5	These guys rock, plain and simple.  I bought a bike and got a hand written thank-you letter from the owner, how cool?  I bought another bike and returned it five months later (was in perfect condition because my kid didn't like it, had receipt and paperwork) and there were no problems returning it except a small stocking fee which I was cool with.  These guys make me trust shopping small, local businesses.  Check them out.
5	I took my bike in about a year ago w/ two flat tires that wouldn't seem to hold air. It turns out I just needed to have the tubes replaced. I was in good shape and didn't end up spending as much as I had budgeted, as I was expecting to need two new tires.After not riding my bike all summer, I noticed the tires were low again last weekend. I took my bike in and it turns out I just needed air and a few minor adjustments.When I was told I didn't owe anything, I insisted on paying at least for the time spent touching up my bike. They wouldn't let me pay and sent me on my way.I sincerely appreciate the great customer service and will recommend these guys to my fellow bike enthusiasts!
5	Attempting to get parts for my Giant brand bike was difficult, but only because I did not directly contact Bike Emporium.  After getting no response or help from many shops around the valley, I kept trying a larger and larger pool of stores.   Luckily for me, Glenn from Bike Emporium in Scottsdale was there to save the day!Bike Emporium helped me get the exact parts I needed and had them in stock, ready to go.  I really appreciate the fact they worked with me over email to make sure I was able to get the exact items needed.  Five stars, a major thank you, and add one more happy customer!  I will be back, even though it is quite a drive from the West Valley.  WORTH EVERY MILE!
5	These guys saved Christmas for me.  I ordered a bike for my wife off Amazon, thinking that assembly would be no problem.  Well, after a few frustrating hours in the garage I tossed the bike in my trunk and took it to Bike Emporium.  The bike tech took one look at the front wheel that was giving me so much trouble and immediately deduced that it was a quick-release wheel, and that the quick-release mechanism had not been included in the box, hence my frustration.  10 minutes and $10 later, and he had the wheel on, had adjusted the brakes, fixed the handlebars (I put them on backwards), and checked the deraileurs.  Very friendly and helpful.  Thanks!
5	This is a great establishment with talented and caring people here to serve their customers.I brought in a Sun Tomohawk Recumbent as Bike E is one of the few places in Maricopa County who has the talent to service these types of bikes.Carlos is really talented with Recumbents and Crystal the Owner is a very knowledgeable a caring owner.They sell great bikes and parts and they are right off the 101 and McDonald Ave in Scottsdale.Highly recommended.
5	Awesome bike shop, awesome people!  Super helpful and nice, and they bend over backward to help you.  Great locally owned joint!
2	This establishment is walking distance from my home, my husband and I are also very committed to supporting the local economy, and therefore we wanted to purchase our bike from a bike shop as opposed to a chain store- even though her bikes cost on average $75-100 more for the same brand (Sports Authority at TMP has the same brand of Electra bikes for less, for example).The owner Crystal was very kind and helpful in the research process, and let us ride the different bikes out back. The beach cruisers hurt my knees and so she directed us to a "Giant" brand bike where the pedals were a little farther back. I was still unsure and she recommended I try riding it longer to see. So I purchased the bike and a basket, and took it home and rode it around a little bit. The basket clinks against the bike rod (it doesn't fit correctly with the shape of the bike), and the bike still hurts my knees so we went back two days later to see about a trade-in or return, and she told us all sales were final. I expressed to her that it is bad business to have an "all sales final" without putting up signage, and also without even telling the customer at the time of purchase. I find this to be manipulative and dishonest. I did notice that the receipt she gave me after purchase did say "all sales final" on the top, however I did not get this until AFTER the purchase. So now I am stuck with a bike that hurts my knees, cost $375, plus a $35 basket that does not fit. In the future unfortunately, because of this unsavory experience, I will be purchasing all future bikes from mega retailers.
5	Great place. Walked in and told them I needed to rent a bike all day. They asked if I didn't a lock and then he took down my info and showed me my bike for the day. I asked if I needed to pay he said no we can pay when we come back and charge the card or cash. He said they like to make things easy. This was Definitely an easy trip. I will be back here. A friend returned the bike and lock and said there was no problem. Thanks for making this rental fasf, easy and great. YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME. BTW THE RENTAL FOR BIKE WAS $25 FOR 24HRS
5	Quick and friendly service. I have brought my bike in for a tune up and have tires changed and they did a great job.
5	I live in the Northeast Valley and still drive the 16 miles to have our bikes serviced here. They are professional, reasonably priced, and explain everything prior to the work. We`ve been customers for three years now, and will keep coming back!
5	Have been looking for a basket/carrier to tote my dog around. Had a hard time finding one that balanced well on my bike and that my dog would enjoy. Tried a trailer that I purchase. Dog did not like. Tried a basket on back rack. Dog would not stay in. Crystal, the owner I believe, suggested a larger rack than the one on my bike that would provide much more support. I put the travel carrier for dog in the basket and the dog loves it! Everyone from Crystal to the mechanic to the lady working in the small post office outlet locate in the shop(another great bonus) were helpful, positive and friendly. Prices seemed fair considering the personal service. Would have saved a lot of money if I hadn't wasted my money at other shops where clerks seemed in to much of a hurry to find out what I really needed.A HUGE thanks from me and Sparky!!!
