5	Just opened, went there for lunch with some work friends. They had a great friday afternoon lunch special and were giving out free drinks for the grand opening. The manager, in fact all of the employees, were very welcoming and catered to us throughout the meal. Sit down restaurant service, at fast food pace and price. Will be back for lunch again soon. Recommend over the boring subway lunch that you're used to.
4	We were very skeptical about this new BBQ joint opening up on College Avenue and 5th in Downtown Tempe. We thought, is this just going to be some watered down, franchise style, no taste BBQ? With apprehension, we decided to give it a try.  Boy! Were we surprised!  This is some seriously legit BBQ. While the interior style of the Dickey's BBQ Pit is definitely "franchise", it's food doesn't taste like it. We enjoyed our first meal there about a week after it opened and by the looks of our frequent diner punch card, we've been back 8 times since! That's 8 times in a matter of 3 weeks. That should speak for itself. We are beginning to think they put something in their BBQ sauce that's addictive? We find ourselves randomly craving it just like a fix we need to indulge. As a matter of fact, I need a Dickey's hit right now! Until next time... (P.S. Check out their daily combo specials for better pricing and don't forget to grab your free ice cream cone before you leave!)
2	Being from East Mesa I am spoiled by Waldo's, so I hoped this place might be comparable. I was pretty disappointed. I tried their original and sweet BBQ sauces and they both tasted the same (and not very sweet at all). On top of that I found a thin piece of plastic wrap in my sandwich... I would return for the mac and cheese, free ice cream and friendly service, but not much else.
4	Purchased food using a Group On. First was impressed with the staff. They provided great and fast service for the amount of food we purchased. Picked up food for 18 people. The food was excellent and great tasting. We covered the majority of meats they had to offer. The BBQ wasn't overly smokey which tends to happen at many places. Definitely will come back here for BBQ. Great place if you are getting good for a large group.
2	Some would say if your from Texas and you've been to Lockhart, TX or Austin then this isn't real BBQ & you could even be shot for eating at such a place like Dickey's and i'd agree to a point, but  lets face it we live in AZ were BBQ joints aren't really a  on every street corner and we don't have pitmasters being born every second of every day! Sure i'd love to drive to one of the great local bbq joints here in the Valley but thats really not a option during a 1hr work lunch! So with that said i wouldn't go out of way to eat here but its within walking distance of Mill Ave and Arizona State University so its close and beats a cold sandwich w chips, again some in Texas might disagree... Adds a little variety to your typically fast food joints around the Tempe area. Lunch specials during the week are reasonable priced and the staff is very friendly and can help you pick something out on the menu that you might like if your not familiar w BBQ. I wouldn't say they have NO options for people who don't like meat but if you know one of these non-meat eaters i certainly wouldnt recommend taking them here. I'd personally recommend the large potato w brisket or the brisket salad both were ok, sides i've tried are fried okra and potato salad. again nothing to jump up and down about but was ok and filled my need for lunch. They have 3 types of sauces you can help yourself to, sweet, hot, mild (reg). They have free soft serve ice cream which i like to use to make a root beer float and you can pick up a yellow cup for a $1 refill next time your in. I'd give you 3 stars but afraid for my life when i return to Texas.....
5	Super delicious!!! The staff were great and friendly!! I am still thinking about the delicious polish sausage sandwich I had! Thanks guys! Keep up the great work!
5	I ordered the Holiday Meal for this Christmas.  It was a huge deep fried cajun flavored turkey that lasted a week.  It came with a gallon of baked potato casserole, a gallon of green beans, a gallon of stuffing, gravy, and rolls.  It was AWESOME.  What a great deal and so delicious.  Eddie the manager is excellent and made me feel like I was the only person in the room.  Parking is very limited and you have to pay.  In addition, googlemaps shows an empty parking lot when you zoom in.  It's on the first floor of the new apartments built by the ASU sundevil stadium.
1	Ordered food online at 7:00 on 7/21, had left my house & was en route to pick up dinner for my family when I got a call from the manager, stating that they were out of just about everything that I had ordered and that they wouldn't be able to serve me today. I understand that BBQ places are notorious for running out of food, but if a place accepts online ordering, they should be able to fulfill their online orders.He proposed I reschedule the take out order, which I had already paid for, to the next day and offered no reprive as to what I was to do that night for dinner. I ended up having to pick up dinner from another local restaurant becuse I had nothing ready to cook at home & it was already getting late. I returned the next day to pick up the previous day's order and was treated like it was no big deal that it took them 24 hours to fulfill my online order. Took the food home (10 minute drive), both the chopped & regular brisket were dry to the point of shoe leather & weren't finished by my family, everything else was acceptable but not outstanding. We're living on a tight budget, as most people are these days, and dining out is a treat for us, not something we can do every day, so being forced to order out twice in one weekend not only put a strain on my budget, but the food I recieved wasn't even the treat that it was meant to be for my family. I was very disappointed in the service I recieved and lack of responsiveness of the employees to the issue when it arose; my family will not be returning again.If you do want to give this place a shot, here's what we ordered & what my family thought of it:Meats:Chopped brisket - Stringy & dry, had to be dipped in BBQ in order to eat it.Regular brisket - looked & tasted similar to beef jerkey, Pulled Pork - Acceptable, but not outstanding, we've had better at most places in Phoenix & Gilbert.Ribs - This one bright spot. Meaty, membrane left on, but the smoking process made them taste more like ham than what you'd expect from ribs.Sides:Mac & Cheese - Edible, middle of the pack among BBQ places, make sure to have pepper at the ready.Green Beans & Bacon - Nice change of pace from the rest of the food, as these tasted like they were steamed or boiled. Bacon seemed like an afterthought, but wasn't necessary.Baked Beans - Very smokey, almost too much. Pretty sure it was liquid smoke & not from their smoker.Potato Casserole - Mashed potato, cheese, bacon, and green onions. This was delicious, unfortunately, we had only ordered 1 helping of it & it was gone quickly.If you are going to give Dickey's a shot, try the ribs & potato casserole, and call ahead to make sure they aren't going to be out of food when you get there.
2	Changed the hours on me. Wouldn't have been so painful if he hadn't locked the door in my face at 6:02. CONSISTENCY is key.
4	Get the daily specials and you're all set! The food was good BBQ but not the best or anything super special. The staff was slow to take our orders but I think they were a bit overwhelmed. All and all I would definitely come back again and eat!
3	Went in around lunch time and the place is tiny, had to wait about 10 minutes just to sit down somewhere... The food was excellent, just felt rushed and crammed into a small location.Oh and they have free ice cream, which is delicious.
4	Fast bbq. Free ice cream. What else do I need to say. The price is good for what you get. it may not be a stake house but it's better then fast-food.
2	I'll give them credit for having decent pulled pork. That's all the good I can say.The over priced mac n cheese was brought out cold, I asked for it to be warmed up and the guy who brought it back out looked so annoyed that he had to put it in the microwave for 30 seconds and clearly demonstrated such.I'm waiting inside right now as I write this review, I've been waiting for the manager for about 30 mins when they said he would come talk to me in 5 mins.I called ahead to ask if they had WiFi and the girl told me yes. When I got here another girl said they do have WiFi but its for employees only..I wasn't sure why that would be the case and I asked to talk to the manager if and why that's true. Here I am waiting.. Fairly lame experience here, customer service isn't easy I guess.
2	I dropped by this place for dinner. I ordered:2 Meat Platter: beef brisket, sausages, dinner roll, some bean chili like thing, onion ringsTotal: $11-12The service is friendly and good. They brought out everything without the roll and promptly informed me that it was in the oven, toasting up. They brought it out soon after.Also, there was definitely Wi-Fi. I wasn't sure if it was from the restaurant itself, but my laptop connected to something and I was able to read my emails.As for the food. I'm sorry to say it was unlike the service. The beef brisket was very dry. Not jerky dry, but it was kind of like a powdery dry. The sausage was a sausage, kind of smoky, spicy and sweet. The bean chili was very sweet (and some people like my mother would love it). The bread, was soft and airy. It reminded me of a roll I might find at "Texas Roadhouse" with a slight baking powder flavor (it's like a pancake's aftertaste).Everything was fine, until I started the onion rings. It was not fried right. It was definitely very crispy but also pretty oily in a bad way. I wasn't sure if it was just the onions inside the batter that was giving me issues, so I laid it out on my napkin. It left a rather noticeable oil ring.All in all, I get the feeling they are still learning the franchise's instructions. However, I'm going to have to have to say that the service was not horrible. I'm going to let some time pass before I give them a try again. Those onion rings...
