3	This place is conveniently located by Target (my favorite place to accidentally drop $115 when stopping in for toothpaste), and has been a coffee staple in Ahwatukee for as long as i can remember.they have the usual coffee fare, bagels (pretty bland) and pastries (never tried em) and pretty good coffee. the ambiance isn't spectacular, but if you're shopping around, it's as good a place as any to get an italian soda or latte.
4	I'll call it 3.5 stars.  Convenient location, pretty good iced cafe mocha, free wifi, punch-card so every 10th espresso drink is free, outdoor seating.What more could I ask of in a coffee house?OK, I could ask for really good pastries and I could ask for toddy drinks.  In fairness, I haven't tried any pastries yet so I don't know if they are good or not.  I could ask for the atmosphere I might experience in a street side cafe in Tuscany.  I could ask if they would wash my car.Obviously I'm getting carried away.
5	Double Iced Mocha.  Possibly a black and white cookie.  I'd buy stock in this company if I could.
5	I absolutely adore this place. Java Frost; Vanilla. What's up??? I've been going here since I was a teenager, and often. This is the best coffee place on the map and I miss them having a location on Elliot too because that one had a blender and could also make Java Frosts. I can't help but wonder, what happened to the blender at that location? WHY OH WHY didn't it migrate to the McClintock store?? But I digress. The coffee is amazing, the people remember me even when I don't show up for weeks, and the atmosphere is cozy to boot.
4	After my earlier mishap at The Coffee Buzz, I decided to give Seattle a shot. I never even knew this place was here until I came across it on yelp earlier this week. It's a bit dark inside, thy have a pastry case but it needs a makeover, maybe the darkness is what makes it seem uninviting? I order the same thing here, an Iced Dirty Chai Soy Latte. There goes another $5, but at least this time it was worth it! Damn Delicious, I taste the spicy chai along with the perk of the espresso and it wasn't overpowering either, I appreciated that. It was a perfect balance that had me zippin' all day ;-) 4 stars for my drink, although I think they could make the place feel more welcoming by brightening it up in there and offering some more food items.
4	this place tastes like high school :) gone are the days of actually waking up early enough to get ready someplace other than in my car, but to actually want to make time to stop and get coffee. everytime I go to my parents I make a stop here.  i recommend everything. I always add soymilk- some employees don't charge for it and some do. I say flash them a few smiles, it will increase your chances for free soy. unless you're a guy- no soy for you. i heard it can create moobs and, well, i want to prevent you from developing moobs. I love their version of the caramel machiatto. it's the best i've ever had.Seattle Espresso is sorta like 'if you give a mouse a cookie' in that if you give me a latte then i'll want to stop in hobby lobby or target. and if i go to hobby lobby expect me to disappear for a long time and i will ask to borrow someones hot glue gun. you get the idea.
4	So I'm actually sitting here in Seattle Espresso, writing this review on my new laptop using their free Wi-Fi.I'm not much of a coffee drinker.  I only use a french press at home, and only buy beans if I'm expecting someone to come over that might want coffee.  When I do drink it, I want something that's above the cut.  I came in an noticed the atmosphere first, lots of live plants, and some interesting artwork.  For a long, skinny store, they've made if feel spacious.  It's clean and moderately busy for a Sunday morning on a long holiday weekend. The music is nice, and at reasonable background volume, and with my iPod on, I can tune everyone out if I want.  The lighting here is also great for working on a laptop, not too bright, so I'm not glare blind, but bright enough I don't feel like I'm in a cave.  For those who have selected to read newspapers, there's nice lighting above each of the booths that provides plenty of reading light.They were very friendly, and from some of the other people here, I can tell they remember, and care about their regulars.  I decided to try the White Russian Mocha, hot (they do offer it in iced as well.)I'm a little hungry, but sadly their pastry case had nothing that made me want to buy.  The only thing that stood out in the random assortment of typical muffins and danish was the banana nut bread, but as I'm mildly allergic to bananas, I decided not to risk it.As I sit here and sip the coffee, I'm very pleased.  It's great, full flavor, and a nice sweet mocha flavor without being cloying.  When I have a Frappuchino, I always feel as if I'm about to go into diabetic shock and it leaves a weird film in my mouth.  This has none of that.In fact, this drink is something I would make for myself at home, if I wasn't so lazy.  So they get high marks on service and coffee, but they could do more with the pastries for a high rank.
5	Shaun makes the best chai! :) quiet out of the way and quaint. Beautiful setting, great atmosphere! Worth the price, cheaper than Starbucks and tastes better!I was really impressed with everything the cookies are delicious, the staff are friendly. The store is very long but the decorator did a great job making you feel comfortable here. There are chairs and booths, the espresso bar is actually a bar. lol :) The atmosphere is just great, I cannot stress this enough! Its spacious and delicious.Check it out!
4	Silky lattes, friendly service, and no corporate vibe.  Exactly what I look for in a coffee shop!  A friend turned me on to this little hole in the wall a few months ago, and every time we're in the area we swing in, me for a vanilla latte, she gets a mocha...it's hard to decide which is better, but I'm partial to my soy vanilla latte, so that always wins out...I do steal a few sips from her cup though...when she's not looking...
5	Cool staff and vibe plus great coffee
5	This isn't your corner Starbucks by far.  It's small company that caters to it's repeat customers.  I've been going to Seattle Espresso for over ten years now and it's by far one of my favorite places to grab a drink.  My favorite is their Bella Mocha.  SE uses a bitter sweet chocolate sauce made by a Seattle company called Dilettante Chocolates. They also use cream (sorry health nuts - not your drink) that gives it a bit of a silky buttery taste mixed in with the bittersweet chocolate.  I would class it a Bittersweet Nirvana!  Starbucks's new Cocoa Cappuccino does not even compare to it and all it does is make me crave the Bella Mocha even more.  Another plus with SE is that they use an Italian Roast Coffee bean for it's espresso drinks.  Strong and full of flavor, and again this may not be your cup of Starbucks.   So if you like Italian roasted espresso and full flavored concoctions, give it a try!
5	LOVE them. I am loyal! Besides they are closer to me than Starbucks, and in the morning I can get in and out faster! Yummy bagels! LOVE their lowfat Blueberry Muffin. The iced teas are all awesome, and their coffees are tasty!
2	I have tried this place a few times, but I have to agree the  barristers always seem to be in a bad mood and put out when you order.  They never say hello or seem to even want you in the place.  There are always a couple people in there so maybe they just like their regulars.  I always get the same thing at every coffee place, a mocha, and the ones here don't ever taste like espresso or chocolate they always taste like milk.  If you are in the shopping center I guess it's passable, but I wouldn't go out of my may since there is a coffee place in every shopping center here.
2	I decided to try this place instead of Starbucks for once. The large mochas cost about the same as Starbucks' venti, but they're about the size of Starbucks' grande. In other words, you get a lot less coffee for the money. The coffee also isn't nearly as good as Starbucks-- it just tasted watery and milky to me. Looks like I'm going back to Starbucks!
