3	Okay, I will admit upfront that I'm pretty annoyed with Simply Cinema. So yes, that does color my review. That being said, they basically did what they said they'd do. They have a good quality video, and a highlight film which is awesome to share with people. So why am I annoyed? Because they deleted all my wedding footage after delivering the DVD before I had a chance to review the DVD. Yes, they told me they would be deleting it, but I didn't have a chance to do so in their time frame (~2 weeks). So they went ahead and deleted the footage without notifying me (there was no "if you don't respond by this date we will delete your footage" email), so that when I was finally able to get back to them, it was already gone. Why does that piss me off? Because I had asked for some footage to be included in full on the DVD after the fact (an impromtu dance from the wedding that they captured), and got email confirmation from them that it would be included on the DVD before they made the DVD. Guess what wasn't on my DVD? And guess what I can't get added to my DVD because they already deleted it? What they delivered was decent, but you have to operate to their schedule, not vice versa. And for what I paid, I feel it should be opposite.   Their work is fine, but the fact that they never stated their data retention policy at any point, and the nasty responses I have gotten from the business owner (after posting the review above verbatim on another site) makes me knock their rating down.   If I had received my DVD with the additional dances on them, it would have been 5-stars all the way.
2	We contracted Simply Cinema to shoot our wedding several few weeks before the big day. All went well during the filming of the wedding, and their videographers were friendly.Towards the end of the transaction a few weeks later, we had several concerns. We purchased a package that included DVDs of our wedding footage. We were sent a USB drive that contained files of footage, not the continuous wedding footage we paid for. We contacted them right away (their communication could've been much better...took forever to return calls, they responded by email when we specifically asked for a call, etc). When we finally were able to get a hold of them, they said that package we purchased was no longer available, which meant they did not make that DVD anymore. This was the ONLY reason we paid for a videographer, to have a DVD full of wedding footage! Their excuse for the change: they didn't "do that kind of technology anymore." The kicker, is that they never let us know the package we paid for several months before had "changed." So we were stuck with a USB drive of files of footage, not a DVD of continuous, chronilogical order time line of events like we paid (a lot) for. They said they couldn't make it right, because they didn't have the capability to make a full-length DVD....what decade are they living in?Bottom line: they changed the package without telling us, didn't do anything to help us make it right and make the customer feel good about their expensive purchase. They sent us some blank DVDs so we could make the transfer ourselves. Gee, thanks. I'm glad we paid you a lot of money to do this for us, and in the end you didn't do it!!! We won't be recommending you to anyone.
4	When deciding where to spend our money for our November 2011 wedding, we knew we wanted a videographer!  Most aspects of the wedding will come and go (hopefully not the spouse!) but a video would allow to enjoy our day over and over again.  After a bit of research, we decided to use Simply Cinema.  They did a great job on the highlight film.  I could watch that 10 minute clip over and over again . . . and I have.  I would have liked a little more human/live interaction.  In all of the exchanges there was only one phone call (I think, maybe, that may have been the first phone call I made to initiate service).  There was a lot of communication via email and an online survey to capture what I wanted in my video.  Very convenient, yet not much of a personal feel.  I have never used a videographer before, so knowing how to answer the questions on the survey was a little difficult, it would have been helpful to have a live person to talk me through my options.  For example, I was asked to select three songs to be on my highlight video.  The three I picked were not available due to copyright, so they picked songs for me.  The songs they picked are fine (again, I love the highlight video), however if I was given a list of 'approved' songs to pick from I might have been able to get songs that I wanted.The two videographers that filmed our wedding day were awesome, I really enjoyed having them there.  Nice, funny, just kinda quietly hung out in the background, getting everything on tape, and stepping in to help or offer a suggestion when needed. Turns out there was a problem with one of the cameras and the wide shot during the wedding was blurry.  Kind of a bummer when I was saying my vows.  After notifying the owner we did end up getting the raw footage at no cost to make up for the blurry shot.  That was nice.Overall, the work was good and the prices reasonable.  A little to be desired with the communication, but if you know that going into it, you can be prepared for it and still get a good product without blowing the budget.
