3	This is a very cute place.  It has a very welcoming atmosphere that you can feel when you walk in.  The people are really friendly and are willing to help someone new to this type of food, like I am.  The food was really good.  Very fresh and spiced just right.  It's a great place to come and hang out and enjoy some great food.
4	Not saying that I am a Pho expert but I have been to a couple of great authentic places and I do like this place a whole lot. Great prices, and you should know its legit when locals come to eat out. Great Bowl of Pho!! The prices are great $8 for a XL bowl of Pho. Also, you have to order the Rice Paper Shrimp and Pork Rolls.  Will for sure go back again!!
4	I've been to a few Vietnamese places in my life time and all have been very authentic so going out here in Charlotte I was searching for something authentic to follow suit. Pho An Hoa is actually right next door to another very popular Vietnamese restaurant but the hubby and I chose to go here instead because it's new to the area, and there were several Vietnamese families in there so in all honesty that right there sold me. Who would know better about a Vietnamese restaurant then Vietnamese people?! The service was great, never had an empty cup and had everything I needed without having to ask for it. I got a bowl of Pho, made mostly of beef and it was delicious and to date has been the best I've had. It was very flavorful and had all of the fixings. The prices are perfect, it's not overpriced and it would be perfect for someone on a budget. This will be my new Pho spot and I recommend it to anyone else who enjoys Vietnamese food! Cheers!
5	Love this place! Sorry Ben thanh we traded you in for something better! Highly recommend this restaurant. I love the quality and quantity!
5	Forget Pho Real (because it's not good and worth it) this restaurant is the best pho restaurant near my house. This is the restaurant I would go to if I had a craving for pho, and because I basically live right next to a string of pho restaurants I get to have a picking. Ben Thanh is right next door and I have tried both, so you can say I have experience of which one is better.Coming in here, the dining area is basically an extended hallway. Tables line right next to the windows and in the back, there are bathrooms. I remember back back in the day when I was a youngling, there used to be an arcade and my brother and I would go and play Galatica. Darn Aliens! Anyways, since the years have passed there have been several owners and now it's nicer and cleaner.I usually order either Goi Cuon (Fresh spring rolls) or Cha Gio (Fried spring rolls) along with my Dac Biet (Pho with basically everything in it). The reason why I say this place is better than most Pho restaurants is because:1. It's cheap. Pho, shouldn't be expensive.2. The amount you get is well worth the money. The amount of noodles compared to other places is a huge difference. If you get the largest size, I guarantee you'll be full. In comparison to other places where the portions are so ridiculous, even if you order their largest size you're still hungry after.3.  The broth and quality of the soup. Yes, maybe some other places have a better broth, but lets face it... We're here for the noodles and everything else that comes with it, not the soup. However, the soup does flavor the noodles and gives the overall dish its umph. But, if there's more soup than noodles that's where the problem lies.So you must be wondering what Dac Biet is. Dac Biet is basically Pho (thin rice noodles) and inside the broth comes the meats. Of course there's different types of meats you can order, but Dac Biet is basically a combination of all the meats. So Tripe, Meatballs, Tendon, Beef Flank, etc. There's a good amount of meat in this, which is why I crave it so.Overall, this place is delicious. An Hoa is a hole in the wall type of place, but you know what that means. They have best stuff, well at least around this area. (For the South Side, look for my review of Saigon Palace) But overall, if you're in the area and craving for Pho come here and you won't be disappointed.
3	The flavor certainly isn't bad but it's probably a little too salty for my taste and with ben thanh next door it's hard to see why you'd go to pho an hoa but variety is the spice of life.
5	Best Pho in Charlotte !!! They are all about the Pho here and thats good for us. Their focus on their craft; constantly produces a tasty , hearty noodle soup that on a cold, damp day... will save your soul! Service is great and the food comes out as fast as you can go wash your hands and come back sometimes; making one of my favorite lunch spots.
5	Excellent! Great experience and wonderful flavor. Plentiful servings and very relaxed atmosphere. Not expensive!!!
2	I was excited to get to try some authentic Vietnamese Pho - it came quickly, steaming hot, and very large portions! Sadly, I discovered once again that I don't really like all Vietnamese food. I'm sure it's very good for someone who likes it, but I've already known for a while that it's not my cup of tea.
4	I found this place by accident one day I wasn't feeling well and wanted soup...I think this place sells the next best thing to Jewish penicillin...chicken soup. There's was a seafood pho, I took mine to go like I said cause I was sick got home combined the broth with the submersibles and got into the zone. Made some for my son who as an almost adult can get finickie but he inhaled his as well.
4	I have been frequenting this pho restaurant for at least 14 years now, they have gone a LOOONG way since I first came here. If i were to review them 14 years ago, I would have probably given them 2 stars for sanitation. I was just there for dinner tonight, I checked their sanitation score which is 93, it's acceptable for an ethnic vietnamese restaurant that used to be a hole in the wall place. They put up curtains, put covers on the chopsticks and included a variety of sauces on each table. The only thing I have to warn you about is they only have one person running the kitchen and one server only...so if there are a lot of people in the restaurant(dinner time), things gets slow and hectic. We wanted bubble teas but were told they can't make them...ok. Ordered the papaya salad, it was ok for $6, tasted kinda like pad thai but green ripe papaya instead of noodle.Ordered #15 egg noodle with wonton, shrimp and pork. The broth was a tad salty, but overall pretty good for $8.50, the XL side. I would recommend a medium if you are moderately hungry and only and XL if you are DYING for food. The price here is probably the best for pho, you can get a children's pho bowl for $5, then small for 7.50, medium 8.00, extralarge is 8.50. I think their best items are their noodle soup bowls. What is great about this place is that they do not charge extra for egg noodles, they have a whole category of noodle bowls that let you choose the noodle you want.
4	Great service and great pho! I am more of a fan of their mi, though, and be warned that the portions are HUGE. The waitresses are really friendly. Low, low, low key place. Nice hidden gem!
5	Best pho in Charlotte...and it's the cheapest. They do not skimp on the meat either.  I go once a month at least.
3	I got the medium shrimp and meatball pho and taro bubble tea for to go. they added up to $13. The bubble tea is pretty good, has a rich condensed milk flavor instead of just powder. The broth is very comfy, but a bit salty. Overall, it is a good place for fast pho stop.
4	One of the better pho places in Charlotte! Great pho at a cheaper price compared to some places in Charlotte. Their spring rolls are great too. Of course it's not like Atlanta or west coast good, but if you're in town and want good authentic pho and not care about the interior decorating, then come here.
4	This place is a good choice for Vietnamese. It's a fast, cheap, hole in the wall. Nothing fancy about it. Just good food. I may have had more flavorful broth at other Vietnamese restaurants like Ben Thanh next door and Vietnam Grille on South Blvd.
5	A big bowl of pho was just what the doctor ordered. I guess technically what I ordered wasn't pho, but it was a big bowl of awesome. I had the #12 - seafood vermicelli soup and I also ordered some vegetarian rolls to share. Both were delicious. The restaurant is small and the servers are prompt. I love Ben Thanh, but this place is better I'm afraid.
2	OK but not definitely worth returning.. The broth did not have the home made authentic taste to it. Feels Fake. It is given as diluted a lot. The chilli paste on the table is too oily.In a strip mall in the Hispanic, less nicer  part of town. Cost of medium is $8.50.Small portion size. for the price.
