3	Five, impossible.Four stars for the interesting design of the place. Three stars for the fact they sell warm & soft pretzels at their concessions. Two stars for the crazed Chief Illiniwek fans that still stand up during halftime - even though the UIUC was forced to ban the racist mascot from their games. (Yes, I just went there.)One star for the lack of creativity with the cement interior and uncomfortable seating.All that averages to about two and a half. So, I guess, let's go with three?
3	I have been here for a basketball game and a concert. Let me just say it's not good for a concert. They close off half the arena and leave only a small pocket on the floor for general admission. I can't imagine being in that sandwich trying to see the show. Second, they don't serve alcohol... which is an adjustment for a rock concert. Third, the seats are uncomfortable, and the rows of seats are so close together that there is no leg room. Your knees are seriously on the person's shoulders in front of you if you are 6'0 or taller.The sound didn't travel like it normally would in a normal concert. It wasn't that loud, in other words.On the positive, parking was a cinch. It was $5 to park right next to the arena, and the workers were helpful with the directions to the Will Call. Once inside, the security was a joke. They used a metal detector on us, and it said I was clear with keys and a camera in my pockets. Good thing I didn't bring a weapon!It's a good place to catch a basketball game, but I wouldn't want to see another concert here.
4	Orange, everywhere you look is orange.  And you can look everywhere as there are literally no bad seats here.This is a great place to go to a basketball game.  Oh.  If you're an Illini fan.  People stand until both teams sink their first basket.  Everyone knows the words to the fight song and the alma mater.  And the Chief is remembered here as the proud symbol of a proud University.  Ah, the memories!  I have been  attending games here since the '70's which is good and bad.  (Time to wipe tear of joy.)  Wait, we need to get back to the review.Good - lots of nostalgia, history and tradition in this venue.  LIke memorial stadium, local groups run the concessions and make money for the CU area.Bad - with all of the history comes age.  This is certainly not the newest domed facility around.  The seats could be a little friendlier on the back.  (I didn't have this complaint in the 70s!)We were just here last night and will be here a few more times this year. Why don't you join us?  Just remember to wear orange!
4	I've been to plenty of games (and one ill advised monster truck show) here - not as many as some, but plenty. And while I love what the atmosphere can be, it doesn't seem to live up to that standard any longer. No, the team isn't as good as it's been in the recent past, but that doesn't mean you should sit on your hands most of the game, like a lot of kids and "adults" alike did during a recent visit for a pivotal game against MSU. I've heard this place rocking, and...well, when you leave before the horn, and can't sell the place out...shame on you, Champaign. As for amenities, screw em. I don't want plush seats, because I don't want to sit down. I don't need fancy concessions, because this isn't a restaurant. And I don't want luxury boxes because they remove seating capacity. I want a venue that packs in as many screaming angry orange-clad students as possible, and when Assembly Hall is filled with orange, it's pretty freaking orange and pretty freaking loud in there. Now, I take issue with seating old people close to the floor and sticking most students up in the rafters, but honestly, there isn't a bad seat in the house. Yes, closer is better, but sight lines are superb throughout. So, no 5th star for the home of my beloved Illini because the place isn't an unhinged madhouse, come rain, come shine, come win, come loss. But I do love it. And I just pray that it doesn't get replaced with some shiny, soulless, glass and steel creation with a corporate name. KFC Yum Center anyone? Puh-lease. Maybe with Jimmy Johns being founded in the area, we could have the "Freaky Fast Forum" in a few years.
3	Cool building, but the food is the most boring I've ever seen.
4	WIN+no other university has an arena like this.  5 Stars for engineering novelty!+architecturally historic: was the largest building of its kind when constructed+it is small enough to host high school events, big enough to host professional events+Illini Basketball fans are active and lively+it can get refreshingly loud if the place is full and the Illini are workin on a come-from-behind win!+if you like orange, you'll love it hereLOSE-apparently the Hall needs a lot of upkeep and upgrades because it was built in the mid 1900's-it is on the outskirts of campus so there is not much to do within close walking distance if you are inclined to walk to a game.-everybody in the building is white except for the basketball players.
5	Ohh the good ole days. Oskee!
