5	We had a great experience with Bee Clean Pools LLC.  Casey was very professional and helped me save money by showing me how to do some things on my own.  When it was time to drain and refill the pool Casey even helped me by diggging around in my rocks to find the sewer clean out.  Good honest service at a great price!  My wife and my wallet couldn't be happier.  Thanks!
5	I contacted Casey about cleaning the pool in my newly purchased house. I'm a first time home owner and pool owner. Casey's prices were slightly higher than some other companies I found, but after speaking with Casey, I knew is was the company to go with. He is friendly, responsive, EXTREMELY through and very knowledgeable.  It's evident that he really does care about his business and that your pool is in top shape.  Being new to pools and homes, he even assisted in getting our fountain up and running.  Once we're settled, we'll most certainly  be taking Casey's "Pool School" so we can start taking care of the maintenance ourselves!
5	I called Casey to clean my green pool I thought he was going to tell me we had to drain it but that was not the case he had the pool looking amazing in about 4 visits and it has look better then it ever has in the year I have lived here will continue you use bee clean pool and will recommend to everyone I know that gas a pool
5	I contacted Casey after 3 other pool guys messed up my pool and tried to over charge me. Casey came in and did a amazing job and told me everything he was doing. I would recommend this pool company!
5	Casey is the best pool guy around.  Highly dependable, reliable and trustworthy!  Best part ---  the pool is crystal clear and working well.  Highest recommendation .  Would be a reference anytime
5	Casey is the best pool guy around!!! He's trustworthy, extremely knowledgeable, reliable, and clearly knows what he is doing with pools. We recently completely remodeled our pool and after only 4 months were having issues with staining on the pool interior. The pool company who remodeled our pool stated a completed drain and acid wash of the pool was the only solution and we would pay the cost. Completely frustrated that I was going to have to pay more money to this pool company on a pool this new I decided to go to yelp for help.. And I was not let down. Casey came the day I called and agreed the pool would indeed have to be drained but did not recommend an acid wash on such a new interior.  He was very detailed and explained everything that needed to be done. The pool has since been drained and refilled and already (in less than a week) shows signs of the staining disappearing. Casey has been here checking on it regularly and communicating with me every time. So thank you to those who wrote a review for him or I wouldn't have found him!! HIGHLY Recommend!!!
