5	L'Artichaut is a fantastic place to eat with a very friendly, relaxed atmosphere. A group of us arrived, excited by recent reviews of how good this place is but also curious how we, 5 very non-vegetarians would cope with no meat. The manageress was aware of our carnivore ways and we agreed that we would all order a different course so we could try a forkful of each. The choice, the presentation and taste were all amazing and all washed down with vegetarian wine (you learn a new thing every day). We had a terrific time here. The great food and informative, easy going staff made this a really enjoyable evening.
5	My partner's brother read about this restaurant in an onflight magazine and mentioned it to his mum. She had us book a table the first time she visited after that which was tonight (they're dutch). As my partner is veggie we're always on the look out for a nice place to eat. We were not disappointed - even though it was very quiet (sunday night) we had a delicious meal in a very friendly and relaxed restaurant. We all sampled different dishes and each and every one of them was delicious, particularly the filo parcels as starter, the "sunday roast" and a special word for the amazing meringues with lime and pink peppercorns! We'll definitely be back and most likely with my partner's brother next time he visits.
4	I've just discovered 5pm.co.uk for making online reservations for restaurants - which is where I found L'Artichaut. And glad I did find it, as it does rather delicious French-based vegetarian cuisine. Yes, folks, not a chicken leg in sight. Two courses for fifteen pounds, 3 for 19.50. Staff are pleasant and were very prompt (sometimes too prompt for our slow indecisiveness!) and were extremely magnanimous when all my cards were rejected. She must have realised that it was all in my plan to get a free meal out of my friend that night!Got to admit, I was fliping ravenous when we arrived. Trying to stay on the right side of fifteen pounds and not splurge on the 3 courses, I opted to shove an entire bowl of olives down my greedy throat to try to stave off the hunger while we waited for our mains, which did take a while to arrive. We were warned it would take a while to prepare, so that was OK by me. The portions were probably reasonable, but I was a little unreasonably hungry, so although I was sated by the end of the meal, I was hungry again later on in the evening. Oh well. Anyway, that is aside the point, because I had an entirely delicious meal of braised fennel, Provencale tomatoes and potatoes Dauphinoise - the fennel was absolutely delicious, with the flavours working in serious harmony with the tomato. My friend had the courgette lasagne. For dessert, we homed in on the lemon tart and the vegan chocolate cake (with kirsch cherries... oh yes, you had me at the cherries). The lemon tart was full of fresh lemony zestiness that makes me crumble inside, whilst the chocolate and cherry combination is always a classic one (greedy little me would have rolled over for more cherries though). We also shared a bottle of rose which nicely complimented the meals we had chosen.All in all, I had a lovely meal, in a good place with pleasant company that, although for my big appetite left me slightly wanting, definitely means that  L'Artichaut is a place I will frequent on trips to town in future.
5	While tagging along with my bf on the UK leg of his tour, I was craving something that wasn't some omni meal with eggs and dairy left out of it. I wanted a meal that was made to be vegan. Also, since it was his birthday, it was another reason to break the tour bubble and venture out for something nicer than what was catered for us...For starters I had the tomato and fennel soup, and he had the beetroot croquettes. Not only did we drool over our own, we drooled over each other's.Next, I had the spiced cauliflower and almond tagine, and he had the whole roasted beef tomato filled with ratatouille and served with polenta chips. Now, normally I despise polenta. It's the reason why I didn't order what he had in the first place, but the both of us were not only stuffing our faces with our own food, but picking at each other's plates at the same time.We finished the meal with a freshly made dark chocolate and beet-root cake. So effing amazing. It was only slightly sweet, but incredibly moist and still warm from the oven. The staff is really polite and attentive. You don't really find many vegan/vegetarian places that do French food, so this place is definitely one to recommend!
