4	The wife and I have enjoyed a good bingo romp since we moved to Vegas... it was a cheap way to enjoy a couple hours of fun. Since our first year in Vegas we've bingo'd less and less but keep coming back to Red Rock. It is by far the best place to Bingo in all of Las Vegas. The number one reason it is the best...smokers get placed inside a glassed in "cage". The largest area is for the non-smokers. It is so very nice. The staff at Red Rock are also pretty consistently nice, and we find a lot of other younger folks at Red Rock (as compared to other bingo halls). If you have a Station card you can do the Level 1 bingo plus the jumbo jackpot card (if you win its $100,000) for $5. That includes your two adult beverages. You cannot beat that price. When we have out of town guests, this is always on our list.
5	I haven't played bingo since I was in elementary school.  So I thought this would be funny to go and be like the only people under 75 in the room.  Holy crap!  THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU LEARNED IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!My friends and I decided to go play Bingo since none of us have.  We thought it would be just like school bingo and you would pay like a buck to play.Oh hell no!This is serious bingo!  And you don't just get your numbers in a row bingo.  You have to pay attention to what bingo they are playing.  And some of the games, you use your card more than once.  *slaps head*So we got there at like 8:45pm and almost every seat in the place was taken.  There was a line where you get your bingo cards.  So we got in line.  The line moved really fast, which was nice.  We got to the front and the 4 of us explained that we had no idea what was going on.  There are different level cards you can buy depending on how much you want to gamble.  So 3 of us got the $15 cards, where you play 6 games at a time out of 5 pages. With the biggest money payout.  Plus the $1 jumbo card.  My husband was the wise one and picked up one of these portable computers that you play on.  More on the portable computer later.  **Did I mention that it is CASH ONLY?!!?!?  yeah.**  We then asked where we get our chips or markers.  The lady pointed to a vending machine.  The markers range from $1.00-1.75 depending on how fancy you wanted the marker.We then took all of our stuff and tried to find 4 seats together.  We found 3 chairs and then found a random one that we moved so we all could be together.We were all like deer in headlights when the game started.  They were going really fast.  And you use a special card for the first game of the hour.  Luckily, we had a set of 4 pros sitting next to us that guided us through the process.  By the 3rd game we had figured it out.Back onto the portable computer: when the bingo lady calls the number (ie. B 5) the computer marks it for you.  Where the 3 of us were scrambling to use the marker on the sheets before they called the next number.  The 4 pros next to us were laughing with us and telling us to use the portable computer next time so we can sit and chat and drink.  Yes drink.  You get free drinks (like 3 or 4) while you are there.  No tipping required!  The ladies that walk around asking if you want drinks (not in skanky outfits either) are extremely nice.  Example: she came around and I asked for a vodka cranberry.  She asked if I placed my order when I came in.  (I had no idea what she was talking about)  But when you get there, you should place your drink order right away and then they bring it to you.  So instead I got a water.  And within 3 minutes she came back with a vodka cranberry for me!  How sweet!!None of us won any money.  One person in the room won $20,000 and one of the pros won $500 and the other $10.My husband and I were actually talking about going back tonight, cause it was kinda fun, definitely low-key and cheap for an hour's worth of entertainment.It kinda ruined our buzz because it was a little stressful for the first time going. I caught myself a couple of times, with my mouth wide open and a confused look on my face.  Oh how I wish I could look back and see what the 4 of us looked like.  haha! With SO many people being there, the chances of winning are extremely low.  The pros told us to go at like 7pm.  I guess they double your chances of winning or something during the week?  I still don't have it figured out.Shout out to the pros next to us.  One of them wrote down what the colors meant (colors refer to the letter being called) and the other took my card and marked the numbers for me because I was so behind.  The other made sure we marked each of the numbers and described the games for us and the other laughed and offered insight.  (Hi Dan-o if you read this!)After all of that, my recommendation:-get there like an hour early, get your seats that you want, get a portable computer, place your drink order and enjoy your time!  We are excited to go back and do this again!
5	And Bingo was his name-o!  I love playing Bingo!  And Red Rock has the best bingo room in the city!Bingo is probably one of the best deals in town.  You can play for as little as $5 if you play Level 1.  And that's for a session that will last an hour, and your possible payout can be pretty nice!  And you also get complementary beverages, anything from sodas, juice, hot chocolate, coffee, etc...and that includes the option of two alcoholic drinks that can be anything from beer to a cocktail.  The way I look at it, even if I spend a few bucks and don't win any of the 13 games you'll play...at least I got two whiskey and coke's out of it!As far as casino games, I've had the best payout playing Bingo.  I've only won higher amounts at the sports book.  But I've spent $6 in here and walked out with $550.  Not a bad pay out if you ask me!  Plus I've talked to some very cool and colorful older people in here.  You have the option of playing on the paper sheets with your dauber, or you can upgrade and play on the machine unit which does all the work for you.Games start every odd hour from 9am-11pm.  Get there around 15 or so minutes before so you can make sure and get your supplies and your drinks!  And remember to scan your Boarding Pass card...you get a discount on your bingo cards, and you'll receive points for every dollar you spend.
4	You better know your bingos if you show up here! This is not newbie friendly. They call #s about every 6 seconds and don't even think about about sipping your cocktail in between - there's no time! Pick up your dauber and focus! A special shout out to the Sunday bartender - before we even sat down for the second round, she had our drinks ready to go! She remembered our drink order - greyhounds, 3 per person. Niiice! Someone got a good tip that day.Had to deduct one star because they quarantine the smokers in a glass cage - so cruel. Smokers are suppose to get equal treatment in sin city. Poor cancer lungs all by themselves in the cage :(
5	Red Rock Bingo--where I was introduced to bingo...and got hooked! My first visit to Red Rock Bingo was a few years ago with my sister and cousins. At first I thought they were a bunch of dorks...seriously bingo? I thought that's something I'd get into when I retire. Boy was I wrong... Bingo is a serious sport! Who knew there were other ways of bingo-ing--other than the single bingo line and blackout?!? There's hardway bingo, four corners, blocks of 6..etc. It makes things a bit more interesting! Sessions here are VERY reasonable. They have different levels 1, 2, etc which can equal up to more winnings at the end. Be careful when you're at the cashier, they are smart people and ask you if you'd want to "add an extra $1" for certain games. By the time your done at the cashier, the $5 level 1 card turns into additional pull tabs, progressive games =$15+. It can add up. *Tips* -Don't forget to bring your own dauber. If not they sell it for $1 -DRINKS! You're allowed 2 complimentary drinks during each session (alcoholic beverages, hot chocolate, water, etc). Be nice and tip them for their hard work :) -They call numbers really quick here...so always be on your toes.
4	I use to go here,when they were not so busy, now everyone is hooked on Bingo,, so the winning is scarce,lol... Unless you happen to buy BIG and/or very lucky...I like that they separate the smokers in a enclosed glass cage, as i get enough smoke from the main casino area playing slots, when I mingle between the bingo sessions.. Actually this is one of the first location I attempted to play Bingo, and boy has it changed when I played it only on paper and the cash prizes are a lot more than just blue payout.. 9am get your free donut and complimentary drinks- like bottle water,coffee,tea, hot chocolate, soda ,beer,wine and other alcoholic drinks too. (don't forget to tip the bar waitress).. The bingo staff are pretty nice, unless you get loud, or if they think you sound loud, they will tell you, guilty as charged...ha ha...Bingo can now be played only on paper,which is limited as you can only play what you can keep up with the caller,and/or get more action(faces/cards) to compete in an electronic bingo device stationary and/or portable..It is a nice way to relax the feet and try to win a few $,plus they allow you to bring in your own food and/or food from food court, just be sure to throw away your garbage when done....
1	Is zero stars an option?? I could go on all day with how pissed off I was when I left here, but heres the short version...Never played Bingo in a formal setting before. Checked all of Vegas, decided RR would be perfect. Got there an hour early, played blackjack, roulette, etc... Get to the Bingo Hall, get ID'd. Show them my NY license (Which earlier in the day was hole punched by DMV, literally, that day). Was told my NY license was not valid (It was not expired, mind you) Was asked for the piece of paper that DMV gave me for identification purposes.  I didn;t drive there, it was in my car. Told them that the piece of paper was strictly for law enforcement in the case that I got pulled over. Was denied by some old woman who clearly didn't understand what the hell I was saying, or what the law is for that matter. I wanted to poke her in the eye with my $1 magic marker that i just bought. I left. When I got home, found the paper. On the top it says "THIS IS NOT TO BE USED FOR IDENTIFICATION PURPOSES"LADY, YOUR AN ASSHOLE.
5	There are many reasons why I like to get my bingo on at Red Rock more so than any other casino:(1) It's clean!  The bingo hall is clean and so is the private restroom inside of the bingo area.(2) Limited weirdos.  Although there are a few photo-worthy troll doll-sporting blue hairs, for the most part, everyone looks way too normal for a bingo hall.(3) Two free drinks per session, but if you tip the bar lady nicely, she will bring drinks out to you during the session and even give you a few extra.(4) You get a discount with your Rewards card(5) Smokers are shoved into a little box where they are forced to breath in second hand smoke throughout the game and glare at all the non-smokers who can sit close to the restrooms.(6) It's at the Red Rock and RR is awesome.
5	This is the only place I've ever played bingo at but it's spacious, clean, at a cool property and the minimum buy in is $5. So to me you get an hour's worth of entertainment, 2 drinks and like 12 bingo games for $5- how much cheaper can a night out in Vegas get? I had read on VegasChatter about how surprisingly fun bingo was and decided to give it a try. People still tease me about being a little old lady when I say I like to go play bingo. But if you go to the night sessions over the weekend the place is hoppin' and gets full of mostly young to middle aged, normal looking people.Coming here about once a month is enough for me but I always have fun and look forward to winning someday, even if it's only $20, just to be able to say that I HAD won at least once :) oh and paper definitely over machines, you would interact more with a slot machine than watching the damn screen do everything for you for an hour. Plus it costs a lot more.I'll admit it was really intimidating going for the first time; as another reviewer said it is "not newbie friendly," so we kind of had to figure things out on our on. It's not that complicated though and we do the minimal buy in, the point is just to play some simple bingo for me :)
5	I've been enjoying playing Bingo at Red Rock.  It is very organized, the staff there are very friendly, they remember us and are very welcoming.  The facility is clean, the beverage area is very organized and the whole experience is very pleasant.
5	the best bingo room in town!! i love all the people who work there!! they are so friendly and remember my mom and me every time we go!! such a fun hour of entertainment =) couldn't ask for any more!!
5	This BINGO place is awesome!!! CLEAN & NEW LOOKING!They have their own restrooms in here along with a snack bar/beverage bar! AND they have a huge room for smokers! The workers at the counter are nice and patient if you are a beginner and don't know what the hell you are doing! I like to get the level 4 paper cards (for around $20) because I think it's more fun doing it manually but that shiettt gets stress-full especially after a couple drinks! So if you're not really into focusing on the game I suggest getting the little computer thing! They really stress on people not being too loud so everyone can hear the numbers and concentrate so please don't go if you're going to disturb the peace and be obnoxious. People take their BINGO very seriously haha HOT TIP: Don't forget to bring CASH~!!! This is gambling after all!!!
5	The first time someone said "let's go play bingo" it sounded like a fun idea.  We went to Palace Station and were always being "shhhhs-ed" even though we were in our own little corner away from everyone just having normal conversation with a few laughs.I come to Red Rock the next time and MAN is this place nice!  They have a very high ceiling and open room with a glass box for all of the smokers.  Another perk is the room isn't to far away from the parking garage making it an easy in/out.  Just like other Stations, you receive two drinks with your card, which isn't a bad deal especially since I get the cheapest bunch for about $8.The staff here is also very friendly, they are smiling even when it's busy.  I remember in the middle of a game I stood up to hail a friend who just walked in and realized that could be a single for bingo.  One of the woman came up with the microphone and pretended to call me out in front of everyone and then started laughing!  That's when i knew I would never come back to Palace Station!This room gets packed so get there a little early so you don't miss the start of the game.!
5	I love playing Bingo here! The staff is very friendly and the room is always spotless.Two tan card games with all the extra games cost us $30. Tan is the highest level, so you get paid more for your winnings. You also get two free drinks per person. Hot chocolate (delicious), beer, juice, or soda.Bingo games run throughout the day at each odd hour, ending at 11pm.
4	I'm a new fan of Bingo.I'm a fan of this Bingo Room at Red Rock Casino. My cousin came to visit, and for some reason I was in the mood to play Bingo.  I have never played it in a casino.  The last time I did play was in 8th grade with the whole school.  I guess I forgot how stressful it can be.  I don't know how the little old ladies do it.  I had my stampers and looking at 6 sets of squares as the numbers were yelled out (really fast, in my opinion) was quite stressful.  I didn't win one game, but I am sure that is because I missed a number here and there.  But, for $10 it is an hour well spent.  My cousin and I laughed the entire time because we were so serious about the game.  If you have never played, it is very easy to learn, and the people at the cashier desk are super helpful.  We opted to play both methods- stamping the cards and the automatic machine.  Because we were so focused on the stamping the card, we didn't take advantage of the free drinks.  But, if you want to just hang out- get the automatic machine and let it do the thinking for you.  This venue is great because not only is it huge, but the smokers are corralled into a separate room, so you can actually breathe easy while you play. Although I didn't have a chance to yell out "BINGO" it was still a ton of fun and I can't wait to return.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 48/100*
5	Bingo is not just for old ladies, people!  This place is probably the most fun I've had gambling at a casino in the 7 years I've lived here.First off, it's CASH ONLY, so you better get some scrilla.  I always just get the cheapest thing there: a level 1 paper game and a jumbo progressive.  It'll cost you $5 for an hour of entertainment.  PLUS, you get two drinks included (which can be alcohol if you like, but I have to say their hot chocolate is pretty bombtastic).  Hello!  Fun and 2 drinks for $5??  You tell me where you can get a better deal!You can get a computer which literally does all the work for you (it sings when you get a BINGO), but that's more expensive and lazy!  Me....I like to daub, daub, daub.  It keeps me involved in the game and gets my blood pumping.  The great thing about Bingo is it's not just 5 in a row.  There are multiple games they play like postage stamp, hardway, double bingo, triple bingo, and cover all.  It really keeps you on your toes.  In fact, if I was an old person, I'd probably play Bingo every day to keep my mind active and alert.  Put that in a PSA and quote me, Red Rock.I've never won, but I still enjoy it!  I went with a friend once who won $250 and my neighbor won $11,000!!!!  Yes, I wrote ELEVEN THOUSAND.I'm telling you, best $5 you'll ever spend.
5	About a month and a half ago I started playing Bingo with my friends at some of the station Casinos.  What started as a "Sure I'll play, why not?" has turned into a weekly session?  I've only played Bingo at two Casinos here in Vegas, but the Red Rock Bingo Room is definitely my favorite. And yea...we are usually the youngest group in the room when we play, but it is still fun!This Bingo Room is huge and it has a separate areas for smoking and on smoking which I think is a wonderful perk.  Now compared to the other station casino I have been too, Red Rock feels significantly nicer.  They have nice tables where groups can sit together, good lighting, and large bingo board so you can double check that you didn't miss any numbers.  Games run every two hours and you have tons of options of what you want to play. I defiantly recommend arriving 15-20 minutes early so you can get your cards because there is often a line.  I'm a newbie so I just play the six cards on paper with two one dollar bonus rounds (my total comes out to $7), but if you want to go fancy you can get the larger 12 card paper pack or the electronic bingo machines.  Also don't forget your dabber (the bingo markers), but in case you do they have them for a dollar in a vending machine in the back in a variety of colors.For the bingo drinkers out there, I recommend heading over to the bar as soon as you get your cards.  You can get two drinks, alcoholic or non-alcoholic, at a time before you get started dabbing away.  Just a warning though once the numbers start getting called you can't get drinks from the bar.  If you miss the early drink window or you don't want to risk missing the first game, you can always wait for a cocktail waitress to come around for orders.  Overall, give it a try!  You know you are intrigued!
5	As far as bingo goes lol I am a noob. Although I did play bingo in elementary school this is nothing like it. It is fast paced and you usually play more than one card. It's really fun tho so if you have never done it, I recommend you check it out. It's a great hangout with friends :) my friends and I go almost every week. Not to this one every time but occasionally. :)
5	Love this bingo place! They have a smoking and non-smoking section so I don't breathe in the smelly smoke. All the people that work here are super nice and they will explain the game to you if needed. Plenty of seating and complimentary drinks. I think at the 730am session they give away free doughnuts. Already won twice here woohooo. Plus its located in the cool and hip Red Rock Casino, unlike the other station casinos which.. aren't. lol.
5	BINGO!!!
3	Do you like to play Bingo?  Well, you can't do it on the strip or you can't do it downtown.  As soon as you get off the strip, you can find a number of Bingo Halls.  Red Rock's Bingo is one of the better ones.  It is modern, clean and offers electronic boards to make your bingo experience a fun and less stressful one.  The nicest thing is that they make a smoker area so you don't have to breathe their nasty second hand smoke.  Make sure you check the times they are playing and have a more relaxing gambling experience.
3	The last time I played Bingo was when I was a teen in Ohio hanging with my friend and her mom. Her mom had the trolls and lineup of bingo "cards" on newsprint, and bingo markers. She was as serious as the old ladies in the room, but after observing the strange rituals I was bored after a few rounds. Bingo here is a whole new level. The same older players (along with a bunch of younger ones), but a very Vegas experience. The bingo caller, or whatever, looked like she was ready for a press conference, with the professional sound equipment.  The numbers appear on electronic boards high on the walls.  I sat at the bingo machine. You get a packet, enter the number from your receipt, then sit back as the caller calls out everyone's numbers but yours. A young woman won 17,000.00 and another won $1000 or more. There were a smattering of $5 to $15 winners. I found the process slow and...unengaging? Distant? The machines made me feel useless.  Maybe I'd enjoy using the papers. The setup was uncomfortable, with little knee room, and the caller was slow as molasses, too, and having a single person circle the room to verify all the winners left looooong gaps between some rounds. I'd have to be retired and bored to come here again. It's a cool looking room, though.
5	I found my new favorite bingo parlor in Las Vegas at Red Rock Casino. The bingo room is very clean, spacious, and very classy compared to other bingo parlors I've been too and smokers get to sit in a glass room which makes you feel like you're in VIP.....After playing bingo here I never wanted to go anywhere else my first night playing here I bingo 2x even on the 2nd day I just felt lucky here. Too bad my vacay ended and now back in the 808 Can't wait to return shot out to my favorite bingo caller "Dee" Malo Suga
3	I've never played bingo before but my friends mom asked us to tag along so we gave it a shot and I gotta say it was a lot of fun.  We went all out and got the video machine and the paper cards.  The video machine does all the work for you on the digital cards while you are daubing away on the paper cards... you could win on either.  Because we did both it costs us $25 each for an hour of fun. And it came with 2 free drinks. Definitely come early because the line is long and you need time to get your cards. Then get your drinks and find a place to sit before they start.I only gave 3 stars because the staff was not very helpful for someone who had never been before if we didn't have our friends mom with us we would have been totally lost!
4	TLDR: better wine here; friendly attendants; good crowd; casinos-wide progressive game; nonsmoking room availableStation casino bingo is better than most, although the game never reaches one hour's time. The rooms are separated based on smoking status and there are several seats. The alcohol status is getting better. I frequent the 11 o'clock game and the attendant (unfortunately) doesn't card me anymore. I usually get white zin or corona. Not all the properties have the same wine so oenophile beware. Better get your two drinks before the game starts. The bingo attendants are pretty consistent. Friendly smiles (more friendly if you're a regular they remember) and professional service. I've only been rushed on rare instances. There will always be that one guy that has an annoying voice, is extra fast, and really wants to go home ASAP. Be warned at the bald guy at 11pm! Daubers at the ready!
5	This is my favorite place to go play bingo, super clean, very spacious, very nice sociable staff, and just overall Red Rock Casino is really nice. My family and I aren't much gamblers... But when we go, we okay bingo. When my friends ask me why bingo? I say coz your pay out odds are much higher than playing slots! I've seen numerous times people hit and win big at bingo! Cashball included!! My mom is the lucky bingo player so she's always itching to go. Why this is my favorite bingo hall is because it has it own enclosed area for smokers! It super spacious so you're not ever feeling like you're crowded and cramped. Whenever you play bingo you get two free drinks. That's standard in any bingo hall in the valley. But I think the cleanliness of the whole place just makes me feel more confident and comfortable playing here. Inside and outside of the bingo room. The staff is super nice and friendly and week nights like Tuesday Wednesday Thursday are our nights! Go luck and happy gambling
4	My husband And I hadn't played in years, so long it was before the machines came out and it was just paper. We had a great time. Spent 100 dollars for an hours chance to win money. The place is nice clean and people were nice. Great way to pass some time.
