5	Great ice cream, super cute store, extremely CLEAN! The ice cream is good, service is always great, and the location is fun (although a little out of the way). The prices are reasonable. I would rather support a locally owned business and pay more than McDonald's prices and less than Cold Stone prices. If you haven't been, and plan on visiting in the Summer, bring suits for the kids. There is a nice little splash area right next to a big playground. Karen's Kreamery is located in a big park/sports facility. There is also a medium sized skate park. We usually make it a fun outing out it. My family loves this place!! Support local businesses!!!
5	Never been to Karen's Kreamery, here or at the old location. I was lucky enough to try their products at the Surprise Stadium during a ball game. I was actually in line next to their booth waiting on a order I placed. I over heard some lady asking for a lemonade, she received a frozen lemonade instead. She was complaining this is not what she ordered. So I took it off her hand. Three frozen lemonades later, I am sold!! Family and I are planning to visit Karen's Kreamery in the near future. Can't wait!!!
5	Well! I found them!! Hard to find since they are located in a park! Neat idea with all the skate board kids. But looks hard for the public to locate.  But well worth it, frozen lemonade!! Enough Said!!!
5	I like Karen's Kreamery.  I made it a place to go when it was located in Surprise for the Gelato.  Inexpensive for great ice cream.  Great that they took up shop at the skate park, I assume they get more business at the new location. Guess I'm going to have to learn to skateboard to have an excuse to visit the park for ice cream.:)
5	I just learned that our favorite ice cream parlor is closing this weekend!!! I'm extremely sad and disappointed to see this happen. My children love stopping in every Tuesday and Thursday to get a treat. Plus, Karen's Kreamery is a rare business in the West Valley. It's one of the only places that reminds me of my own childhood neighborhood corner store where I bought ice cream, candy and chips. I'm going really miss having Karen's Kreamery.
