4	Whenever I travel I try to hit local breweries or brew pubs to check out what they make. This is fine it's an easy to find location, but when all you have is an address and this location is hidden inside the Venetian, it's not so easy to find. Thankfully I called and spoke with Mandy. She told me exactly how to find them once I was inside the Venetian. It's a small venue, a bar with maybe a dozen stools. There is a small gift shop area next to the bar. They had a selection of hard liquor and a tapper system with their four standard beers and a rotating seasonal. If you like sitting at a bar in a mall like atmosphere, you'll love this. If you are looking for something a little bit more private or intimate, this is not the location for you. As Sin City is not available in my area, I was looking forward to trying some of their brews. The three I tried was the seasonal Imperial Czech Pilsner, the Weisse and the Stout. The Imperial Czech Pilsner was not enjoyable, and I love pilsners. It had a scent of wheat and malts with a hint of hops like a pils should. Unlike most pils, it was very hoppy. The flavor was mostly of floral hops and it had a perfume like taste to it. The finish was very bitter and lingered on the tongue. The Weisse was okay. It had a good Banana and clove scent that carried over into the flavor where it was enhanced with a cereal malt accent. There was a mild hoppy finish to it. Overall it wasn't a great Weisse, but it was better than okay. The Stout was pretty good. You could easily pick up the strong scent of coffee malts complimented with a hint of mocha. The flavor was mostly the roasted coffee malts and a touch of floral hops. There was a touch of chocolate malt to it, but it almost tasted like an extract that was added. They do their own version of the Irish Car bomb with this stout that is pretty good.Overall the beer was okay, I really can't comment on the others as that after three beers my taste buds are fried and my pallet has a hard time discerning between the different flavors. Honestly, I would not go out of my way for the beer, but if I was in the neighborhood, yea I'd grab one as they are still better than the mass produced beers you find out there. The reason I gave this place 4 stars is because of the service. Mandy was absolutely fantastic in her knowledge of the beers and the different styles. I heard her explain what a weisse was to multiple customers as they came up. She took good care of my wife and me and even made a special drink for us after the beers she called the Mandilicious that was good... even if it contained no beer at all.
3	This was a fun drop by and taste test. At first I wasn't sure what it was b/c it seems so out of place, but hey it got us. So it was in the right place! :) The girl was super excited about the brews they had to offer. For it just being her serving she kicked butt serving considering the group of people there...the concept of this little spot was pretty cool.I'm not a beer fan at all, but it was cool to try. If you like beer then check it out. It's just a little walk up bar with a handful of stools. Just grab and go or sit and chill...
4	We popped in while wandering around in the Venetian/Palazzo.  Kelli took good care of us while there.  The only beer I liked was their stout.  If you buy a pint glass you get a beer at a 50% discount, so that was cool.  Wish there was an easy way to get an empty growler home - I may have to try Kelli's suggestion for getting one shipped to me.
4	So I ended up losing all my cash on the slots. and without any tipping money for cocktails, I ended up going to Sin City Brewing Co. I've passed by this place many times during my stays at the Venetian, but it never ocurred to me try it until last night. I had a couple of their weisse beers and some shots of patron. Tab came up to $24. Not too bad. It's a nice place to have a few drinks and meet some people. Normally I'd give it 3 stars, but I'm giving it 4 because the bartender that was working on this particular night (if I remember correctly, her name was Katie) was really nice, down-to-earth and chatting it up with all her customers. It made me forget about gambling my money away and provided some entertaining moments.
3	if i was just reviewing the beer i would give it 2 stars but the bartender was very cool. but since im from san diego where beer is part of our culture the beer is very mediocre at best. cool name and logo.
4	one whole day trip from LAX to West Rim of Grand Canyons to Vegas, we thought we still have energy to enjoy the strip but ended up feeling exhausted after a good dinner. looking for a bar inside Planet Hollywood, we ended up in this place and i tell you, 2 shots of Jack Daniels and 2 rounds of beer gave us a good relaxing moment chatting with the people around and the bar girlBTW - i was at this place last May 2012, just forgot to Yelp it :-)
5	This is a beer rating only as I took it to go.-----This is the Venetian location-  We had finished dinner in the canal shops and wanted to get some beers to bring back to the room.  I remembered seeing Sin City Brewing Co by the elevators on my numerous trips to Vegas but never stopped by the small location to check it our.  Honestly I never even thought of trying beers from a tiny little bar that only serves their own beers.  Shame on me!  Myself and my wife love a good stout and I have to say Sin City makes on of the best stouts I've had....seriously it's fantastic!  We ended up buying their big jug full of stout to bring upstairs.  I will return for more black gold on my next trip.  I wish they sold this stuff in stores!
4	When hearing about Sin City Brewing Co. - I will admit that (from the name) I imagined it to be a coffee shop. Upon Googling it - I learned it was a microbrewery and spent the next 45 minutes searching the company website in order to ascertain if the establishment served non-alcoholic beverages...or even if they served anything other than beer.I had to wait to get to the establishment (ahead of the business acquaintance that had suggested meeting there) to ask the (very nice) bartender if they served any other types of drinks. I was told that the frozen drinks did not contain alcohol and that, in addition, they had selections of various juices and bottled water.When I met up with my business associate - we obtained water (for me) and Lipton Green Tea (for him). We had our drinks and conversation outside, in a comfortable environment.I removed a star from my review because the Sin City Brewing Co. website really should indicate what items are available in their establishments.I DID NOT drink the beer - so my rating in no way is reflective of the quality of the beer, one way - or another.
4	Interesting small little bars in a couple of the malls in Vegas. They're all serving up tasty brews - I recommend you try the pale ale and the darker stout personally.
4	While visiting Vegas, my husband and I wanted to try some local beers, so Sin City Brewing Co was an obvious choice. We stopped by the stand at the Venetian a few times. It was really convenient, since he could grab a beer to drink while I did some shopping. The actual stand is quite small, with less than 10 seats at the bar. But the bartender was friendly and attentive. We stopped by on a Sunday and she was more than willing to turn either of their 2 TVs to any sporting event we wanted to watch.Although they only have 5 or 6 choices for beer, they're all fairly decent. The Stout was not one of the better stouts I've had, but the Amber was good and the IPA was decent. My husband got a Black & Tan, which they made with their Stout and their Amber and they went together quite well. In regards to any complaints about the plastic cups, I thought it was nice that we could grab a beer and keep wandering around the Strip. And Sin City isn't the cheapest beer, but it's not that much more expensive than the boring domestics you can buy anywhere else on the Strip.Sin City Brewing Co is definitely worth trying if you're a beer-lover and you're on the Strip. They might not have anything that will blow you away, but it's really good local beer.
5	Great place and great beer. Best part was our wonderful bartender Kelly, super sweet and made it very inviting!
3	I need to write more beer reviews. I've home brewed, gone to many beer festivals and continue to seek out breweries wherever I go... even in Vegas. It took a bit of time to find Sin City Brewing. I was a little thrown off when we found it's just a small niche in the mall caves of Venetian Vegas. We grabbed a bar stool and were instantly greeted and offered beer, score! The server was very cute and friendly as I always hope they are. Browns, Stouts and Reds are mu go-to beers . I had the stout first and it was not really memorable, but still a decent choice. My favorite was the Red as it was true to form and comforting. We ended up not staying long but clearly everyone was into the swag for sale. The shirts, hats, ect were flying off the shelf as we relaxed with our beers. The service was consistent and made sure we were always taken care of.
4	The last time I was in Vegas I was just walking through the casino when this place caught my eye. It said the HH beers were only $7.50 for a small pitcher. This is a great place to get beer for cheap! 48 oz. of your choice of beer for $7.50. Where else can you get that on the strip? They have 4 beers to choose from: Hefewizen, light, amber lager, and an Irish dry stout. I believe the amber is the highest alcohol concentration so if you're just trying to get drunk, then get the amber. Cheers!
4	Really cool bar maiden. Local brew pub. It's not pdx. But, local brew pub !
5	samples a few of the beers all amazing. but the Amber was a shot stopper. one sip and i knew it was the beer for me. i got sick of buying the plastic cups beers by the third day of walking all over the strip and stopping at all the locations.BEST IDEA OF THE TRIP.-buy a growler of Amber, insert straw and drink away. way better then the fruity sugar margaritas everywhere. the growler was $20 filled and i think 15 for  refill i wish i did this on the first day.
3	The beers at all of the locations of this Vegas Original are rather Ho Hum, however they are perfect for the clientle they cater too. This site in particular is grabbing that mall crowd, and the late night clubbers who stop in for a brew prior to hitting the clubs. The people watching is excellent as well, and the staff are just awesome!!!The Heffe is by far the best Beer offered, it is very true to style and is quite refreshing.
4	this brewery is located in the shopping area next to planet hollywood. I think miracle mile. anyways is is very small, just like a store front with bar stools. tourist busy shopping behind you as you enjoy your beer. and i did enjoy it. the ipa was great as was the amber and the irish dry stout. the bartender was very helpful, she gave us samples and helped us with our questions about any other close breweries. i bought awesome tank top and two pint glasses and 4 beers, for $60. that is a great price for being on the strip. clean, friendly, helpful, and wont clean out the bank account! oh yeah great beer also! next time im on the strip i will be stopping in again.
3	Stopped in for a late nightcap at the Flamingo...and had a pretty decent time.  This is serviceable beer for being in Vegas and the price.  I'm a beer snob, have drank tons of different beer styles, visit breweries at every chance and used to homebrew.  This is prretty much like any other brewpub that brews and sells their own beer on premises, it's going to be a notch or two above commercial lagers and they'll have the same four of five styles.  It was fun though chilling and playing video poker and I love their logo for sure.  I had an amber and my lady had the heffe and we can't complain.
5	A must if your anywhere around the Flamingo. Happy Hour is from 9a-9p! The 2 for 10 drinks are strong! Good music , great place to chill or pregame. Oh and super nice patio chairs!
3	I have previously visited the Sin City Brewing in the Flamingo and I think that one is better.  This location in the Venetian isn't in as good of a spot.  I also thought the service at the Flamingo location was better, the girl helping us here was off putting.  The beers of course are the same and I guess that's what really matters but if you want a better atmosphere go to the Flamingo location instead.  The beers are ok, kinda of similar to other Nevada beers, being more on the light side.
4	The location in the Ventian is just allright.  It is a very small bar in the mall.  However the beers are delicious!!  Tried them all, favorite was the wheat and second favorite was the amber.  They both pack a serious punch and very delicious.  The bartender was incredibly friendly and helpful.
4	The first impression was bad.  The bartender stood in the corner and yapped away at a bunch of friends or something and pretty much only came over to pour beer.  The light lager was tasteless, but then again, I guess it's not exactly false advertising.  They had an amber lager that was also light but had more taste.  The IPA was "British style" which means it doesn't go overboard with the hops.  Not bad but served too cold.  But the longer we stayed, the bartender finally warmed up to us and started joking around.  Maybe she's just used to tourists who come for the drink and leave.  I don't know, a couple dudes walk up to a bar with a hot bartender, I think you have to believe they're not there for the alcohol alone.  Vegas is wierd.  Either the bar has this old crusty dude who's polite but not really friendly, or it has these really hot female bartenders, nothing in between, no old ladies, no young dudes.  Like WTF?  The beers are only $6 which is pretty cheap as far as a bar on the strip is concerned.  It has a TV so you can watch games.  It's a small place, but then again, you get more bartender attention.  Advice: just stick around and she'll warm up to you, then she'll make you laugh.  FYI, Sin City is a local brewer that makes their brew in Vegas.
2	I should just say up front that I'm not a Vegas Strip kind of gal.  But there was a brewery right off of the Flamingo habitat, so we felt obligated to check it out despite it's location within the Flamingo casino.Sin City adheres to Reinheitsgebot, or the German Purity Law, for their beers.  While I respect that, it doesn't make for very exciting brews.  They only have five beers, so we tried their IPA and Oktoberfest.  Served in plastic cubs, we found out after they were poured that they were buy-one-get-one-free.  Beers were $7 each, which isn't great, but with the bogo they were $3.50 each, which is pretty good.  But we didn't want two of each beer.  So I'm not sure we came out ahead, really.The IPA was mildly interesting; it was slightly hopping, a little fruity, but without the bitterness.  The Oktoberfest tasted like a textbook Oktoberfest.  The crowd was decidedly Vegas (fake boobs, obnoxious drunks, loud music, etc) and the beer was only alright.  I don't anticipate ordering/buying their beer if I ran into it, and I definitely wouldn't make a trip back here, but it was okay.
2	If this is the brewing company that represents Vegas, then that really is a "sin". This only the second time I have left tasters and not bothered to purchase a pint at any brewery/ craft brew place I have been to. I can be picky (not THAT picky) but this place tasted like refined homebrew kits. I got a tasting flight of 4 in late October at The Flamingo. My flight (I posted a picture) was:Oktoberfest: Also classified as their Amber.  Just gross, a bit metallic and too many hops for an Oktoberfest. I like this style beer and this one looked really good (nice head, pretty color), but tasted gross. Don't bother. Weisse: It's wheaty. And absolutely plain. If you like your toast dry and steaks well done, then try this one.  The only one of the 4 I could manage to drink the taster of. Stout: The only thing that saved this was being on the nitro tap. It made the texture really nice. Had it been carbonated, I would have probably spit it out. IPA: I notoriously dislike IPA's, but I always taste them. I didn't expect to like this one, but expected it to be hoppy. This had virtually no smell. Like, nothing. It also tasted barely bitter. I may have been exposed to some crazy beers due to the area I live in being notorious for hop heavy hitters, but this fell so short of beer that I didn't finish it either. Craft beer is hard to find on The Strip save for a few places (like restaurants at Aria and themed pubs). I give this place credit for trying to compete at all where giant plastic Bud Light bottles dominate. That's what kept them from being a 1 star review. The bartender was crap and had his foot up on the sink the whole time, allowing me a great view of the crotch of his pants and also being unsanitary. He didn't seem to give a crap about the beers and didn't take time to tell me anything about them. So service is less than stellar on a Thursday night.
4	It's soooo difficult to find some goooooood draft beers in vegas. Everywhere we went, they had a horrible selection on draft- bud light, fat tire, blue moon, etc. When I found Sin City Brewing Co, my bf and I were so EXCITED!! This place is a little hard to find since it is tucked in the corner of the Venetian. When we finally found this place, we were a little bummed to see that they only had 5 different beers on draft. This place is really small. It's a small bar counter with no more than 10 seats. The selection was slim, but we went for our usual IPA.The IPA was very under-welming. It wasn't bad, but it was very boring to drink. They pour the beer in plastic cups which really took away from the quality as well. But hey, it's VEGAS! This place is super chill and it kind of feels like you're at your friend's house party drinking cheap beer out of red cups. Not the best beer, but it definitely beets drinking a Corona! Thank you Sin City Brewing Co for quenching my thirst for an IPA!
2	Located inside Miracle Mile this place offers friendly service and the beer comes to you quick...the beer however is not the best...I'd say try a different brewery
4	I am not on the strip enough to be a regular here but I like the beer, service and location of this one much better than the Flamingo location.
3	I had the IPA, it was good. worth coming here for a beer if you are in the building. Service was very good. I got a very nice shirt too.
4	Good people, good beers, what else do you need? I tried each of their brews and reallly enjoyed 3 out of the 5, but the atmosphere was so good that it was totally worth 4 stars. If your a craft beer enthusiast you have to try this place.
4	Landed in LAS, first thing I needed was a drink in a low-key bar. Our bartender was friendly and eclectic. She gave us samples of the beer before we committed and provided us with good conversation.Sin City Brewing has a good enough selection for a tiny little shop in the middle of the Miracle Mile.
4	I have been a semi regular patron of the Sin City beer brand since summer 2008.  My usual hang out is the location inside the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops.  That is still my go to but the location inside the Venetian is a good one too.  This is where I was last night pregaming before heading off to a dinner event at the Linq.   I met two new bartenders (new to me), Jen and Lauren.  They were great.  They were attentive and friendly.  Aside from the always friendly bartenders, whether veterans or rookies at Sin City, the beeer is also a good reason to come in.  I usually get the hefeweissen with no fruit.  It has enough flavor on its own.  Some weisse beers are heavy on the banana notes.  Some are heavy with clove.  Sin City has a nice balance that tends to lean towards the clove end.  Delicious.  Sometimes, depending on the season, I'll get the stout.   It is dark, heavy and toasty.  A perfect drink for a winters day.  I love the beer here and some of their clothing and other merchandise is pretty good too.  I believe I am up to a hat, a shot glass and a pint glass of my own.  I have been coming in every few months for the better part of five years now and I will be continuing that tradition for a while longer because I really do like this place.
5	A visit to Sin City Brewery is a must - try the Octoberfest!  Great staff there - thanks Joe!  Make sure you check out brand new location right on strip!!!!!
5	Love this location.... Joey is the best and so friendly. Love the beer and love that you can walk right out with your beer if your wanting one on the go!  Can't wait to see you next time we visit Sin City :)
5	I guess this is one of those hidden treasures. I came to Venetian cause im working on a project and thanks to the granite guy for being so late I ended up trying out the SinCity Beers. The Bartender is awesome. Nice to talk to and look at specially getting buzzed =]Anyways I asked to give me the best ones she has and informed me that they have Locally Brewed beer. I was like whaaaa!! Lets just say the next time I come back, Ill try the DarkSIdeofSIN and most likely drink my new crush Amber!!!
3	This place was alright. A nice change from the usual imports. The bartender was very knowledgable of Vegas and beers. Very enjoyable time
4	I would love to fill you in on more then one kind of their beers but I found what I liked right off the bat, and after 6 of then I was not interested trying a different one.What I can tell you is that there Irish dry Stout was awesome and so was Rachel the bar tender. My little tip is to buy a glass/mug. If you buy one they will fill it once for free. In all it will coast you a dollar extra but you get to keep the glass. This was a great spot to hang out and next time I am in Vegas, I will go back.
5	Was in Vegas again and had to return!  Joe and Rich are great!  Missed out on the double IPA but did enjoy the amber!!  Great glassware and some nice shirt options.  Located in the front of Planet Hollywood!  BTW Packer fans -- this is a Packer friendly bar!  I'll be back ... soon.
1	I'm a local in Vegas as well as a union bartender on the strip and like to find new bars to drink at with my out of towners. Came across this bar and though the beer selection was great the bartender was NOT! Her name is Jen. She has a shaved head and an interesting style to say the least. She hardly gave us the time of day especially when what looked like her regulars where there. She wasn't personable nor willing to interact with us! I will never return to her negative unfriendly bar ever again! Telling all my locals to never go there if she is there! To top it off I called to make a complaint and apparently she is the manager! She really needs a reality check!
5	Local brewery that has gteat beers and great customer service. Servers are friendly and the beers are fresh. A nice British IPA, my favoriten the amber ale reminds me of Yeunginling. Enjoy the weisse beer now, and its surprisingly balanced. Sample when you can!
5	Loved this tiny respite in the crazy of the big grand Venetian.  The beer is yummy, enjoyed the amber and stout especially, the location is easy and the staff is friendly and fun.  Stop in!
3	Conveniently located at the bottom of the Elevators of the Venetian Tower.   You can quickly grab a beer on your way out.  I tried a few of their beers.  all are okay.  I feel like there are better craft brewers in the area.  Bar tender was great.  Friendly and chatty.
