4	Montreal is a super bike friendly city and after being there for one day, I couldn't wait to rent one and explore the city.  I love that the city has bike paths and so many cyclists.  We were easily able to walk from our Latin Quarter hotel to Ca Roule to rent our bikes. The staff was super friendly and informative (fluent English and French speakers). They gave us routes all over the city to take.  We took the 30 mile route along the St. Laurent River and stopped by the Atwater Market for lunch. Each bike comes with a front pouch with a bike repair kit, a lock, map and an extra strap if you have a bag.    Rental is $30 a day and it goes to 8pm at night (we got there at 2:00pm and it was $25). Only complaint is: I wish it was cheaper and I didn't get a super heavy beach bike for the price, but I think that's the going rate in montreal. The pay per use bixi bikes all over Montreal were way more expensive. They offer a tour, but the map self-tour was pretty straight forward and easy to do.
5	I love cities which are cycle friendly. For all the cyclists out there who plan on making a trip to Montreal during summer, this is definitely a stop to make. Bikes are rented by the hour, with a maximum charge of $30/day. We took the city tour, which actually worked out quite well. The tour inclusive of the rental was $40pp, and you could keep the bike for the entire day. So, effectively, we paid $10 for the tour. The tour was excellent. We started in old-Montreal (at Vieux Montreal) and made our way up to the base of Mont Royale, back through McGill and back to our starting point. The tour lasted 3 hours, and we had plenty of stops. At no point were we cycling more than 15 minutes continuously, and the terrain wasn't overly hilly. We cycled about 13 kilometers (~8 miles), but really didn't feel tired. The tour guide, Carol, was very good, and was able to keep the entire group engaged. Learned quite a bit about the city, but was thrilled that I was able to cycle rather than do a passive tour like sitting on a bus. The staff inside the shop were very friendly and were very willing to help you out.  The cycles themselves are pretty decent and they have a pouch for you to keep your wallet/phone.  For larger items, you can store them inside the shop itself.After the tour, they provided us with locks so we could take the bikes for the whole day. Plus, they gave us maps that we could follow to venture out on our own. There are plenty of places to cycle without problems. We ended up cycling along the Lachine canal and stopping by the Atwater market for Lunch.
1	We just took a cycling vacation to Montreal. What a wonderful city. So much to do, so much to see, so much to sample. And, so bike friendly.We planned to ride both the Tour la Nuit (a night ride) and the Tour de I'lle (the largest single cycling event in the world- about 30,000 cyclists) and we needed bikes. So, we rented a tandem from Ca Roule (which looked good on the website) for the la Nuit tour and rented mountain bikes from My Bicyclette for the I'lle ride.  Our rental choices were planned more for our off-the-bike site seeing itinerary than anything else.Others have recommended Ca Roule, but I can't do that. Aside from its location (beautiful Old Montreal) dealing with Ca Roule was a disappointing experience. First, it apparently caters exclusively to tourists (red flag anyone?). Then the tandem we got was poorly maintained (it had a frayed derailleur cable and half way to the hotel, started skipping gears). But we rode la Nuit anyway. The next day, after returning this junker, the 'colleague' who checked us in added an extra fee he explained as an additional 'tax' (of 20%) to our bill. My advice? Skip Ca Roule, take the Metro to Lionel-Groulx station, walk a few blocks past Atwater Market, across the blue foot bridge, turn right and rent from Dave (the owner and a biker) at My Bicyclette. Then check out beautiful, friendly Montreal on a GOOD bike.
5	Super cool and friendly bike shop right on the water near some of Montreal's great bike trails.  This place was recommended to us by our hotel concierge so we went and were able to get everything we needed.  My husband wanted a touring bike and while his was a little bit more money, I think it was definitely worth it.  I got the regular hybrid bike and wished i had gotten a touring one so I could keep up with him!  Rental includes helmets, bike lock, and cycling maps.  We actually ended up going on a 3 hour/30 mile bike ride all around Montreal -- along the water, over bridges, through the city, we went EVERYWHERE!  It was a wonderful way to see the city and I am so glad we did it.
5	We wanted to see Montreal from a different respective & this was a great way! We had superb weather,which made it even better. The bikes were good & even when I had a flat the store had a new bike to me in 15 min &i didn't miss a thing. Bruno our guide was very knowledgeable and gave us a sorts of extra info to enjoy Montreal. They give you the helmet & lock so you can keep the bike for a few more hours after your tour. We went on the Architecture" tour, so we went along all the waterways, over bridges,through different neighborhoods I would never have gotten too otherwise. This is a must do! Worth the money.
5	This place not only rents bikes out to tourists, but they also do repairs!My boyfriend and I had a great experience here,.  After a not-so-swell experience at Cycle Technique we took our bikes for a ride down the Lachine Canal to the Old Port, only to find my boyfriend's back tire was flat (it had just been "changed" during a "tune-up" at Cycle Technique).  Luckily, we were right outside of a Ca Roule.  We brought it in and within 20 minutes the tire had been removed and tiny metal spokes that were stuck in the rim had been pulled out one by one, and the old tube was replaced.  The charge?  $13 for service and $10 for the new tube.A+ for us.
5	"Ca Roule" - for the non-Frenchified pronounced, "sah- (r)ool(h)"-  was a great find and budget-wise was great for the pockets as well.  There was one of many options of renting a super-comfortable ride (plush leather bottoms anyone?) but here are just 2 we considered:1. Bike Tour: average price ~ $45 with tour guide and likely accompaniment of several annonymous tourists (good way to meet new people!), 4 hour trip total.  They have set times that they leave so plan accordingly.2. Half-day rental: For the weekdays, only cost $20 which was a great deal and what we ended up choosing.  They provided a self-guided map and my friend and I ended up riding to/from Atwater Market for lunch, the Grand Prix stadium (which also has a beaautiful garden, a must see), and crossing the big bridge over the St.Laurent river (great view).   All in all was a 4 hour trip, easy ride, probably covered at least 10 miles.Best way to travel in Montreal, do as the Canadians do!
4	Truly is the best deal in town.  You get a guided tour for 4 hours.  With a snack and you can take the bike afterwards to explore until they close for the day.I looked at SEVERAL tours and this one truly offered the best deal.  Be sure to book at least a week in advance thoughWell worth it, a good workout, and a fun experience.I am lacking one star because my boyfriend and I took the tour that takes you through Old Montreal a few other neighborhoods and you get a bagel at one of the famous bakeries.The tour was lovely but I think we would have preferred a tour that offered more history about Montreal.  I am a bit of nerd in that way.  Give me all the facts you can.  And I feel like I received about half of what I could have concerning Montreal History or even Canada history.BUT we did see ALOT of the city and places I would have never found.  And we had the famous Montreal Bagel which was absolutely delicious and worth it.  I should have bought some more!If you are planning a trip to Montreal I would say do the Bike Tour the first day as an intro to the city and it will be ever so helpful in exposing other cool places for you to check out.They say the ride is easy.  And it definitely is for those who are healthy.  But it is 4hours.  And then we enjoyed about 2.5more hours of riding.  So stretch a little bit and have lots of water.
5	Bruno De La Jeunesse...this guide was amazing, so knowledgable and friendly! The bike tour included a surprise stop for Montreal bagels and because he grew up in Montreal ended up giving us great suggestions for restaurants to try and places to see.We haven't gone wrong we tried all the places he suggested!Thank you Bruno and thank you Ca Roule for the opportunity to explore Montreal in a great way...the ability to keep the bikes after the tour was wonderful! Keep up the great customer service!
4	I've done two tours with this company, one was excellent and the other was on the better side of 'okay'... the tour guide was late, she got us lost, but all in all, she was informative.
5	Montreal is an excellent city for biking - we rode over 20 miles and we're super impressed by the bike trail system and the parks. We started on the Canal path and loved the scenery - and the lunch at Atwater Market.Ca Roule is located perfectly on the major bike trail so you can jump right on and head in various directions. The service staff was excellent - super friendly and VERY informative about where to bike, turns not to miss, and suggestions for where to lunch and grab extra water. Helmets and locks were included in our rental (apparently there's a significant issue with bike theft in Montreal), so I thought the rental rates were very reasonable. There are two pubs right next door - so perfect for after biking.
5	One of my favorite ways to explore a city is via bike. So when we found ourselves with a  free day to spend biking through the city I was excited to take advantage of it. Looking through several options for guided bike tours, Ca Roule Montreal's tours seemed by far the best. However, to be a bit more adventurous i thought it would be fun to rent bikes and do a self guided tour. I placed the reservations online a day in advance and was pleasantly surprised to find that the bikes were ready to go for us by the time we arrived in the morning. I couldn't decide between exploring the city's neighborhoods vs biking the Canal bike path that hits right next to Ca Roule, so decided to do both!First, we biked up to Le Plateu-Mount Royal neighborhood for some famous Montreal bagels at St Viateur. After breakfast, kept going north exploring various parks embedded into the Mile End/Le Plateu neighborhoods until reaching Jean Talon market. This was a good place to stop for some refreshments . After exploring Mount Royal a bit more, biked over to Westmont to see some of the beautiful homes in the area. Then headed over to Canal path, past Atwood Market (which was closed by this time since its was getting late), and took the path all the way back to Ca Roule to return the bikes. Since it was sunset by this time, it was great to see some really scenic views of Montreal biking back.All in all, i thought the self guided route was a good way for a Montreal first timer to explore a wonderfully bike friendly city. The whole path was probably about 25-30 miles. Thanks to Ca Roule for the quick service and reasonable rental prices.
5	We did the 9:30 am bike tour of Montreal with CA Roule and had agreat time! Michelin was a great tour guide.  And as others have mentioned, after the tour, you can keep the bikes until they close, and they'll give you a bike lock, so you can ride all around Montreal, and stop at places, etc.  After tour we kept the bikes and rode to the Atwater Market and had lunch, then rode the Lachine canal out and then came back by the rapids.  It was great!
5	One of the highlights of the trip to Montreal. Our tour guide Pam was wonderful and very knowledgeable about the city and history. Highest recomendation
5	Ca Roule Montreal's bike tour was one of the best parts of our trip. Pam was an amazing and engaging guide, she knew a lot of really fun facts about the city and never failed to explain a lot of the more unique things about Montreal. The tour lasted four hours, it ran a bit late, but honestly I could have just kept going. The bike tour is a great way of orienting yourself in a new city and also helps out with the dreaded vacation pounds.
4	If you want to get out and see Montreal in a different way, this is a great way to do it. The bike rental rates are super affordable. We originally rented a tandem, then couldn't ride it, took it back and they gave us two single bikes for the same price. In an hour and a half, we rode along the Lachine, over the bridge to Jean-Drapeau and Ile-Ste-Helene and back. A really gorgeous trip because the colours of the leaves were changing. Super relaxing and a good way to get out and see things in the city without falling into the tourist traps in the old town. A must if you're in Montreal visiting from spring to fall (the J-D bike trail isn't open after early November).
