2	My only gripe w/ this location is how ghetto and old their cash registers are.  I feel like I am in the 80's in a bad way and feel like I'm gonna have to carry my groceries out in paper bags w/ no handle on them.  It's worth driving to the one on Tropicana just to use the self checkout registers.
2	Honestly, I am not sure how this Smith's stays in business when there is a much nicer, cleaner, more plentiful Smith's just a mile away on Tropicana and Jones. I usually frequent the Trop & Jones location, but this one was on our way home from another errand last night so we stopped to pick up a few essentials. As the other Yelper's have mentioned, this location is very very dated. The cash registers are old style, but the staff is friendly so that makes up for a bit of it. The wife and I are veg, so we do a lot of our shopping on the perimeter of the store. What I first noticed was that the produce section here was not nearly as big or as well stocked as the next nearest Smiths. They had your standard produce, but were out of a lot of stuff (strawberries, grapes, etc). They also only had a small selection of apple varieties, which is unfortunate. There was also a very small stock of organic and natural foods, especially when compared against both the nearest other Smith's and Albertson's. The store is a bit smaller, and a bit messier than other stores, which I chalk up to age. I will say, the staff here was very friendly and very helpful, which is always a nice bonus at a grocery store. This will continue to be an only as needed grocery stop.
2	Well since I used to live across from this place I always came here... but theres a BEAUTIFUL newer one just on Trop. It has shiz you need, and then some. I dont have a car so they would allow me to take the cart home when I had waters and such (ghetto, I KNOW!) But shooooot you gotta do whatchu gotta do!I did go there one night at like 7:59 and he beezy at the counter wouldnt make me a money order because she said the computer automattically closes down at 8pm... Her drawer was alwaready counted and the pc was already shut down BEFORE 8! Shes lucky I didnt get all ghetto on her gringa ace! Anyway, dont come here... go to the one on Trop!
1	I made a horrible decision to have lunch here! I left my lunch at home and was short on time so I decided to check out the selection at the deli in smith's. I was thinking sandwich but my eyes said mmm fried rice, orange chicken and egg rolls. Lets give it a shot!!I ordered up there 6 dollar lunch special, 1 entree and 2 side items thinking that's going to be a good amount of food for lunch. (Panda Express In Mind) I was wrong boy was I wrong. The lady literately counted the amount of pieces of chicken she put on my plate. 8 to be exact and then added a small scoop of fried rice that wouldn't even fill my 6 year old belly! and I chose an egg roll. Mind you I was short on time and wanted a quick meal I figured what the crap, its food and went with it. She handed me my plate and I began to hand her my money and she says. Oh sorry I do not have a register here you have to go to the check out counter. Wait what are you serious! The check out stand that people are buying there grocery's! I quickly headed over there to find no self check outs. So much for a quick lunch!!Now, I should have realized this while I was waiting in line but the food was cold! My clear top was all steamy so in my hurry up mind it must have been warm, nope When I walked back to work sat in the back and picked up my egg roll and much to my surprise the thing was cold. I mean pulled out of the refrigerator cold. Thank God we have a microwave!!! The food wasn't bad but I would have been better off going to the sushi bar a few doors down and spent relatively the same amount of money for a warm fast terriki bowl!! So lesson learned, when your in a pinch for time go for the sandwich. (oh by the way which are ready made and packaged, no fresh ones made here.)
2	The only reason I shop here is that it's close by to where I live and on my way home from work.This place does have very friendly staff. Check out and deli especially.But this location is really bad due to the fact that they keep very old product on the shelf. Plus there is handfuls of products I buy on a regular or semi regular basis that they don't carry.I really wish this was stocked better.
3	This location is only ok.  Its right around the corner from my house, but, so is the location on trop and jones...and I like that one better.This location is a little ghetto for me, but they almost always have what I'm looking for, food wise. They also have a lady who works with the meat/seafood who is AWESOME.  She always remembers my roommates and I, even when we haven't been there in a few months...we saw her the other say for the first time in a while, and she said "Where have YOU guys been?!"  It was pretty cool.Friendly staff, and pretty clean...just a little run down.
1	This store is down right Stinky! The smell I endured on my last and final visit was enough to make me run and stick my face in a bowl of rotten eggs to mask it. This store is very old and is in need of a serious remodel or just do me a favor and close it so I don't have a moment of insanity and walk up in here again! The surrounding location is bad as they always have an employee standing at the door to prevent thefts and grab and run thieves. Their food is not fresh, I bought a bag of chips o' hoy chocolate chip cookies and they were months expired and hard as a rock. I never really thought about checking expiration dates since I guess I was safe in assuming the store was on top of that. Boy was I wrong. When I returned them to the store so I could issue my complaint the clerk acted as if this was a common occurrence. Wowzers!Also they had a major frozen dinner sale awhile back to clear out almost expired and some questionable items. That frozen section smelled rank and I was just offended and insulted at the same time!The only redeeming factor is that the staff is friendly as they do have a good crew. I just don't have that "Oh it smells so clean and fresh let's buy groceries feeling" when here. Instead it makes me want to flip a B and leave thankful that I have a shower at my house. It makes me thankful for having a working toilet. It makes me thankful for having a washing machine. It makes me thankful for that cute little rose pink bar of soap on my bathroom sink. I have put myself through misery for the last MFG time!
1	update: this store location has closed.  good riddens!
