2	This place isn't a that great.  Sure, they have a beer special after 9 p.m. but no one goes here for drinks.  They're burgers are terrible.  The drinks are okay, but considering the price, they aren't that good.  I hear the salads are good since I never tried them myself.  The service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average.  I would advice just going to Chili's across the street.
3	I ate here cause it was New Years eve and I needed a place to eat quick to energize myself before a night of heavy partying. They had some $1 beer specials and the mini burgers and fries were not too bad . This place is just too dark and dingy though. I would give it  2 1/2 stars.
1	this another place that i would give no stars to if possible. it's been on the corner of mill and university for as long as i can remember, which is impressive since nothing older than ten years has been able to withstand the rent increases, and even more impressive because i don't know a single person who goes there.i went in there one time, for drinks and walked past one of the foulest salad bars I've ever seen. for some reason, it's right by the door. instead of walking in to see a hostess stand you walk right into this brown mess of vegetables.after seeing that first off, i wouldn't dream of ordering food here. the place is also dark and dirty and there's never anyone inside of it.seriously, I'm really curious how this place survives. awesome little neighborhood wing and live music joints like long Wong's get torn down for high rise condos, yet gross, ghost town ruby Tuesdays hangs on the corner of main and main of Tempe. what is wrong with the world?
3	Aretha Franklin was right:  Chains are for fools.   Ruby Tuesday's has always sort've blown me away when it comes to how hard they try to not be a TGI Fridays clone but yet still fail miserably.   The food at Ruby Tuesday's is predictably average with service that varies from piss-poor to pretty darned good.Most recently I enjoyed the Ruby's Minis (sliders) at the bar and the wife enjoyed a broccoli and cheese soup and the salad bar.   The soup was salty and not great but the salad bar and sliders were  yummy.   Plus, they have dos XX lager (not amber) on tap which is a rare and tasty find!Hooray for Tuesdays on a Monday..errr..or something.
3	Living in Southern California, sometimes and somehow and for whatever reason I see television ads for Ruby Tuesday.  The commercials make it look like a high end burger joint and make the food look mmmmmm so good.  But the thing is.....I don't know of a Ruby Tuesday in Southern California!!!!!  arghhhhhhSo when I ended up in Arizona for my Ironman, we of course walked up and down the strip (Mills Rd) where all the college kids hang out.  We were there for a few days and so we wanted to check some places out...and lo and behold we see a Ruby Tuesday!  Because of the Ironman event the whole town was packed with tourists, families and athletes.  Ruby was not to be outdone and it too was packed.    Once inside I realized it's more along the lines of a Chili's, TGIF type of place....ummm yeah....but since it was our first time it was cool.  Ordered a pasta dish which was good...I mean we scarfed our food down.  The strawberry lemonade was good here too.  I did come here a 2nd time before we left, so I could try their steak.  Ummm yeah it's not a great steak joint haha...I mean its edible and I did eat all of my steak...but its not some fancy place they make it out to be on TV.  :PService was average....If I was in town...i'd perhaps come in one more time just because we don't have it in California
3	It'd been years since I'd been to a Ruby Tuesday's before last month. And since then I've been three or four times. Is it that good? No, not really. I mean, it's not bad, not as bad you probably think it is, anyway. But it ain't great. So why do I keep going back? That's a good question. Because it's not cheap, either. Probably because it's close to work.I've been making my way through their seafood options lately. The jumbo lump crab burger - it's crab cakes on a bun. That's probably some kind of no-no on somebody's lo-carb diet. Fried shrimp, grilled creole shrimp, shrimp scampi... tried 'em all, and they're all the same - not that good, but not bad. An incredibly solid three stars.Oh, and they've got a veggie burger, which technically pushes them up to 3.5 stars, but I'm not in the rounding up kind of mood today.
2	I wasn't a very big fan of Ruby Tuesday's, but I am still sad to see it closed, just another Mill Ave memory. The salad bar was sub par at best, but they did have decent turkey burgers. They had really cheap drinks for happy hour, but the atmosphere in the place was so crappy it wasn't worth chugging them down there. I'm surprised Ruby held on as long as she did on Mill.
1	I saw their commercial and looked at the menu online.  It looked decent enough.  Total meal was $50.00 for three people and the food was AWFUL. My daughter's burger was dry, my steak was oily and greasy and my wife's spaghetti squash had a nasty sauce.  My wife also had the salad bar and she said that was bad too.  The little muffins they serve you were the best part of the meal.  I eat out quite a bit and love places like Chipotle, Salt Cellar, Vincitorios, Flemmings and many others but this place is terrible.  I'm just hoping I don't get sick this evening.  You've been warned.
