5	I came in with a friend last week since its been a very long time. Oh Fredericks..how I have missed you!I have about 6 of their corsets and love them. They are very well made. So I decided to try on some of their bras.The sales lady was awesome. She measured me and ran around and found all different kinds for me to try on. She even found a few that were on sale.She took such good care of us when we were there. And she was very helpful. I cant wait to come back again...hopefully she will be working since she was awesome.
5	My husband is coming home from Afghanistan so I though it would be nice to provide him with a little somethin' somethin' for his return.  Went in and was pleasantly surprised to see what the had on sale.  The panties were 6 for $20 (better than VS) and I got a super nice bra for $14.  Even my special outfit was decently priced.  The staff were very attentive and ready to help me with anything I needed. They were getting ready to close but I didnt feel pressured to leave.  The attendant helped me in the dressing room, got me the correct sizes, ans held my products for me with pleasure.  It is so nice to feel comfortable in such an intimate setting(in my opinion).  I have never been to a Fredericks that wasn't friendly.  I love this store ans the ladies at this location were great.
5	My wife and I stumbled apon Fredrick's just as they were locking up. The two attendants kindly allowed us in with no pressure or urgency to hurry and leave.  Samantha assisted us and she was great. My wife purchased two very sexy items. We were thanked and kindly escorted to entrance where Samantha wished us a good evening. Phenomenal customer service goes a long way for a business's reputation and sales. Fredrick ' s employs two phenomenal ladies. Maybe a raise is in order for these two ladies? I sure gotta rise later that evening! And we just might have a new addition to our family! I love ya honey!  Happy 1 year anniversary! And thank YOU Fredrick's.
5	My intimidation of entering the store alone (and worrying I would look like a creepy guy) was soon eliminated by two things:1) Knowing that my girlfriend would look absolutely amazing in whatever I bought her2)  The helpfulness of the employees in finding the right sizes and guiding me through the buying process.I thought the selection was great (you can go as mild to wild as your taste's allow) and prices reasonable.  Looking at their website, they even have a bigger selection online.  Definitely will be a returning shopper (see above for reference to amazing girlfriend)
5	Stopped in looking for a new (cute) maternity / nursing bra which, apparently, they don't carry... not to worry, not a deal breaker, what's the next best thing??  Knowledgeable employee directed me to try on a few different styles, one of which TOTALLY worked out!!  I got the best of both worlds, haha... a low coverage, black lace over beige satin?, corset style that's both cute & comfortable as well as offers the ablity to pull down (or tuck) the cup if baby needs to nurse.  I've had to do that with other non-nursing bras, but since I bought some amazing nursing bras, I completely forgot about that little trick, hah!Great experience, thanks to a creative thinking employee.
