5	I went to see Dr. Duffy at Greenapple Chiropractic back in January for a chronic pain that had baffled specialists for almost 6 years. Within a few visits, there was very noticeable relief.I have taken the rest of my sports pains over the course of the year to Dr. Duffy while training for my first half marathon.I have found him to be very knowledgeable in a variety of healing techniques. This is not your average back-cracker. He employees cold laser therapy, active release and a few other things.He can seem a little rushed at times and you may have to wait beyond your appointment time because he has so many clients, but it has always been worth it as he will give his best explanation for the pain as well as how he is going to work to heal and how to prevent it. Don't take his rushed nature as him not caring. He sees pain as a challenge to solve and will work at it until he does. He is also very conversational and remembers his patients despite the volume of them.I have yet to come in with something that Duffy cannot provide relief for in a session or two and I get a lot of seemingly weird injuries. If he is ever out sick or for some other reason, instead of bailing on your pain, he will get you in to see Clay or Dr. Greenapple who are both very competent and don't miss a beat.Anytime I get a pain or injury, Dr. Duffy is now my first stop.
5	When you work or workout too hard, this is the place to go in Charlotte. Whether it's a chronic aching back or a small muscle tear in your shoulder from overuse (ahem, me), I fully recommend visiting Dr. Evan Kahn. I snagged his card at Ultimate Crossfit (the gym where I work out) as I couldn't really move my shoulder too much. Oh, and it hurt like hell. The ladies at the counter greeted my happily on the phone, scheduled my appointment and greeted me again when I walked through the door. The ladies also looked into my insurance to pull more details of how many sessions are covered, co-pay/deductible amounts, etc. That I really appreciate! I also think it's awesome that when one of the ladies answers the phone she says, "Greenapple Sports & Wellness, I can help you!" The office is nice, conveniently located and super clean. Dr. Kahn assessed my injury started treatment that same day and after a few sessions I'm on my way to a normal, functioning shoulder. As other reviewers have stated, whatever kind of injury you have, it's definitely worth a visit to these guys. They're honest, helpful, to the point and trustworthy - exactly what I want out of any doctor!
5	I moved to Charlotte and ignored finding a chiropractor as its hard to find dr's you love again in a new city!  Life forced me to find one as I was so stressed out taking an exam, one day I couldn't move my neck and my back was all jacked.  I went to Dr. Kane in Ft. Mill... not impressed. He wanted to agressively adjust me while I was hurt.I like the more gental chiropractors who use a variety of techniques. I was referred to Dr. Kahn by the super kind Sonia Styker...she said he was more along the lines of who I was looking for. I believe our back issues stem from a variety of things that need to be addressed.I've been seeing Dr. Kahn for a few months and he is very personable and an excellent chiropractor. I always leave feeling better and in a few weeks, back to normal!Strongly recommend Green Apple and Dr. Kahn!
