1	Urgent should be taken out of this name.
5	This was the 3rd time I have used this Urgent Care and I'm sorry I have not written a positive review earlier.   This center is excellent! 2 times were for myself, 1 for what turned out to be bronchitis, 1 for a sinus infection.  Both of those times, I waited too long to call my PCP, and when I was too sick to work, I was unable to get an immediate an appointment with my PCP.   The staff at the center was very quick, very friendly, and being able to fill my prescriptions right there was a blessing!   The waiting room is big, very clean, with free wifi to make the wait (which was short for me) pleasant.  Last night was truly urgent as my 16 yr old son had a bad cut that needed stitches.  I avoid ERs as much as possible  so I was very pleased to find that they handled the laceration with expertise & kindness.  Dr. Tao Messinger & the male nurse kept my son laughing and comfortable during the whole process.  The whole wait time, exam, stitches and discharge took about and hour and a half. That is amazingly quick!   I strongly recommend this particular Urgent Care.
5	Love this place. Much less of a wait time than the doctor's office and much more inexpensive than the hospital. I wouldn't suggest walking in though. There may be a wait. They have a WAHOO option (Wait At Home Or Office). You call in, tell them why you need to get in and they call you back when there's a room available. This way you can wait in the comfort of your own home. Also a good way of preventing germs in the waiting room.
1	I have been been here 3 or 4 times previously. Staff is always nice, waiting area and exam rooms are always clean.  However, wait times are always about twice what I am told upon arrival. Today, I was sent home from work because I felt and sounded terrible. I stopped off at this urgent care at about 8:10 am.  As usual, the wait was endless. A few people got up and left. Then, BAM! A gentleman who had also been waiting to see a doctor comes out of the back and announces there is no doctor there. Several of us still waiting went up to the receptionist and got it out of him that the doctor was on her way from Tempe. This is after I had waited an hour and a half. I was told it would be about another 45 mins until she arrived. Needless to say, most of the rest of us waiting formed an angry mob and stormed out of there. I will NEVER go back there and will make sure my friends and family know that this place was not honest with me when I went in seeking care.
5	This was my first time coming here, but it was very clean, the staff was friendly and there wasn't much of a wait. They will even fill your prescription here for a $15 copay so you don't have to go to the pharmacy.
5	Devin was great and efficient. I love that they fill prescriptions here as well.
1	I visited this urgent care in July of 2014 for dehydration.  I was seen by a PA who spoke broken English and did not come off as very knowledgeable.  I asked for a saline IV drip and the PA agreed.  She spent about 20 minutes trying to tap a vein and could not even do that simple task.  At this point I seriously questioned her ability to take proper care of me and decided to leave.  Of course, a month later I was slapped with a $250 bill for the visit even though the I received no care whatsoever.  I would not recommend this urgent care for anything beyond a prescription fill.
1	If I could rate zero stars I would! Brought my daughter here to be seen this morning. No one was in the waiting room and no one was at the front desk.   I stood at the front desk for 10 mins. No one ever came out to help us despite me loudly saying "hello". I could hear them in the back just chatting and laughing away.  I will never visit this place again and I will share my experience with others!
5	This is my second time here .both times I have been happy with the service .the facility is clean and the physican assistant is knowledgable . I would return again !
