3	I guess I have a high standard when it comes to pet food stores.  I came in this establishment a couple of times.  Once to look for my brand of dog food and the second to pick up some higher end cat food than was being sold at the Giant Eagle down the street.  The first thing that greets you when you enter this place is the smell.  They sell birds and fish here and you can tell right away.  It seems to be a mom and pop store and as such I want to be supportive...  They sell three brands of pet food here for dogs and cats Wellness, Royal, and Nutro.  They also sell a small selection of toys and treats but most of the store is dedicated to fish and birds.  It also could use a bit of a cleaning, the cans that I bought were dusty...The prices were a bit higher than what I was used to pay in Seattle but I rolled with it.  I give this place three stars because the guy who runs it was nice and helpful after I was able to get his attention.  Due to convenience I will probably return but it has a ways to go before I give it four stars.
3	I really have mixed feelings about this place. It is definitely the closest and most convenient pet store in the Squirrel Hill area. They have a fairly good selection of supplies for how small the store is. They also sell plants both the type that go in fish tanks and the type that go in a windowsill. That being said, the store is quite crowded and a bit difficult to move through. The emphasis of the store is definitely fish, then birds, then rodents and reptiles. The positive of the store was once the owner came out he seemed friendly, and knew his stuff fairly well as he has been in the business for a long time. He was even able to recommend products for my wife's red eared slider. It is a local business and fairly competitively priced. They sell animals in that store that I did not even know were legal. Who buys an American alligator? The negatives were DO NOT TOUCH THE GLASS or point closely at any fish. There are some extremely aggressive fish in that store than will try to attack through the glass. Even if the fish attacks just as you walk buy the owner will yell at you for provoking it. Some of the tanks clearly say do not touch, but do not touch any of them. I touched the glass of an unlabeled tank to point at a fish and was yelled at. Also, I must say I was traumatized at this store. When I walked past the recently born corn snakes there was a baby mouse / rat in the cage (still hairless, pink, and blind) and the snake was trying to eat it. The little guy did his best to escape, but really had no chance. It was horrifying, but I could not seem to look away. It took the snake several minutes to eat this still alive baby tail first, so the baby was alive and trying to escape the whole time. As a person who has raised gerbils and hamsters this was very traumatizing!
4	I'm not in my 'hood when I get a call from home that there's been a major "accident" left by Fido on the living room rug and can I please stop at a pet store and pick up some Natures Miracle? My phone shows I'm not too far away from Alan's Pet Shop. Walking in is a bit overwhelming, it seems like the pet supplies and plants are about to spill out of the little cave-like Mom & Pop shop. It's humid and smells like pets which after a moments reflection you realize, that's a good thing! I got my bearings and help (from Alan himself, perhaps? He seemed owner-ish.) I found my carpet cleaner, albeit a little dusty. I even had 3 sizes to choose from. And when I looked up the product later on Amazon, the price was not greatly inflated as I expected. Overall I got a friendly neighborhood vibe.
