5	This shop has almost all art supplies you may need. They also have a student discount which is always a bonus. All the stock is very good quality and hence comes with a slightly higher price than you may find say in a supermarket. Keep your eyes peeled for notices for various art classes and art exhibitions. They have a big selection of Japanese marker pens which I never seem to be able to find anywhere. This particular store is larger than it's sister next to Greyfriar's Graveyard in Old Town. The shopkeeper is lovely and chatty. A great place to quench your artistic thirst for any art supplies.
3	I'm not exactly a budding professional artist but even I have a good time in Greyfriars Art Shop.Situated right by Greyfriar's Church, the Art Shop is in a great central location. Feeling like its aimed at the art student (it is near the art college after all) the shop is practical and professional selling genuine tools of the trade. It's a small and sometimes crowded shop but with a decent selection of goods considering. Prices however are quite high but so is the quality.Expect to find paint, pencils, a selection of arts and craft materials as well as glitter, paper, card and anything else you could want for making homemade Christmas cards!The owners know what they are talking about (which you won't find in Tesco's stationary department) and can offer advice. It also offers a handy student discount. Charming gift vouchers are available too.A nice and practical art store, if not a little too crowded and a touch expensive at times.
4	I'm no artist. Ok, no, that's an understatement. When it comes to drawing, I stick to stick figures. And I do that badly, too. This doesn't, however, mean I don't aspire or fantasize. I sometimes buy myself pretty pens and pretty paper (I'm a letter-writer) and I have a strange obsession with gold paint. I went through a period of pathetically imitating King Midas, without the tragedy, that is. I found a payphone in a bin and painted it gold. Just because. Anyway, Greyfriar's Art Shop has all of the above (the pens, the paper, the gold paint). Of course, it has more than just gold paint. They have bronze, too! And all the other colours real artists use. But, in any case, I come from a family of artists, and so this shop is always one I have to take my family to play at. And I do mean play. So, if you're on a search for art supplies (good quality art supplies) and happen to know a student kicking about Edinburgh (you're bound to find one: we multiply like the plague), then fill up here.
4	Are you 'etching' to do some art? Then Greyfriars is the place for you.  I went into Greyfriars Art Store looking for a birthday present for a creative friend, but without knowing the first thing about art supplies. The shop assistant, Jenny, was very helpful and did not mind my asking for advice on different materials, in fact she was very knowledgeable without being condescending. It turns out there are a lot of different supplies!The shop sells everything an artist could need, from paints to charcoals, pencils to pens, canvases and all sorts of paper. She gave me a few different options, after steering me away from my initial idea of charcoal (he'll already have it) we agreed on ink pencils, which to be honest were something I never knew existed. Mainly because of their patience and expertise, Greyfriars is to be commended, especially if you are a beginner or if you are buying for someone else, but also more than adequate for the accomplished artist. From my perspective, the shop made a great impression.
4	So Betty Edwards tell us that anyone can draw, especially if you read her book "Drawing on the right side of the brain". As someone who grew up in the art world, I've had my fair share of dabbling, but never really did anything with a purpose, so discovering this book has dedicated me to learn to draw, for real. I popped in to Greyfriars at lunch today with a list from the book. Acetate, graphite pencils, erasers, mounting board, crocodile clips and some paper. The owner of the shop was all too happy to oblige and they stocked everything I needed.The rest of the store is full of oils, watercolours, pastels, you name it, they have it. If you're serious about learning to draw, grab Betty's book and head on down to Greyfriars. The shop is a little small so it makes it difficult to browse, but I get the feeling this is one of those old school stores where you actually speak to the shop owner and tell them what you need.Price wise, a little on the expensive side, however if you're a student you get a whopping 20% off.
