5	We have been patronizing this place for about 10 years now and never had a bad experience! We go at least 3 times a month, so it's not luck at all.Generous portions, consistent flavor and ingredients along with fast service are the reason why we keep going back.Highly recommend the shrimp fried rice, war wonton soup and crab puffs.
4	Good Food and Service Reasonable prices will go again
5	Amazing food! Great prices! Love this place!
5	This place is awesome!  I have eaten at lots of Chinese places and this place is great and reasonable.
3	I decided to try this place located as you leave Casa Grande on the main thruway. When I entered a sign said seat yourself and we'll be with you soon. A lot of the tables were clutter with the dishes of previous diners so there were few places to sit. There were several people at the front of the room ordering take away. In fact, the take away line lasted the whole time u was there. Seems the locals know where they can get a good deal!  I noticed that two large groups came in while I was here in an otherwise empty dining room which was ready to receive them having just cleared most of the tables that moments ago were littered. Perhaps this was what normally happens here ? Big groups and spread out so that the family running this business new not hire extra staff. Staffing seemed minimal but service was adequate.   My food was average. Nothing horrid nor fantastic. Just ok. I will say that the membrane of the wontons in the soup was the kind I like best...thin versus thick dumpling . I prefer some thinner noodles in soup than they had but their broth was ok.  This night they were out of shrimp rolls and did not know before I ordered and waited eagerly for it.  Their fried rice was ok in that they put plenty of egg and just enough soy to make it light brown. The shrimp were large in the rice also. If you dine in, you can get a free refill of soft drinks and they did this without solicitation from me.  I think this place is good for families and baseball teams and such. Not a date night place unless you are taking it out to one romantic destination. I would come back to try their honey chicken which seemed a bi hit with the groups on this night.
3	I must admit the outside of this place is a little scary but it's a legit hole-in-the-wall Chinese Restaurant. The service is "poor to okay" but the food is very good considering the price and the portion. My entire party ate off the lunch menu in which everything was about $5 but most of us had leftovers because the portions were so huge. I had the three meat delight-spicy and was pleased. The other people in my party had everything from fried rice to Orange Chicken, to that Moo Goo stuff and weren't disappointed. When in Casa Grande I'll certainly remember to stop by if I'm hankering for Chinese.
3	This has always been a good spot for Chinese food.  The prices are moderate and the portions are always huge!  The food is always flavorful and just plan good.  Now for the "however".  However, this last time was a big disappointment.  We ordered egg rolls and egg drop soup as an appetizer, both were barely warm.  We both ordered the Phoenix Dragon (Breaded shrimp, chicken and beef with mixed vegetables in a sweet and spicy sauce) with fried rice.  The last few times we ordered this it was very good.  This time it was eye-buldging, tongue sticking to the roof of your mouth, sickeningly sweet and not spicy at all.  It tasted like something Willy Wonka would make.  We could see the red pepper flakes but they were overwhelmed by the sweetness of the sauce.  The rice was under cooked by a long shot and was still a little crunchy.  This was just not a good visit and it will probably be a long time before we go back.
2	This place has great prices and huge servings. These would be good things if the food wasn't so awful. It's some of the most bland Chinese food I've ever had. However if you're on a budget and want a lot of food this might be a good option. Just don't expect any thing more than sub par Chinese food
4	Better than Big Wa. . .Not a bad recipe and its actually has alot of flavor. . .Fried rice kinda needs some vegetables, but that's alright.  Healthier with the steam rice.
4	Three visits and only one sub-par experience. Went for lunch once and dinner two times. Our first lunch experience was interesting. Food was great, portions big, wonderful value for all that you get. The only thing I didn't like the first go round was that plates were left on empty tables for what I consider an extreme amount of time 15-25 minutes, and service wasn't excellent. Luckily all our subsequent visits have been great and the service has not been an issue. I order Four Seasons and I love it. Nothing in the dish is over-cooked which is hard to believe as it has shrimp, pork, chicken, and beef. Hubby orders fried food such as orange/ lemon chicken/ pork which is good as well.
4	Is this the best Chinese food I have ever had? No. Does it cost $75  plate for dinner? No. Is it the best Chinese food in Casa Grande? Quite Possibly. Is it a great value? YES!!! This is slightly above average Chinese food with a much higher than average amount of whatever protein you ordered included in the dish. You will actually recognize sizeable chunks of chicken and beef in your stir-fried dishes. The dishes are somewhat heavy on the sweet and on cornstarch quite often, but you are paying fast-food prices for fresh cooked entrees. Definitely one of the best lunch specials in town, but all of their prices are very reasonable. If you are looking for good tasting, basic chinese food for a great price, this is your place. If you are looking for gourmet chinese food, break out your wallet and drive to Scottsdale or Orange County and discuss how your micro-plate of food pairs with an expensive wine or sake with your other snobby dinner partners...
3	I'm still not quite sure how I feel about this place. So I'm new to the area and was looking for a clear broth noodle soup. When I asked the server if he had anything like that he said they have wonton soup and I had a look of disappointment on my face, yet he was quick to recommend that the chef can make a lo mein soup and suggested a tofu seafood soup. The fact that he offered to make something off the menu deserves an extra star. It had noodles and extremely large portion but the soup was thick like egg drop soup. It didn't hit the spot to me but it tasted good. It just wasn't what I was looking for. It also looked like the server was the only one there. Poor guy, so he didn't check up on me and took awhile to get my check and billed out. So I didn't hate the place and I'm sure I'll be back to try other things.
4	Love the szechuan style dishes - they are so spicy! Just the way I like them.  I've been here three times so far and have been really pleased each time.  The service staff are also very attentive and want you to be pleased with your dinner and your experience. There are four Chinese-style restaurants in CG that I know of and I've been to three so far (including Hong Kong Kitchen. I'll keep you all posted on how the fourth goes!
