4	Mr. Submarine serves basic-duty subs. This is the kind of spot that would have been wiped out by Subway in the 80's, but they keep it going. There's no innovation, just basic subs in a couple of sizes. Choose the meat and bread, whether you want cheese, and a few things to go on top.I eat there whenever I'm in the area at lunchtime.
4	This is a great mom & pop sandwich shop that I believe is better than Subway.  For the most part, their subs are basic but the ingredients are fresh and the place is a neat hang-out.
5	Case# 25       Food of my childhoodI have been eating these subs since I was a little kid. My mom (R.I.P) used bring me here and it is one of the few childhood memories I hang on to. For those who do not know about this place as the food detective I will share a little background info from my case files to help you out. Mr. Submarine is actually a small chain that really got it's start here in the valley in the early 80's. At one time the locations stretched from the east valley to west phoenix. With increased competition from larger sub chains ( Subway, Cousins, Blimpy, and Quiznos they were forced to limit their growth and use word of mouth advertising to keep customers coming in. This resulted in store closings and now only two locations remain open. When you try and compare a place like this to say a subway which spends big time money to advertise their five dollar foot long special, or their new breakfast sandwich there is no competition. This place wins by a mile. Who needs a 5 dollar foot long that is served by some teenager who only cares about his shift ending so he can escape. No, I would rather have the owner there serving me a sandwich that he himself is going to eat for lunch. Don't give me slimy meat and dried out looking cheese. I want soft fresh bread with toppings that enhance the other components of my sandwich not cover it up! OK enough with the ranting, this place is a no frills type of place. No wraps or cookies. They offer the normal meat choices including ham, turkey, tuna and your choice of bread ( white, wheat, and sourdough).No annoying jingles or sandwich Nazis (read my subway review), just good food, made and served by someone who cares about what they are selling you.  They are open Monday through Friday 10am to 10pm and Saturday and Sunday from 10am to 8pm.They are a little more pricey than Subway but for a great sandwich and great service it is well worth the price.Case closed
4	Love this place! We have been eating here for years. Great subs, prices, service, and kids love it!
2	You would just think with a name like Mr. Submarine that this would be the place to go for a submarine.  Sad to say, I'd totally opt for Subway.The prices are reasonable but the choices are slim.  We're talking ham, turkey, Italian, that's about it.  I believe my sandwich came with the equivalent of one slice of deli meat.  If I had to pick a word to describe this place it would be lackluster.  Nothing special whatsoever.  They didn't even have any bread selection, if I remember correctly you could chose between white or wheat.  Which is the selection I had as a child, before people cared about bread.  A lazy, hungover mother could make a better sandwich for her kid to take to school in the morning... I know, because mine did all the time.  And we never called her Mr. Submarine, at least not that I can remember.
4	Solid four stars, as they are fast, friendly, and their subs are tasty!As other Yelpers have noted, the choices here are nothing thrilling or exotic. I really like the pastrami, piled nice n high with some spicy mustard and jalapanos! So good.I really like that I can stumble out of my house, walk down the block and receive the quality offerings.
5	Mr. Submarine is my go-to sub shop when it comes to comfort food.  The Pizza sub is amazing and there is nothing that compares to it in the valley.  They are a locally owned business that make you feel like old friends.
4	Very good sandwich shop. Small lil place but great sandwiches.
5	I laugh at the silly reviews. This is a mom and pop shop that has been in business a long time. Regulars like us keep the business going, and will continue to in the future. If you are complaining about the two choices of bread go to subway. If you are complaining about the ambiance, go elsewhere. This place is special to regulars and those in the know can tell you they dont have to have special breads, or a wall full of different subs to impress.Try a meatball sub, the meatballs are great. Especially on Plain WHITE bread. I dont come here for the 10 types of bread or the 50 different sandwiches. This place is old school, and that's what I love about it. Rudy and Gloria are always fantastic. I drive out of my way to eat here. I live in the SW valley to trek up to 24th St and Osborn.Support Your Local Mom and Pop Shop....!!!!!!
5	I have been coming to mr. submarine since I was a kid and the location on the west side was still open. I have since moved to California but when I come into town this is a must stop for me. the subs taste the same as they did when I was a kid. I love this place. best submarine place I have ever found!!!
2	Sub I got was mostly bread. The bread is good but they barely put any meat on it and tasted like all bread. I got the Italian It was my first time and I noticed on the menu it said double meat for $$ extra and I did not get extra meat but should have because It tasted like all bread. I don't think I will go back.
