5	We moved here from Hawaii with only a temporary place to live.  With Barbara's help we found the place of our dreams within 2 days.  She is very knowledgeable, can help you find what you want - and eliminate what you don't want.i could go on, but 5 stars says it all.
5	Barbara helped us finding a great condo rental in Las Vegas. We just moved from Canada and we didn't know anything about the local market, neighborhoods and the lease conditions.She is very professional, understands the needs of her clients and provided me the guidance to find the best option for our family. I strongly recommend her services.
5	Oh man! Can Barbara read an indecisive couple really well or what? My girlfriend and I were both looking for similar yet different things in our most recent search. I really didn't think it would end well. However, in just two meetings Barbara managed to listen to what we both wanted and find a perfect fit for us in less than a week. She was always professional, we never felt pressured, and was very responsive. I have and will continue to recommend her to anyone who needs a Realtor.
5	Absolutely wonderful experience with Barbara !  Extremely knowledgeable, competent, and helpful and never pressures.  She has the ability to make you feel as if you are her only customer.  We highly recommend Barbara. A top  notch realtor!!Grover and Marge S.
5	Barbara Twarowska is an excellent agent!  Responds very quickly to calls, texts, & emails.  She listened to my needs and found me the perfect come!  Highly recommend.  She knows the Las Vegas market very well and is highly knowledgeable in her field
5	Barbara offers the best service to any client.  Coincidentally, she became my agent while inquiring on a property.  I told her what I want and she sent me some options.  We got screwed on the deal because of the other party and Barbara was persistent in finding me something that I will be happy with and she did.  I am very familiar with the process and the most important thing about this whole process is that the agent you have has your best interest at heart and not just to make a dime! Barbara consistently through the whole process did a wonderful job in assisting me, offered a very calm energy, and always had my best interest at heart.  She was always honest and I never felt pressured or being "sold" on something.  She always informed me of all the benefits and disadvantages of all my options.  I would highly recommend her based on my wonderful experience! Thank God we still have people in the service industry that actually does that for people ... GIVE A SERVICE!
5	Thank you ;-)  Barbara Twarowska! You are an amazing realtor you listened and was very patient with me to help me find exactly what I was looking for in the area I wanted for my price range!!!
5	Barbara is a long time friend and past intern for my company and did a great helping me find a place in Las Vegas.  She was on top of her game an managed to get me a great spot near Henderson that literally was on the market for only a few hours.  Through here relationships she convinced the seller to sell to me instead of the other 10 cash buyers.  She was awesome
5	Barbara was very professional and knowledgable in finding us our dream home! After letting her know what we were looking for she found us great choices and after just a few days we found the home we were looking for! We defiantly recommend her to anyone whom is looking for a new home.
5	Courteous, professional and polite. She takes the time to call you back and make sure that your questions are answered. You can tell she enjoys what she does and respects her clients time. What more could you ask for?
5	I joined the King of Condos looking for a condo is Las Vegas.  I was promptly contacted by an agent, Barbara Twarowska.   Barbara listened to me and was extremely helpful with her suggestions.   You could definitely tell she knew her market and knew all about the Las Vegas High rises.  When me and my husband met her she was super friendly and had a great selection of condos for us! She gave us a great tour of Turnberry Towers and Turnberry Place.  We found a beautiful Condo and are really happy with our purchase.  Barbara walked us thru the process and made sure our transaction went smoothly.
5	Barbara is a great realtor she helped my girlfriend and I find a condominium. She was patient, responded quickly, and meet up with us a few times until we found the perfect place. Highly recommended
