3	This location inside the Gold Coast is really cool. The bar area has indoor/outdoor seating and flat screens everywhere you look.It's mostly boothes in the place but plenty of seating so no long wait to be  seated. There is stuff hanging on the walls everywhere from a frankenstein head to a bicycle to random signs.The new menu has smaller portions and just one side but the prices for really cheap for a casino steakhouse.I always get the Jack Daniel's Flat-iron steak cooked medium-rare and they always get it right. 1 point.I learned long ago the ribs are nothing special but the kid isn't picky so he got a 1/2 rack with side for $6!!Sweet potato fries and cajun lime shrimp skewers were right on point as Guy FIeri-would say(his face is plastered all over everything in this place)The service was a little slow and I noticed for others eating there it was a little sloppy. The table next to us had a plate full of ribs brought to their table and left-they didn't order it and when they told the  waiter he picked it up and took it across the room to the other table. GROSS!!!!!!!!I wish I could just get their Jack Daniel's sauce to go then I wouldn't have to spend $50 to get a good steak.
1	My expectations for Fridays are pretty low because it's a chain restaurant.  I don't go in expecting to have the best meal of my life.  I mainly go in expecting to not get food poisoning.  And, in reality, I guess that my expectations were met.I do, however, expect to have at least semi-decent service.  I'm not saying that you have to take my order immediately after I close my menu; however, I don't think it's an unreasonable expectation to want my Waiter to take my order during my first half hour in a restaurant.  This is especially true when it's in the middle of the afternoon on a Sunday and the restaurant is hardly at its busiest. In addition to expecting my order to arrive on time, it would also be nice if the Waiter didn't practically throw my plate of food at me.  Maybe I expect too much?  Or maybe I was just bitter because I left all my money in a slot machine outside the door?
1	TGIF sucks. So why did we come here? Because they had a really good breakfast deal for $3.99.  We had a group of 10 guys. All worn out from a bachelor party. Five of us got there first. We were quickly seated. The next 5 showed up soon after and sat down. We sat there for over 5 minutes and no server. The place was dead and there was hardly any customers. Workers were running about. Not one came to serve us. My bud asked a lady for service. With an attitude, she said she'll send someone. We wait....no one comes. We get up and leave. I guess the TGIF in LV is the same in LA. Horrible. Go to Ping Pang Pong instead for some decent Chinese food.
2	The food was just okay on a late Sunday night.  We had the sliders, chicken strips, green bean fries, and buffalo wings.  Didn't care much for the chicken strips though.  They were on the sweet side and breaded too much.  Since it's happy hour all day and night here, all of our dishes/appetizers were half off. Unfortunately our happy hour ended early.  We had a server who was rude and lifeless, not at all happy.  We never saw her smile and she was always rushing.  It really looked like she hated her job....which reflected on our dining experience.
4	Great Late Night EATS!!OPEN LATE til  3am and also serves breakfast @ 6am (Inside the Gold Coast) Very seldom is there a wait.Great happy hour specials Jack Daniels Menu is GREAT & sandwiches are good too.Service can go either way but they have tons of TV's, Load Music and a lively atmosphere.
3	we had a very decent meal here.  We went in around noon, were seated right away in a booth in the bar area.  Our waitress was very sweet, and there was constantly someone serving us, bringing us water, taking away empty plates.  So service was great.  The food was decent to as were the prices.  My bro got some healthy chicken dish, my parents both ordered the California club which came on ciabatta bread, and I ordered the cheeseburger sliders...for appetizers we got an order of nachos and spinach dip.  All the appetizers were half off, as well as my sliders.  Happy hour is all day long i believe!  my sliders were good, as were the rest of the appetizers....I didn't try anything else, oh except for the fries which were good also.  I would come here again.
4	The best place to snack at in Las Vegas is this Friday's inside Gold Coast. 1/2 price appetizers during their 24 hour happy hour. I visited this place with friends probably at least a half dozen times during out trips to Vegas. The servers were nice and recognized us on our repeat visits. Much better than the Friday's at the Orleans because of service, quantity of food and atmosphere. Recommend the Jack's Chicken Strips and Sliders.
1	My mom & dad wanted a quick meal & Noodle Exchange had a 1 hr wait.  Now I remember why I go to one of these once every 10 years or less "by force".  The servers don't seem to care & took more than a 1/2 hour to bring any drink refill despite noticing empty glasses every time they passed by the table.  It's not crowded either.    We had the ribs & shrimp, ribs, Mediterranean salad, & surf/turf.  The food is ok but I wouldn't go back by my choice.
2	This is a difficult review to write because I happen to like TGI Friday's. My husband and I started going about once a week when we lived in CA; the food and service was consistently great. However, since moving to Vegas, we have struggled to find a location that makes us happy. The location on Sahara has terrible service, in the Aliante the service is slow even when the restaurant is empty, and at Sam's Town the food was not good. So, we have taken to visiting the location at Gold Coast.So, here is the review for the TGI Fridays at the Gold Coast.  The food is inconsistent. As a general rule, the items that I order are fine but my husband always orders the macaroni & cheese and it never seems to be the same. Sometimes there is not enough cheese or the chicken has too much fat on it or the breading is burned. Honestly, how hard can it be to bake mac & cheese?The service is generally horrible. We often visit at odd hours of the day when very few patrons are there and we still cannot get good service. Some of the problems have included the order being wrong, not refilling drinks, and a lack of personality. I rarely fail to tip - even for bad service - but I have started doing this since moving to Vegas simply because of the terrible customer service. In addition, on this particular visit, the cashier/hostess was so unprofessional it was just annoying. As she was correcting my check - since the waiter had overcharged me - she was chatting with a waitress, answering the phone, and muttering to herself (loudly). It was amazing.So, I have a dilemma. The food is fine - better than some, worse than others - but I have their rewards card so I am always receiving coupons. Do I continue to eat there when the service annoys me so just to save money or do I throw in the towel and try to find another restaurant where my husband can eat mac & cheese? I think I just need to keep exploring my Vegas options. It is just that I am tired of paying for bad service and mediocre food. Hmmm.
3	I have been to this restaurant about 5 times. I like this place. However, do have some negatives about it. The service was always good. The servers are helpful and check on you. I never have trouble with the service. The only problem I have is the food. The appetizers are great but the bigger meals not so much. I once had the fish and chips, and it was greasy. I just went back recently to try something new and had the Gourmet Mac n' Five Cheese. It wasn't what I expected. It was really dry and not very cheesy. I was in the mood for a dessert and got the strawberry shortcake ice cream and that was terrific!
1	This place has Terrible, I repeat, Terrible service! The hostess that sat us was in a bad mood and threw our menus on the table and simply said, "Here you go". I said, "Thank you" and got no response from her. Then it took the waitress in the bar area 15+ minutes to even acknowledge that we were their and take our drink orders. To be safe we just ordered our food as well so we wouldn't have to wait another 20 minutes for her to ask about that. My bf ordered a soda, a root beer, which is supposed to be free refills, but they ended up charging us for each one that he drank. It was also in bottles so I dk if that made a difference, but we didn't ask for that and I think it was very grimey for her to not have told us that we were paying for each one and to have not brought the soft drink in a cup like she did mine. Terrible. Then when she did bring our food (I ordered the $14 jack daniels platter) she just left it on the table and didn't ask if we needed anything until we were almost half finished with our meals. My bf couldn't eat his wings cause she didn't bring enough bleu cheese and mine was terrible cause all of the yummy dipping sauces for my huge platter were left off the plate. Needless to say the staff here really needs a lesson in customer service and satisfaction. I would NOT recommend coming here. The service is terribly unfriendly and not honest and the food is average at best. Just drive a little further to the Applebees on Rainbow and Spring mountain and you won't be disappointed.
4	I usually stay at the Gold Coast quite often due to its price, quality and value.  A year or two ago they opened a TGI Friday's and I really fell in love with the restaurant.  The food reminds me much of Chili's as their menu is mostly American.  The grilled chicken tacos were tasty and accompanied with pinto beans, rice, and pico de gallo.  However, on my most recent trip, I wasn't terribly hungry, so I only ordered a small appetizer.  I decided to go with their pot stickers as my friend ordered a large steak, lobster tail, and mashed potatoes.   The waiter was a little rude (or concerned?) when I asked for a Long Island with no sweet and sour.  He kept trying to dissuade me of such a strong drink, but he eventually caved in and brought me my drink.The food came and my friends entree looked amazing.  The steak looked juicy, tender, and delicious.  He gave me a bite and the steak was amazingly tender and full of flavor with their Jack Daniel's steak sauce.  As for my appetizer, the pot stickers came on a rectangular dish and were nicely presented.  The appetizer included about six or seven pot stickers, which were nicely fried and full of vegetables.  The pot stickers were piping hot, crunchy and tasty.  Although, I was off put by the concerned waiter; I continue to love going to TGI Friday's on my Vegas vacations.
3	Half price appetizers 24/7 in bar area! Pretty good deal for $5 or less apps. Such as sliders, buffalo wings, shrimp cocktail, potato skins, $1.50 fries too. Also have $2 beer specials and $5 cocktails. Pretty good deal. Service was ok.
4	they have breakfast at this location in the gold coast!i had the western omelette's and hash browns and wheat toast! it was delicious and under $10.00!i will come back
4	This review is not about the food... Chain food is all the same regardless of the name of the business (Denny's. Applebees. Chili's. TGIF)First  - Great Happy hour!! Cheap. Cheap. Cheap.Second  - Bartender!!! I don't know the cutie pie's name but !MAN O MAN! It was like watching Tom Cruise in Cocktails. But better. This guy is so talented and entertaining. He was able to throw those bottles and shakers and glasses around while making the perfect drink..Third  - Service was quick. Well, in the bar area....All in all, I would return if I wanted cheap chain food and the handsome and talented bartender was working.
3	overall not bad, great portions for the price. pretty good, average food. def a great place for just a run of the mill type meal. (2 people 20 bucks, cant really complain)
2	medicore
4	8/6/2011Okay so it wasn't like I planned to go to this TGI Friday's.  We actually went to Gold Coast to enjoy some frugal eats (Steak and Eggs @ the cafe).  It shows how long its been since I've ventured the Gold Coast.  That cafe is long gone and has been replaced by an all too familiar chain.  Pros:  Open Late  Happy hour until 4 am... SCORE !  Friendly staff (especially the bartender...we sat at the bar)  You can still enjoy steak and eggs!Cons:  You must sit at the bar for the happy hour.  (this is not really a con for me, but it could be for others so i figured I'd mention it).  Irish Car Bombs are nearly $9.00 a pop!    Steak and Eggs for $2.99?  Dream on... more like $13.99!  Funk that!Verdict:  Overall, I'd recommend this place.  You really can't go wrong with TGIFridays.  They have a good happy hour (though the old happy hour at TGIFridays was way more bomb!) with cheap drinks and appetizers for $6.The only thing that could really mess this up is bad service.  I didn't get any of that here.  The bartender actually comped my friend's appetizer since it was his birthday.  That's pretty awesome if you ask me!  That definitely beats having a group of servers gathering to sing you an unsynchronized version of the happy birthday song.  I'd give this location a 5 stars if they offered a steak and egg special for $2.99.  Aside from that though, I'm a fan.  Late night (or early morning..whichever) eats for cheap while intoxicated... I'm easy to please.  If you are anything like me, you won't be disappointed.Tips:  Stay away from the drinks not on the happy hour, they'll cost your more than your wings.  Speaking of wings, try the traditional Jack Daniels BBQ wings.  YUM!  Sit at the  bar and avoid the line if any.  Plus you get happy hour prices!  Stay away from their Port Sausage.. doesn't taste good at all.  If you want some Port Sausage, go to a local island joint =)
2	Food was okay, server was a nightmare. Bless her heart, she forgot our order and then when we ordered dessert, she sent it to the table boxed to go...ummm we didn't order it to go...so we ate it out of the styrofoam box...not the most welcome feeling in the world.
4	It's a TGIFridays people. Don't get your hopes up for the food quality or service. They're both pretty average. However, if you're a sports fan and looking to get away from the craziness and crowds usually found at the strip casino sports books, then this is the place for you. Tucked away in the Gold Coast Casino, TGIFridays provides the perfect sports get away for intense sports fans. My buddies and I came into town for the NCAA tournament and couldn't come close to finding a seat at any of the strip casinos. As a result, we made our way down to Gold Coast's TGIFridays and were able to get four spots right away at the bar. The place has a ton of TVs and cheap big beers. During Happy Hour times (3-7PM) there are goods deals on food and drinks, as well. Since then I've gone back a handful of times to watch games and each time I've been able to get an easy seat and my game on any TV I wanted. The sports book is also right next door if you need to make a quick bet and the gold coast is usually pretty empty so there are no long lines to wait in. Give it a shot if you're looking for a laid back viewing experience!
2	Love the server she was excellent. The place was expensive for what you get in comparison to other places and the meals themselves came out average.
4	We had a large group with kids & our server was able to offer us happy hour specials ;) He even came by our table a few mins before happy hour was going to end to see if we would like any more (happy) drinks haha. Everyone in our party enjoyed their food & drinks.
4	Was staying at the Gold Coast for the week, and inside they have TGI Friday, it's not my normal fav place to go, but this one was opened 24/7 and happy hour was frm 4pm to 3am!!!  I ordered a Cherry Martini, and man that drink was sweet & yummy! And it was a pretty pink with chocolate swirls all around. Shared drinks with frriends, and mingled. If you sit at the opened bar tables by the casino floor, its easy to people watch and that's what we were doing at 3 in the morning, Gotta love Vegas, 3 or 4 in the morning seems like normal awake times, going to bed at 7am seems to be perfect bed time, I love the night life!  And TGI Fridays helps you watch it and keeps it alive!
1	The food at this place is never consistent. The servers are clueless. Ordered a pasta that in its description said "in wine sauce" um they should change it with "in 4 lbs of SALT sauce" so gross couldn't even eat it. Came in at 3am and no one comes to my table for drinks or anything for a whole 30 mins?Food portions are smaller at this place than other TGIFs too.$6 for 3 sliders? And that's happy hour price? Eeyeah. Doesn't come with fries or anything either.
5	Went to TGIFridays inside the Gold Coast.  Our server Chris was awesome! Very friendly and made good recommendations.  I ordered a Blue Moon, which they have on draft!  We ordered the potato skins for an appetizer, came out quickly and they were good.  I ordered the spicy beer cheese burger and the hubby ordered the nacho burger.  My burger had fresh jalapenos, fried jalapenos, beer cheese sauce, guacamole and lettuce and tomato....OMG delicious,  juicy, messy, and yes SPICY.  It was OH SO GOOD!  My hubby liked his burger almost as much as I was gushing about mine.  No complaints here!  Great service, yummy food and drink!
3	I hit this place at least once every Vegas trip with the wife. Random service at random times. Late night it gets slow and your waitress may disappear on you. I asked for a to go cup for my margarita and it took about 15 minutes...Tip: Happy hour meals + drink = good!
3	While on a job out in Las Vegas, I ate a couple of times at this TGI Fridays which was in the hotel/casino. I had tried going to vegetarian places around town, but they were either out of business or I couldnt find them among the numerous strip malls ands vast signage that makes up this town.Fortunately TGI Fridays has a veggie burger that they actually make themselves instead of heating up a frozen store bought garden burger like most mega chains. It is made from black beans, spices, and some other goodies, and will more than likely fall apart while you are trying to eat it, so I suggest having a napkin, fork and knife on stand-bye. Since I was in town on my own, and everyone I knew was busy, I decided to take it up to my room. They allow you to purchase beers and take the bottles up with you, which is pretty cool because I didnt feel like hanging out at the bar by myself while I had a beer or two.Overall I am glad that they are there, but I really wish places would have more selection than one item for vegetarians. Salads dont count, everyone expects vegetarians to eat a salad.
2	This place can be summarized in 4 words:Great Service, HORRIBLE food.First off, service: The staff was great and helpful! We were seated, and got our drinks quick. During the entire course of the meal, we were checked upon and had our waters refilled. No complaints about the staff, keep up the good work!Now, the food:  I went during happy hour, so most appetizers were all $6... My party ordered 4 appetizers and 1 dessert. First off, the Tuscan Spinach Dip: There was spinach, artichoke, cheese, tomatoes, and chips... There was nothing too special about this dish. The taste was just mediocre and bland. I think we were only able to finish half of the dip and chip... Loaded potato skins: about half of the potato skins had a good amount of cheese and bacon, the other half, only one or two pieces of bacon were to be found. In the sour cream and green onion dip, let's just say I could count how many pieces of green onions in that dip with the amount of fingers on one hand. Then we had the jack daniels chicken strips: The strips were small and overcooked, and it just didn't taste right. On the contrary, the dipping sauce was excellent. Finally, we had the Sirloin hibachi skewers. The beef was overcooked, but the sauce and pita bread combo was excellent. We ended up finishing this dish first since it was the best of all the appetizers.  For dessert we had a slice of red velvet cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The color of the red velvet cake indicated that the cake has been sitting there for hours, if not days. It was a dull red, and the taste matched the color. The vanilla ice cream looked 'smooth' and had chunks of ice in it, which was a clear indication of it being completely melted, and refrozen.I don't think I'll ever be back at this place again. Yes, the wait staff was kind and courteous, but that is not enough to keep me going back to a place with horrible tasting food.
1	Went to T.G.I .Friday this evening for dinner.Started out by ordering soda's.had lemonade didn't taste too good so asked waitress Eve if could switch to Coke?I guess she wasn't too happy with having to go back to get another soda because she made a  grunting noise when she took my glass of lemonade.Ready to order our food and asked Eve about Steak and Lobster special,she said the order has to be in by 6:00pm and it was 5:45pm so she started to rush us into ordering our dinner.We got our dinner and my steak was cold,so I told Eva that my steak was cold and if I she could take this one back and get another steak for me,she them let out another loud sigh like it was a bother to her.I then told her that she didn't need to give out those sighs and I needed to speak to manager.I told her manager about her conduct and will never be going back there again.WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!
4	Ok I have said it before and I will say it again, I will go almost anywhere that sends me a coupon! Such is the case with TGI Friday's. The place is a little dark, but the food is very good for what it is and the staff very nice. So I say sign up on their web site for the loyalty program and give it a try, don't be so snobby. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	On a recent trip to Vegas, we dropped in here for Breakfast.  That's right, a TGI Friday's that has Breakfast!  Only in Vegas!I ordered the Skillet Breakfast (Eggs, O'Brien Hashbrowns, Ham, Cheese), $7.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tgi-fridays-las-vegas-3?select=8WxNrMp02m76glI0pX-uPA#8WxNrMp02m76glI0pX-uPAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tgi-fridays-las-vegas-3?select=oFp3HsXEzYzXiF2XBWlN1g#oFp3HsXEzYzXiF2XBWlN1gIt was a bit greasy for my taste.  I wasn't expecting to be blown away, but this was a little disappointing.  Maybe I'll give this joint another time...Return Factor - 20%
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 10/100Volunteer work at the Alzheimer's Association booth today (for the Senior Spotlight Spectacular event) left me and my friend Hungry, with a capital H. And so after looping the first floor of Gold Coast Casino, we found this TGIF branch and settled with a simple order of cheeseburger sliders ($9.99) and an extra side order of fries for an additional $1.99. It looked like there was quite a shortage of staff and our waiter was literally zooming around the restaurant like a ninja, much so that he ended up giving me a glass of ice cold water instead of hot water like I asked. To his dismay, he came over about 10 minutes after he handed the drinks and apologized sincerely for the little mistake, thanked us for our patience and reasoned that it was such a busy day which I totally understood. In fact, I really appreciated the gesture. As for the food itself, I'd say average. The burger patties were juicy although the dinner roll bread made it feel more like a sandwich than a burger. The pickles were fashionably placed above of the bread, topped with a cherry tomato and our side order of fries were well, what can I say, some pretty neat fries. There was no 'X' factor (for a lack of better vocabulary) that made their food stand out. Would come back here, but only if it were the sole option in the area.
3	Stopped in for a burger and some bowling at the Gold Coast, and must admit for the first time in a long time, I actually enjoyed my experience at this chain. My hamburger with mushrooms and swiss was cooked a perfect medium, and my son's chicken dish got the big thumbs up. Nothing spectacular but a good lunch out of the sweltering heat of Vegas.
2	it's a fridays so you kinda know what they have. the service was extremely slow though and it wasn't even very busy.
1	Terrible experience food was cold server never came over to check on us complain to manager and was just told sorry won't be coming back to this place again recommend stay away
1	Only because I got a $10 comp is why I ate here, I soon learned that it wasn't worth it even if it was for free. The food is disgusting and it doesn't look anything like pictured on the menu. What you order may not be what you get. As an example, I ordered a Cesar Salad and it was served with wilted lettuce, some balsamic/oil dressing, no croutons, no parmesan cheese. I asked if this was the Cesar Salad and they said it was "their version" of the salad. My goodness, don't advertise something then change it up and call it "your version". Are they going to serve a sandwich, call it a hamburger, then call it "there version" when you question them about it? The food was under cooked, and somewhat cold. I asked if we could just cancel the order, but they said they couldn't and we should have ordered something "better" or "read the menu". I was upset, but instead of making a scene, I just left.Not coming here again and I would suggest you to be cautious with what you order if you do come here.
3	Friday's is usually a good spot to stop by for Happy Hour when you're hanging out at the Gold Coast. I usually end up here before or after bowling. Service is standard and I like their Happy Hour Specials. They have a large bar that extends out onto the casino floor. I entertain myself by people watching and drinking a rum runner.
3	Actually, was quite happily surprised in a good way. Went for breakfast and our server  (Brandon???) was great and very polite. (We'd just came from the LVH (former Hilton) hotel and the service there at the restaurants was absolutely terrible (they are totally understaffed and the staff is unfriendly).Food for breakfast at TGIF was simple but well prepared. Would go back again if we in the area.
5	this place was great, on Valentines Day night. We had a very romantic dinner. The wait was minimum. The service great. its funny they all call you "Sugar".  It comes off as contrived. Not natural. Great food. I won my dinner money back by playing 1 hand of black jack. I hit 21 and got up. I like the parking at this casino. we were there around 10:30 pm at night. My wife claimed some woman with her man was staring at her while we were leaving. we are black and so was the couple. silly if you ask me. I love the whole time there.
1	Staying at the Gold Coast for a conference this weekend. Went downstairs for a late night munchie. Shelby was speaking to a couple on the short side of the bar so I stood on that side to order figuring she'd obviously welcome me when she was done. I looked over at her a few times so she'd know I was waiting, she never even looked at me though I know she had to at least see me out of her periphery. When she was done chatting she walked away down the long right side of the bar, never even came over to me. 3 gentlemen sat down at the long left side, she walked right up to them all smiles and started helping them. I sat there and stared at her, we can all feel when we're being stared at and we look. Nope not her. Finally another bartender who was going into a cooler looked at me, smiled and asked if I was being helped. Thank you Ashley!!!!! The whole time I was standing there, Shelby never once made eye contact or anything. There were a couple male bartenders who came in after I'd gotten help, they even made the polite eye contact and smiled in acknowledgement of my presence. After I got my item I asked Ashley for the other tenders name and told her what happened. If you look gay (I'm a butch dyke) and you come to this Friday's don't plan on even being acknowledged if Shelby is working, she OBVIOUSLY has serious gay issues. I'll be taking the rest of my dining off site this weekend. The Gold Coast lost it all because of this bartender. A fair number of the people that are with this conference are LGBTQ.
2	It's been five minutes and our kids menu food is not out yet. Neither are the appetizers. We know the food will be good when we get it, but service is not on point.
2	The wait here was really long and our waitress seemed uninterested and annoyed. But the food and drinks were great. Chicken was a bit dry but the lobster was surprisingly good and sweet.
1	Got seated, waited 20 minutes and never got served, even for water. Servers are not attentive; never saw one server in our side of the room.
1	absolutely fricken the worst. after waiting over 45 minutes due to some party that decided to have their gathering there of like 50 people, which dominated most of the staff and cooks, we finally got seated. our waitress was the BOMB, she was great. too bad we could not say the same for the food. i got this philly cheesestack double stack burger, supposed to have all this stuff on it. the picture looked like i would have to unhinge my jaw to eat it. what came was a far cry from it. missing about half the ingredients on the list. it was a sorry site for hungry ladies waiting long. i would not recommend them. there are better places in vegas for this kind of crap.
1	What a waste.  I remember TGIFriday's being busy and exciting in college...I guess that was a LONG time ago huh?  This one was a waste of good money.  I just had a burger, but come on.  It sounded good, but was not.  It was supposed to have beer cheese sauce, which was non existant.  The food seemed tiny for the amount you paid.  Maybe their drinks are good, maybe not, I had water.  We had dessert too, but not particularly worth mentioning.  It's just a blah atmosphere, blah service, blah food, just don't go here.
4	Its bad when this was the best food I had all weekend.TGI Fridays saved me. No stomach flu caused by the food. Check.Decent prices for the food served. Check.Quick and friendly service. Check.TGI delivered great service for both of our meals there. I personally liked their dinner menu a bit more (had the fajitas), but both were head and stars above the sickness inducing buffet offered at Ports O Call.If we come here next year, you can bet every meal will be on Friday!
1	Went to dinner took server 12mins just to greet our table. I had to ask what drinks were good at bar. Order our food. Asked for jack Daniel flat iron steak and was brought a different steak which I order med well.server (GONZOLO) took steak back and brought it bak in least then 2 minutes.I specifically asked if it was same steak.which it was! Just took off garlic butter and they added jack daniel sauce,Vegetables were rock hard and didn't taste washed.We also Ordered other entrees. Which were horrible as well! Server never check back on us.I had to ask a host to speak 2 manager.manager (Nora) came right over. she try to accommodate us but by this point ..not worth even explaining. We paided for drinks and left!
5	Love , love, love this place!! I always get great service, the servers are friendly and understand what customer service is
1	Terrible service. Waited 30 min for waters then waited another 30 for a simple ceasar salad meanwhile while being ignored by my waitress to ask for silverware. Got up left and went to the cortez room where service is great. Skip this place.
1	Terrible experience food was cold server never came over to check on us complain to manager and was just told sorry won't be coming back to this place again recommend stay away
1	Had the steak and lobster tail, bowl of chowder and onion rings.  Pure garbage.  This food appears to be heated from frozen and tasted bad. I have had the ribs at this location before and they were good. Also had a hamberger here a few weeks ago, it was passable.  My bill came to over $30.00 for just me, for the above items.  Gold Coast should have stuck with their own restaurant which was always good. It appears to be all about Greed. P.S. the server tryed hard but of course has no control over the garbage coming from the kitchen.  I will not be back.
3	It's a hit and miss with the service here but for a 24 hour place in the Gold Coast.. Can't really complain. Usually the staff are overworked so a little patience is probably appreciated by them. I've eaten here more than I'd like to admit the past 3 weeks but at 3am there aren't many other options.Trying to be healthy I've had the portion right steak and vege which was decent 6.5/10. Buffalo wings hot 7/10 although it's pretty tough to get bad wings. The 3 sampler with fried cheese, wings and potato skins is so bad for you you can taste it.. Proceed with caution lol... Felt terrible the next day but if it's deep fried goodness you're after get this. My partner had the nachos which was massive but they're stingy with the guacamole. But hands down my fave thing there is the Cajun chicken and shrimp pasta. I normally don't eat wheat and have a slight allergy to shrimp but for this I make an exception. I've had it 3 times now and it's been good everytime. I've just ordered it again to have now!!!
2	The food wasn't terrible but the fact that they had the one girl working and running around by herself to serve everyone was just sad. If you're in a casino, perhaps you shouldn't gamble with your chances of ever having return customers!
3	We had dinner there last night with some new friends from Canada.  Food was much better than what's served in the one in New Castle, DE.  Bonus, happy hour prices all day Sunday!  Service was so so.
1	Just tried to eat there, waited 40 minutes for chicken nachos,  to go . Got my check 20 minutes before I got my food. Refill never came .. sad really .. when the place was dead; 4 or 5 front of house members going around . 5/6 booths isn't busy!Finally got my nachos... Hardely any cheese and fyi I'm not picky... This was dry. I gave the check and nachos right back to the waiter.. and three bucks for the  Pepsi I drank.  Thank you for the smile but work on your kitchen staff and waiters so that they may explain delays. Manager FAIL. Sad sad management.
3	I love the food here but the service was just okay. At first, our waitress was great but then after we ordered our food the service went down hill. No more drink refills and she completely forgot about our order of sliders. When we asked her about the sliders she didn't apologize and she said they were on there way. Overall, the food is super yummy! I love the pecan crusted chicken salad.
4	Eat here last night. Myself and a few friends. Nice place. No big wow factor. But we did have really great service. Our servers name was Christina, I believe. She was very attentive and quick with all that we needed. One of my friends can never just order off the menu. He made asked for so many changes, I would have kicked him out. But she just took it all down and said ok. Surprise!!!!, everything came out fine. Thank you for everything!
5	I got to say that I LOVE our Bartender ANDY!!!! He makes good drinks and is very quick to serve and on top of things! and is such an entertainment. He juggled oranges for my friend Gloria and I, even tho he failed he was really great. The food takes long when you order in, but usually I just get a small order of fries and a Long Island so it doesnt take that much, Lol. We are going back to Vegas again on the 26 so we look forward to being served again by this this fella. Hopefully you can juggle 7 oranges by the time we go back, keep at it Andy!!! Lol
4	Not bad at all, must be,  since I came twice. Late dinner Friday night.  Waitress was very friendly and fast.  Food was delicious and awesome.  The drinks were never empty.  The place had a nice ambiance.  Only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is the hostess.  Both times she was MIA.  I thought we were going to have to seat ourselves.  Came back 2 days later to eat lunch same thing happened.  Waitress was great but the hostess was MIA. The people before us literally grabbed menus and forks and headed to the bar area.Tip: If you're staying at the Gold Coast, TGIF will take room service orders.
1	Well we ve been sitting for 40 minutes waiting for our salads.... All I see is the girl behind the bar sharing something on her phone will the other employees.  They're laughing, I'm thinking a call to corporate!
3	By *any* means, "country gravy" implies sausage in the gravy. Otherwise, it's just "gravy". Recognize, tgi. However, the late night barfolk are ****AWESOME!***
1	This place sucked ...hands down - service was sub par - I was with a group of about 8 and were were the only ones in there - took forever to get seating, forever to get a drink order then actually receive the correct drinks (ice tea shouldn't be that hard to figure out) Food arrived cold - I mean really, we are the only group in here on a Friday night - its dead...and the mashed potatoes came out cold - better turn on the heating lamp a little higher that is over that giant 50 gallon pot these probably came out of... Overall very disappointed for this TGIF
1	My boyfriend and I came here to watch football and have some lunch. We placed a very simple order: Jack Daniels burger, no cheese, and a buffalo chicken sandwich.The burger came out with cheese, so we sent it back. My sandwich came in two halves, one half of the bread was burnt, and the other half had a SLIVER of chicken on it.I didn't complain about the underwhelming cut of chicken. But then I bit into it and nearly broke a tooth. It was hard as a rock, and beyond overcooked.Then I sent it back.It was crap. Whoever the monkey is in the kitchen, sucks. But the manager, host, and waiting staff were all very helpful and apologetic.
4	We ate at Fridays at least four times during our recent Gold Coast stay because it had a hug bar seating area (which we find has superior service),it was open 24 hours, a good happy hour, and, best of all, we got a free entree with our Bingo receipts.  Yes!!! is that a dauber in my pocket?Of course, we wouldn't have returned if the food wasn't good.  The ribs were excellent.  The chicken fingers are good.The lobster tail was small (and a little cold) but still great.The 1/2 sandwich, (limp) fries, and 1/2 salad were fine, and a good deal.TGIF is one of the reasons my wife wants to return to Gold Coast, actually.That, and her smoking old Chinese people fetish.
2	I don't find TGI Fridays great anyways, but the one at gold coast isn't amazing in comparison to the others, frequently on all shifts , I noticed the employees are forgetful and unenthusiastic.  I suggest grabbin a bite nearby at Chinatown or Rio.
3	Today, my family and I had breakfast at TGI Fridays. Our server was friendly, although forgetful at times. For drinks, our party ordered an Orange Juice, Grapefruit Juice, Coffee, and Hot Tea. For breakfast entrees, I'd recommend the Traditional Omelette (with cheddar cheese and mushroom), Two Large Grade AA Eggs, and Western Omelette (with spinach, mushroom, and cheddar cheese). Each of these entrees, came with hash brown, toast, and jelly. I don't recommend the giant ham steak as it was dry / overcooked and had the texture of cardboard. I'd also recommend the Oatmeal (with Strawberry and a little milk) and Fruit Bowl (which consisted of fresh honeydew, cantaloupe, watermelon, pineapple, red grapes, and strawberries)!
1	We all know TGIFridays so there's little need for introduction. So I'll hop straight into the food (that's why we all are here right?)Eggs were not scrambled properly. More correctly they were stir fried. Sausages were alright. Bacon was ok too (can't really go too wrong with bacon right?)The French toast were nothing to wow about. What bugged us most was that our food was served to us at "room temperature". Which i felt was a failure on their part since a at minimum you'd expect a restaurant to at least serve hot food.Overall I'd not recommend you come here for breakfast. Maybe lunch or dinner. Go to Ping Pang Pong for dimsum instead. It's way better
