4	I came here on a whim while trying to find another business in the area.  I love places like this because you can almost always find something that you like.The selection here was nice.  Staff was friendly and helpful.   Great clothes for work or going out, and the prices seemed fair on thier clothing.  Decent selection, nice stuff.  I know its resale, but I found stuff hard to find that was my size.  I would gladly return as I had a good experience here!
5	Nice ladies all the time that seem to really enjoy working here!I hate to tell anyone that this is my favorite secret place to find semi-precious baubles for great prices! I want them all to myself! The jewelry is new and I believe she told me comes from Israel.I have the most gorgeous pink turquoise bracelet and necklace from here. Its very unique stuff.Their clothes are fun to go thru also. Ive purchased some amazing things from this store!
5	Great resale source. Gorgeous jewelry , evening wear section, and excellent purse and shoe selection.The staff are professional, helpful, and honest.  Recent expansion makes it more fun to stop by and find a good buy.
5	I loved this place before I even got in the front door. Very good prices, and well organized.  The owner is so friendly.  It seemed like every item of fabulous clothing I picked up was on sale for half price.  I am definitely a regular now!!!
4	High society is a great way to shop and save on everything from day to evening wear.  You just never know what little nugget someone else has passed on so you can enjoy it too.I've had clothing I just couldn't part with that was in great condition, but just didn't fit me anymore.  ):  With High Society I can consign the items and have a few extra dollars in my pocket when they sell.  I can take that money or I can use it to shop at High Society and increase it's value.  It's like shopping for free!
5	I almost hate to review this wonderful place as I like to imagine it is my little secret - other than the fact I refer just about everyone I know to this fabulous little boutique. While it may be a consignment shop, I find more interesting and unusual items than I ever see in the malls and boutiques. The staff is fantastic! Turn them loose and you will end up with more interesting looks than your closet can hold! All the girls are wonderful, but Jill might be the most entertaining!
5	I love this store! Some of my favorite things have come from there. Designer bags, beautiful jewelry, stylish clothes and shoes are plentiful. Great place to consign too, Pat's a great proprietor.
4	Consigned some items, got a check and picked up what didn't sell.  Easy!
1	I love to go to resale stores thrift stores yard sales and all places where  I can find deals  and treasures. This is a cute store the staff is cool but the prices on used stuff here are outrageous. I seen a few used items that could be found at kohls and and Ross. These things were used but sold at full price. Wth! Don't get me wrong there are really good quality items here. I just will not go back. Lol I seen girls going crazy over used thong bikinis. Just saying.
1	Racial Profiling at its finest.....I've been there a couple of times because the clothes are nice.  But every time I go in the staff stares at me and follows me around the store they are NOT friendly.  I guess they have not seen the the movies Pretty Woman or Selena.....they should and maybe they will learn a thing or two about ppl with money....$$$$....by the way I'm hispanic.
4	Great selection, clean, and good prices.  Nice jewelry selection too.
2	I am actually shocked to find a good review of this store.I have never felt more uncomfortable going anywhere. Stopped in while my boyfriend was getting his oil changed as I heard great things about the store and actually have sent people to it! I walked in and they asked me to set my drink down on the counter- I have absolutely no problem with that as I know it is not actually their merchandise and they need to protect their consignors pieces from not getting stained. But as I walked around I could see them watching me and my boyfriend said he was uncomfortable and would wait outside. He came back in to grab me since his oil change was done and the sales associate asked me, "What are you looking for? Or are you just looking." in a tone that suggested I wasn't welcome. I then told her I had heard good things about her store and had always wanted to stop in. No response.The store has a musty smell, the clothing while some were nice- most were outdated.The reason for the 2 stars: her jewelry. She does a great job at displaying jewelry. Customer service? None. Had she been more welcoming I would have ignore the musty smell and dated pieces.
