5	We love the Cash. It is one of the few bars that have a smoking patio that you can drink on.We have donated a lot of stuff to raffle off for charity events at the Cash. They always have a great turnout.The crowd is extremely diverse. The drinks are good and cheap, and the bar staff is very friendly.
5	No matter your persuasion, there are good times to be had here.  The people watching is spectacular and everyone is super friendly... just watch out for the 70+ year old (!) tranny who looks just amazing, because she will drag your unwilling ass onto the dance floor to teach you to two-step!
3	Horrible music Typical Im gonna stare you down and never acknowledge you with a smile type place.
5	This is a great place to have fun.A great variety of music, mostly country, but good dancing country from the two step, to the "neon moon" song dance (cuz I don't know the name of that dance. lol), to coordinated dances to certain songs, and then just shaking your bootay to Madonna or something like that.Nice big dance floor and a good amount of seating.Smoking area out the side doors that's new where you can bring your drinks... nice touch since that new law came in.Bartenders are really nice and the drinks are strong.  The draft beer seems to get you drunker than normal for some reason... not sure why.Great place even to bring straight people... my friends always seem to have a blast when they go.Just really needs better parking. But that's not too much of an issue.
4	i went here for the first time last night and had a blast...it was karaoke night and of course my drunk ass had to perform (we are the champions, by queen, in honor of the cardinals)...the crowd was smaller but decent, many new faces to me (really i don't go out to many lesbian bars)...the drinks were decently priced (i've def had cheaper) and there are probably some nights where they have specials like $2 coronas which is easy on the wallet.the bar is HUGE, with a big dance floor/stage area surronded by tables..the patio is big as well, with lots of tables and chairs, and the best part...a POOL TABLE!! so you can feel the burn of the smoke in your eye while shooting...i love it...
5	Considering the fact that San Diego cannot support a lesbian club/bar, I was VERY impressed with this unpretentious place! We showed up on a rainy Friday night, place was a hoppin! A little bit o' butch, a little bit o' femme, a few trannys sprinkled in as well as some music and a great and active dance floor. I despise country music- but it sure was fun watching these folks do a little two step and beyond (damn, they were good!). They did also play a little hip-hop/Top 40 to mix things up. Didn't spot any attitude here, everyone was friendly, smiling, laughing and having a good time, ourselves included!
2	2 stars. Only cause the drink prices are good.
5	This place is awesome! My favorite lesbian bar in town!
5	I really do keep meaning to go for free line dance lessons.  Good prices, no cover, excellent happy hour, lots of crowd variety.  Fun place to meet up with my friends!
5	Only been in once but I loved it, this bar was one of the factors on moving down to this area. You will see me there alot. love the people and how nice the employees are. Both indoor and outdoor seating. I came from seattle and this bar is way better than any of the lesbian clubs on Capitol hill.
4	This is basically the lesbian Charlie's. It was pretty quiet for a Friday night, but from what I have heard most people in Phoenix go out on Saturday nights so that's the night to go out. The employees were really friendly and the drinks weren't outrageously priced. They played mostly country, but switched it up towards the end of the night. There is a huge parking lot at the Food City next door so you don't have to worry about finding a spot. The crowd was younger than what I have seen at Z Girl Club. So far this is my favorite lesbian bar in Phoenix. I'll definitely be going back on a Saturday when there are more people!$10 minimum on credit cards.
3	First off this place is a dive!  Once you get past that you can go in and let ur hair down and have some fun. There are many problems however ...1. It's the only real lesbian bar around and they know it so there is NO catering to customers.2.  If it gets busy it's nearly impossible to get a drink. I must have spent 1/3 of the night in line getting drinks ( I wouldn't ask my beautiful gf to stand there)3.  They play a lot of country music. So when the country music is playing the dance floor is essentially EMPTY!  When they finally play a few good dance songs the dance floor explodes and it's a blast (but quickly ends to the sound of country music) 3.  The place looks and smells like a dive. There are usually a ton of chicks there ( a lot are trashy tho based on decor, no expectations and no dress code). If the owner was smart she would spend a dime on the place and pretty it up a bit. Then maybe you could attract a little more upscale crowd ( you know us who have money to spend)   And as for dress code I am not saying suit and tie but maybe we could limit the old stained up wife beaters, shorts that hang mostly off the ass and flip flops u have owned since high school.All in all we always have a good time when we go.  We will keep going back but I would love to see the owner or staff rake pride in the place. Also realize only 2 out of the 300 people are dancing to that country crap.  If u don't want to give it up totally then sneak a country on in here and there but let us dance to that awesome dance music you occasionally tease us with.
5	I have to say, for us ladies who love ladies, there aren't many options for bars.  That being said, I think the Cash is pretty swell.  They aren't trying to be something they're not (ZGirl club, take notes!), they're not pretentious and there's never a wait/cover to get in.  The bartenders are chill and remember you even if it's been a long time.  I love Kat and the other bartender (name unknown to me) with the lovely silver hair who always asks "what'll it be, babe?".  The music isn't exactly my style, but they do throw a few booty-shakers in amongst the country ballads.  I love watching the dance floor, as most of the ladies/gents/others know how to cut a rug.  They have a large outdoor patio for the folks who enjoy smoke and the drinks are cheap:)  Love what you do, don't change a thing!
1	This place epitomizes the gaff between gay and lesbian culture. If you have a penis, don't expect to be treated like an equal even if you're not competition. What you should expect are a bunch of glares as soon as you walk through the door. The staff will tolerate you, but won't be friendly. No less than 5 people will cut you because after all, this is their turf and you don't belong there.Don't sit at a table, because "this table is taken" even if there's no one sitting there and their aren't any beverages on it.I won't be going back.
2	Being from Southern California, the "scene" is so much fun. There are several clubs to go to and any night is a great time. That brings us to the Phoenix scene and The Cash.Oh wait, there is no scene for the ladies. Not going to bash them to hard, because it's the only consistent place that we have. Yes it caters to the Country music crowd, but they do play spurts of other music through out the weekend evenings.The mixed drinks could be better, but the prices are reasonable.
4	Ok, I wasn't going to do this review and just keep this a little secret that I went here but the Yelper in me is screaming write the review!!!! So here it goes....back in April went with some girlfriends to the woman's expo and we wound up over at the bartending display and hung around in hopes of free drinks, s/n I don't know about yall but we are all about the free drinks, it was a fun day I say! But we had to wait an hour for the performance so we started talking with bartenders that was there and met Shelley, and she was pretty cool so we said hey where do you work we will stop by and cause you some grief, she looked at us and said it's not a straight bar, we thought eh who cares, so we made plans to go to Cash Inn Country Bar on one of our fun nights out,,,,For those who are scared to interact with the gay, this isn't your bar, stay away.  But for us it was fun, Shelley was shocked to see us there, we sat at the bar, a few of us danced, it was a fun time. Met some cool people, shared some laughs, had some drinks, friends and I had a blast, we probably will go back. Staff and people were friendly, dance floor is nice and roomy, and more than country was being played, yes it was a fun night!
3	My friend makes me go and I have to say I have a good time.  Even though I am not gay everyone is really nice and friendly.  The dance floor is pretty good and the music is awesome!  Drinks are pretty cheap to.  BIG WORD OF ADVICE!-------- Do not leave your purse in your car. On Saturdays the police are called for car break ins. My friend actually got her window busted in and her purse stoen.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5	My new favorite bar in Phoenix! Dress anywhere from Casual to Fancy and you fit in. Two step, hip hop, slow dancing, line dancing. They have everything. The bar tenders are incredible and take care of you well! TIP EM BIG!!
5	Trying very hard to be unbiased since this is my Saturday night spot for a year and a half now. The bar: I enjoy the employees attitude, the new country with some top 40, cupid shuffle, some throwback songs, and fairly priced drinks in this decent sized dive bar. For smokers, there's a large back patio area. An ATM is available in the darts room. Parking is in front, the back, or at Food City. The Cash has supported charities, held drag shows, and threw themed nights, like the most recent black out party, and  they also host poker games, dance lessons, and of course, karaoke. For busy nights, they have 3 bar tenders serving, 2 in the front and 1 in the rear. The crowd: If you're visiting or new/ transplant, compared to flashy Los Angeles, hipster Seattle, and melting pot NYC's lez scene (to name a few cities), I've noticed that this place has lots of butch lesbians, about an even number of femmes, tomboys, androgynous, and a small handful of ultra femmes. For the most part everyone's friendly. You'll see a wide age range here, along with some straights, gay boys, etc. I've also noticed a trend.... the Cash's bathrooms are never nasty and are always stocked with TP and paper towels lol.Come by, grab a drink, get your 2 step on, or twerk and grind, or just wiggle around... at The Cash, the Cheer's of Phoenix's lesbian population, and have a great time :)
5	This has absolutely become my favorite bar in Phoenix. There are some weeks that I go multiple times. The atmosphere is so relaxed and inviting. Whether you want to dance and dip or unwind after a long day you can do either here! Will always be my number one choice!
5	Showed up last night (Thursday) for the line dancing lessons with Chandelle and was blown away.Why I loved this spot:- the bartender was SUPER FRIENDLY (and rocked a silver fox sign over her bar)- Chandelle is an AWESOME teacher, she really made the line dancing lessons fun and engaging - the people at the bar were very warm and welcoming, a few people talked to me directly (many of you know this is not the norm in many cities)Please note: when you first arrive, the exterior is nothing to get excited about but not to fear, once you enter... well, it is a standard country bar.
5	I've been coming here almost weekly for more than a year. I have introduced many a lesbian/bisexual woman to this place and every one of them has loved it. There's pretty much only this and one other lesbian bar in all of Phoenix (Zoan is the other) and this place definitely takes that responsibility seriously. And I think it does the better job of catering to the diversity of this demographic.Things I like about this place and that keep me coming back:-They bill it as a country bar, but they also play club/hip-hop/dance music, especially on Saturdays. This attracts a pretty diverse crowd of women, so if you're worried about this being a "white" bar, you'll be pleasantly surprised. Women of a variety of ages come here as well. -The bartenders are friendly & efficient, and the drinks are delicious. I always leave huge tips. They will totally sit and chat with you on slower nights, too.-NO COVER CHARGE. EVER. This, by the way, includes men. (You hear that Charlie's? Stop charging me cover because I'm a girl!)-The DJ's.-Smoker patio is cool not only for smokers, but because there's a nice amount of seating so you can get away from the dance floor for a bit and actually talk to all the ladies you've met.-People obviously take the free dance lessons, and they show it on the dance floor! If you're not going to dance yourself, you'll at least have fun watching!-Karaoke on Sunday evenings!Downsides:-Saturdays are a mixed blessing. On the one hand, LOTS OF WOMEN. :) On the other hand, there can be a long wait for drinks. It's also a small-ish building so when it gets crowded, beware, there may not be anywhere to sit or even stand.-I wish they had a pool table!I much prefer to go on Fridays, still a lot of activity, but easily 30% less crowded, just has a chiller vibe.Anyway, definitely recommended, if you haven't gone yet you are missing out!!
