5	What a jewel in the desert.  It is a small theater but the talent is a good as it gets.  I saw "The Drowsy Chaperone" and it was a great production.  I highly recommend you get out there and see one of their productions.
4	This was my first time at a small/community theater.I had such a great time!I went to see "And Then There Were None" by Agatha Christie.Great cast..loved that everyone used a British accents.I got my tickets through an email for "show up". We had 2nd row. The sound was great, effects were great.The employees were really very helpful and the show was very well acted.If I had a small complaint, the entrance is a bit uninviting. The doors that lead into the lobby look like plain, gray doors, so I wasn't sure if that was the actual entrance or not.I also liked that the restrooms and water fountains were right in the theater. Very convenient.
5	It's great to have such a well run community theatre right here in Fountain Hills. The productions and acting are fun and well done. For the price per ticket it can't be beat. Excellent value.
4	I love coming to see productions at this intimate theater in Fountain Hills. I went to see their latest (and controversial!) production of The Full Monty. For a non contract (or 'professional' ) theater, the show was outstanding!!! And there isn't a bad seat in the house...but they do sell out quickly, so if you are interested in seeing a production, get your tickets quickly, and never try to buy them at the door!
5	This show is one I have seen several times before BUT it still is such a great comedy that it was worth repeating.  I laughed so hard I hurt.  The situations were just too hysterical.  I had heard (although I had seen it before) that it had some "terrible language" in it.  Not so.  Only a true prude would not enjoy the situations and comedy.  I live in Phoenix but it was worth the trip and I'll be going to the next show they have.
2	We've been to Fountain Hills Theater several times and always enjoyed ourselves. Last night we saw Sherlock Holmes Last Case which could more appropriately be named Sherlock Holmes Worst Case. Although the cast and crew did a passable job, the play itself was a yawn-generator from the opening scene. It's like the writer couldn't decide whether he was scripting a comedy spoof or a serious mystery so it ended up as neither. Again, the cast & crew did a passable job and the only fault I can find with the theater is choosing to stage this dreadful dreck in the first place.
4	Went with some girlfriends to go see I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change down at the Fountain Hills Theater for a girls afternoon out.   It was my 1st time at the theater and I have to say I like it a lot! It's a small intimate theater, but it just means you're more engaged with the show.  The seats are on the small side, so if you have long legs, you might be a little uncomfortable, but I was up in the front and didn't have to worry about that issue. I really don't think there is a bad seat in the place, the show was great, we had a great time and I look forward to catching more shows at Fountain Hills Theater.
5	I love this little Theater. I've now seen two different productions on their main stage and both times have been blown away. They theater is small, and intimate, and makes amazing use of the space. I love the projections. Makes it feel very "Broadway" The talent pool is exceptional. I have been impressed by (nearly) every actor or actress to grace the stage. The building is inviting, and the donations wine bar is wonderful. I enjoy the production photos, and head shots before going into the show. Also, I feel this is one of the few theaters that had accommodating number of rest rooms for the intermission rush.  I look forward to returning to see another show, and bringing all my friends! Thanks for all the moments !!!
1	The way in which this theater conducted their recent children's auditions was totally unprofessional. They had originally posted one date for the auditions, but then changed it last minute to two different audition dates. This could be understandable except it was during the Thanksgiving holiday and the voice and dance audition were rescheduled for Thanksgiving Sunday when anyone who already had out of town plans would not be able to make it. Had they then arranged an alternative audition time, this could have still be okay, but they didn't. This meant that any of the kids who's families were going out of town for the Thanksgiving holiday were not able to have their voice and dance audition. In my daughter's case she had been looking forward and preparing for the audition with her voice coach for over two months. At the monologue audition when we brought the issue up to the Producer she said "I don't see the problem."  To top it off Fountain Hills Youth Theater doesn't email or inform anyone who does not get into the plays. I don't know any other theater that doesn't bother to contact the kids who did not get in and find this totally rude and disrespectful to the children who worked so hard to audition.  It wouldn't have been that hard to send an email informing the CHILDREN that they did not get in. We have worked with a variety of children's theaters around town and were looking forward to working with Fountain Hills, but was totally disappointed with their complete un-professionalism.
