2	A huge mess. This is worse than the Marshall's by my house. (See review)
1	I never give one star! This place is horrible. Charged for parking, No bathroom and the place packed with loss prevention from hell. I'm talking like ten guys. makes you wonder if I'm really saving any money here. Just go down the street to the other Ross. You don't have to pay for parking, not sure about the bathroom situation though
3	This location is ok... It's on the strip so it gets an extra star.. Otherwise there are only 2 stars. None of the shoes are in the right places.. clothes are ugly and I see why they are there... This place probably gets more traffice than any other store on the strip b/c its in the middle of the all the good stuff especially with all the girls that wear the 5" stillettos on the strip thinking they can make it all day with that much walking... go into this place to buy some flats so they can stop walking on the concrete with their black bacteria infested feet. (this is where the extra star comes in to play you see.)
4	This particular Ross store, located on the 2nd and 3rd stories (take the escalator or elevator), is super organized and packed to the brim with bargains on brand names. We went to another one the same weekend a few weeks ago, and the two store locations were like "night and day." Since this one is geared toward tourists, like the other one (on the Strip), it's really different in a number of ways. For one thing, it's inventory of designer handbags includes the highly coveted "Juicy Couture" purple plush hobo bags at $79.95 (my husband thinks they're hideous, but with the right color, can be cute, yeah, I might want one). The ladies clothing, along with handbags, bath & body care is located on the 2nd floor while the mens is located on the 3rd floor. There is a heavy security guard presence- I noticed two of them walking around the store.  Though it's organized (nearly every possible amount of space is utilized), it might make one feel closed in (the aisles are a little tight). The checkout is also located on this level, with a beautiful backdrop of Las Vegas behind the friendly cashiers (wearing blue tops)- pretty unique, kinda reminds me the news show that I watch, too. I only went to this level, but my husband went to the 3rd level and found some long-searched-for low rise white athletic socks (score!). I found a huge bottle of natural type lotion containing no parabens for $1.99!
4	Compared to my home city, Fresno, this place is the greatest! If you need a dress or casual clothes to wear around Vegas-most affordable place on the strip! Check it out, you wont be disappointed.  Oh and parking, DUH! Its the strip, stay parked at your hotel and walk! There are tons of casinos around it also so you can park free in one of their garages.  I have seen other Ross stores and DD's Discounts (owned by Ross) and this place was clean compared to them (yea, crazy right). Staff is friendly despite the crazy customers they have to deal with. I will definitely be back next time im in vegas
3	I was passing time before/after an event at Hard Rock. It's messy and busy, but they have a lot of dresses! All the other items are packed too, but nothing really cute there. Shoes were really picked over (dumb hoes need flats since they didnt test out those heels!). They do have a lot of designer handbags so if you're looking for some popular ones like Michael Kors or B. Makowsky, you might find something here. I wear dresses a lot and where there is maybe 2 racks of dresses at most locations, there are more like 10 here so I will try to go through here sometime to pick some cheap summer dresses. It's on the strip so I'm not too enthusiastic of trying to come here to shop specially since the Showcase is parking bullshit. If you have a stick shift- dont park there as you might get stuck on the ramp. Park at MGM and walk.
3	multiple levels and located on the strip. cheep fashion, footware, luggage, and souvenir. good for those who walked spent the most of the day away from their hotels and need a quick change of clothes or ripped/stained something, forgot it was 100 degree outside and packed for clubbing or formal events, or need extra luggage to back all of those towels, shampoos, etc in your room. convenient if your on the strip but doesn't carry as much as the other Ross stores.
3	Finally found something I liked! But only one thing.  This store is super crammed, to get by someone, you both literally have to smash up against the clothing racks. Very annoying.
2	Normally I don't review places like this but as it was important for our trip to come here, I figured I would post a review. My friend was in from out of town and we made an impromptu trip to Vegas for the weekend. He didn't have any dress clothes so we lender him clothes but we still had no dress shoes so we didn't plan on going clubbing. We ended up getting on the guest list for pure at Caesars (read my review) and we needed to get him dress shoes. We came here and got a nice pair for $30 and now he has a pair to leave in town for if we make another impromptu trip. The selection is standard with every other Ross I have been to so it didn't seem anything special, but the reason I rated it 2 stars is because of the staff. Checkout takes forever because the cashiers take their sweet time to check stuff out and they only have 4 check stands open for the line of like 25 people. And then they work slower than molasses flowing uphill. It took us like 30 minutes to finally get checked outIt works out if you are in a snag and need to get something, but leave time to get your stuff cause it will take you a while
5	a brisk walk down vented strip well worth it.  Tons of.clothes and accessories available in case you forgot something.  Be prepared to wait in line though.
4	Um thanks Ross for always coming through for me. This is kind of ridiculous on my part but I have been here a couple of times because of random emergency-ish situations. My latest visit was because my shoes were killing me so I had to buy some flats. AND I found great ones for under $15 and I felt so much happier afterwards. The other time it was something about finding a dress dressy enough for XS.....Once again, thanks Ross for hooking a sistah up!
4	The is a one of a kind Vegas strip shopping place. I finally found some comfortable shoes after looking two days at Premium outlets who didn't have my size in the ones I liked. My only problem with Ross is at checkout they only had two registers open...not cool with so many shoppers.
4	What a life saver.I had to present an award at a conference at the Aria.Whoops, some how my dress shirts, ties and jacket didn't make it into my luggage.I rolled into Crystal Mall to buy a shirt/tie.I asked the lady at the help desk where I could by an 'affordable' shirt in the mall.She asked me to define affordable.I said something south of $50.It was hard for her not to laugh. She said I'd be lucky to find a dress shirt less that $500 at the mall.Geez. What an upside down world.I wandered out onto the strip and saw Ross Dress for Less across the street.I strolled over there and picked up a nice tie and dress shirt for, get this, $25.Holy crap.Love it!Tip: Follow the signs for the escalators.Tip: Men's 2nd floor near the top of the escalators.
4	A haven among all the ritzy designer stores on the strip. My husband needed to pick up some undershirts and underwear for the last few days of our vacation, and my purse strap had just broken. Both problems solved quickly and cheaply.
1	This Ross is so packed you can't even stop to look at anything without getting pushed out of the way. Then if you do find something you like get in a  long line and wait for 20 minutes to try it on then another 20 minutes in line at the register. If your local avoid this store and go to a local Ross and shop at your own pace without the crowds and long lines. If your a Tourist did you seriously come all the way to Vegas to go to Ross?! Really?!
4	I had been planning my 21st Vegas trip for months... and still managed to forget my fancy dress shirts after 4 hours of driving.Luckily, Ross was only a few miles from our hotel and we spent some time walking around until we got there. Once there, i was able to pick up two dress shirts for $28 within 5 minutes! I was pretty pumped!The only down side? if you're looking for an easy bathroom, "they don't have one"
2	I LOVE ROSS. I visit a Ross store EVERY TIME I am in a city where this is one. Vegas, Hawaii, Florida, etc. We don't have them in NYC (nor anywhere North of Pennsylvania) so I get excited for Ross.The merchandise here is fine. I found a lot of Calvin Klein dresses. Very narrow aisles so hard to get around.Why 2 stars? The employees are beyond terrible. For one, the fitting room had 4 employees milling around not telling the line of people waiting for the fitting room to advance and be counted. You will also wait at the jewelry counter for an eternity - EVEN after you ask if someone will help you.And best - 34 customers in the check out line. 11 employees behind counters. ONLY 2 WORKING THE CASHIERS.LAZY with no concern for customers.
1	The worst ross.Built in such a cramped space. Weird layout have to take two scalators to get to women clothes, hate it!! Tons and tons of people. Super slow cashiers n Huge enormous line at checkout...Yes they have good deals, but next time i will skip this Ross, save the hassle and avoid this jungle.
1	I stopped in to grab something real quick...yeah right! They have about 12 cash registers so they look like they should be able to handle the traffic they get. Nope. They had over 100 people standing in line and only three registers open. There were plenty of other employees around but they were too busy doing important things like...talkin about who was dating who and laughing at lame jokes. Possibly the worst shopping experience I've ever had in a retail store. If you're on the stip and you need to hit up a Ross I recommend the one on the north end of the strip.
4	A typical conversation as I'm planning every Vegas trip:Wife:  What should we pack for our trip to Vegas?Me:  Don't care.  Probably just going to buy a bunch of stuff at Ross anyway.Wife:  What should I bring?Me:  Nothing.  Just buy a bunch of shit at Ross.Wife:  OK! Repeat 4-5 times each year.  This Ross has the best selection of any Ross on the planet.  I assume that's because it's on the Strip, and jammed full of people 24/7.  The only down side to shopping here is that you'll have to wait in line for about a half-hour just to check out.
2	I love shopping at Ross, if I have to shop at an actual store.  This Ross, however, was not a store I can vouch for.  This Ross store is not very well organized, it's not clean, and the staff are not as efficient and quick as you'd hope.  The San Francisco Ross (the one on Market street) gets just as busy, if not more, and the staff still manage to get the people going at a steady pace, and they keep a smile on their faces.  I had to come here to quickly shop  for a dress for an impromptu dinner service.  I spent ten minutes finding my dress, then forty minutes in the line waiting to pay for the dress.  You'd think Vegas being a tourist destination would mean for its stores to be more equipped to deal with high volume shoppers!!
3	I've been to this Ross Dress For Less once a long time ago when I was in Las Vegas.It's located on the strip, and it had 2 floors!!! It was pretty busy because it was on the strip, and it's Ross. Who doesn't like stopping by and seeing if they can hunt down any bargains they find throughout the store!It's not your typical Ross, because it has 2 floors!3 stars.
4	I'm from Canada and I've never been to a Ross before (yes I know, tragic) so when I saw this one, I decided it was time to do a little shopping. Ross is very much like a Winners or Marshalls but with about four times as much stuff per area. I spent over an hour just poking around, picking things out to try on. It's a packed store, not much room to maneuver and there were a lot of people there, but I took my time and found some amazing deals.The store itself was pretty messy, especially near the change rooms and the cash. You're only allowed to bring so many things into the change room and I had to leave a few things outside, but I didn't need them in the end. There are tons of goodies to be had in the cash line (surprise surprise impulse buys) and the line itself moved pretty quickly.When I went to pay, I was given the option (after swiping my credit card) to pay in CAD or USD, which I thought was great. Saved me some fees and I got the current exchange rate. Overall, a great store and I wish I'd come back to look for more. I couldn't believe some of the deals I got, including a dress fit for a wedding guest for $17 and two shirts for about $8 each!
3	WOW!!!! this place is very busy and be prepared for longggggg line ups at the cashier. Unless you have multiple items to buy, it would be waste of time to line up.The place is quite big and has multiple floors, you can find a lot of a good brands but will have to search for sizes. Enjoy shopping.
