2	Often at lunchtime I Google "food Madison" to give me inspiration for what I want to eat that day. Today I noticed this new restaurant just 1 block from where I work, so I checked it out. I was pretty excited because I've been missing having a hot dog/brat place to go to since Mad Dogs and Bison Jacks have both closed. First off, they accept cash only. I had to use the fee-free ATM located by the entrance. I wasn't feeling very adventurous today, so I ordered a grilled hot dog and the cheese curds that were raved about in the other posts. I like that the hot dog was grilled, but it wasn't worth the cost to me. I'd almost recommend they start using the soft, poppy-seed topped Chicago dog buns for the hot dogs to give it an added value besides the plain bun. The cheese curds I got weren't as appetizing as the ones in previous reviewers' posts. Granted, I took them to go and they squished them in the container so I could take them, but the breading was not crispy like the other photos made them look. I was quite disappointed. The staff were very friendly and helpful, though. That is always a positive. I really want to give them at least an A-OK rating right now, but based solely on my first visit, that is not my impression. I am planning to return to try a specialty sausage and their fries. I will update my review if the next visit changes my mind.
4	I thought the word "hipster chic" best describes OSS. I had the drunken ducky and it was good. I would have preferred a little less cranberry, but the sausage was great. The service was also very attentive.
5	Went there today for lunch and found it very tasty. I had the "egg roll" sausage, which was topped with Chinese-style vegetables and a drizzle of slightly spicy honey mustard and crowned with little fried wonton-like crunchies. My boyfriend had the bahn mi sausage, which was generously topped with peppers, daikon radishes, cilantro, carrots, and chili mayo. The cheese curds were nice and gooey. Apparently there will be somewhat of a rotating menu, so while I'm not sure we'll always be able to get these particular sausages, there'll be other intriguing things to try. I might try the vegan sausages next time. Other features - community style tables (but individual chairs rather than a bench), sturdy Mason jars for our water, nifty decor with a welcoming feel. Looking forward to going there again :)
2	I couldn't help myself and I went back two days after my initial review and ate in instead of taking it to go. I ordered The "Dining Room" and fries. The Dining Room was described as "A Habanero spiced pork sausage, topped with a roasted poblano sour cream, crispy tortilla strips, and fresh cilantro." I expected it to be spicy and delicious. It was barely spicy and the sausage was so dry I couldn't finish my last bite. I don't know if the etiquette is that I should have asked for something different, but I didn't want to give up after the first bite. Either way, I was very disappointed because I like my sausages to be nice and juicy. Now about the fries: They were a very good value. They had good flavor. However, my personal preference is that fries are crispy. These fries seemed to be flash fried. They had a nice color but they were soft and mushy. I took them back to the office and my coworker ate them, so maybe you'll like them if you like fries that aren't crispy.I really wanted to like this place, but I don't think I will return.
4	Went to OSS for lunch today. We had hotdogs, fries, and cheese curds. Food was delicious, small portions on the fries and cheese curds but food was cheap very yummy. Restaurant has very nice decoration. They had a good selection of beers that they serve in mason jars. Be careful, the restaurant is Cash Only, so come prepared( they do have a fee free atm but it was a little finicky for me) .
4	I went with my boyfriend today. We got the Mushroom and Swiss and the Drunky Duck. Both were very good. I preferred the duck and he preferred the mushroom. It's a cool looking space. The tables have little gears in them giving it a cool steam punk touch. The staff were very helpful and nice. They have a solid tap selection - Karben4, Ale Asylum, New Glarus. The prices are also fair. Definitely not overpriced. My only constructive criticism would be that the buns are lackluster. They should have them baked locally or make their own. They just couldn't compare to the delicious meat and fixings inside of them. Obviously they weren't bad, but just when compared to the gourmet level sausage... It is no way a reason I won't be back here a few days from now to try another sausage variety. Seriously so good.Rather I hope they see this and up the ante (whole wheat! - *nudge nudge*).All in all you must come try this place.I'm excited to support a new local business and can't wait to try the cheese curds other yelpers are raving about!
3	Every new restaurant has growing pains. This one is no different.A coworker and I went for lunch on a Friday. We got there at 11:10 to find the doors still locked. After trying to pry them open a few times a worker came and opened them for us, apologizing and feeling probably a little bad he forgot to unlock them. Not a huge deal but definitely the sign of a new place.The menu was very nicely labelled and easy to read and ordering was not an issue. The place is cash only, but there is a fee-free ATM inside to grab some cash.A gentleman that ordered after us attempted to pay with a $100. The cashier was pretty nervous as he said he didn't deal with a bill that size before and didn't know if there was special procedure. The customer ended up paying in singles. Another sign of a new restaurant.Like a chipotle the kitchen is in plain view for the customers to see. You would think employees that are handling cooked food would be wearing gloves while preparing the orders. Nope, not here. Even the manager snagged a few of my fries to eat himself while I was watching. Extremely unprofessional and unsanitary (though he did offer us some overcooked cheese curds, so that's good I guess?).The food was great. The chicago dog very authentic (being from chicagoland) and the fries were seasoned and cooked for just the right amount of time. A little pricey at $7.50* for the combo, but good nonetheless.The thing that irked me with this place was the food handling. I expect employees to be gloved when making food and packing it into containers, especially when it's done right in front of the customer. Up the service and sanitation a bit and this place will get a 5 star review.*-Tax is included in the price on the menu board. A HUGE plus.
4	Went to OSS for a late dinner this evening. A few things were a bit usual for this place, the entrance on the side instead of the front, cash only policy, and a very eclectic menu on "sausages." The decor was pretty cool. We were the only table while we ate, but I should imagine a group of friends enjoying quick eat in this place. They serve alcohol, too. We had one chill hot dog and a banh mi. The service was super fast.  Both were really delicious. This is certainly a very Americanized version of Banh mi the Vietnamese sandwich, but I felt the green chili pepper and cilantro worked really well with the sausage.My only reservation is its relative small portion size, especially if you compare OSS with subway or chipotle.  I know, i know, this might not be a fair comparison. OSS is still a pretty decent budget fast casual restaurant that I would return to.
4	I was in Madison and wanted to see what really good cheese curds taste like, and I had read that this place has 'em.  But even more thrilling was that OSS is also a wonderfully creative cafe with excellent fare all the way around, great atmosphere, and a friendly staff.The cheese curds were indeed excellent: they were of the cheddar variety, and they were fresh, lightly fried, and not too salty.  But this place specializes in sausages, and the have very creative and unique sausage combinations.  I had the Banh Mi and The Dining Room.  They both tasted great, and were prepared with care, although I will say that the Dining Room sausage was a bit dry and consequently had a mealy texture.  Another problem was the arrangement of the overall sandwich on the bun:  The bun was a bit too small, so the heap of cilantro and other things on top were impossible to keep in place, and I don't think I ever got a single bite with both the sausage and its toppings.  The Banh Mi did not suffer from the moisture issue, but the arrangement was still too awkward to enjoy without most of the ingredients spilling out of the bun.The decor attempts to emphasize the hacker or *maker* theme with lots of copper pipes, valves, tubes of bubbling liquids, cogs, etc., that give it a sort of upscale garage laboratory feel.  Herbie Hancock and Charles Mingus, two great innovators in their own rights, were both played while I was eating, so... Obviously hitting all my soft spots.The staff was very friendly, and there was a great selection of beers on tap to boot.  Definitely recommend!  I hope they can solve their logistics issues with the composition of the sandwiches.
4	Wow, what a great addition to the Regent Street area!  We tried three sausages: regular deep fried, Chicago and Bahn Mi.  All we great, moist, good snap to the casing and a little mess but that should be expected.  As a side we had cheese curds, light airy batter with squeaky cheddar inside!  Tap list was also fabulous, way better than average!  They had New Glarus Black Top on tap!!!!!!!! I love the esthetics!  Comfortable for collage students, but warm enough for families or game day goers! Service was stellar....5 stars!  Spoke with the owners and management staff, personable and excited about their product!  All staff were on top of there game and educated about menu.  We learned all sausages are sourced locally in Green County where they work collaboratively with the sausage make to develop personalized meats!
4	Went there for a take-away lunch today, Brat with relish and kraut, and fries.  Really excellent.  I've asked if they have retail sales, and the answer is not yet.  Would love to get a variety to grill at home.  But I'll definitely go back.
4	Been there twice now...Very friendly staff.  FANTASTIC fresh-made fries are a great deal.  The curds are among the best in town and a great deal too - it's not a huge order, but you certainly get your $4 bucks worth.  LOVE the siracha (sp?) mayo.However, $5.50 for a Chicago-style hot dog is just too much.  Sure it's a big hot dog and, make no mistake, it's tasty.  But when I can get a dog and fries for 2 or 3 bucks at just about any corner stand in the Chicago area, I just can't justify the prices at every hot dog place I've seen try to make it in the Mad city - including OSS.  Kudos on the selection of sausages they have on offer, but my sense is they won't be able to stick around too long unless they add some burgers and chicken sandwiches to the menu and let the sausage options be one of several strengths of their menu.Did I mention the fries?  Oh - do stop by for an order of fries if you do nothing else.btw - management: it's bordering on cruelty that you close at 11.  To let me fall in love with your curds but not allow me to buy them at bar time...just so wrong! :o)
5	I feel like the Regent St. area is overall very lacking in quality food establishments, so anytime I hear of a new spot there, I never get too excited about it. So, when a friend dragged me to OSS, I was anything but excited to check it out. My expectations were low, especially because i'm an herbivore in what sounded like a carnivore's playground. But OSS managed to well exceed my expectations, and has even become a place I actively try to make it out to! This is because OSS has good and cheap food, and they also have the other aspects of a restaurant down well.When I went, I was with a large group, and was easily able to find multiple large tables to accommodate us. The staff happily greeted us when we came in, and made it a priority to explain all of the details of their menu. The big selling point for me in particular:  They have VEGAN SAUSAGE! IN MULTIPLE STYLES! So obviously, I got myself the Italian with green peppers and onions. It was delicious, and tasted just like the real thing. My friends had some of the more speciality sausages, and also sang their praises for those. We also tried a couple of sides (the cheese curds, and the hand cut fries), and both of those were very good. The fries in particular are among some of the best i've had in Madison. On top of all this, the restaurant itself is a fun looking spot. It has plenty of large tables, seats that look more like they should be on a bicycle, and a lot of water tubes flowing around the walls. My friends noted that they felt like the place had a "steampunk" vibe.So, a great food menu, with a cool looking space, and some very fun and friendly employees make OSS a destination spot, especially in its prime Regent St location.
4	So a few months ago I taste a small piece of brat from this place and have been meaning to go ever since. Finally- made it there.They pretty much do only sausages, and a couple of sides. Vegans and Vegetarians fear not- they have choices for you too- and I hear they are good from a coworker. They have the traditional hotdog, brat, etc but then they have unique things like the Banh Mi inspired dog. I went for lunch ordered the Doner Kabob and Cheese Curds to go. The guy behind the counter said the cheese curds were best fresh fried, and the asked if I still wanted it. I appreciated the honesty and said yes anyway.  The guy packing my food offered me a fresh cheese curd and it was awesome. But a three minute walk to my work did not detract anything from them. Loved the Siracha Mayo with the cheese curds. Now to the Sausage, it definitely had some awesome Mediterranean flavors going on. I LOVED it. Did it taste like a doner kabob? Not really. But I can live with it.  A couple of small annoyance- they only take cash but they do have a free atm on site. And its a tad pricey. But OVERALL it is worth it and I will be back :-)
3	Was looking for a good dog driving through Madison. Came into the place excited and really liking the staff, intention, and ambiance. Left reasonably satisfied, though would likely venture a different location rather than return next time.We got the Drunky Ducky, Banh Mi, and Chicago Style Dog.Drunky Ducky - the Maple Bourbon flavored Duck sausage didn't stand a chance next to the heavy/ syrupy cranberry sauce. Great idea but ended up tasting like a jelly sandwich with a little mustard, onion, and oh yea, a sausage.Chicago Style Dog - all around a good dog but the the toppings and huge volume of bread made every bite wanting more dog.Banh Mi - definitely favorite of the three. Unique in the fact that it tastes like a fairly good Bahn Mi sandwich, except, it's a hot dog...Biggest gripe is with the buns; soft and bleach white but too big in comparison to the dog, would be better smaller and toasted/ a little crispy. The sausages are so good but get lost in the bread.Would return but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
4	BRILLIANT! Ian's for sausages... and done well. (That's lingo for Ian's Pizza for those of you non-Madisonians.) Strolled here with some co-workers last week and got to try the Doner Kabob (which tasted almost like a gyro), Curry & Fundido. Doner Kabob was the best but I wouldn't recommend skipping those curds or fries... they are worth. the. calories!Can't wait to hit up OSS again!
4	The fries are awesome, no doubt there. Been there twice and had the Korean BBQ brat once and the Phuket (Thai) brat the second time. The Korean BBQ brat was overwhelmed by the Kimchi and you couldn't really taste much beyond that. The Phuket though? Amazing. Coconut milk on a brat is astoundingly good. Restaurant also gets style points for the (evolving?) steampunky theme and the clever use of OSS throughout. Example: soda lids are "Our Spill Stoppers"Great, laid back place for a long weekday lunch - with good beers on tap, to boot. You may not make it back to work afterwards ;-)
4	Visited OSS (Open Source Sausages) Madison on a Sunday afternoon for an early dinner and we were impressed from the start. The building looks old but renovated very nicely. Has a trendy 'gears' motif that is nice and welcoming. We were greeted as we walked in and checked out the ordering board of a selection of various sausages and sandwiches. Very creative menu going from regular sausages (hot dog, bratwurst, polish) to upscale combinations like a Banh Mi and a Drunky Ducky. SO many choices - I went with the Chicago Hot Dog (I know boring right...) and my wife got the Smoked Brat. The Chicago dog was very tasty, good sausage - but the bun to meat ratio seemed a bit off. My wife thought her's was ok too but probably wouldn't go with smoked next time as the flavor wasn't her style and the casing was a bit tough. We also ordered a special of the day, Buffalo Cheese Curds! Yum! those were really good and another unique idea.What slight shortcomings there were in taste were more than made up by service and enthusiasm. The guy that took our order was very friendly and helpful. He brought the food out to us and even check on us to see if we needed anything else. Another manager/owner stopped by later and say HI as well and told us about a new outdoor patio/garden they would be adding very soon. We were really happy to have tried OSS and plan to return to try other menu options as well as check out the patio when its done. They guys running this place are doing things right and adjusting to make people happy along the way. Looking forward to stopping by again soon.
3	Hot dogs, polish sausage, brats all done well with some atmosphere. Tried the Chicago dog and the Polish sausage. Tasty, well prepared. No relish on the Chicago dog however.  But still good.  If there is a food item that Madison cries out for it is a good place for hot dogs and Italian beef.  OSS is filling a lot of that void.   Hits: friendly staff, prices are ok a tad high for the food. $4.50 for a hot dog seems a little high. Beer is served as well. Misses: prices are just a little high, noisy to carry on a conversation. I think if you added some sound deadening panels would improve the sound. No credit cards you have to pay cash or use the ATM inside to get the cash. No parking, need to borrow a space at Dean across the street. Wi-fi is free but need to have a mad city wifi account. Not provided by OSS.
5	I've visited OSS three times and I've had a great experience each time. They have a terrific selection of vegetarian/vegan sausages, and they have some of the best cheese curds in all of Madison. The atmosphere is fun and clean and the employees are always extremely friendly. Previously, they did not accept credit cards, but they do now.
5	Very unique atmosphere. They make their own sausages, which are tasty. The cheese curds are very good, and the honey mustard sauce is delicious. Wife is very picky about American food and she enjoyed the Drunky Duck Sausage.
3	My boyfriend and I stopped into OSS for lunch around 11:30 a couple weeks ago after looking over the menu a few times in the past. We were especially excited for the weekly special ( Buffalo Cheese Curds) after reading reviews that raved about their curds! I ordered the Korean BBQ dog and my bf got the Jerk dog which was on special along with the buffalo cheese curds. We received our sausages within 10 minutes of ordering and we both thoroughly enjoyed the flavor combinations! As other reviewers have mentioned, the buns were a bit too bready and dense for the unique flavors and could definitely be improved upon. But we overall enjoyed this aspect of our meal.Now on to the bad news... After looking forward to the cheese curds I had heard so much about, the serving we received about 5 minutes after our sausages was very disappointing. The coating was not at all crispy and far from the wonderful cheese curds other reviewers mentioned and I was expecting. This side was a major reason we wanted to try OSS so it was upsetting to have a negative experience with them. The flavor of the buffalo sauce was nice though.While the unique combinations available at OSS make me want to return in the future, the unpleasant aspects of my meal were disappointing.
4	Who wants a hotdog? Hot dog!? You mean those pig feet, horse tongue, who knows what's in those things, childhood lunch of champions? I do, I do! Except OSS's versions are delicious and you won't find any of those childhood leftovers in their meats. I tried the mothership of the sausage realm, the Chicago Style Dog. It was delicious. They split the dog in half and put some nice grill marks on it. Then it's put into a soft bun and topped with all the classics, but remember don't add ketchup. It's not for this dog. My only complaint would be that the bun was not a poppy seed. I'm not sure if that's the original way of doing things, but whenever I think of a Chicago dog I think, poppy seed bun.I also got an order of the fresh cut fries. The portion was good and the fries were really good! Take it from me, I cook fresh cut fries at events all over South Central Wisconsin.The atmosphere was cool, but as this place progresses along I'd love to see the steam-punk look become more evolved and on everything. Get industrial with those napkin holders and that soda machine. It's a machine. Do to it what the steam-punk revolution would do to it. Make it aggressive and all metal-y.Overall this place was really cool. If they stay open for Badger games and keep the beer flowing they will do really well.
4	How can anyone not like meat stuffed in a tube-like form?  Born and raised in Wisco, not liking sausage is simply not an option.  I have been to OSS a few times and feel they do a solid job with the different variety of sausages they offer.  I think they are inventive and creative (Bahn Mi, Tikka Masala, Doner Kabob) and are priced fairly reasonable.  But what makes any great sandwich is the bread and sadly, OSS doesn't deliver.  The bun is oversized and doesn't have the right consistency (hard outside, soft inside) of a quality sausage bun.  With the lack of easy and available parking, it will be interesting to see how OSS fares.  The college football crowd will definitely help boost business but will it be enough to keep them afloat?  Only time will tell.
5	We ordered three entrees and cheese curds between the two of us: Bahn Mi, Tika Masala, and Korean. Tiki was fave, but all rocked. Cheese curds were lights out, best of show. Can't wait to return to try others!!
5	My 20 something son raved about this place! and he doesn't rave about anything. Unique steam punk interior - cool. Hot dogs?not just hot dogs, Old School Stuffed meat - each one made with local ingredients and specific meat combination for each dish. I had the Bahn-Mi - very delicious, served with some of the best fries I've ever had. The staff was into the concept and were excited about explaining the menu. Definitely will go back. We went on the weekend for lunch, not a game day, students hadn't moved in yet, so it wasn't busy and we parked across the street. Given that it is on Regent you have to be creative if you need parking. But very much worth the hassle. Great concept for a restaurant, I think it will be wildly successful when everyone finds out about it.
5	Fantastic sausage. Cheap beer. Great place.  Menu changes all of the time and they make their own sausage. Also has a customer section where you can bring any recipe and they will try to turn it into a sausage.
5	Insanely delicious cheese curds. The connection between OSS and Green County's cheese community is clear.
4	This was my first visit to OSS and I have to say I'm pretty impressed.  I tried the vegan sausage.  They offer 3 types of Field Roast; italian, chipotle or sage.  The one I tried was the italian and it was delish!  Their fries are really good too!  Next time I will be trying the cheese curds.  OSS uses the Belly Card rewards program.  So I will be back and getting a freebie before long.  Any downsides?  Parking.  There isn't any.  I parked at Meriter and walked over.  Em, yeah, not good, but I wasn't going to waste gas driving in circles looking for a place to park and walk for blocks in the cold.
4	This place is a little gem. Fantastic service, creative selections, good beer selection, fun ambiance, and, oh yeah, delicious sausages. The smoked polish was awesome - hot, fresh, cracking skin, rich in flavor. Yum. The chorizo was a little disappointing - not that flavorful- but the doner kebab was awesome. The cheese curds were tasty but not as crispy on the outside as they should be - they were on the soft/greasy side. The handcut fries were yummy; not sure why they didn't come with dipping sauce the same way the curds did. Special kudos for the helpful, funny, perky-without-being-obnoxious cashier/server. She was great. We'll definitely be back.
4	My friend and I came to OSS Madison for hot dogs. I'd recently made a pilgrimage to Hot Doug's in Chicago before they closed their doors for good, and it was less of  a pilgrimage and more of a rite of passage. OSS has a Hot Doug's vibe to it, and it turns out our cashier/server has been on "research trips" to Hot Doug's. The service here is excellent. You're greeted and served with a smile, and our server was excited to make us recommendations on toppings for our vegan dog and show us magazines OSS had been featured in. I had a great time-the ambiance is casual, with wood picnic tables and interesting plumbing-themed decorations. As for the food, these guys have truly taken a page from Hot Doug's. The vegan dog was crunchy and charred, and paired well with the sport peppers. The doner kebab was by far my favorite of the two hot dogs we ordered. The cucumber yoghurt sauce was layered on thick, but did not overpower the cabbage slaw. The gamey taste of the lamb and chicken sausage was well-complemented by these two sauces/toppings. The cheese curds were another star, with crispy but not overly-fried cheese curds. Break them open, and the cheese curds ooze. The fries were also just as good. These guys know how to fry. I highly recommend OSS because its the complete package: service, ambiance, and food. I wish them the best of luck, and hope I can make a return trip soon!
5	Finally had an opportunity to try OSS and definitely worth the effort to get here...and to come back for seconds! Outstanding Sausage Selection might be one of the many things that OSS stands for. Others would be Our Sausage Shop or Original Sausage Specialties, but my two favorites....Ohio State Sucks (particularly pertinent this week) and Obviously Sparty Sucks! Whatever you want the acronym to be, it doesn't change what this place offers....great sausages and 'Or Sorta Sausage' (i.e. hot dogs and vegetarian options).The  draw is finely crafted sausages with flavors that you could only get from a place that makes their own. Definitely one of the best smoked polish sausages I've ever had (not getting it with kraut is sacrilegious! ) and the deep fried (Kevin) Bacon Wrapped Hot Dog is a carnivorous nirvana! My DNA (the youngest one) opted for the Chicken Fajita and raved about how great the spicy chicken sausage, with mexican cuisine inspired flavors, tasted. Alas, it was already off the menu by my second visit.With an ever changing menu of Original Special Selections (another OSS!!), as well as their menu standards, there is something to please even the most  Overly Selective Sybarite (again!). Patrons can even achieve limited time notoriety by submitting their own ideas for gastronomic originality with ideas for new sausage flavors. With sides of deep fried cheese curds or french fries, and great beer specials (today was BOGO!!), it's a great pre-Badger game day eatery.The only knock on the place is that parking can be a pain but, depending on the time, Meriter's parking lot across the street can be used. However far away you have to park though, it will be well worth your effort!
2	Not exactly hitting the mark! Needs improvement.If you are making something as simple as a hotdog or brat, it better be Damn Good! OSS...not so much.I'll start with the bun.....It's a bulky chunk of white bread almost resembling being stale. Bland and exactly not what I'm looking for. The Chicago dog: So many things wrong with this item to be calling it that. I'm sorry to the people of Chicago (the home a great hotdogs) that this happened to you.The menu says---- "Just how Chicagoans like it: tomato, relish, onions, pickle, celery salt, sport peppers, & yellow mustard. Never ketchup!"I think the cook got a little lazy on mine and I never received relish & sport peppers. When I think Chicago dog, I think Vienna sausage & sport peppers.....What happened here? Blah.... They even used one of their huge white brat buns on this item. Who does that?The $9.50 Sloppy dog: "A gigantic plate of food!" is what the menu says....Fooled me I guess. A simple hotdog on a brat bun again, a bowl of subpar chili, onions, and cheddar cheese. Just call it a regular chili dog and charge people the same as your Chicago dog. Overpriced.The  Kalberwurst, well maybe the closest thing to tasty I've had. It was a nice veal brat with mushy red cabbage...and that bun....oh yes that bun.Service: I enjoyed being welcomed in and asked if I had questions, but when I have to argue with you about whether I want to eat in or take my food to go all because the Groupon I purchased apparently in small print says "eat in".....That is a big NO!I understand that you wanted to take up more of my time to explain to me that your food taste so much better if I eat in, but honestly....Why are you arguing with me at all? I am trying to sample your food and become a long time customer because I work around the corner. Put my food in the "to go" container sitting right behind you and send me on my merry way!Atmosphere: Looks great. A handful of nice beer taps, and looks like somewhere "I would have wanted to go" have a beer and hotdog after work. Emphasis the WOULD HAVE....
4	Dude! This place is really fun. Their menu rotates frequently, it's creative, it's flavorful...and the curds!THE CURDS!!!
5	This place was great and exactly as described. Many delicious original and special sausages for a great price (most sausages are under $8). They also have two vegan sausages. My sister tried the applewood and sage with a sweet mustard and enjoyed it. It's a great space too. Well designed with gears and welded metal design (almost steampunk? But not quite?). Lots of clever "OSS" meanings too including: Ohio State Sucks and Oink, Sausage, Served  The manager is phenomenal. He is so enthusiastic and knowledgable. If you have any questions ask him and he will happily help you.
5	Nice people-great staff who make you feel welcome, and fun menu. Smoked brat & short rib sausage special were great. Excellent location for Badger game days at the Kohl Center.
4	Outstanding ! Staff friendly but tre correct and professional Food classical & perfect. Perfect evening
