5	Sam is the first guy to call before you even book your flight!!!!  Excellent service and very professional.  Would highly recommend Vegas Atmosphere to anyone in charge of a "guys" weekend.
5	I celebrated my birthday 2 weeks ago & one of my buddies found out about atmosphere models from an internet search. He booked a bunch of models for our group and we ended up having an epic night at Hyde. Sam got us a buy 2 bottles get 1 free deal and we ended up with 6 bottles and 6 models that night. This service isn't for sleazy guys looking for a cheap thrill. As we were assured, these models were really fun, nice, and outgoing. We didn't feel like we were with some low-class club rats. It was top notch all around, nothing shady about it. The models even helped draw in other girls to our table, so when the time we booked them for was up, we still had plenty of girls with us. Great experience, we'll definitely be in touch for our next Vegas trip.
5	Wow, amazing! I booked models with Vegas Atmosphere for a bachelor party last weekend. I couldn't be more please with the service from the planning phase to the actual parties. Sam, the guy who runs it, helped our group get bottle deals at the club. I didn't even know that was possible & it saved our group lots of money. The models we requested looked even better than their pictures and were so much fun. Quality girls. We also booked a cabana at Encore Beach Club. They were originally going to give us a daybed in a terrible location, but when we met with Sam and the models, he seemed to be good friends with everyone there and got us upgraded to a cabana! These models were just as hot and fun as the ones from the night before. It turned out to be an amazing bachelor party weekend and those 2 events were the highlight of it all. I'll definitely go through Vegas Atmosphere for my next Vegas trip.
5	I had some buddies visiting from out of town and of course they were relying on me to set up the weekend plans. I really didn't have the time for it, but fortunately I stumbled upon this service. Vegas Atmosphere planned the entire weekend and provided models to hang out with my friends at Encore Beach Club. They even hooked up bottle deals at night for 1Oak and XS. It was so convenient and my friends had a great time.
5	I was bit a concern about hiring models to party at my friend's bachelor party. However, Sam put me in ease and guarantee a fun time with the beautiful ladies. The models were absolutely beautiful and very attentive to my group. I couldn't ask for anything more from this service. If you are looking for an honest, reliable, fun and on-time service. This is for you! Do Vegas the right way........
5	Heard about Vegas atmosphere from a friend. Decided to try it when a group of 3 guys and myself went to Vegas for my 21st. From the second we were in contact everything was very professional and went down exactly as promised. The girls were amazing, soooo friendly (and hot too!) and really made the night 100x better! Will definitely use Vegas atmosphere next time I'm in town!!!!
5	Our company had a client appreciation party after a convention in Las Vegas and Vegas Atmosphere made the whole experience so much easier and much more fun! They found a venue for us with an open bar in a private section of the nightclub for all of our guests for $7000 total, and it was a total hit. Being in a male dominated industry, our clients were very pleased when we had 15 hired models to mingle and interact with everyone. The models were beautiful, friendly, and really made the party a success. We threw this same type of party last year, and the feedback this year was ten times better. Our clients are now really looking forward to next year's corporate event, which made my boss really happy. Thank you so much!
5	I used Vegas atmosphere last year for the pool party season and I will for sure be using the service again this year. I met with the owner, Sam, who was easy to get along with and helped out with any requests I had. We used his service once for the pool party and and once for the nightclubs. We were met with gorgeous beautiful women who were a blast on both occasions. It will make your club/pool party experience a hundred times better. You wont regret it.
5	This was an amazing way to get the party started! I went to Las Vegas for a bachelor party and decided to use this service. Not only would it have been impossible to get into any clubs without our Atmosphere models, but they made it that much easier to get even more girls to our table. They showed us a great time, and made us look cool in the process. As a group, it was much easier to get women when we had 6 beautiful girls around us.... I will be calling Atmosphere every time I come to Vegas.
5	I used Vegas Atmosphere last weekend when planning a bachelor party for my best friend. I must say, the service was excellent. We had beautiful girls around the bachelor all weekend long and he couldn't have been happier. The models were beautiful, cool, and really nice. We used Vegas Atmosphere when going to XS and Marquee and had a host of great girls with us that made the bachelor feel special. The girls were also great and getting other girls to come visit our table and have drinks with the bachelor.  The service was excellent and the man who runs the company is a pleasure to deal with. Would definitely recommend this service to anyone looking to have a fun weekend with friends.  Would definitely use this service again on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Great service! The owner of this company was very professional and my time was unforgettable. The girls were extremely fun to party with and had great energy. I highly recommend this company to anyone who is going thru a divorce or looking for hot and awesome girls to party with.
5	I used Vegas Atmosphere for a close friends divorce party. Being a female, I wasn't sure about how to throw a fun weekend for a guy and this seemed like a fun option. Sam provided models that were fun and got the party started. My friend had a blast at Drais pool / beach club and had no idea all the beautiful girls entertaining him were professional atmosphere models ! This is a great service if your looking to have a Vegas party weekend or celebration . What's nice too is that the models weren't sleazy or trashy . I had a great time with them .
