5	Wow. The food here is delicious ! The staff is super friendly. Definitely a "go to" healthy super tastey menu. The crab cakes are some of the best I've had! Randy our server recommended the salmon and man was she spot on!
5	Great new restaurant--welcome to the neighborhood!! Lots of farm fresh options, hangar steak was delicious. Will definitely be back to explore the menu!
5	So wonderful!  The service was great, and the atmosphere was hip and casual. We came on what I believe was their opening night. So, the rain storm was crazy, but we were determined. Lucky for us,  there was mucho seating. We split the salmon mango salsa. The fish melted in my mouth.I had the seafood pasta. So flavorful and filling. If you are a fan of red sauce, and mussels, and being really full, this is the dish for you! My friend got the tuna nicoise salad.  She ate every last bite. Very clean, fresh, and flavorful. We will definitely come back!
5	Great find.  Good was so yummy and fresh.  The service was impeccable.  Even offers a Togo cup for some water.   Check it out!
5	Great light bite with friendly service. It's definitely worth checking out.. It is in a place called, Container Park. Cool concept park with a tree house that turns into an adult play area. Next to the Fremont Experience. Downtown LV.
3	The Perch; give it some time and they will get things right, I feel, because they really seem to care about their business. Let's get to the grub, in order of appearance:Crab cakes...nearly all filler, and not all that flavorful to make up for the lack of crab. I would suggest passing on this unless they change the recipe to include more crab (not krab, please!).Salmon entree was pretty good and cooked to the temperature requested; a good portion for the price paid, but what really made this dish stand out are the Brussel sprouts...ask for those with any other entree; they're that good.Chicken entree was thin and not all that flavorful but a decent portion. This entree came with a salad that had a fantastic vinaigrette (I believe) but the leaves were too roughage-like for me and somewhat bitter. Creme brulee was done nicely and what you'd expect; it's hard to screw up custard with caramelized sugar. The highlight of the meal was the tiramisu. This was fantastic and not over-done in the rum department as most places do. I will go back for this alone, with maybe a cordial to wash it down since they have a full bar as well. Ambiance: If it's busy, as it was on my visit, it's far too loud in this small space due to a lack of acoustical panels or other noise dampening decor.  Yes, I understand I'm sitting in a 'storage container', but several things can be done to make the space not so harsh. That annoys me while dining out more than bad service. Please look into taming down the space considerably. Service: Excellent from both the server and the manager who checked on the table twice. From the minute I walked in I felt like all staff truly cared about the patrons. They were happy to be there; that makes me happy to be there too. Overall it's worth a stop by if you're in the area since the dining options (that I would recommend at least) are somewhat limited on East Fremont. Make suggestions if you do go; I feel this establishment may actually listen.
5	Fun place to try. They had a different kind of foods. Something different! I had the margarita pizza; was Delish!! Calamari and crab cakes my husband loved.  My husband had a IPA beer, he liked it a lot.  Kids menu price was very reasonable. Service was really attentive and good!
5	Lucia flatbread and the beef tartare were awesome, desserts were great too.  Great place for dinner with friends.
5	In the first 10 days they've been open, we've been here for both lunch and dinner. It's been difficult to convince my husband to come to dinner in the Container Park in the past, but I don't think I'll have that problem any more!I'd suggest sitting outside. It's cooled down enough that it's fine as long as you have an umbrella, and you'll get the background music of the stage without the clamor of other diners that one of the other reviews mentioned. Just don't sit at the couches unless you're planning to only have appetizers/desserts and drinks. The tables are too short for entrees.Food: The potato puree that came with my husband's beef carpaccio was so good that he, literally, created a wall of drinking glasses to prevent me from taking bites of it. His chicken paillard was good, but not great. I've had salads both times, the Onassis the first time (great big slab of feta!) and the Perch the second time. The Perch was good, but I liked the Onassis better. Service: We've had incredibly attentive service both times, and making reservations with Yelp's service is really easy. When we went for lunch on Saturday, we met friends, and my Perch salad came out after their entrees, so our waitress comped my gin fizz. It wasn't a significant delay, but it was long enough to order and receive the drink, so it was very much appreciated.
5	Awesome place! Great environment and fabulous staff! The place to be in the LV! Nora is the best ask for her!!!
5	The Perch is a nice place to grab a drink and a bite to eat. It has a casual yet upbeat atmosphere. The menu is simple however the food and service are very good!
5	Ate there for the first time tonight. Very friendly staff with excellent food and service. We were served by Caitlyn (Kaitlin) not sure of the spelling. Great lager from Spain and great German Riesling sine. Desert was fantastic.
5	I think the Perch may have the best fries I've ever had.  I loved, "The Egg" salad as well.  Our server, Amy was great too.  I love the whole concept of the Container Park and I'm so glad we chose to dine at The Perch.  I'd definitely return next time I'm in Vegas and I recommend it to others.
5	The food was excellent. It far exceeded our expectations. The service was friendly and attentive. Recommend it for something different.
4	Love this new place! Since we got siked out from the Wineyard being only open on Fridays which is a bummer, we were looking for a Tuesday night Happy Hour.  Heard about this opening and so glad we went.Service and food were amazing!  Plus it's so cute! It was a perfect night to dine outside.  And while no happy hour, the prices are very reasonable.  We had 2 flatbreads which were both really good.  One with quail egg, spinach abs cheese, so yummy!  The other was a shrimp, cilantro and bean one, also very delicious.  Fries with garlic aioli was my fav, I will crave these and must go back!The wine was perfectly chilled as we'll and everyone who greeted and served us was super nice! Definitely going back, will be a regular :)
3	Went with large group last week for a birthday and they were very accommodating. The service was prompt , the space is very cute and the prices quite reasonable. This is certainly a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I will definitely be back. The cocktails were creative and generally pretty good and the beer and wine list had a nice selection for sure. The food was sort of a mixed bag unfortunately but it was their first week so I'm definitely willing to cut them some slack. Hopefully my thoughts below will be somewhat constructive. Small Plates:The Salmon Tiradito was great as were the Tuna Tartare and Beef Tartare. For the price I'd say the beef tartare is some of the best I've had in Vegas. The crabcakes on the other hand were pretty wretched. It was hard to identify more than a shred of crab meat in them. It seemed they were composed almost entirely of a filler of some sort and they had the consistency of an undercooked biscuit. The seasonal pickles were similarly hard to enjoy as they were so salty they were basically inedible. They were clearly home-made so I'm hoping it was just a bad batch that no one in the kitchen actually tried this particular jar. It would be better to pull them from them menu for a week while a new batch was made than serve something this salty. The Beet Carpaccio was decent but the acidity of the lemon juice was a bit overpowering and it could have used something to balance it out. Flat Breads: The Belle was superb and the kitchen had taken the time to properly caramelize the onions which was very much appreciated and not often done. The Lucia was also very nice with a flavorful sausage on top and I'm not typically a big sausage fan. The Cecilia however was a bit of a miss for me. The seared tuna just didn't play well with the acidity of the capers, olives and tomato sauce. Large Plates:The Hanger Steak Sandwich was a damn good sandwich. Cooked to temperature and smothered with their wonderful caramelized onions with a dollop of aioli. The grilled Salmon wasn't quite so hot. The fish itself was moist but the brussel sprouts a bit soggy and the flavors of the salsa didn't quite work with the fish or the vegetables. All in all an enjoyable evening but I think they would be well served to scale down their menu. Right now there are just too many dishes that aren't working.
1	Another restaurant posting 11pm close but the kitchen closes @ 10pm. Obviously ran by mammalukes. wasted our time with these clowns arriving slightly after 10 to be denied... thanks the perch for wasting my time..
4	Had a good time after hanging out at First Friday. Drinks were excellent and husband said the Calamari was great too.
5	I went with friends for dinner last week.  I had the salmon and they had the crab salad and the steak fritte; all were very good.  The "share" plates are wonderful appetizers, very simple and delicious.  The service was great and the location comfortable and fun.  All in all a great experience. I'm going back as soon as I can.  The prices were very reasonable.
4	Was initially concerned that this restaurant would be a bit too hipster-veggie for me upon seeing their scant menu. Turns out they're quite carnivore friendly and focus on doing a few things very well.Had the hanger steak frites, with garlic aeoli. Turns out the garlic aeoli goes better on the STEAK than the frites (fries), truly enhancing the flavor. Once I figured this out, I was good to go and had a delicious time. The fries are lightly salted, crisp, and tasty. The service is great. I love how brightly lit the space is with clean lines and the pink-lit shelves behind the bar. So glad there's another restaurant outside of barbecue and Mexican at the Container Park. Can't wait to go again!
4	Was here October 16, 2014 for my birthday dinner.  Awesome place...Only thing I would not recommend was the Beet Carpaccio, but the rest was a piece of heaven.
1	WTF is up with LV restaurants stating over the phone the kitchen's open till 11, but refusing to serve guests at 10:22 after they rush across town??  We were looking forward to checking out this new spot, but after the bartender rebuffed us so arrogantly upon arrival, we're over it. See ya, Perch!
5	We found The Perch by accident and can't wait to go back. Perfect size portions for sharing. Loved the crab cake and shrimp flat bread. The build your own Bloody Mary was both brilliant and delicious. It's refreshing to have a new place to frequent.
5	So clean!  Great service!  The food is spot on Every Time!  Favorite is the beef tartare which seems totally scary because it's raw meat and a raw quill egg but it's freaking amazing unreal and I also like that Bianca flatbread and the Allegra flatbread the Allegra sounds totally weird like refried black beans shrimp who would think to put that all together on a pizza but it's on unbelievable you got to go in there you got to see it it's so fun it's so yummy it's so unique and it's so awesome and Chef Sonia is amazing!!!!
4	Located inside Container Park on the second floor near the stage area. They only have a few tables inside and outside, and a bar.Your menu is the napkin holder. Although the menu seems small (only a few selections) - everything looked interesting. There was only one server the times I've been here but service has always been good.Crab Cake:Lots of crab meat. The sauce is spicy. 4/5Fries with Garlic Aioli:Amazingly crunchy. They must double fry their potatoes. The aioli had a strong garlic flavor which I love. I can finish the entire plate all by myself. 4.5/5Salmon:Comes with Brussels sprouts, asparagus and topped with guacamole. The Brussels sprouts were tender and I like them a bit crunchy. The salmon was perfectly cooked and seasoned. 3/5The Terrace:Shrimp with Chimichurri, grilled corn, avocado, and tomato. Refreshing and light. I love the flavor combo. 4/5Try their flatbreads! Their portions are perfect which means if you're into super sized meals, you might want to get lots of food...that is if you're willing to pay $8-15 per plate.
5	What an incredible find! The container park is such a cool concept- an oasis, really. The Perch is aptly named as it gives a great view of the park. The food was fresh and fantastic and we loved the DIY blood mary. Service was fantastic as well- thank you Amy for treating so well! We were staying downtown and it was nice to get a bit of a break from the casino scene and a delicious, refreshing salad. We will definitely be back next time we're in town!
3	I went here for the first time with a few friends just the other day.  The food was solid, but nothing great.  The prices for everything seemed a bit high for the quality of food we received, but not ridiculous.  Service was OK, and the food was OK.  If some friends want to try it, I'd go again and try something different, but I'll probably be trying one of the other restaurants nearby next time.
5	Nice dining in a container park, who knew?The salmon entree was served with what I would call guacamole that was delicious.  The accompanying Brussels sprouts were also done well...and thank you for asking how I "done" I preferred my salmon!  That question is asked so rarely for fish that it threw us all for a loop.  The hanger steak sandwich was also a hit.  Full of flavor with amazing carmelized onions.  Really good fries. Limited, but interesting and appropriate beer and wine selection.  Service was friendly and attentive. If the weather permits, sit on the patio.
1	I wish I could place the photo for reference here but I did add the photo to the collection. I was excited to try The Perch for the first time last night. I ordered their $20 Egg Salad with steak and ask for it to go. My destination was right in the park so this wasn't due to travel time but when I opened up my salad, I was extremely disappointed. The bread crostini were so hard I couldn't even eat them, literally could not even bite into it. The poached egg was still half raw and yolkless, couldn't eat it that either. The steak was really rare and looked like it had been squeezed together. The salad itself was seriously maybe 6 bites worth that included some bacon pieces, possibly less than 2oz of steak. This was not a refined $20 salad I was expecting, it was a $4 dollar salad at best. I will not be trying there food again because the lack of passion for the food clearly shows. Restaurants should be proud of the food they are putting out, even if it is to go.
4	It was tasty. Service was great. I had the salmon appetizer and fries. Both were really good.
5	On my first (so far) visit to the container park, I took a change and brought my out of town guests to the Perch for a late afternoon Sunday dinner.  The service was excellent, the setting on a balmy afternoon into evening (with doors open) was very relaxed and comfortable, and the food was excellent.   I will be back and will encourage my local and visiting friends to do the same!Three of us shared the olive tampanade and fresh mozzarella starters...simple and delicious.   I had the salmon served over brussel sprouts and asparagus...perfectly cooked to my requested 'done' temperature, very fresh, and very tasty...although the sauce... which I had had on the side...has a kick to it!   My guests enjoyed their entrees, not a scrap left on the plates...again a testimony to perfect portion sizes.    The two deserts we 'shared' were scrumptious...the poached pears in a ricotta 'pudding' tasted amazing, but I snarfed down the hazelnut flourless chocolate torte with fresh whipped cream... I am looking forward to the next time I get over to that side of town!  Go.  you won't be disappointed.
5	Steak Tartar was delicious. View and service were awesome as expected. My only concern was that it was very hard to hear in the enclosed dining area, though the music was not loud. I think it was the fact that it room is glass enclosed. I will be going back to work my way through the menu.
4	Looooooove going to the Container Park in downtown, and this little cozy restaurant/lounge is located within the park. Stopped by for some food around 9pm and there wasn't many people around. We ordered fries with garlic aioli, beef tartare, power green salad, terrace salad, mushroom flatbread and salmon tiradito (omg that's a lot of food even for four people haha)! Food was very good, I love loved the terrace salad as well as the power green salad. There was nothing special about the fries even though the garlic aioli was amazing! Personally I'm not a huge fan for raw food so I didn't enjoy the beef tartare or the salmon tiradito, but my friends loved them! Service here was decent, it took a little bit before our waiter showed up at the beginning but after that, everyone was very attentive. They constantly came by to check on how everything's going and filled our water. Oh! Did I mention that there was a live band playing downstairs as well? So there was a nice view, good music and delicious food. Definitely will be back soon and try some of other things on their menu.
5	Ordered beef tartare, hangar sandwich, angel hair, and juice. They were a bit slow in serving the angel hair. Wasn't a huge deal. Turns out they took it off our bill, took the drink off our bill, and gave us a complimentary belle flatbread and a complimenary torte cake. The food was pretty great too, for that matter.
5	Great atmosphere, waitress Chelsy was beyond lovely and caring. The best! Will definitely come back any day :)
5	The food was good an unique, decent beer selection in a great environment.  The combination makes it a 5 star in satisfaction and chIll level. Even thought a meal I ordered I thought was too salty our waitress Chelsey insisted and took it back to remake even thought I felt bad about it...our waitress even offered to take out beer off our tab as she thought we were not satisfied with everything though we said it was okay. That type of service from our waitress, knowledge of beers and spirits from the bartender, and the professional manner of the cook that remade our food and brought it out personally, which tasted much better made it a great experience.  Take a break from donating to the casinos and come here to remove all the tension and have a great time.
5	Had the Grilled Salmon w brussel sprouts - DEEEEELICIOUS!!!Service was SUUUPERB!!!!Kirby was fantastic and a service professional.Overall FANTASTIC... And it has a VIEW.
5	This place is absolutely the best place to get a quality meal in Container Park. Yes its also very pricey (not any more than bin702, but obviously more than tacos or bbq), but the presentation and satisfaction makes it worth it. Drink are amazing and service is on point. Glad this place is open now!
5	We found this place by accident.  It's just a few blocks from Freemont Street.  We didn't like the overpriced and gimmicky choices near our hotel, and found found this lovely little spot on the second level in the corner of a nearby container park.   There wasn't any live music outside the night we went, but the comfy couches and heat lamps made dining outdoors in December perfect.  The food was fresh, healthy and reasonably priced.
4	Creative food in a fun retro atmosphere. Went here with my parents for a late lunch while checking out Container Park. We had the beet carpaccio, the grilled corn and shrimp salad (I think it might've been called the "Terrace"), the steak sandwich, and the french fries. The sandwich was delicious, as was the salad. The carpaccio beets were great quality, but served raw, which I didn't love - would've been better if they had been allowed to marinate in the vinaigrette for a little while. Great idea, though, something I would potentially make and serve. The fries were great quality and perfectly cooked. They seemed to be cooked in some kind of animal fat, likely pork. I prefer vegetable oil for fries, but my dining companions seemed to enjoy them very much. My dad had a salad called "The egg", which came with a poached egg and thick-cut bacon. He seemed to enjoy it. I stole a few pieces of bacon, which was tasty.All in all, tasty food, warm and respectful service, and fun setting. I recommend The Perch!
4	Located in Container Park, The Perch is a cool place to eat downtown.- Crab Cakes, Spicy Aioli- Angel Hair, Anchovy, Almond, Currants- Belle Flatbread - Grilled Chicken, Bacon, Caramelized Onions- Power Greens - Spinach, Kale, Arugula, Shaved Brussels Sprouts, Asparagus, Pears, Sunflower, Pumpkin Seeds, Almonds, Sherry VinaigretteThe foods were all great. Angel Hair was a bit too salty, but it's refreshing to see something other than tomato cream laden overcooked pasta like most Italian restaurants offer. Crab Cakes came with spicy aioli that had unique unmentioned flavor.Yep. I like The Perch.
3	Located on the 2nd level of container park.  Very cute and bright space.  Menus are wrapped around napkins.   Green flash West coast ipa on tap! Service is very slow. Do not come if you have hungry kids or are looking for a quick bite.  We ordered a side of French fries and it came with an aioli that tasted strongly of raw garlic.  Steak sandwich was nowhere close to medium rare as ordered- more like medium well to well done. Aioli that came with the sandwich had a strange skin on the top and may have sat around awhile before being served? Fries are thick cut rather than crispy.  Power greens salad had a super salty dressing.   I liked it but it may not be to everyone's taste.  My daughter said the same thing about her chicken pailliard dish.   Overall portions are on the small side but were perfect for our group.  I think there might be a kids menu? New Year's flyer mentioned it,  but we weren't offered it even though we had kids in our group.  Best to ask for it.We would probably try one of the other eateries in the area before eating here again.
5	A little treasure we found while wandering. Excellent food great drinks and wine. Everything well thought out. Loved it!
4	best place to eat in container park! salmon, beef carpaccio, and the calamari are my favorites!
5	Went here on New Years Eve 2015. Surprisingly (for a place located within short walking distance from Fremont Street Experience) it was very quiet, not overpriced, and had plenty of tables available for walk-in guests like us! Very pleasant place, good service and AWESOME food! Very creative, familiar foods tasted unusual and unusually good! I had Tuna Tartar, Angel Hair, and Ricotta Cup with Pears as a dessert. Everything was just fantastic!
5	We just love the selection of food and drinks at the Perch. So much so that we went there twice in our short trip. The service is great and the atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. We may just plan a trip once again to go here once again.
5	Had the Bianca flatbread, it was one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. Our server was also super nice and very knowledgeable. Would definitely come back!
5	An amazing dining experience!I found this place at the last minute as I was searching for a place to eat with my family in the area.First off the location is amazing, the downtown container park is a true gem and should be on every person's lost coming to Vegas. The restaurant itself is really nice with nth indoor and outdoor seating and a very cool and modern design.WE came hungry so we ordered almost everything in the menu and we're extremely impressed!Some highlights:Tuna tartare: one of the best I've had , melt in your mouth with mango and avocado, highly recommended.Lettuce cups: steak!! So fresh!! Best I've ever hadChicken sandwich: I barely ever order chicken when I go out but this sounded so good so I went for it. Sooo tasty! Very unique!!Desserts: we tasted all of them and each of them we're amazing!Staff and service: impeccable and extremely friendly! DO YOURSELF AND YOUR APPETITE A FAVOR AND GO CHECK OUT THIS AMAZING SPOT!!
1	This place is expensive and overrated.  Where do people get off with 5 stars?  The container park theme is awful.  Looks llke downtown LA.  Complete with a screaming crazy street person out in front.  The grounds look dirty and cheap.  Prices were outrageous for what you got.  Will never go back there again.  Had some crab louie salad.  So they cut an avocado in 2, slop a brown looking ball of god knows what into the pit area, and set it on top of some butter leaf lettuce.  Easily the worst I have ever seen in this type of fare.  My little friend got who knows what, but even she was put off by the food.  It looked bad from my side of the table.  Maybe this is the best you can do downtown, but I can get excellent, and tasty, dinner entrees at places like the Venetian for about the same money.  Better ambiance too.  I don't give a crap if it is supposed to be a cool hipster dive.  It was an awful experience and the food was downright repulsive.
