2	Okey Dokey, so not sure where to start here so I'll start at walking in...This restaurant is set-up like a 50's themed burger joint (think Al's of Happy Day's and you are in the ballpark). The first things you see upon walking in are the open kitchen, flurry of cooks & servers and the open storage area! Now, I get that it takes time and money to build walls, but there is something basically wrong with the customer having to look into a storage area. Bun racks, paper product storage racks, etc. You see, dear reader, it is my my contention that restaurants are magic places! You walk in, some friendly young person walks up and introduces themselves and eventually brings you food and drink. YOu pay, you go home, no dishes! That is freakin MAGIC! At no time should a manager or owner be able to do inventory and make a US Food order while eating at the counter. I find it odd and off-putting. Not that it was messy or anything, but that it was in my face...........Magic gone.On to the service! I am under the impression that last night was night number one. Though I believe that I should cut them a little slack on this point, I cannot. There were about 8 total servers for a very slow first night. But once our young lady came to the table and pushed the other young lady taking our drink order out of the way (literally!) it got very weird, very quick.  I believe that a restaurant should NOT open until there some type of system for order taking in place.  There seems to have been none at this juncture! She wrote the whole order longhand and it was painfully slow! The cooks weren't sure what was going on and then we got to listen to the head cook tell her how to write the order properly and she was fairly under appreciative of his constructive criticism. It was not great!Food! Oh food, you devil! Really the crux of the restaurant, am I right!?! Well, here's the thing about food and restaurants and names and words put under names on signs. IF your sign reads "HWY 55: Burgers, wings and shakes" then the burgers, wings and shakes better be off the frickin chain! Like, when I eat your burger, I should stop wanting to converse with my dining partners and just bask in the glory of the grilled meat in front of me. Like, if I died at the moment of my last bite, I would happily go to the afterlife wanting no more form this mortal coil. Like if you were eating with nuns and one said "Holy Shit this is a good burger" you would not think twice about it! I Well, not so much here. It was a burger. Meat, bun, condiments. (Cheap bun, btw.) And to boot, I was served a kids sized burger (there is regular, very small burger, or Andy's size which is a normal size) for my Pimento cheese burger. I am 6 feet 2 inches and about 220 lbs! I do not tend to eat kid meals! My wife got the Toasted Pimento Cheese sandwich, which was really the best thing at the table with one exception: The menu said "generous" portion of pimento cheese. This was not a sandwich which was generously proportioned with cheese, BUT at least it was tasty pimento. My daughter got the kids meal (cause she's a kid) and the burger was soooo overcooked we still don't know how she ate it! (KIDS!) I had to shut my 11 year old up as he was trying to say how awful it looked so she didn't know better. Other best part of the meal was the bacon on my son's burger. Definitely a generous portion and it was tasty as well! Tea was fine, shakes were good and fries were ordinary.The decor is the generic 50's stuff you see at every 50's themed joint with the exception that there was not a single picture of Fonzie! (WHAT!?!?)Overall a mediocre experience at best. My son said on the way out that he was in no great rush to return and I am on board there. It wasn't awful but it wasn't worth the $30 for our dinner either (BTW the cashier had to call the waitress over to read the ticket because as aforementioned there seems to be no systems for tickets in place.)I think the worst thing of all is that it seems to be rushed into opening. If your staff is under-trained and your systems are not in place for communications between waitstaff to cooks and waitstaff to cashiers, etc, then you are just looking for troubles. This place has found those troubles. They were not prepared to open, so they shouldn't have. We will not suggest it to friends which means they have already lost ours and others business in the future.
5	Delicious food at very reasonable prices. Great for this college area of town. MILKSHAKES are so good!
3	3 stars for the food, 2 stars for the price.  This location is near the Walmart on N. Tryon.  $5.99 for a hamburger -- not a combo, just the sandwich.  Add $2 for fries and a drink (Pepsi products).  It's waited, so add $1 - $2 per person for tip; plus tax, and it's pushing $10.  The food was fine, the staff were nice; the prices were a little steep for the ambiance, I think.  I had an oreo shake, which was tasty.  They have "concretes" -- frozen custard.
3	Soooo, though this is not the reason why I YELP, it was a nice surprise that I got a message from the owner of HWY55 to offer me a second visit with my family to try them again and re-review. He let me know that they had more systems in place and got their general act together. We were glad for the opportunity cause I, believe it or not, don't like writing bad reviews! We got to the restaurant at dinner time (5ish). I approached the fellow who seemed to be in charge and indeed I was correct. It is a weird moment when you have to approach restaurant manager and introduce yourself as the guy who gave them a crappy write-up and are there for your free meal. He was endlessly cordial and friendly about it, making sure to mention that without folks talking straight in reviews, that they couldn't improve. I admired that attitude so things started out pretty well. So the first thing I noticed was that, service-wise, they were understaffed for the time of day. The young lady that was waiting tables was very pleasant though and handled the stress with dignity and a smile.  At the end of our meal there were more servers, so there may have been late arrivals or cal-outs. It could have been a bad situation but it seemed to be handled well enough. On the funny side, I don't know if the manager told her why we were there, but while taking our order she seemed a little nervous, though pleasant, and forgot to take my order after the rest of my family. No issues and she giggled when I mentioned it.The food was definitely better this time though, again, did not blow my mind. We tried to order as close to the last time as possible to the original visit to get a generally true comparison. My wife got the pimento cheese sandwich which, again, was tasty but lacking the generous-ness of cheese portion spoken of on the menu. Still really good pimento cheese for real! My pimiento cheese burger was of proper size and was tasty. I got the chili cheese fries which were okey doke but fairly pedestrian. I make some pretty good chili but absolutely appreciate other chili, this was just run of the mill. My daughters kid-burger was cooked properly and she got all over it. The most telling moment of the meal was that my son (food critic or epic pain in the butt, I'm not always sure which) said this time that he wouldn't mind heading back some day. After his first reaction this was a big plus for the restaurant.So, overall, a much better visit. Why, then, V-Dub, did you only give one more star then before? Well, person asking the question, I take my 4 star reviews pretty seriously. If I drop a 4 star, then it's a destination eatery. If there were and opportunity to give a half star rating then I would go that direction. HWY 55 is a proximity restaurant. If we are in the area and need some burger and fry action, we will stop in and get some grub. It does not come up in the conversation when deciding where to drive to for dinner. This is in no way a bad review. The fact that we will go back speaks volumes for this particular joint. The owner owned the problems and invited us back. The manager was very accommodating and the server was peasant despite being in the weeds. Consider this a 3.5 star rating. Worth a shot especially now that they seem to have systems in place. Note to owner: Need sugar caddies for those who drink unsweetened tea. They are pretty cheap and a nicer touch than the first waitress who brought my wife sugar in a coffee cup and the most recent time packs of equal (or something similar) dropped on the table (though nicely dropped on the table :) )
3	Burger was delicious. The trimmings were all fresh and the size of the burger was perfect. The fries sucked. They were so plain and bland. Also the place could use a good all over wipe down and mopping. Although I understand the theme of the restaurant is to be diner style the overall appeal of the restaurant was lacking. So because of the burger I gave them 3 stars.
1	Arguably one of the worst restaurants I've been to. The staff was nice enough but the atmosphere is the most lifeless, soulless attempt at a 50's diner. I got a BBQ burger and to say it was average would set the bar low. It came with the most generic, tasteless fries I've seen. To finish off my meal i got a vanilla custard with hot fudge, this was the only highlight, not great but not too bad either. With so many other better burger spots around the area at similar prices, you'd have to be nuts to go here.
3	Good food and fast service. Seemed very clean and the staff was friendly. It didn't knock my socks off but was tasty still and great for a road trip meal.
2	First, let me say I love Andy's (now Hwy 55). I grew up in a town in Eastern NC where Andy's was the best burger spot in town. We ate there at least once a week and that's being modest. When my cousin told me that Andy's went through a franchise change and a location was opening on Charlotte, I was ecstatic.  Actually, I was more than ecstatic, I'm pretty sure I did a happy dance. That's probably where my happiness ended. The first visit was... meh. My onion rings were cold and my burger was just ok.  My experience was also lacking that charm I felt at the Andy's in my home town. They tried... believe me... they tried.  The next visit was a little more pleasant. My food was hot, my philly was delicious, but my waitress, whose name escapes me, was horrible.  Let me just say, I will not go out of my way to return here. If I'm in the area maybe, or I may just visit Applebees instead.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat for a fast and yummy meal.  Sometimes the staff is a little awkward but for the most part they are nice and you can't beat the food.
