5	My boyfriend just came home with a box from chocolates from there and let me tell you. Everything was amaZing. The hazelnut ones were absolutely fantastic. The dark chocolate caramel ones are not only beautiful but it was the thickest, realist caramel I have ever had in a chocolate. Hands down great chocolate. My boyfriend got me the orange chocolate one too and u don't like that mixture (but I never have, he got it to mess with me) but if you like that type of thing it was super orangey, if that helps.
4	We were walking along and I spied a large cupcake in the window.  It only took a second of arm-twisting for my boyfriend to convince me to go inside.  We were greeted with a table of ornately decorated chocolates and a case of cupcakes with frosting as big as the cake.There were also samples of the ginger rose chocolates.  While we sampled, the owner, Amanda, was so nice and talked with us for about 15 minutes about her shop, her plan to introduce more cupcakes, and her chocolates.  Right now, she only has a few cupcake ingredients, but in a week, they're hoping to have a rotating schedule.  She uses real butter cream frosting and each cupcake is filled with a creamy pudding-like filling.  Sadly, I gave up cake for Lent, so I have to come back in a week to taste, but my first will be the peanut butter chocolate.  Or the mango peach.  Or the lemon lavender.  Or....We did try more chocolates, though.  While we were there, only dark chocolate was available (no complaints here!) although Amanda does offer a selection of white and milk chocolates.  I got the cherry with dark chocolate and le-BF enjoyed a sea salt caramel with dark chocolate.  Amanda uses fair trade cocoa and natural, local ingredients.  They are so rich and satisfying, you only need one.  That's why the French eat like gluttons but are rail-thin - they use quality ingredients without waxes or fillers, so you're satisfied with one..although with all of her flavors, a small sampler box is probably worth it!Do yourself a favor and stop by.  This is definitely worth a trip to the Southside.  I have a feeling I'll be updating my review to 5 stars after I try the cupcakes (only reason why I didn't give full stars - I can't report on those heavenly-looking cupcakes).
5	DO YOU LIKE CHOCOLATE? THEN GET HERE, STAT!I'm not messing around. I had one bite of their pistachio chocolate and I thought I had died and gone to truffle heaven. Seriously, I'm not joking. I'm not even a choco-holic. Don't get me wrong, I like chocolate, but I'm not obsessed like others are. If you're obsessed you will die and go to chocolate heaven here!Pick from an array of different fancy pants french chocolates, or try out their new cupcakes. At $3 a pop, they're not cheap, but look like a decent size compared to other unnamed cupcake shops around 'tahn. Plus, the icing is light and fluffy and so is the cake. Just the way I like it. I tried the strawberry cupcake, which had homemade strawberry filling. Deeelicious. The outside looks totally unassuming, and I had mistakenly thought it was a new business, but came to find out they've been open for about a year! So don't just walk by next time, stop in! And you can thank me later.... with a peice of chocolate!
5	Wednesday was my dad's birthday, and I had decided last minute that I wanted to get him some sort of sweet treat! My husband and I checked out several bakeries on Yelp, but as it was already after 6pm, most of our options were closed. I was excited to discover that Le Petit Chocolat was still open. I got to the shop and couldn't believe how tiny it was. The shop owner just has one tiny little refrigerated case for cupcakes (probably 40-50 were displayed) and one small counter with display cases for the chocolates (maybe 50-80 displayed here). I took 4 cupcakes and 4 chocolates to go and brought all the goodies home to my husband and parents. Now, keep in mind that my cooking/baking specialty is cupcakes and that I'm a certified cake decorator. Usually, when I try a cupcake from a shop, I think that I could bake something better. That was not the case here. I tried both the Salted Caramel and Apple cupcakes, and they were out-of-this-world delicious!! The Salted Caramel had the best chocolate cake that I've ever eaten, and trust me, chocolate cake can be tricky to make. It was rich and moist and not at all dry or crumbly, which is how many chocolate cupcakes taste. This cupcake was injected with thick, rich, homemade caramel and topped with an incredible rich and fluffy buttercream and salt. The Apple cupcake was just as delicious. The same incredible buttercream topped off a cupcake that had an interesting shortbread consistency (like nothing I've ever had before) and a dot of apple filling inside. I'm crossing my fingers that I may stumble upon some leftover goodies today at home but know that I may not be so lucky. I definitely want to go back to this shop sometime very soon!
5	I came here for a Yelp Meet the Business Owner event yesterday.  I was really impressed with the quality of the chocolates and cupcakes that Amanda, the owner, makes.  I sampled one of the orange flavored chocolates, and it was delicious, esp. with some champagne.  I also sampled one of the mini-cupcakes, and filled and decorated my own large cupcake.  Amanda makes all of the cupcakes, fillings, frostings, etc. herself, and they were all delectable, not to mention adorable (though her decorated cupcakes are prettier than mine!).  Finally, I tried some chocolate fondue with fruit and pretzel dippers, and it was absolutely delicious.  Amanda was also kind enough to make some fresh-squeezed raspberry and mango lemonade for us, which she also sells as a refreshing treat.  She mentioned that she is in the process of acquiring an espresso machine and developing a pastry menu, so it looks like she will have some breakfast and tea-oriented products soon.Although Amanda's products are more expensive than those of some other places in town, it's very clear from their appearance and taste that they are very high quality.  I was extremely impressed by all of the creative ideas Amanda had for her products.  The cupcakes and chocolates would make perfect favors for a wedding or baby shower, not to mention excellent Valentine's Day gifts.  Additionally, having a cupcake decorating party or chocolate fondue would be a great idea for a little girl's birthday party or a bachelorette party, and it was a lot of fun when I tried it!  I was also impressed to hear that Amanda gives back to the community by giving away her older cupcakes for homeless children's birthday parties.  It's very clear that this business is a labor of love, and that Amanda takes great pride in it, so support her by trying some of her wonderful confections!
5	Holy cow these are some killer cupcakes! We just randomly stopped in on a Saturday afternoon to see what they had and were blown away! They are open till 10pm on the weekends! How fantastic is this! For years I've been saying there needs to be a late night bakery cause sometimes you just need a cupcake after a long night!I digress.We orders the salted caramel, the peanut butter chocolate (I forget the cute name), and the chocolate covered strawberry. I was able to talk people into splitting the caramel and strawberry with me so I could try them both and thank god!The chocolate covered strawberry was delish, just a tich sweet for me but still fantastic. The cake was rich and fluffy an the buttercream was smooth and flavorful. Not to mention it was loaded with yummy strawberry filling!The salted caramel was heaven. Seriously heaven. The caramel filling, the chocolate cake, and the caramel buttercream with caramel drizzle, and then those little bits of Black Sea salt! Oh lord they were fantastic.I'm sad that I didn't get to try the chocolate peanut butter, but I did snack a milk chocolate salted caramel candy for the ride home and it was divine! The caramel was smooth and creamy, absolutely fantastic. I just wish they were so much closer to home but I'm sure my waist line is thankful for the distance!
5	I only wish I could romance someone else as incredibly as Le Petit Chocolat has romanced me. I initially stopped in after the store first opened to try out the chocolate truffles. The ingredients are all locally sourced and the chef/owner has yet to choose a flavor that isn't wonderful.Then the cupcakes came. I tried the vanilla with lavendar frosting and lemon cream filling, and then I tried the chocolate sea salt with caramel frosting and dark chocolate filling, and then I accepted that I wasn't going anywhere for lunch but here.Recently, she's started making fresh lemonade, coffee, espresso, and various related drinks to compliment the fresh pastries (chocolate croissants, muffins, tarts, cinnamon buns, scones, etc.).I recommend the cinnamon bun, or the peach tart. I can't wait to go back next week to try a cookie!
