5	This long-awaited cocktail lounge has opened on the South Side, and is definitely living up to its high expectations. Currently, the bar has a low-key atmosphere, dim lighting, and lots of seats for enjoying top-notch beer on draft, a select collection of wines, and out-of-this-world cocktails. The bartenders can make any drink you want, or give them a few tips and put yourselves in their capable hands to create a concoction of top-shelf liquor, bitters, and fresh juices.
5	Right as you walk through the door, you know Acacia is quite the special establishment.  Comfortably elegant, warm and friendly, it feels as if it's set in another time, another place.  Rich woods, beautiful glassware, shaded chandeliers with beveled crystals hanging beneath...everything works together to draw you right up to the bar.Once seated, take a look behind at the rows upon rows of top shelf liquors that glisten and beckon.  Hell, some of the bottles are so top shelf they literally need a ladder to get to them!  The gentlemen behind the bar fetching those bottles?  Fine cocktail craftsmen - maybe even cocktail artists - clad in proper vests and ties who create magic. Feel confident that whatever you order will be well-made, delicious. The bartenders hands are never idle.  While not creating cocktails, they're hand-carving pieces of crystal clear, ice sculpture-quality ice from 300 pound blocks into spheres, cubes, diamonds and columns.  The miniature ice sculptures perfectly fit the proper glass for the proper drink.  A word of advice...trust the bar menu.  You cannot go wrong.  If you like smoky and spicy, I highly recommend the Across the Border. It is positively kick ass!  Don't be limited to the menu alone...no matter what you order, the creation will be top notch.  The not-on-the-list Dark n Stormy I ordered took a little twist with dark rum as a floater instead of the traditional way.  Loved it!  The hubby enjoyed a few of the selection of 20+ fine beers on tap.  Tripel Karmeliet - a caramel-y Belgian brew - was his absolute favorite!Any, and EVERY, cocktail and brew afficianado in the 'Burgh will be thrilled Acacia is here.  I sure am.
4	I didn't even know this place was open when I walked by, but indeed it is, and it is a great spot to grab a cocktail. Not only is their cocktail menu fairly extensive (and quite unique), but the bartenders are great at providing recommendations based on your likes and dislikes. The venue itself is also pretty neat. The prices are higher than you typically see on the Southside, but this keeps out the college students and you are definitely paying for some great cocktails!Also came here for New Year's, and had such a good time!
4	I came. I saw. I drank. And drank. It's hard not to here!Hearing about this place was almost like I was searching for liquor in the prohibition No hours are posted. The website is broken and no one answers the phone. Throw in boarded up windows that you can walk past without realizing this is the place you wanted and you've really got a secret. Well played guys!So once I finally was able to make my way in (using the info I had on the place from one Ms Linda W), I was happy I had the "secret code word." I've found after visiting some classic cocktail bars I have to stick with what I like. Seems simple, right? But I'd come in and order something super prohabition-y aka something super strong that I just wasn't into. After a while I realized the not so secret, secret. Order a drink based on the liquor you like. Genius! Okay, so it was just really dumb to order things I don't like and pay mucho dinero for it. So bam, first item on the menu that called to me was the Chai Alexander. The description had the word "Chai" and "Milkshake" in it. Sold! It was heavenly! It comes in a small glass and it is disguised as a frou frou drink, but after I was done it hit me. The "this drink is delicious and I can't taste the alcohol and it could end up being an issue" feeling. So... I ordered another drink...The Bees Knees was the actual bees knees! Two ingredients I love, honey and lemon, were included. Again, sold! Not to sweet like you may think, but the perfect balance of tart and sweet. This one I sipped instead of inhaled. So I left with the ability to walk. The ambiance is pretty cool, although you can tell they're still working on things. We sat at a table over in the corner. There were, I believe, around 3 bartenders. They'd come over and check on us, but take one persons order, when someone else clearly had an empty glass, then run away. This happened more than once. Maybe they were more busy than I could see. Maybe taking the time to prepare the drinks takes longer than I think. Or maybe they're just working out the kinks. But in my opinion, if you have a table willing to drink, load them up with drinks! I have a feeling I will be here a lot. I'm interested to see what drinks they'll rotate in and out. I love seasonal menus! They're the bees knees!
4	On Saturday night my friends and I were in the mood for a smart cocktail so we headed here around 9:30. The bar is small, but very warm, inviting, and comfortable. The main bar is in the front half of the space and is full of dark wood, low lights, 4-5 booths and a high table or two. There is a second room in the back which is suffering from somewhat of an identity crisis. It's lit by fluorescent lights and the glow from a golden tee machine and electronic dart boards. There are about 4 small tables lining the exterior of the room. Based on the attention to detail the owners paid in the front half of the bar I would imagine that the back half will soon be brought up to speed. The drinks, which is the main reason we came, are fantastic. I had one of their signature cocktails (all are $10) and an Old Fashion made with Bulliet bourbon ($7). Both drinks were not only delicious, but it was also fun watching the bartenders make them. These guys really know their way around a drink!I'm torn between three and four stars for two reasons:1. Due to this bar's small size and increasing popularity it is very hard to find a spot to hang out in the front, finished half of this bar. This causes you to be pushed to back, unfinished half. A large part of the reason to come here is for the atmosphere, all of which is killed if you can't hang with the cool kids in the front of the bar. 2. Something has to be done about the music selection on the weekends. The last thing I want to hear while sipping a prohibition era cocktail is "Call Me Maybe". Now, I haven't been here on a weekday, maybe this isn't always an issue, but I'm sure that none of your weekend patrons will complain if you play a little jazz and make it easier to have a conversation. I went with 4 stars because if you watch the bartenders make just one drink you can see the potential this place has and the passion of the ownership to turn it into their dream bar.
4	Next to Stagioni on Carson Street and behind the white-washed boards lies Acacia, a small bar that serves up the best prohibition-era cocktails in town (and quite possibly beyond).  Thank goodness for us that the Volstead Act has long since been repealed, as we can enjoy all of Acacia's offerings without legal repercussion.  And yet, I don't think it would matter if prohibition WAS still in effect, because Acacia is more hidden than Salman Rushdie!  According to the owners, this is intentional.  There are no hours posted, no large sign screaming "OPEN" to drunken Carson Street regulars. One sort of has to knock or test the door on this speakeasy to see if the place is open.  But if it is? You're in for a treat!  Every single cocktail has years of thought and care put into it.  Hands down, the BEST aviation I have ever had in my life.  If you're not familiar with negronis or bees knees, then you're still in good shape.  The wise bartenders will craft a drink around whatever your favorite spirits are. Acacia also has a solid whiskey list that would make Nucky Thompson drool.  Not in the mood for the hard stuff?  Their draft offerings are plentiful as well (I counted about 15 various craft beers on tap, plus 8 Dogfish Head).  Then there's the ambiance.  The friendly bartenders dress in 20's garb, complete with vests and hats. The lighting is dim.  20's-era jazz plays on the speakers. I absolutely love it.  The signature cocktails can be pricey ($10), but their beers and other drinks are reasonably priced.  Acacia is still under construction and has a ways to go to live up to its former self (Embury in the Strip), but I'm looking forward to great things!
4	To be quite honest, I've walked by Acacia for the past month eagerly waiting for it to open not realizing it was already serving up cocktails.  With the boarded wood over windows the outside had done a good job of tricking me into believing it wasn't open.  Points in my book already.As I walked in, the ambience was as I expected for a speakeasy-type establishment.  Although the front of the bar was full by the time I arrived at 9:30, the low lights and an intimate setting made me immediately dig the front of the bar.  I'm a sucker for these types of places.  I was promptly handed a menu from the bar-keep and ordered a delicious cocktail which took about 4-5 minutes to be prepared.  Once I was handed my cocktail, my friends and I decided to walk to the back room where were successfully obtained a place to sit.  The back room of this establishment is a complete departure from the front section of the bar.  Overhead lighting and white walls combined with a dart board and golf video game threw me for a loop.  This space seemed out of place and not in-sync with the front section.  Hopefully they will fix this in the near future.   Also, since there is a touchtone jukebox you always run the risk of hearing crappy pop music.  Personally, I don't really want to hear Kesha while enjoying a nice cocktail (or ever for that matter) but that's just me and I realize its different strokes for different folks.That being said, I'm here for the drinks and they certainly didn't disappoint!  Everyone in my group really enjoyed their beverages.  Upon finishing our first round, I decided to check out what they had to offer in the bourbon department.  The bourbon list here is orgasmic.  Three words: Pappy Van Winkle.  Not only did they have the 12 year, 20 year, and the 23 year, they also had Pappy's Family Reserve Rye 13 year!  Pappy is pretty much the bees knees of bourbon in my brain and I'm psyched I can finally get a glass of it somewhere in Pittsburgh!  I'm excited to return to sample the countless other types of bourbon/scotch/whiskey that they have.  Hopefully next time I can grab a seat at the bar so I can strike up a conversation with the bartenders to see how knowledgeable they are.
5	For former fans of Embury and the modern day laid back speakeasy theme, Acacia isn't a place you want to pass up. Don't be fooled by the look from the outside that has that "nothing to see here, please move on" feel. Once you walk in, you'll realize that you've found a sanctuary for those of us seeking delicious whiskey/whisky and/or unique cocktails in an atmosphere that feels as far removed from Southside as the concept of prohibition is from the year 2013.While Acacia specializes in bourbon, you'll be hard-pressed to ask for a mixed drink that their bartenders can't put together. Not sure what you want? Tell the mixologist what kind of liquor you prefer and they'll figure it out from there. I highly doubt you'll be disappointed.The vibe is dark, intimate, and relaxed. With a reasonably-priced multi-page bourbon list, and a small, but adequate scotch list with some surprising options (Macallan 25? Highland Park 25? Costly, but very nice!), whiskey drinkers won't be disappointed. Not to mention, the service is excellent! The mixologists were great guys to sit around and chat with about anything...especially whiskey. Definitely a great addition to Southside. Cheers!
4	Ohhhh how I loved it here...I mean I was sold as soon as I saw the boarded up windows. I LOVE a good theme! I loved my drink, it was a bitter soda, and so, so good!! BF loved his 100 proof whiskey with the HUGE ice cube and my friend really loved her drink the cable car. I know they're doing construction on the upstairs and back room, I can't WAIT for it to be done, because the main room is amazing. I hope people don't deduct too many points for the back room. My only complaint, I loved the music, loved the bartenders and their attire, loved the crowd, I just wish the waitress, who was very nice, was also dressed in the theme. It kind of threw the  whole thing off having her in jersey tunic. If they need pointers on what to put her in, I'd be happy to help! :)
4	This is a cool place with a great vibe to grab some drinks. Noise level is low, so you are able to have a conversation. The cocktails are all $10. This may seem steep, but after just a few you are good to go. The bartenders are friendly and can sure mix up a great cocktail. I recommend trying "deaths comeback".
4	Very unique and tasty cocktails.  I sipped on a Makers bourbon Manhattan and then ventured on to an Absinthe concoction created by the bartender.  I am a big fan of the baseball sized ice rock instead of your typical and numerous cubes.  They have an excellent tap selection for Dogfish beers, which I will investigate on my next trip.  Be forewarned, you will pay $10 per drink.  Is it worth it, I think so.
5	Love, love, love this place!Great & friendly service, unique drinks, extensive selection of whiskey and many other liquors, comfortable & interesting ambiance ... a much appreciated change from other 'younger' South Side establishments.
4	Went here last night for a yelp event. The theme was most definitely speakeasy. The drinks were fancy and a bit expensive for southside, but I can see what they are trying to do here. I just wonder if southside is the best place to do it. The bartenders were super nice and the owner was willing to be right in there helping the staff, which I always appreciate.I'd say it's worth it if you have the money to spend, but for the normal, drunken, college student... You might be unhappily surprised when you get the bill.
3	I went here during a trip to Pittsburgh and it's a pretty cute spot.  You wouldn't think so just by looking at the front door (looks like an abandoned apartment building), but when you get inside there's a bar with some booth seating on the left and a room in the back with some seats and some arcade games.  The drink menu is pretty small, but I heard they are talking about making the upstairs a clubby scene... who knows.  The drinks were good and it was a good place to sit and catch up.
5	Dark inside. Good booze. Knowledgable/skilled bartender. This would be a great bar anywhere, but it is an oasis in particular in the fratty South Side. Hand-tailored cocktails but beers too if you're too thirsty to wait.
5	Great little bar in Pittsburgh. The door is taped with newspaper and windows blocked, so it's hard to find it. But once inside, the vibe is modern but chill. Many special drinks to try, and talking to the bartender was super fun. My friends ordered multiple drinks and swapped around so everyone can try each drink :) A little gem for people that prefer a more intimite but unique experience.
5	Great craft cocktails, featuring a lot of bourbon.  Drink service is medium-slow, but that's mostly because they spend a lot of time getting drinks right instead of slinging bad drinks quickly.The door and windows are covered over; you have to look for it.  That has an enormous benefit; it's intentionally only visited by people who specifically went there, and the hordes of roving drunks in the Southside miss this place entirely.  They seem to be sacking short-term popularity... for long term lasting power as a terrific little bar.
1	I can't comment on the drinks because me nor any of my 4 other friends ever got one. The scene: busy Saturday night, 3 seats at the bar. Hanging out with girls that are actual bartenders. One commented that she felt like we were watching an SNL skit. The shaking of the drinks was very over dramatic. I mean, after you shake a drink a few times it's mixed. It's not going to become more mixed while you take the extra minutes to shake it with both hands. We left when we witnessed a male bartender carefully choose a basil leaf and start slapping it like it owed him money. I get what they're trying to be, but they lost our business because, well, just pour the dang drinks into glasses and help the next waiting customer already. The drama show is unnecessary. The back room still looks exactly as it did when it was Z Lounge, which was a hold over from Zythos. It hasn't changed since the 90s. It was still empty as it ever was.
5	Sarah S said:"Hanging out with girls that are actual bartenders... The shaking of the drinks was very over dramatic. I mean, after you shake a drink a few times it's mixed. It's not going to become more mixed while you take the extra minutes to shake it with both hands. We left when we witnessed a male bartender carefully choose a basil leaf and start slapping it..."Hey Sarah, why don't you lend your "bartender" friends some cash to go to bartending school... and I don't mean that one next to the vet in South Hills. Bartending is more than popping open a can of Bud Light (Lite?). If you haven't heard of emulsification or releasing oils from herbs, maybe quit talking and try learning. That 25 year age limit was clearly meant to keep you out, but I guess some people never grow up.To everyone else: Acacia is quite the find. Just make sure you have the sense to appreciate it, and leave your ego at the door.
1	A group of us (adults, all between 30 - 60) went in on a Saturday night. I know we weren't regulars but when the four of us order Laphroaig 10yo and you water it down immensely before serving to us at the same 1oz.? That's ridiculous, especially for what we payed you for it. Yes, scotch drinkers typically add some water to their drink but this was ludicrous. Never again.
5	A place like this was much needed in Southside! I'm a SS resident, but I am really not into the SS vibe at all! I always drive downtown or Lawrenceville for good cocktails and good food! Acacia has a very retro yet cool vibe.  I found it by coincidence and was amazed by how great the cocktails were! The bartenders were very knowledgeable and nice. I didn't try their food but I am planning to next time!
5	I finally made it to Acacia, several months after Linda gave a hearty recommendation. No seriously, if you love freshly made cocktails, you should definitely get to Acacia yourself.First thing to note is that, though this is located on the Southside, this is NOT a SS bar! Not even close. The cocktails all start at $10 and they have literally hundreds of bottles of different whiskeys ranging from I believe $5 on up to over $100 (for 1oz and 2oz pours). I'm not a whiskey fan, but I did sample one by Four Roses (the single barrel, I believe it was called), which was quite tasty. And very strong.The bar is prohibition-style. You may have a hard time spotting it from your car because the windows are all boarded up and the only sign is on the door. The bartenders for the most part all dress in the style of the 1920s and the music is usually jazz or blues. The bartender for both of our visits was Shane, formerly of Meat & Potatoes, which was a nice surprise. :) They do not serve food, but you are allowed to bring in food from other restaurants. I liked all of the drinks that I had, though I would argue that they're no better than M&P. The difference is in the atmosphere. Totally different feel from other restaurants and bars. Both solid places and I don't make that comment to take anything away from Acacia.I'm glad I got to visit before I leave for Austin. If we were to stay here, I know this would become one of our regular spots!
5	Really terrific mixed drinks. Jazz playing. Knowledgeable bartenders. 2nd best negroni I've ever had (best was in Rochester NY at The Revelry.)
5	This is one of my favorite hidden gems -- all the more remarkable because it manages to be hidden in plain sight, right on East Carson Street. This drinks-only craft cocktail bar does have a few fans other than me, as one can see on any Friday or Saturday night when folks are packed three-deep at the bar, but on a Monday or Tuesday night? I open the door and it's like transporting back in time, to the brandy-and-cognac days of secret societies. Except it's non-smoking!The whiskey list is extensive, but the full capabilities of the bartenders here is downright encyclopedic. You ask for a drink with X spirit in it, they can give you a handful of options and recommendations based on weather, season, and occasion. It's truly my favorite place to grab a late-night, weeknight nightcap. (Night!)
4	Love this place, though its kind of hard to find! i used to walk by and miss it because of the unassuming facade. it is truly a speakeasy in south side! they have amazing, creative cocktails and the bartenders are dressed in prohibition era garb. be sure to order the absinthe (its worth the $15) they serve it in the traditional style by melting a sugar cube through a slotted spoon. super cool to watch and super tasty.
4	Love this place!  I love the quality of the drinks...very unique.  I also love the speak-easy atmosphere.  My only complaint is that the place is a little small/not many tables to sit down.  I'll definitely be back here again!
3	Add this to the list of cozy Pittsburgh bars!  From the outside it doesn't look like they are open-you can't see inside as the windows are boarded up.  We had stopped in before late on a Saturday night and it was packed so we decided to try again as it looked like such a great place to grab drinks. We went at about 6 o'clock on a Saturday and were one of a few people in the place. Got a nice spot at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and let me sample a few of their draft beers. They had a lot of unusual drafts to pick from including many Dogfishhead as well as Victory. I went with a Rogue wheat.  They have a great list of cocktails and next time I def. want to try one out as it looks like the bartenders put a lot of time and effort into each one. I wish this place was a little bigger!
5	Very interesting cocktails.  Servers and staff were very knowledgeable.  Very different vibe from the rest of southside. Don't let the outside decor fool you , very inviting and intimate inside.
1	I not sure if this place has closed or not but I was soooo disappointed after reading many great reviews about this place and their amazing cocktails that I told my girl to get all dressed up because I wanted to surprise her and take her to this unique speakeasy. We went on Saturday night Feb 1st around 10pm after a long drive to get there and the front door was locked. We stood there for a while because I was pretty irritated and in disbelief about making the journey just to try this place out and not one sign on the door or anything on their website whatsoever about being closed for whatever the reason may be....A few other people tried getting in as well while we were standing there in awe and we all were wondering why it was closed even though their window lights were still on. Maybe their website should actually have some information about  the place and weather or not it is closed or open. I spent my money elsewhere on the south-side this night....Your's truely...The Shaw
4	This quite possibly might be one of my new favorite bars in Pittsburgh. A hidden gem - literally. Boarded windows, and the doors covered with Prohibition era newspapers. I must have walked by this place dozens of times and never new what awesomeness was awaiting...A speakeasy style joint in the Southside! The boys tending bar dressed in their twenties attire (newsboy hats and all), exposed brick walls, really beautiful recreated vintage chandeliers, your option to sit at the bar or an old fashioned booth. I felt like I stepped into a scene from the Great Gatsby!An incredibly fantastic twist on a Southside bar - classy - with fantastic craft cocktails. Exactly what Pittsburgh needs.
4	I've been to many of these Speakeasy/ Prohibition style cocktail bar across the country and what immediately sets Acacia apart from the rest is its lack of pretentious. The staff was very approachable and eager to assist with service and recommendations. We visited Acacia at 9 pm on a Saturday night. The front room and bar was full. An astute employee promptly informed us we can take a seat in the backroom. After going over the menu, my friend ordered the Bee Walker (Johnnie Walker Red, honey, lemon, boston bitters) from their cocktail menu. It was a well balanced cocktail, but being not a fan of any Walker not blue, I couldn't escape the taste of middle-shelf scotch. My friend liked it so much, he ordered a second. I did my usual "I like whiskey, bourbon, rye... make me what you like." I need to start amending that request cause lately it's been fetching me the Boulevardier. It's a fine cocktail and the staff nailed it, but Campari is a little too bitter for my taste. My second surprise cocktail was the renowned Sazerac; one of my favorite cocktails!! The execution was perfect. The tumbler was chilled in a fridge! The only minor grip was the bartender used a simple syrup, not a sugar cube. Overall, not much ingenuity, but I can appreciate the purist aspect of their cocktail program and their focus on execution. As far as price goes, it's pretty standard. 4 cocktails = $50. The environment of the bar is standard. I worked at that space years ago when it was Zythos and besides some paint, the layout was the same. The background music was uninspiring. On this night it was generic, modern jazz. For this kid of establishment, I'd expect a more swampy, outlaw blues or primitive dixieland. I can see myself frequenting Acacia on Sundays in the early evening or after a nice supper in the South Side.
5	My favorite place in pittsburgh. Awesome environment. One suggestion to the owners: cigars!
5	Awesome modern speakeasy with great original cocktails, friendly staff, and 1920's/30's jazz on the speakers. I bring friends here all the time and it has never disappointed.
5	Highly recommend this speakeasy!  One of the best bars in Pittsburgh for both selection and service. I had a rare breed Manhattan that was incredible. The atmosphere is fun and laid back the bartenders are pro's and the list of brown alcohol is really impressive. I will absolutely be going back. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	Wonderful atmospheric, speakeasy-esque bar on the South Side that is nothing like the rest of the South Side. It's sophisticated, laidback and outstanding. Been here quite a few times and always impressed and satisfied.Drinks are creative and the menu is ever-changing.  They employ local ingredients where possible and excellent, well-regarded spirits at all times. The drinks are perfectly balanced and not the saccharine mixer-prepared drinks of others. It has a wonderful clientele that is not pretentious, is fun but nice and quiet. It's the kind of bar that plays good retro jazz music and allows people to actually enjoy their company without being drowned out by loud music or debauchery. In addition, the bartenders are the best - they are knowledgeable and can create a unique drink to your tastes. For one of our companions, they prepared a fantastic non-alcoholic drink.This is one of the true gems of Pittsburgh and great place to take good friends to have a good drink.
5	Acacia is most definitely my favorite hidden gem in southside that honestly I hope no one discovers hehe (I know, selfish, I'm sorry) it's just so perfect. Every single cocktail I've had here is a 10. Recently I had their whiskey mule made with Jameson  !!! And then an old fashioned mucho perfection. I had also sampled a friends tequila mule which was heavenly and my other friends summer nog? Needless to say acacia is a very relaxed, take a load off atmosphere. Very mature and very enlightening. The drinks are always exquisite and never disappoint me. I highly recommend to anyone who appreciates a perfected craft cocktail trying to avoid the domestic beer drinking college crowd and the noise that comes along with Carson st. Four for you glen coco (or in this case, 5) you go glen coco!!!
4	Great place for cocktails.  They have a very extensive selection of spirits and know which ones to use to bring out the best in a cocktail.  April, our waitress was very knowledgeable about the numerous cocktails they can prepare. Excellent ice (large cubes, balls) that match the drink and the glass.  My only complaint is that it is too damn loud.  This is a problem with most bars and restaurants now; they are all hard surfaces and sound just bounces around.
5	I absolutely, completely, truly, madly, deeply, excessively love this place and I cannot believe it took me so long to get down here!  Saturday was my birthday, and this place was perfect for celebrating.Truth be told, I'd already spent a lot of time at Acacia when it was Zythos.  Its completely different inside now, and in a good way.  The bartenders are hot.  I sound like a dude.  I love how they are dressed to go with the speak easy theme.  I started out with the Left on Norwood drink, which came out in a little champagne flute.  Next, they made Daisy RB, and then lastly I had the That Louis Guy.  All three drinks were delicious.  They're all made for sipping, and I love that they're all expertly crafted by the bartenders.  Because of this the service is a little slow but its worth it.The drinks are about $10 - $12, and I think those are fair prices.  Trust me, you're not going to need more than two.  I was grateful for my designated driver after 3 cocktails.I can't say enough good things about this place.  I loved it, I will absolutely be back, and you should check it out.
2	This is a hidden speakeasy type joint. It's the type of place where everyone looks at you when you walk in and it is like you could hear the sound of a pin dropping. That aside, it is a romantic little spot for good conversation with friends or a date. However, it was all a little awkward and hipster-esque. Our waiter was very friendly and almost all 8 of our group agreed that the drinks were decent. This is a place that you go to for a true mixology experience. The drinks were unique and the whisky menu is vast. However, they refused to make an omission of an ingredient in a drink even though it was because of my food allergies. I understand that mixology is their art, but I am allergic to eggs and just wanted the Pisco drink on their menu without the egg whites. I was going to pay for the drink. It wasn't like I was asking them to give me their first born child. I ended up ordering a $10 drink I didn't really want and didn't finish it. We left after one beverage, to say the least.
5	Excellent drinks and atmosphere. It's one of those places you hope doesn't get discovered by the masses...
5	I personally believe this to be the best bar in Pittsburgh. This place is so obscurely decorated that you're likely to miss if you're looking for it and 100% likely to miss it if you're not. If you see Ted's Excellent Bike Repair, look directly next to it. You'll see it. This is a speak-easy themed bar and it's incredible on the inside. The windows are boarded up and the door is covered in newspaper so that one cannot look inside or out. The drinks at this bar are on a whole other level. They are expertly crafted by the ridiculously knowledges bartenders who put long minutes into making the cocktails which range from $9-$12 dollars in my experience. While you will wait for your drinks, please realize that you aren't sitting around for a Shirley temple. These are cocktails that are made from ingredients that are located near the Seven Wonders of the World. It will come in time and it will be incredible. Sit back and enjoy the atmosphere. Also, bear in mind that if the cocktail menu isn't for you, they have one of the largest collections of Bourbon, whisk(e)y, and scotch in Pittsburgh. In addition to this, the staff can probably tell you every minute detail of what goes into making each and every bottle of whiskey behind the bar. It's truly admirable. This is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh. Couldn't recommend it more highly.
4	Acacia is pretty awesome if you are in to the pre-prohibition speakeasy cocktail thing.  I've gone a couple times now.  I've been extremely pleased with almost all of my drinks.  Everything is around $10 or so, which is fair considering most drinks have 2 shots or so of liquor.I've only gone during happy hour during the week.  At that time, the crowd has been light, a half dozen to a dozen people.If you are looking for fancy drinks and don't mind spending money, I'd recommend this place.
5	amazing drinks and talented bartenders. I love the quaint and cozy atmosphere too. It doesn't get too crowded for a Southside bar which is also a plus
4	I super-need to go back to this place, as a big fan of bourbon, scotch, and cocktails.  FYI they only serve drinks, so don't go expecting dinner,  As everyon mentions, the speakeasy feel is cool.  I thought the copper table tops and exposed brick walls were a classy touch.  The whole vibe is sultry and dark.  The bartenters here know how to make a well-crafted drink; it's a cut above your standard bar, no question.
5	Such a fun spot! You feel like you walk right into the prohibition era when you come to this place. Doesn't feel kitschy at all... just authentic.Great cocktail list, fun prohibition-era music... interesting to watch the bartenders make classic cocktails, and a good crowd that's all about having a good time. Will be back!
5	A hidden amethyst!I've been frequenting the speak easy's in NYC for a while, and this one is right on par.My first request was for a Chicago flip (introduced to me by Giuseppe AT&T Pegu) and not only did he know it, he added a wonderful twist of powdered sugar!Great drinks. Great  atmosphere. If I lived here, it would be my go to bar!
5	This place is the bees knees!!Very unique atmosphere for being in Pittsburgh. The bar has a very cool 1930's speakeasy feel to it. The bartenders are very personable and make great drinks. The drinks are a little bit expensive but you get what you pay for with great quality. The outside is easy to miss with boarded up windows and an old wooden door on the front but that adds to the speakeasy feel to the bar. I will definitely be stopping back.
5	This place is truly leading the growing craft beer and cocktail scene in Pittsburgh. With a knowledgable staff, cool atmosphere, great beers on tap, amazing large format bottle selection (a lot of them are aged), and a seemingly endless bourbon list; this is my go-to spot to grab a few drinks with friends.
