5	We recently moved into a new home had a friend recommend this company. Steve came out and installed our new security system he explained how everything works and how easy it is to use the system.  Steve was very professional and efficient.  We already feel safer in our new home.  Thank You Smart Security
5	Called then and they came the same day to fix my beeping old alarm. Great service and great offers. Definitely recommend them.
5	Best customer service, these days you don't find a company like Smart Security.  If you are looking for an alarm for your home, office, or business I wouldn't trust anyone else but Steve Richardson with Smart Security.
5	We moved into our home a year or so ago that had an existing hard-wired security system.  We called a couple of other bigger name alarm companies to see if they could use my existing system and complement it with new hardware/technology.  Most of them either declined immediately or just wanted to install another duplicate/wireless security system in my home because they didn't want to take the time to trouble shoot the existing one.  The same day we called Safe Security, Steve came out and inspected our existing system.  He took the time to explain our options and most importantly, was able to use our existing system AND convert it to a new Honeywell system with cellular connection!We highly recommend Safe Security.
5	Smart Security took care of my home and business security needs. Steve, took the time to listen to my needs, gave his professional input and came up with a solution that fulfilled and security requirements and supplied it within my budget. I would recommend Smart Security to anyone looking for a security system and service that will give you peace of mind.
5	Smart Security had the most reasonable and best pricing we could find.   More importantly,  Steve went above and beyond the call of duty.  I was opening a store and hammered with administrative work, Steve worked with my Internet provider to set the things up he needed saving me a tremendous amount of time.  Steve was also thorough, followed up days after making sure things were working perfectly.  Very good pricing, and even better service.  Well be using SMART security for all our store openings.
5	Steve was great. Very flexible and he made the pricing work for what we wanted to accomplish. If you're looking at adding cameras to your new or existing store, stop wasting your time and calling everyone else on Yelp. Call Steve and move on to more pressing matters.
5	Great service, Great product! Feelin' much safer and wasn't pressured into buying a bunch of extra's. Josh came to our house the same day I called and explained everything very thoroughly and even installed same day. I will recommend this company to all my friends and family. Thanks Josh!
5	By far the best service! Josh is such a GREAT person and full of knowledge. No job is too small nor too big for them. I love how I can just log into my account with my smart phone, arm and dissarm my alarm, check in on the kids when their home alone. Turn on the lights with my phone when we are out and about and it starts to get dark.Can't wait to add more features to my system :)
5	Have to say that Josh is awesome! Out in San tan valley we've had some bad experiences with security companies.  You should be able to trust the company you are asking to secure your home or office.  Now with Josh and smart security we do! Call Josh at 6027338644 to get set up.
5	Love what Smart Security has to offer! Josh is very knowledgeable, and I'm sure he can answer any security question that you can throw at him. Give him a call & check out the smart phone apps!
5	My wife and I could not be happier from the service we received from Steve at Smart Security. Searching for alarm companies was overwhelming as finding what you get and how much you pay is hard to find outright while researching online. I called Steve and he let me know upfront of any and all costs, which was the best deal I came across for what I got for my money. His knowledge, detail to service, and overall quality of equipment and monitoring has made me an extremely satisfied customers. I wouldn't look any further than Smart Security if you want a home security system.
5	Amazing! We moved to a new house and wanted to protect it. After researching several security companies I spoke with Steve from Smart Security who came out and looked everything over. He is like a consultant for our security needs because he made sure to tell us what was needed, but he also told us what was not needed so we didn't waste our money. This was invaluable. Then our job was more difficult because of the way the home was designed but Steve put in a lot of time, including on the weekend to make sure it was done right (this included cameras and glass break detection, etc). Stop looking around and call them, you will be glad you did.
5	Called Josh yesterday morning to schedule an appointment for him to come give us a bid on updating the security system that was in our house when we purchased it several years ago, we have never used it.  He was able to squeeze us into his schedule that same day.  He showed up at 1:00 and was completed with the work the same day by 4:30.  Now that's how it's done, no dinking around with a second install appointment.  Good customer service, reasonable prices and very personable.  Would I recommend Smart Security?  Definitely!
5	Called Josh, Steve responded, looked at my keypad, checked the programming, looked at the panel(uab), confirmed all was ok for now, all at NO CHARGE!! These guys are very knowledgeable and awesome to work with, when my contract expires, I am going to smart security, you should too!  This is my third alarm company, so I am experienced in this area, for a home owner, I can tell you Steve and Josh are very professional, and helpful.
5	Better than awesome. It was the reviews here that got me to call Steve Richardson and THANKS to all of you, i have a great alarm and surveillance system. Simply FANTASTIC. I dreaded having to make the call but from the moment I spoke to Steve, to shaking his hand as he left the install, I felt at total ease. No hard selling. I have a new friend! If in need, call Steve..
