2	Don't get me wrong. I enjoy Sonic. There are 168,000 possible drink concoctions you can get here. But try another location. This one is garbage. They can't even make the drinks right. The cherry limeade is bitter and the lemon slush is slushless. The Sonic on Arrowwood Rd is 100% better.
3	i like the fact that they come out all happy on their skates. lol. they have 1/2 off frozen drinks from 2-5 and the longest hotdogs ever. their burgers aren't that great tho and neither are the tots. and they do take a while to bring it out but i believe that's because its made to order (or at least reheated to order. lolol.
4	I have been to many sonics and this one is good.  I go 3-4 times a week for happy hour and get 3-7 drinks every time.  They get the order right nine times out of ten and are always friendly.
3	Visited Sonic after a long day at Carowinds.  We were starving.  Service was fairly quick and the food was adequate.  I would highly recommend the staff ALWAYS bring napkins when they deliver the food (who wouldn't do that).  I had to learn the hard way that you have to tell them everything you want on your burger.  However, we were so hungry, we ate them without condiments (just the burger and cheese).  The iced tea was a bit watered down.  However, their milkshakes and iced drinks looked good on the menu...it was too late to try all of that.  The kids had a few bites and were out for the night.  I ate the tater tots delivered with the kids meal and gave my fries to the little one.  She was able to eat a few before she fell out.  In any case, this is a good spot for late dining when everyone wants something different.  They had a small, but pretty good selection on the $1 menu as well.
2	I HATE to give Sonic a bad review because I love Sonic but this one is a dud.  I have stopped by for Happy Hour (half priced drinks from 2 to 4) several times and I don't think they have ever gotten my order correct. To top it off, the wait is eternal!  Forget the pull in stalls, you will run out of gas before you get your drink. The drive thru is slightly better. Fifteen minutes for a drink order is not uncommon and that is insane!  I have only ordered food on one trip, which was an easy order of apple slices and they were completely rotten/spoiled. I went and knocked on the door to get them replaced and he looked and they were all rotten and majorly out of date. Scary.   I will say, the staff I have encountered are friendly and always apologetic but they seriously need a fire lit under their pants. Where I am from, Sonic is very popular and successful with lots of traffic regardless of the time of day - even though there is a Sonic on pretty much every corner. The Sonics in the Charlotte area do not compare. It's really sad because Sonic is a great place when run well.
2	Went through the drive-thru with my daughters this morning. Not the most breakfast friendly place compared to some of your other fast-food cesspools. Although the guy didn't give me the dreaded, "Take y'order" greeting it was very hard to understand what he was asking me as he would speak very fast and would cut off before he finished his sentences.The girls ordered mozzarella sticks and popcorn chicken. I ordered the Breakfast Toaster combo with coffee. I'm not sure how the girls' food was but mine was PRETTY GAWD AWFUL!My sammich was a flat-as-a-sheet-of-paper mess. The "toast" was just warm bread and the egg looked like a yellow tongue. The entire thing was very bland as the only thing I could taste was the chewy, undercooked bacon.The tater tots were nice and crispy but overly salty.The only salvageable thing was the coffee... and this is given them a MAD compliment on passable coffee.Sadly, I cannot say that I won't go there again since it's fast food and it's near the house and convenient and about the only thing on the right-hand side on the stretch from where I take 49 to where I exit it.
4	Almost as good as all the other Sonic's. Only problem this time was that the person taking our order was very hard to understand, and they apparently had a hard time hearing us. Took a bit longer than usual to place the order. Food still came out fast, fresh, and tasty, and the waitress was nice.
1	So here I am at Sonic....grabbing a quick bite to eat while I am slammed at work. Logical choice you would think....nope. I place my order after about 3 mins, which was ok as there were quite a few cars. I ordered my grilled cheese and the employee called it back to me as a philly. I told him it was not a philly grilled cheese but a regular grilled cheese and diet dr pepper. He called the correct order back to me. Now I've been waiting 15 mins for a grill cheese. I wish I was exaggerating. I see the lady who pulled in a few minutes after me get her food. I asked the car hop if she thought my order got lost and explained I had been there a while before the other car and she was receiving her food first. The car hop told me "you are gonna need to try and just be a lil bit more patient with us ok....try that" Ok...sure thing lady. How rude of me. For a second I thought I was at a FAST food establishment.  It just came out. It's a Philly cheesesteak. Sigh. I take it inside and explain my situation. I tell them, though they did not offer, to just keep the difference in the change if they could please just fix the order as I am in a rush at this point. 5 mins later....cold grilled cheese. fail sonic. fail. big. fat. fail.
