5	I have been to different studios all over town and this place takes the cake!!! As a professional musician i can appreciate a comfortable safe environment, and it downtown in a nice area accessible to the freeway. The owner Michael Mattingly is one of the coolest people you will ever meet in this game, if you need it he will provide it. What more can you ask for???? All of my friends and associates come here word of mouth advertising still works so i thought i'd share the gold with everyone else ................you are welcome!!!!http://www.perfecttimingentertainment.com/studio.cfm
5	Rehearsing at Perfect Timing combines the comfortable feeling of being in your living room yet with all of the necessary pro gear to get the job done.  There's a full drum kit, a complete PA (including mics), an 88-key Triton keyboard, and a backline for bass and guitar players.   Mike (the owner) is a great guy and is himself a musician.  He understands what bands need and does an excellent job of creating the right environment for practices and recording.  And his rates are simply unbeatable.  This is a studio created by musicians for musicians.  Just one caveat:  Book your slot early, because Perfect Timing is understandably very popular with local musicians and the schedule fills up fast.
5	My band The Original Room started utilizing Perfect Timing Studios about a month ago for our weekly rehearsals. We could not be happier with our experience here. For starters, the rooms are spacious, and include everything you could want for your band. The owner Mike is incredibly helpful in assisting with getting you setup quickly and efficiently to get your practice going, and provides anything you need. Including things you might not think about like water, coffee, and a little break room. The price cannot be beat either. We use the large room with full PA and monitors that is perfect for our 5 piece band and at only $20/hour for that room, our needs are fully met and we get the most out of our band rehearsals. If you're looking for a regular or one time rehearsal space, go with these guys! You won't regret it.
5	This is a good spot and there are lots of rooms to choose from and the prices are good. I have used this more of an opportunity to practice - my band rehearses at one our members houses', but being the drummer living in a condo, I need a place to practice. sometimes I bring my kit, other times I just play the kits they have there. Mike is a cool guy and always takes care of me, especially the time I left my sticks at home!
5	My band used to practice at Francisco Studios.  We used to leave every practice smelling like a Metallica roadie's jockstrap.  Perfect Timing has changed that.  Now when my band practices we walk into a clean well organized room with amps, drums and PAs laid out for us - we walk in, plug in our instruments, and go.  No more fussing, no more mess.  It's simply the best situation possible for a musician.
1	I called that place today and the man who assisted me (assuming he's the owner) answered extremely rudely and remained that way the entire phone call. I can't judge the studio itself but by the way the owner behaved, I wouldn't like to find out if I like it or not.
