5	This Dillard's is much nicer than the one at Fiesta Mall which is about about 5 miles away. The variety in their clothing lines with all the major designer names as those at the Scottsdale Fashion Square and it's much closer than driving 25 miles north to Scottsdale. Remember, if you can't find your size, have the sales rep. check it on their computer system for the closest Dillard's who has it and ask the sales rep to call the store for you. I've notice that they're much nicer to their own employees than if you try to call for it on your own. If it's not on sale, shipping is free.  If it is on sale, they will hold it for up to 24 hours or ship it to you for only $6.00. Why waste your time and gas running from one Dillard's to another looking for your size when they'll do it for FREE!
5	When I'm not buying bargain-priced INC dresses at the Macy's at Fiesta Mall, I am buying bargain-priced dresses at the Dillards at Chandler Fashion Square.  They have a huge dress department with a great variety of designers.  And, of course, the best part is that they are always on sale and will probably have your size, even on the clearance racks. I'm not sure if that speaks to low sales volume, but it works for me.  A well-constructed Calvin Klein dress for under $30?  I'll take it.
1	The salespeople here need a serious lesson in manners. Just because you work where they sell nice clothes does not give you the right to act like a snob and look down on people. It doesn't matter if I am here to drop a few hundred bucks, the women here look at you like you're dirt. I have given this store multiple chances and the service is so awful I would not recommend coming here unless you're ready to throw back some dirty looks. I don't understand how these people got hired and why they haven't been fired but here's a piece of advice...SMILE. Offer help. Don't look and treat people like you're better than them. If you hate your job, quit. You're making people miserable when shopping is supposed to be enjoyable.
5	Good service, and found plenty of nice clothing over the years.
3	This is the only department store in the Chandler mall that has a  decent big and tall section for men.  I have always found the gentlemen working in that area to be helpful and not too pushy.  Most of the stuff is Ralph Lauren and other name brands that I consider to be overpriced but they do have excellent sales and a ton of stuff gets marked way down on clearance at the end of the season so you just have to time it right.  It is really your best shopping option in the area if you have a man in your life that is... well.... big and tall.As another reviewer mentioned they also have an excellent selection of ladies dresses.  And of course the best part about Dillard's is how the put those little stickers on your stuff so you can return it even if you loose the receipt.
4	Once a month they offer addtional savings on clearance merchandise.
5	I like to shop at Dillard's for shoes. Great selection and LOVE the prices when they have their sales. I went in the other day to get a pair for my friend's wedding. She wants the bridesmaids in sparkly shoes. I have some from my own wedding, but they are TERRIBLY uncomfortable. To be honest, I rarely find a comfortable pair of heels and I was explaining this to  Mitch in the shoe department. I was telling him that I am a size 8, but usually end up buying my heels in 7.5 because, otherwise, my feet slip right out of them. I have tried shoe inserts and they help...a little bit...sometimes....but one of my feet is usually slipping out halfway through a night of wearing them.Mitch offered to put some inserts in the heel I had picked. I explained that I had tried this before...I have even tried two inserts (one in the toe and one in the heel) with no luck. He suggested that it was all in the placement of the insert and he placed a Foot Petal towards the edge of the toe, where my big toe would be. It made a HUGE difference. I will admit that I also needed a heel insert. I'll be giving these babies a test run pretty soon here and I'll let you know the result. But, regardless, I appreciated Mitch's attentiveness and his non-pushy approach to selling shoes.
5	I have not been much of a Dillards shopper until lately. I have to say so far I am very happy here. Came in again the other day while we were at Chandler Mall. It was a crazy busy day inside the mall.The staff was still helpful and friendly.  One girl in housewares even got us a special box and held it for us until we were ready to leave the mall. That is really above and beyond.The store is clean ,well lit, and bathrooms are also clean and well matained.The selection in the strore is very nice, very high end these days.Parking was a bit outragous, but it is the month of Christmas.
4	Customer service is pretty good... The saleslady there really took the time to help me pick bridal jewelry for my wedding, which I appreciated.
3	This Dillard's location is just okay. I have purchased a few dresses and tops from this location over the last couple of months and every time I have been in my experience has only been so so. The sales associates in the women's dress department can be either too pushy or completely non existent but not a good balance of one or the other. I have had a little bit of a better experience in the accessories department and the associates in that department seem to be more interested in what you are looking for and how to help rather than just making a sale. I also had an issue recently with needing to return an item that was in perfect condition with tags attached but it had been just a few days over the return policy limit. The manager was able to give me a store credit which I appreciated because I knew I was over the limit of the return policy. Overall this store is just okay. I will be back because I like their selection of dresses and tops but I am still waiting for that wow customer service experience that I think you should get no matter where you are shopping.
5	I have been on a quest for good customer service in my part of the city, and wow I found it at Dillard's!  Normally the thought of going to the mall makes me nauseated and break out in a rash, but sometimes I have to go.  Mr. M and I had to go to get him a nice new suit, and me a nice new party dress for an upcoming wedding reception.  Now, I'm going to have to dig through Mr. M's receipts and find the young man's name who helped us, but he was stellar and put up with all my stupid comments and questions like, "That's too shiny"  "Nope.  Don't like the stripes" "Doesn't that make his butt look good?"  That poor guy.  Super prices, quality, and selection and they took care of some alterations.  I was impressed with the attention to detail on the hem for the pants, and he had great input on tie selection.  Top notch!Then, when it comes to me shopping for myself, I am totally out of practice.  I used to have to dress like a banker and had better habits.  Now I dress kind of like I could be beach-ready in 2.4 seconds.    Sooooo..... I sucked it up and went back to Dillard's this morning.I met a great saleswoman who had helpful recommendations on colors for the dress and fit, and some great tips for shoes.  I found a great Calvin Klein dress and shoes that are going to make everyone who sees me think, "Wow!  She can dress like a girl!", and the prices didn't break the bank.  The saleswoman who helped me and the dude in the shoe department were both outstanding!   Now I actually look forward to going back to the mall.
3	Dropped by Dillards to check out their Swarovski collection & found it to be quite limited. The ladies at the jewelry counter were friendly & recommended checking in the mall next to the food court. They believed their was a Swarovski location there still. As I was making my way thru the store I found an outfit for my little girl. I think the pricing was reasonable & the staff was helpful. Sometimes even a blind squirrel finds a nut.
1	I was shocked at Dillard's in Chandler tonight (Thursday). Saturday (five days ago) I purchased three shirts and two pairs of pants for a total of about $265. We took the tags off and washed the shirts (in accordance with the laundry instructions). One turned out scrawny and wrinkled. We ironed it. I tried it on, Wednesday morning, over a t-shirt, and found out it was scratchy too (and still wrinkly). I took it off, and took it back to the store tonight. The salesperson looked at it and said she would have to get approval from her manager to give a return. He (who said he was the acting store manager) said no; that because I took the tags off, washed it, and "wore" it (he said he smelled cologne on it, though I don't wear cologne), it was used, and he said I should read the (fine print) on the back of my receipt.I've never been so disgusted when returning an item (trying to) to a store in all my life. I've never even felt I had to "try" to return something; ordinarily, you take something back to a store, and at most stores, they don't even ask questions. Come to think of it, this one didn't ask questions either; they just said "no".
5	30% off everything! Including already reduced prices some were 50-75% off already! Besides the clothes, perfumes and shoes, they had great little end tables with unique gifts and stocking stuffers! Nearly finished all my Christmas shopping in this store! There wasn't any long lines and it wasn't too busy to the point of madness, just a good amount of people looking for a good deal! Also for every $50 you spend you get $10! Happy me! :) glad we stopped in to look, ended up crossing off most things from my list thanks to this store! Haha, might even come back after today, happy shopping everyone!
3	I shopped at Dillard's 3 times recently over the holidays. I enjoyed the selection in the juniors department but the staff.... ugg. There were about 5 or 6 girls on at a time and there were all standing clumped together. All snobbing it up. I mean if I asked for help they would help but they were very dismissive, a big group of silly acting sales girls all clumped together gossiping.. makes me feel like I'm either not cool enough to shop there or they need a mommy to come tell them to break it up. On one of my visits one of the girls actually gave a high five to the girl that was checking me out because I was making two transactions in one checkout saying "oh that;s number 7 for you way to go!" Maybe for the commission?? I don't know but just uggg! The lady in the women's section was great! And so was the women that helped me in the lingerie section. Overall I enjoy shopping at Dillard's but you don't need that many girls standing around gossiping and acting bored do you? 2 or 3 girls who actually take their job seriously would be great!
4	Many choices from Housewares to all types of women's clothing.  They also have a great Christmas section with Department 56 and other collectibles.  Layout is easy to follow with two stories and most brands you can think of.  Good place to shop.
2	I love shopping at Dillard's when I have a formal occasion because they usually have a great selection, but I am very concerned that when I purchased almost $1,000 worth of dresses on line yesterday, they could not forego the shipping charges of $12.  Really?   Macy's does not charge shipping if you purchase at least $99 so I'm surprised that Dillards cannot be a little more thankful that business is coming their way.   That's the reason for the 2 stars.
5	We love this Dillard's!  All of the departments that we frequent have awesome personnel that consistently greet us and take good care of us (men's, big and tall. juniors, women's, kids, shoes, housewares, lingerie).  Returns are quite simple as long as you pay attention to timeframes (some clearance items have a 3-day limit).  Throughout the year they have big sales that allow an additional 30-40% off already marked down items.  Can't beat it!
4	I've been shopping at Dillards on and off for years, and I really love coming here for stuff.  They have a really great selection of clothes and other items for men and women, and they tend to be reasonable in their prices.I came here today for some stuff in the ladies section, and had a great experience as always.  I was looking for a special bra to wear under a dress for an event I have at the end of the month, and the lady working in this section helped me find what I needed.  I told her what I was looking for, and she gave me an idea of what products would work best for my outfit.  She even brought stuff to the changing room as needed.I've bought other clothing items here over the years, and have always walked away satisfied.  Prices are reasonable, but your better off trying to wait for a sale or find a coupon if they offer any.  They really do have a great selection of items. I really wish they had locations in Michigan but unfortunately they do not.Dillard's had locations throughout the valley, but some of them tend to be either full fledged stores like this, or more clearance centers as I've found.  It just depends. I do not know why they did this, but the ones that are clearance centers are set up much messier with less organization.  Granted the prices at these clearance centers are rock bottom with up to 80% off, but you have to sort through stuff and hope that you find what your looking for.Overall this is my preffered location and store for most things I need.  As long I can catch a sale, (which I couldn't this time because I really needed this item) its a great place to shop.
