2	I give it a 2.5. I was enjoying my day off by doing errands and paying bills when hunger pangs struck. I must have been hungry because I decided to try a new Chinese buffet. As a Chinese buffet this one is at best very average. The food is spiced to their clientele( I was the only Asian in the joint that was not serving) so you know it was middle of the road. They did have a larger and more diverse selection that I expected. The selection of hot fish and shrimp dishes were more than normal. They also had dishes I did not expect there like tortilla chips, shrimp salsa and rice krispy treats w/ fruit loops in them. I liked those. Unfortunately there was not really anything else I could get excited about. Like I said average at most.
5	They can't seem to make up their mind what to call this place!  The sign outside says "China King Buffet", their business card says, "Super China King Buffet", & when I asked the hostess about "King Buffet 2000" (the heading here), she said, "Yes, that's us too".Whatever the name is, this place is excellent!  Norm R., Mike C., & I stopped in here today for lunch, & I started with some Hot & Sour Soup that was really tops.  From there, it was on to around 90 total food choices, including Mongolian Barbecue & sushi.  I really enjoyed everything I had room to try, & my only regret was that I got full before I could get to everything that I wanted.They call the dining room "cozy" on the front window.  To me, that would be Copper Kettle in Tempe, not this big place, but it does have a comfortable dining room, divided into several sections & softly lit while the lighting over the food serving trays is nice & bright.Along with everything else, there were lots of fish & seafood selections, including delicious Ceviche!  (I don't know what they're doing with THAT here, but they DID remember to have tostadas to put it on!)  Also, a lot of the usual things that you expect were especially good, such as the fried chicken.  There were great desserts too, & even the service was especially friendly & attentive.  All this for $8.99, & Seniors less.I love "?? King Buffet ??" & can't wait to go back!
4	This is one of those establishments that make me wish that we were allowed to give ratings in 1/2 star increments. The location (Papago Plaza, on McDowell and Scottsdale Rd.) is excellent; the restaurant is easy to find and parking is more than ample. The staff is friendly and very attentive. The buffet offerings are one gustatory delight after another. I wanted to go for seconds for almost every dish, and knew I shouldn't because there were so many to try. You get more seafood offerings here than in most buffets, and I like that they offered fried, baked, and poached fish dishes. The dishes I found outstanding: the fried chicken, the ceviche (with tostadas!), and pretty much all the shrimp dishes. Rand H., Mike C. and I kept commenting to each other how good each of the things we got was. However, two of my favorite dishes in buffets were a disappointment here: the sushi was very bland, and the squid was rubbery-chewy. Also, although the buffet serving area was very brightly lit, I found the main dining area to be too dim; the dimness level was such that some candlelight on the tables would have been a nice and practical touch. These are the few things that prevent me from giving this buffet restaurant the full five stars. Still, the meal was very enjoyable and  in my buffet list I consider this establishment to be one for repeat visits. Four and a half stars.
5	wow i am impressed every dish i tried was was wonderful. King buffet 2000 ranks right up there with the best of them.They had a wide selection of trays and a mongolian grill.some of the ones i really enjoyed were a pineapple shrimp dish,bacon and potatoes which was more like smoked ham rather then bacon but none the less very yummy,they had that baked crab and cheese dish you see at alot of chinese buffets but here the crab meat was not imitation.They had more seafood trays then your average chinese buffet all of wich were good. i had a bowl of soup and six plates of food wich is alot for a skinny guy like myself but the food here keeps you wanting more.So if you go to King Buffet 2000 make sure your hungry.
4	Just about the best Chinese buffet I've had. Mother in law didn't like the ribs but we all liked the rest of the food and service was wonderful.
1	Ok, I don't go to chinese buffets with the highest expectations in the first place, especially here in AZ... but man, this place was HORRIBLE.  The food was extremely tough and chewy, drowned in whatever mystery sauce you chose, in hopes of reconstituting the chicken jerky (all of which were lacking any type of flavor). The overwhelming smell of fish wafting around the restaurant is enough to make even a lover of fish, such as myself, want to vomit.  The only saving grace of this place might be the egg flower soup... not bad.  I wouldn't  EVER eat here again.
4	I've been coming here for several years now, and I love this place! The buffet offers some classic Chinese dishes, but has other items like pizza and french fries.  The servers are friendly, prompt and attentive.
4	I dined here last Friday evening and spent $11.97. The food that I tried was fabulous. I enjoyed the chicken cooked in peanut oil, sesame chicken, crab cakes, brocoli and the fried bananas. The food was also fresh, which is sometimes a problem with some buffets.The Fried Bananas are cut into small bite size portions and you have the option of soaking them into vanilla pudding. I have been to many asian restaurants that have this dish, but King Buffet is definitely the best at making it. The Sesame Chicken, which is my favorite chinese dish, was very tasty and worth the price of admission. Kudos to fellow yelper Rand H. for recommending this place.The only reason this place rates 4 stars instead of 5 stars is there is no self service with the soda dispenser. I hate asking someone for a soda at a buffet. Buffet by it's very definition is self service.
4	I've been going to King's for quite a few years now - both take out and sit down. Have to say that my favorite dish is the Pineapple Shrimp, second being the cinnamon sugar donut thingies (uber good, but oh so bad for you!) Food is always hot. And they are always on top of their game with drink refills/removal of finished plates.
4	Good buffet at a fair price.
4	Wow, it's been almost 9 months since Norm R., Mike C. & I tried this place!  That's a lot of buffets ago for me, so it was time to get over here to try it again & give it an update.  Again, Mike C. joined me for the outing, & here's a rundown of how it went for me:*  They still can't make up their mind what to call this place, & they still call it "cozy" on the front window.  It's certainly NOT cozy!  That would be Copper Kettle in Tempe, or Star of India in Ahwatukee!  With that said, though...The excellent:*  The atmosphere of the big dining room here IS completely comfortable, & I found it easy to find a suitable booth to land in.*  There was a TV, but it was turned all the way down, & nice Chinese music was playing softly over the PA System.*  The staff was friendly, & the table service just right.*  The Hot & Sour soup was very good, & made from a different recipe than you usually see, plus they put meat in it.  Yum!*  The Sushi was good!*  They had fresh pineapple, not canned...  an unusual treat at a Chinese Buffet!*  There were pieces of a peculiar fish out that they called "Snow Fish".  The grain was vertical, & it seemed to me that it might be the flesh of ray wings, smoked.  Whatever it was, it was really good!Ah, but there was the less wonderful:*  The Fried Rice was greasy & blah.*  The Mongolian BBQ was weak.  There was no lamb or pork, & the chicken, beef & shrimp were pre-cooked!  Also, there was only one sauce to put on, plus the red hot stuff & garlic goo you usually see.SO, while this place doesn't measure up to the best Chinese Buffets in the area, such as Pacific Seafood, #1 Eastern, Crazy & Jen, it's still a cut above many, & worthy of a good, strong 4-Star rating!Lunch Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr.
1	This place single handedly took the cake for Worlds Worst Chinese Buffet! Soon as I walked in at 3pm the people seemed sort of rude. I was so hungry  I didnt care. The workers were constantly evening out the serving pans almost immediately after I took a portion out. They never once added new food, they just kept smoothing out food piles to make it look like it was freshly put out. They charged me $11 which thought was high.   Everything at the Buffet was just awful. Half cold rice, the beef and brocoli was so over cooked it disentigrated soon as i took a bite. I tried probably 12 different items and was laughing at how miserable the meal was. My advice RUN!
5	This is hands down the best Chinese buffet I've had since moving to Tempe. I was truly beginning to lose hope of ever finding a decent all you can eat place. I'm not into sushi or and am allergic to shellfish so those big buffets that are $12-$14 per person because of crab legs don't interest me at all. This place was priced right, I believe it was $8.99 a person, drink included. This is the first buffet where I've actually enjoyed teriyaki chicken! Everywhere else was bland or dry which supposedly marinated food should NEVER be. I saw nice fluffy scrambled eggs in my evenly cooked fried rice and it wasn't overly salty or greasy. Oh and to top it off even the Chinese donuts (which if you've never had them are round fried dough covered in sugar) were warm and not overly crispy or stiff from being out too long. Hmm, what else...oh yes! The salmon, it's always a gamble at buffets (is it overcooked, undercooked, dry, soaked in butter/salt?). It was very very good! Even my kid ate it and she hardly eats anything but rice and potatoes in the form of french fries. My husband loved it too, he tried a little of everything in the place except sushi and enjoyed everything. My only negative for the whole thing was the first lady who took our money at the register was talking on the phone the whole time she attended to us, so she wasn't open to any questions we might've had or anything along those lines. She did manage to ask how old our kid was before ringing us up but that's about it.Will definitely be going back for the food though!
5	King Buffet 2000 had me at the word buffet, and I recommend renaming the establishment The Buffet of 2000 Kings.  They have sausage with potatoes and onions, and if you are too good for potatoes, they also have it with just onions.  I was two good for potatoes on my second visit, but based on my first visit, I can say that the potatoes are good.  You can't go wrong either way.  And as a bonus, the sausage is even a little spicy.  A lot of the seafood was also good: the salmon, the other fish of the day, the clams, and the pineapple shrimp dish looked interesting.  The pineapple shrimp might have been good, but I couldn't risk the remaining room in my stomach.  The Chinese dishes and disserts were okay.  The wait staff was almost too attentive, and the meal was under $9 including the drink.  And for some reason, walking through an arch makes me feel special.
5	New Owners - HUGE IMPROVEMENT!! This is the only buffet I can get J to go to. That's saying a lot! His opinion, buffets do a lot of dishes half-assed, instead of a few dishes really well. But this one is alright. Pineapple Shrimp is still my favorite. Second being the rice noodles. :)
4	According to Dr. Oz, one in three women over the age of forty suffers from constipation. Well if you're one of those unlucky three, have I got good news for you!Mandarin Buffet (formerly King).The buffet selection is huge, and the items all look tasty as they beckon you with their siren song. And this is how you'll fix those bloated bowels once and for good. Try everything. Yes, a little smattering of every item will guarantee your greasing-off heaters again in no time.For me, that was about an hour.But hey, everyone's different. I process food slower than most, so I may be the anomaly here. You just may find you'll blow-up THEIR bathroom, instead of the office restroom, which in retrospect would have been a whole lot less humiliating.I'm not certain what got me deucing so badly, but I think it was the pink stuff that looked like chicken and tasted like anything but. Maybe it was pork, I'm not sure but again, try everything to be safe.You're bound to get a case of the trots and by doing so,  get those bowels working again like a washing machine on its spin cycle, instead of those lazy as mud city workers...you know, with five guys standing around on a street corner looking down a hole in the pavement.I gave King stars because I've been off my crapping game lately (like you care)  and this one little sojourn got me right back on track. Pretty cool, huh?
4	Nice orange chicken
1	This place is horrible. The only time this place might be satisfying is if I were completely stoned. The sushi was worse than the stuff you buy from the grocery store.The orange chicken was watery.The teriyaki was dry.There is nothing that would ever get me to come back to this place.
3	we decided to run in the other night to get takeout. I was a bit surprised at the price because instead of a flat fee, they charge something like $4.99/lb so they weigh your container before they charge you. The soup prices were insanely low though, like 4 bucks per large container. I'm gonna be honest, this place is a little (alot) divey and I've seen better spreads BUT they have a nice dessert section and some of the usual popular stuff like walnut shrimp and lo mein and etc. We ended up walking out for about 18 bucks for two containers worth of food and a large hot and sour soup. Fine dining it is NOT but the food was hot and filled us up. It wasn't the best chinese food we've had but we didn't have to wait, the prices are decent and the food was tasty enough.I believe it's family run and the owners were nice and friendly when we walked in. It's a nice option for when you're on the run and need a decent meal quickly.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =This restaurant closed  clear back in June, 2011, yet people are still posting Reviews saying they have eaten there!(The property reopened back then as Mandarin Buffet, which has Reviews here on Yelp.)
