5	Really great place!  I love that they have many options for vegetarians.  Service is always really good too.
4	I think the food here is fine, but this place's reputation as the best Vietnamese in town could def. be contested.  This is the "hot-spot" place to get Vietnamese, and the food here is good, but there are plenty of other good places in town.  I really prefer Ben Thanh on Central because it's larger and there is never a wait.
4	The food is good here.  Nothing special; but, not bad.
5	I love the variety on the menu because everything is great here. It's the best service in town and everyone here is SO friendly. I will always return to Lang Van--sometimes twice a week!
2	This place isnt that great, but I guess there are not that many Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte so its ok to eat at.  Service is ok, food ok, overall is ok.  Really, there's nothing special here.
4	I'd heard nothing but rave reviews of Lang Van, but I never been to check it out until this past Friday. My first impression of the restaurant is that it looks a little sketchy on the outside...kind of like a converted garage...and the parking lot is a big, concrete jungle. When you get through the doors, though, it gets much better inside. It's actually pleasant in a minimalist kind of way. The large windows that give it the garage-effect outside make it bright and pretty inside. One of my favorite things about Vietnamese, Thai, and other islandy cuisines are the exotic drinks, and I'm not just talking about alcohol. I'm always a fan of bubble tea, fresh juices, milk teas, and anything else. I wanted to check out the menu at Lang Van a bit to see what they had, but the staff was a little over-eager to take my order. "Can I help you? Are you ready?" again and again, until finally I gave up trying to read. I ordered the fresh squeezed lemon juice, which is a kind of sweet and tangy lemonade. It reminded me a little of the lemonade you can get at Chic-Fil-A...good stuff.I ordered the vermicelli with curry, and it absolutely lived up to my expectations. It juxtaposed spicy with sweet in the perfect way, and I ate it all. The tofu was crispy and spicy and lemon-grassy and awesome.Another great part of Lang Van is the little peanut-butter cookie they bring out with the bill, and a little Vietnamese candy. I like freebies, and these were much more interesting than a fortune cookie or a mint.Overall, the food was great, the service was (possibly a little too) prompt, and the environment was bright and nice. I'll definitely go back.
4	Best pho I've found in Charlotte. I doesn't look like much from the outside, but once inside I found it pleasant. Certainly not a fancy place, but the staff has always been attentive. They once overcharged me but I didn't notice. On my next visit, the manager made a point to welcome us back and delivered cash to our table in the amount we were overbilled. I was impressed with their integrity.
4	Lang Van's food is great. I agree with Joy S. -- the service is almost too prompt. I went to Lang Van to catch up with old friends I hadn't seen in a while. But our order was taken and our food came out so quickly, we probably ended up being there less than 45 minutes. I probably shouldn't complain though. It's better than slow service.
4	we had a group of 10 here, including a 2 year old, on a weekend night, and they were very gracious and friendly.  everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered, which included pho, bun, some fancy thing that involved wrapping your food in pancakes, and a number of appetizers.  i had pho, and it was everything i wanted it to be - comforting, aromatic, good amount of meat, ample plate of stuff to throw in it.  it isn't the best broth i've ever had, but it was perfectly satisfying.
5	At long last, my search for good, authentic Vietnamese food has finally ended. Thanks to Yelp and a recommendation from a Vietnamese woman, I tried Lang Van for lunch and I'm only sorry that I didn't try it sooner. In my opinion, this place is head and shoulders above Ben Thanh, in every aspect.  I'll stop comparing prices with SoCal. It seems that Vietnamese food is generally $2.00 more than in SoCal, but for once, the food is worth it. The neighborhood isn't the greatest. The exterior may not look like much. But what it has going for it is easy parking, a pleasantly decorated interior, very friendly and attentive service and pretty outstanding Vietnamese food. We were warmly greeted by the family who runs the restaurant. The people who work here are really, really nice. They have a large menu with some great staples and some unique dishes. My husband's favorite is the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio. I felt a little more adventurous and had the Cary Ga (yellow chicken curry). See my photos for Lang Van. The portion here is just right, bordering on the more generous side. Everything is carefully prepared, perfectly flavored and well-presented. I have not a single complaint (and I'm admittedly, a Vietnamese food snob).   It's evident that the chefs here have skills, a refined palatte and stay true to the dish.The meat for the Bun Thit Nuong was perfectly cooked and delicious. Ample vermicelli noodles, meat, lettuce, mint and my favorite crushed peanuts on top. This is a pretty accessible dish for beginners (slightly sweet, savory, lots of textures).I rarely ever order yellow chicken curry at a Vietnamese restaurant because I remember how my mom used to make it and I'm always disappointed. Lang Van makes it even better. It's nothing like Thai curry (so don't expect it), but it is healthier and more delicately flavored. Sweet potatoes, onions, broth, curry flavor and tender chicken served with your choice of rice or baguette. I went with rice. Even my husband enjoyed it. But it's not for everyone, especially those who are used to thick coconut sauce Thai curry. This is more soupy in texture, but just as delicious. I will definitely be back here again. Not only was the Vietnamese food here good by Charlotte standards, it was good by any city's standards, probably some of the best, simple Vietnamese food I've had in a long time. Charlotte needs more Vietnamese restaurants like this one. This is a must try for any Vietnamese food aficionado and if you've never had Vietnamese food, try this one and you're likely to convert.
4	Get the green beans with tofu.  Even if you are not a vegetarian (I'm not) this dish will truly delight.  The hot pots are also very delicious.  I have never gone wrong with anything anything I ordered here.  This restaurant would do well in San Francisco, so for it to be in Charlotte is a real treat.
5	After spending the early afternoon at the Charlotte Museum of History, my husband and I found Lang Van nearby. (We ran into another group that just finished the museum there as well. I'm sure that happens often.)Similar to other reviews, the outside of the building is very plain. However, as we walked in there are decorations of bamboo sticking up around the tables and it was open and bright. We received a warm greeting.The menu is a bit overwhelming because they offer over 130 items to choose from. Some dishes (mainly vegetarian) were just under $10, while many dishes were $11 to $15. We ordered #2 Summer roll for an appetizer and the Green beans and tofu (based on a prior review and it was a recommendation of our server). The Summer roll was great! Just enough for us to both try one. The dipping sauce was delicious. The green beans and tofu was very good. I'm not a big fan of a lot of onions, so I had to pick around them in this dish. The tofu was great. The portion was enough for us to share and we were very full at the end. We received a lot of attention and our glasses of water never ran dry! The little cookies at the end (when we got the bill) were a nice little treat...just the right amount of sweet. We will definitely return over and over again so we can begin to try more of their many dishes.
5	Yes there are one trillion items on the menu, but it's all good and once you pick something yummy, the staff remembers what you chose and after you go there a few times, they will always know what you want.  the second I walk in, they ask me "110?" and I say "sure" and then about 60 seconds later, the food is in front of me.  (by the way, try #110 - it's out of this world!!)  they also fill your glass of water each time you take a sip.  at some restaurants that would be obnoxious but i find it endearing at lang van.  five stars all around for this gem at the corner of Shamrock and Eastway!
5	Best Vietnamese I've had, and although a little pricey (their daily specials are creative and tasty, but start at $11) I just can't resist. In fact, I think I'll just stick with Lang Van curries when I'm in the mood, because as different as they are from Thai, they're satisfying and complex, and the chefs are willing to sub ingredients if you're having a craving for, say, eggplant instead of potato. This place is a vegetarian paradise, and has three times as many options for meaters. My all time fav is the Banh Xeo-- a huge savory pancake made with shitakes and stuffed with bean sprouts and tofu. Served with that tangy, peanut-y fish sauce and a mound of fresh herbs on the side as a salad-- thai basil, mint, cilantro and fresh lettuce. Talk about Vietflavor overload. LOVE it.
5	One of the two best vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte.  The service is exceptional, and the food saviory.  It is located in a shady part, but well lite parking lot.  Plus the restaurant is clean.  Their pancake, and tofu spinach is amazing, and healthy.  Stay away from their Phos.  Not enough meat and too much broth.
4	Good, fresh food.  The service I had today was a little rushed, but the food was just what I wanted, though a little pricey.  Inside atmosphere is nice.
5	Whenever I'm in a bad mood or have had a bad day, I want to go to Lang Van.Where else do you get a hug from the owner when you walk through the door? And where they know exactly what you want even when you don't? I love Lang Van and while it's located in a semi-shady part of town, it's worth it.  The food is always fresh and the sevice always attentive.Plus, for my birthday they gave me a container of the peanut cookies they give you with your check. It's like visiting my mom without the guilt!
4	Very good, I don't think it's the best i've had but it's really good.  I really like the do it yourself fresh rolls.  The pho is okay, maybe it's the broth, but the ingredients are fresh as can be.
3	Came here with friends who never have eaten Vietnamese before.  Whenever I take a newbie to a Vietnamese restaurant I always recommend the Com Suon Noung ( Grilled Pork Chop over broken rice).  My friends weren't adventurous for it so they ordered something else.  I went ahead and got the pork chop.  It was so disappointing.  It was more like a flatten medallion pork.  I couldn't take the lemongrass, shallots, or anything else for that matter.  My friend ordered the fried rice, didn't finish it and didn't want to take the leftovers home with her either.  I gave the restaurant a second chance the following night.  Pretty much the same.  Nem Nuong (meatball) had too much 5 spice seasoning.  The Canh Chua had whole pieces of okra which is a no-no for me.
4	Lang Van is a second-look hottie.  You know, the boy/girl who, upon first inspection seems a little disheveled and oddly shoed, and only wants to talk about the first release of the first Joy Division album and you're all audible eyerolls but then:  you notice the fragile bow of their upper lip and their adorable husky laugh and the canary yellow socks that accompany their unselfconscious pigeon toes and suddenly you just want to get married?  I KNOW.  me too.They're in a weird half-intersection that's a bit of a clusterfuck next to a used car-lot.  And because my brain hates me I was silently singing along to Whitney Houston's "I wanna dance with somebody" on the violin and dramatic piano muzak that was playing.  You could drive right by Lang Van and never know.  The food.  Made me want to write Neruda-style love poems about it.  Sparkling basil, mint, and cilantro flavors like new cherry blossoms on warm spicy broth saplings.  I stuffed myself to the point of discomfort simply to try and pinpoint where the star anise flavor ended and the beef began.  The pho is better than any you've ever had.  Swear.Top 5:-The pho.  doye.-the do it yourself spring roll things with the bowl of hot water.  do it.-Banh Xeo, yellow pancake.  -Crispy quail.-The specials.Enjoy it for me when you go because I only get it like once a year.
2	This review is a placeholder of sorts--I have read the other reviews, and I don't feel like they went to the same restaurant I did. So I want to go back and give them another try, SOON.I go to Vietnam Grille about once a week. Their pho is so far above the norm that comparisons to it are futile. So I'm not sure I gave Lang Van's pho a fair shake. Plus, I was there with a friend and her adorable but napless toddler, so impressions of the food are but fleeting.  Lots of basil on the side, and plenty of limes and sprouts. My friend had never had Vietnamese food before, so I wanted her to love it as much as I do. I was not "bowled" over by the pho. Their egg rolls I cannot remember. I think they were fine (this was about 3 weeks ago). That said, I loved the interior, the service was swift and impeccable, and they had PLUM WINE. Yum. It felt like a warm, happy place to be on a cold, rainy day.
4	Having arrived before they opened, I waited in my vehicle until opening time. It was hard to determine when they were ready for me, because they continued cleaning until 5 minutes after opening time. I finally went in when another customer pulled in and got out of his car.On the positive side:  I decided to try the crispy quail, a new one for me. 4 little quail (quails?) fried to a crisp and dipped in a little container with pepper and lemon juice. Absolutely delightful. Very finger-foodish, so needed the napkin frequently. Their service is attentive and quick. I did feel rushed, as other reviewers have mentioned. Good place for a fast business lunch, but not a place to contemplate one's existence in peaceful reverie, you know?Daughter wanted noodle bowl (we got the mixed one--shrimp, pork, egg roll). The sauce complemented the plenteous noodles and salad, and the meat was tender and flavorful. The shrimp came on a skewer.  Thumbs up.I wanted to give their pho another try, at least the broth, so I tried to order just a tiny bowl of broth--no meat, noodles, etc.  They brought a regular size bowl with pho broth AND noodles, and charged 5.95 for it. Apparently  the reason I couldn't remember their pho for my last review is that it's not worth mentioning, in my opinion. The flavor is either non-existent or it's kind of like those high-pitched dog whistles that only dogs can hear. I couldn't hear it. So, a mixed bag. Go for something besides the pho and you'll be happy.
4	This is a favorite of mine - I go here at least once a month.  Don't get intimidated by the huge menu - if you are at a loss just ask the waiter - 'do you have something like....' and say what you like and chances are you will get it and love it.  The make your own shrimp wraps here are a must.  I always get the seafood soup, they bring with it a platter of greens so you can put in everything to taste (including a whole bowl of sliced jalepeno!)  I am not sure what the seafood soup is called on the menu - i just describe it and they bring it out.  Fantastic spot!
3	06/20/10(Not so) fresh in Charlotte (we took the red-eye flight in), Mom and I were driven here by my sister and her son straight from the airport for some good Vietnamese fare.  She's been here before with coworkers, so she knew we'd enjoy the food (I turned her onto Thai green curry, and she knew Mom liked pho).  As we got out of the car, she said that this place was a hole-in-the-wall (the outside certainly screamed of it), but I'd already come across reviews from Charlotte yelpers, so I knew the food was, at the very least, decent.  I told her it wasn't me she should be apologizing to about the dive-y aspect of LV, but I digress...Well!  Whatever LV lacks in looks outdoors, it certainly made up for indoors-- this place doesn't look like a dive at all!  It's actually pretty cozy indoors, with warm paint hues, wall accents, and floral decor.  Staff seemed friendly enough, with sincere smiles and perky greetings at the ready.  That is, up until I started taking photos* of my durian shake.  Duri-what, you say?  But I'm getting ahead of myself...We started off with glasses of water all around and a durian shake.  Well, first I asked what our server would recommend- the soursop or the durian shake?  She said she liked the flavor and consistency of the durian, but that I should really go for the avocado.  Now, we're from the Philippines, so we all know about soursop, durian, and avocado, so I get what she was trying to tell me.  Unfortunately, I have an avocado allergy, so that's a no-go.  (Why, oh why can't I be allergic to a food I hate??)  So, I went w/ the stinky durian.If you've ever come across durian, you know it's not a scent you'd readily reach a bottle of and spray on yourself willingly (you might as well reach for a skunk), but many food addicts will agree with me, it makes for a mighty tasty and creamy beverage!  OMG, how I wanted to order another one, and I wasn't even finished with the first!  Our mom agreed with me; my sister didn't.  Sadly, bec. her son heard of his mom's aversion, he wasn't willing to give it a go.  Oh, well.  More for us!Our server came back and took the rest of our order: fresh summer rolls app (goi cuon) for Mom and sis; eggrolls (chia gio) and a chicken skewer on vermicelli for the little one; a stir-fried shrimp with steamed veggies for Mom; a chicken curry with stewed sweet potato chunks for sis; and beef lemongrass curry for me.  All rolls came wrapped with rice paper; non-noodle dishes came with rice, with the exception of my selection, which came over shredded lettuce, sauteed onions, crisp alfalfa sprouts, and chopped parsley.  Nephew loved the eggrolls!  So much so, he didn't even touch his chicken skewer and noodles.  Mom and sis enjoyed the shrimp dish, but eschewed the chicken and sweet potato curry, stating that the chicken "fingers" were dry and flavorless.  (Indeed, they looked like pieces that normally are subject to the blanch and shock methods of cooking to be later used in stir-fried and curry-fried dishes.)  Mom, sis, and I agreed, however, that the stewed sweet potato chunks were delicious; the one-note sweet flavor in this curry dish came from the sweet potato.  I think the dish would've been better served with beef...It was unanimous- the best dish in the entire meal was the beef lemongrass curry!  I was tempted to order medium-spice, but I wanted Mom to enjoy it, as well, so I chose mild, and were we all glad that I did!  Perfectly spiced (apparently, Viet-mild is hotter than Thai-mild), the beef was very flavorful, salted just so, and was oh-so-tender that it almost melted in your mouth, yet had enough of a chew to it that you knew you were having stir-fried meat.  Y'know what I'm sayin'?  Oh, forget what I'm trying to say and just order a plate and taste what I mean for yourself!    With such a spread, we didn't order any desserts- the shake was decadent enough.  However, the bill arrived with a few of those tamarind-flavored candy, as well as these ab-fab mini peanut-cookie morsels!  I am now on a quest to hunt a bag (or two, or three!) of these to take back home!  No, they're not made in-house, so perhaps someone can tell me where I can find some?*Try to keep the photos to a minimum.  All of the smiles from other servers disappeared once I started taking photos of the shake, and later, the food.  Our server kept up with the smiles, though.
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant.I'm not certain if it is because of the food (incredibly delicious) or because of the wait staff (very attentive)The owner is hilarious. She has a great sense of humor. She always recognizes and hugs us (and everyone else who walks through the door)She won't allow us to pick certain items (example: my husband has been wanting to try the duck and she refuses to let him order it- she prefers to order for us. We thought that there was no duck, but we now know that there is duck, she just doesn't want us to eat the duck. We have no idea why, but we just go along with whatever she says). The summer roles are delicious. We always end up staying longer than planned. We always end up with coffee and talking to the owner and our friends. They don't mind if you linger over your food. It is a relaxing atmosphere.You will never have an empty glass of water. At the end of the dinner they give you yummy cookies.
2	Lang Van is a little overpriced and overrated.  Sure, the food is good, but it is Americanized Vietnamese and I guess it shows since the clientele are mostly American.  We went on a Friday night and the restaurant was very busy.  So busy that we got the last remaining open table.  We ordered fried spring rolls and two bowls of pho dac biet.  Whenever I get pho, I always order the dac biet since it includes everything.  The dac biet here was seriously lacking in ingredients and portion size.  I finished my bowl in no time and I did not leave full.  This is the first time a bowl of pho did not fill me up.  Not only that, but one bowl is $8.95!  (Bowls at most other pho shops start at $2-3 less.)Maybe I'm just used to all the Vietnamese pho shops up and down Buford Highway in Atlanta, but the pho here was kind of a joke.  There were much less noodles and no tripe in the soup.  Also, instead of giving us limes to eat with the pho, they gave us *lemons* - another first.  Anyhow, while the food itself is good, the portions are lacking and the prices are jacked up.  I'm sure there are better, more authentic Viet places in Charlotte.
3	Divey on the outside but clean, bright and welcoming interior.  The bamboo setup is charming and the service was just right - she was attentive most of the time, but while I played the jerk and yakked on my cell phone (I'm sorry, but I got a call that I needed to take.  I think I kept my volume reasonable) she hung back.Got a bowl of pho.  I suppose I shouldn't have, because I know you're supposed to put the cilantro in to get the full flavor, and I loathe, detest, and abhor the vile herb.  So I loaded up on sprouts, lettuce, basil and lemon, and popped in a few slivers of jalapeno.  Tasty bowl of soup, but for me, nothing to come back again and again for.  I learned to let the sprouts sit for a while so that they would soften and their uh, healthy flavor would subside.  Overall solid and enjoyable.  I might return and try something else.
5	I have a running joke with friends that I take to Lang Van and that is you can order anything you want off of their 200 item menu but chances are the manager won't let you have it. Sure enough friends of mine will carefully look over the menu say what they want then the manager will shake her head and say "no, no" "what do you like? Shrimp, rice? I make you something" If you are smart you'll go with her suggestion because the food is good! I get the same thing every time: Chicken with flat noodles (might be #105 or 106 on the menu) and vegetables + shrimp spring rolls. [sidenote* the manager always remembers me and what I ordered even if it was months ago.]The only bad thing about Lang Van is the location (far away from most and not the safest) but the food will keep you coming back.
5	Excellent pho. Loved the spring rolls...basil and mint really taste so fresh with the perfectly cooked shrimp.Will definitely return!
3	Clean gourmet style pho restaurants are somewhat of an oxymoron. Most pho joints cater to the Asian public and personal experience has taught me that cleanliness and service aren't exactly top selling points. Lang Van is step away from that generalization; quite clean with impeccable service. While the water was always full and plates were swiftly picked up, that service isn't quite what I was expecting. I'm the type that eats slow and enjoys lingering with my bowl of pho, sipping my broth even after the noodles are done. The broth here is quiet tasty, and when the waiter asked if I was finished, I felt obligated to save face and not look like a total oink. There's a fine line between good service and rushing a customer and I seem to be stuck somewhere in the middle of that line. Fried spring rolls are top notch, but overall the pho is just mediocre. It's pricey and the portions appear to be child like. Noodles were scarce and the Dac Biet (special) was lacking a lot of meats. There wasn't anything special about it. I guess I should have read the description prior to ordering. I know there's some method of madness to sit customers in a certain section, but with an empty restaurant, do you seriously have to sit us right smack next to someone? One of my pet peeves, sorry. Lang Van still isn't my favorite, but cleanliness and good service is something that can't be overlooked.
5	This is, hands down, my favorite hidden hole-in-the-wall in Charlotte.  The problem is, it's not that big a secret anymore.  Pull up any evening and see the yuppie smattering of BMWs and SUVs lining the parking spaces at the front of this little unassuming building that houses such a number of tasty eats.  Add to that it's at the intersection of Eastway and Shamrock and the contrast is only that much more apparent.  That's right true Charlotteans- Eastway and Shamrock!  Double-check your locks before you head inside for some true Vietnamese delights.As any regular knows, the place is actually run by a head female server who knows her customers to a fault and greets you with hugs and an almost scary photographic memory of what you like to eat and drink.  The top steak houses in the city can keep track of my visits all they want, but they still can't recite and confirm my order for me before I've even slid into one of the booths to prepare for the meal to come.  I kinda of like that, even if it locks me in before I've perused the menu.  Luckily, I've carved out a trio of favorites that the head server runs thru before we send the order back to the kitchen.  Highlights include summer rolls- tender rice paper wraps fresh shrimp mixed with greens, bean sprouts and mint leaves.  The star here, though, is really the peanut dipping sauce.  I unabashedly lick the little blow clean and have yet to find the equivalent anywhere else.  It adds the perfect mix of tang and savory to contrast with the fresh earthiness of the greens and mint leaves in the roll.  I could make a whole meal out of these.For mains, I'm a big time fan of the lemongrass curries.  Be it chicken or tofu, the flavor here rules- delicate lemongrass with the base heat and pungency of curry.  The balance is near-perfect and I find myself using the side dish of rice to soak up every bit of the sauce.  The fresh cilantro on top is like icing on this cake.  I even love that you have the pull the herb's leaves off to mix in yourself- you control the strength of that element.On colder nights, I also advocate the clay pot house special.  It's a mix of meats served with vegetables and a rice cooked in a savory tomato base all melding together in a very hot clay pot.  It warms me up and is one of those "stick to your ribs" dishes that leaves me full.Meals are always finished off with a check and a couple mini peanut butter cookies, thicker than they are wider.  Nice and cakey, without being overly sweet.  You also get a tamarind hard candy, wrapped and perfect to open later.  On the weekends you also get the most wonderful sesame bun with a sweet bean curd filling.  I would threaten to cut my dining companions if they shut me out on this last piece, it is served hot and I could eat dozen if they'd let me.In short, you get a get a mix of fresh herbs and savory sauces that are really perfect together.  The menu is many, many pages long, but do not fear- just tell the server what you like and trust in her.  Yes, the prices here are a notch above what you might expect, but I have found portion sizes to be generous and the wife and I get by usually sharing a single entree, especially after each having a couple of summer rolls.  The service, though, is especially efficient and expedient, even a single sip of water tends to generate a refill within seconds.  I can deal with that.  If you drink iced tea, they bring you a whole mini pitcher just for yourself.  Beware- I find their tea is brewed really strong and the sweet tea- well, hope you like the sugar you true Southerner, you.If I had one complaint here, it's the soundtrack that is on endless loop.  Jazzy elevator music classics that are cheesier than any dish you will find on the menu.  I swear every time I walk in I am "treated" to "My heart will go on" the Titanic theme song and the theme song from Bonanza- all in the mellow, jazz style that is meant to stay in the background but ends up being that gnat in your ear that just won't go away.Still, I don't come hear to enjoy the tunes.  I come to enjoy the food, and that, my friends, is superbly executed here.
3	Great, authentic eats with friendly but over eager service. I will definitely return because the menu is VERY extensive and the flavor of both dishes at our table was outstanding. Being used to authentic ethnic food on every corner in NYC, I was impressed to find something in Lang Van to rival home.It would be nice, though, if the interior was a bit better than "classy diner" and if the waiters didn't refill my water glass every time I took a sip.
3	Lang Van is great and offers pretty much all the same items as Ben Thanh, but, although I can't quite put my finger on what it is exactly, I prefer Ben Thanh to Lang Van.I usually find myself here on Wednesdays, when Ben Thanh is closed and I'm craving some Tofu with Garlic Sauce.
2	So, I have to update this since my last review because 1) I went to Vietnam Grille on South and 2) I tried Lang Van again.  What I had at Lang Van was oh-so-better at Vietnam Grille - had more flavor & tasted fresher.  Also, my companion found a hair in his soup at LV.  Service was much better this time.
4	Not sure what you can say about Lang Van that hasn't already been said!  I've been here a few times with good company and always enjoyed it.  The staff is very eager to please, sometimes a little too eager...haha :).  As others have stated, the menu is huge but I've never gotten anything that wasn't pretty tasty.  The wraps appetizers are great, also the curry with the sweet potatoes in it is awesome.  I've also tried the hot pot where you cook your own meat (steak, chicken, shrimp, calamari) and veggies in the broth...very good and fun to share!They have also recently worked on the parking lot and there's a lot of parking around back now.  Great little spot for some Vietnamese grub!
5	Yum Yum Yum I love it when I walk in the door and don't even need to order because the hostess always knows what I want to eat. Iced Coffee check! Tofu Vegetable soup check! Number 62 - Tofu spring rolls check! I love the atmosphere and feel of this place. It is as if I am an old friend who leaves for awhile only to come back as if I never left. The food is fresh, tasty and consistently good. You must try some version of the spring rolls and you will see why I come back to this place time and time again. You don't know what you want no problem! Someone will suggest something for you. If you know what you do not want no problem! Something will be recommend and I guarantee it will not be a mistake. The best part is the peanut cookies, fortune cookies, and tamarind candies at the end of the meal. I have actually tried to bribe the hostess where she gets the cookies from but no such luck. I guess I need to keep going back to keep my cookie addiction under control. I give this place 5 stars because their service, spring rolls and vegetarian dishes are awesome.
4	Let the manager pick your dishes if you are a big group and you won't leave hungry or disappointed.  Perfect combination of flavors in every dish. Spiciness spot on with request. Quick and friendly service. Loved the tofu and garlic sauce dish. Go early.
4	I think you've gotten to know Lang Van from the other reviews. To sum up: owner with freakishly amazing memory, clean, casual, giant menu, eager service.  Scared of Vietnamese? don't be. I was inspired to write this review because I found a new menu item today that knocked my socks off. I always liked everything fine I had at Lang Van for the past several years, but nothing that was absolutely crave-worthy except the cool make-your-own-summer-rolls with shrimp and a pile of fresh herbs they grow themselves. At $17, it better be good. For some reason I really prefer it to Ben Thanh which to me feels dirty and a little greasy.The steamer, hot pots and ginger stir frys are fine, but branch out a little more. The pancake is pretty good, but not up to the standards I was used to. But the piece de resistance? Lemongrass Curry Beef. When I tasted it, I felt like I had been waiting for it my whole life (well at least 18 years since the last love affair with lemongrass).  I had previously gotten #100 on the menu which is just plain lemongrass and it wasn't as flavorful as I wanted. The extra little curry in #136 gave it a kick and sweetness that was perfecto!! Can't wait to eat leftovers for dinner!  5/5 definitely. The lovely peanut cookies at the end are fun too. It's a longtime family favorite, but now it's earned it's spot as a favorite.
5	Delicious food, incredibly attentive service, great dinner option. Every time I've been (for dine in or to-go), the food has come out quickly, and they bring you whatever you need.  The tofu with garlic sauce is life changing, and the coconut curry dish (#45?) is amazing.  Don't let the huge menu intimidate you - if you aren't sure what you want to eat, the woman who runs the place can whip up something (just tell her what you like: chicken, beef, veggies, etc.).  And the little peanut butter cookies with the check are the perfect finish to the meal.
4	I'll be honest; probably would not have tried out Lang Van on my own if it hadn't been from the great reviews I'd heard from the group of ladies with whom I went to the restaurant last night. Am working to branch out my taste buds, and this was the perfect opportunity. To start, the service was absolutely amazing. Our server apparently has a freakishly good memory as she remembered those in our group who had been there before, and in some cases, even what they ordered! Our beverages were refilled constantly and it took very little time for our food to come out after ordering off of the ridiculously large menu.Of course a couple of us decided to customize our orders, so I had the lemongrass chicken vermacelli. It was fantastic - so many different flavors and semi-healthy with a ton of veggies. For appetizers we had the summer shrimp rolls and the temple tofu rolls; both were very good. And speaking of tofu, I have never been a big fan - something about the texture and overall squishiness of it, but Lang Van has made me a convert. I tried my friend's tofu with garlic sauce and it was out-of-this-world. Not sure I'll try tofu outside of Lang Van, but would definitely order it here again on my next trip. And the coconut curry dish that I tried had melt-in-your-mouth potatoes with exquisite flavor. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and there is plenty of parking, although I was surprised at how busy it was for a Tuesday night. And if you can't decide what to order, tell the server what you like and she'll custom make a dish for you that you'll love. The meal ends with delicious bite-sized peanut butter cookies that puts a perfect sweet ending to a great dining experience.
5	For Vietnamese in Charlotte, Lang Van's is only one of two places that give you all the variety that IS Vietnamese cuisine.  From noodle soups, to stir-fries, pancakes and curries-they have them ALL!  Tremendous variety of tofu and complete vegetarian options.  All quickly and with a smile.  Oh, and if your water glass ever goes dry, then head for the hills because the sky is about to fall.  Beware that at dinner on the weekends will probably constitute a wait between 8-9pm (if not a little earlier).  Well worth it, though.
4	Helpful Hints: -Don't judge a restaurant by its location-Shamrock and Eastway is an unlikely spot for an exceptional restaurant, but its not impossible. -If you don't understand the menu (and not every dish is explained in English), just ask.  -Though the staff seems hurried, they will take time to explain the differences between the dishes.  -The owner might seem gruff, but she's really a nice lady.-If you wanna impress your date with exotic food, Lang Van is a safe bet.  They cater to to an American clientele and speak English well.   -You can trust a four-star review of a Vietnamese restaurant from someone whose gets regular cravings for un-sexy foods like grilled hamburgers and homemade onion rings.
3	I stopped by Lang Van on accident while on my way to find another Vietnamese place. When I saw we were about to pass it, I made my friend turn around since I've heard such wonderful things about this place from good ole Yelp! I've been wanting to check this place out before but didn't want to go at it alone since I am GPS-less and not too sure about that area of town. It was crowded for a Wednesday night-people must have came out of the wood works to come here. The restaurant itself is very clean and service was awesome. They gave us just enough time to scan the menu but didn't leave us hanging for them to come back so we could order. And they really care about hydration at Lang Van and I dig that. But sadly, service didn't make or break the whole experience in this scenario ---I just wasn't blown away by this place as I expected to be. The food was good however I ordered a dish with bbq meatballs and ended up getting something else and when my friend tried to order one item, the lady told her that she didn't want that and suggested something else instead. So a bit confused about that whole process but perhaps I could be down for someone else deciding what I am going to get in another situation? It was just odd.
5	It would be easy to drive past and mistake Lang Van for a used car dealer, or to completely avoid the neighborhood that some deem "scary". Seek it out anyway. Experiencing Lang Van is worth stepping out of your comfort zone.Inside, Muzaked Celine Dion and her cohorts tinkle in the speakers of the small dining area. The water glasses never run even the tiniest bit low, thanks to the overeager staff. The cuisine is Vietnamese, and there are over 130 choices on the menu.Curry, coconut cream, lemon grass, onion and sweet potato mixed with chili that provides just enough residual heat to warm your lips makes an amazing Chicken Curry dish. The Vermicelli House Special bowls and Pho (beef soups) are what bring many customers back, as well as the rice paper wrapped Spring and Summer Rolls. Fresh mint, cilantro, crumbled peanuts and julienned carrots garnish many dishes, and the peanut sauce is a welcome addition to main dishes as well as the aforementioned appetizers. Crisp and chewy textures juxtaposed with tangy, sweet and salty flavors is what makes these dishes memorable.Unfamiliar with Vietnamese food? The servers will help you make a decision. If you return a few times, the owner will know your order down to the beverage preference. If you return consistently for ten years or so, she will extricate your children from their car seats, show them off around the restaurant as if they were her own, settle them at a table, and then remember everything your entire party has ever ordered. It is like your Vietnamese mama welcoming you home with all of your favorite foods, and then sending you home with peanut cookies and a full belly.  Lang Van is located at 3019 Shamrock Drive in Charlotte, and can be reached at 704-531-9525.
4	After talking about it for a looonng time a friend of mine finally got me over to try Lang Van and am I glad he did.As soon as we walked in the door he was greeted like an old friend. As he has been a "regular" here for about 5 years. We were seated immediately and she asked if he wanted the regular, he nodded and before I knew it we had some spring rolls, some summer rolls, and a pitcher of iced tea.After scanning the enormous menu, I decided on basic rare beef pho #27. It was incredible! Food was all so fresh, the pho broth was perfect, my water glass never dipped below 3/4 full. I can't wait to get back and try more!
3	And with last night's dinner, my love of LV has lessened a fair bit.Specials prices continue to climb, and at 15 bucks for a pile of soggy spaghetti-like noodles, a weird, sweet, shrimp-tasting sauce, and 6 pieces of tofu... well, it's just too much cash and sadness for a chef-boyardeed Viet classic. No sharp flavors. No texture. Just a limp pile of blech.Banh Xeo - still delish - but smaller, less filling. Detached stuffings, so an already challenging to eat plate becomes annoying.Corners are being cut here, to the detriment of flavor, but it won't impact their mainstay clientele - which love the obsessive-servitude, the "you won't like that, try this" attitude. The service has never been charming to me, and it's just not worth an arm in the face every 3 minutes if the food's not up to par. Which, for moi, it isn't any longer. Ah well. They'll be fine.
3	Oh Lang Van, you disappoint me.  I've been coming to Lang Van pretty faithfully for the last six years, and the food is gradually getting blander and blander.  I tend to go for their vermicelli noodle bowls, because recent experiences with the pho have been kind of mild and watery.  And this last time, the noodles were overly wet, the sauce was sweet and not very complex, and the veggies were a little limp.  If I had to pick a favorite Vietnamese place now it would not be this one.  The ridiculously aggressive service (really?  we just sat down, can we have a minute?  and you do not need to fill a water glass every time the customer takes a sip!) does not help with the experience.  The new parking lot, however, is swanky.
5	World-class vietnamese. Love #49 (basically vietnamese grilled chicken salad) and #61-Curry chicken and #137-Chicken Lemon Grass. Service is higly attentive...I dare you to try and empty your water glass. Nguyen will remember what you ordered on your second visit and can even make you something special if you want to be surprised. Would eat here 3-4 nights a week if it were closer.
4	Affordable, consistently excellent good. Lack of atmosphere is made up by the owner who is constantly on the floor making sure customers are happy. She will even make custom orders to your liking.
5	Excellent service. Fresh delicious food. And relaxing atmosphere. Enough said.
4	Lang Van, I was scared of you but now I want you more than ever!  Thank God I'm dating a genuine foodie and she's introduced me to you.  I can promise you that this affair is far from over and I will back to visit you VERY soon!  Some of the freshest ingredients in Charlotte I've ever had and the most interesting combination of food, yet palette pleasing all the same.  Super friendly service slaps you in the face from the moment you walk in to the minute you're walking back out the door.
4	Even if you don't know what vietnamese food is you have to try Lang Van.  I have been here quite a few times but not in a while and I'm so glad I came back.  I've actually never ordered off the menu until the other night, normally I just tell the friendly waitress what I like and she brings me back something delicious.   I highly recommend the lemongrass curry and steamed shrimp spring rolls delicious.  This restaurant is at the top of my list.  This place is also great if your looking for a quick dinner they can have you in and out in 30 minutes.
5	I come all the way from Raleigh to eat here!  Its the best Vietnamese food I have yet to try! Summer rolls are my fave!
4	I really have no clue about Vietnamese food.  I mean really.  About all I know is that I like it (like it, like it, yes I do).  But I have no idea what goes into it.  Sure, I watch Andrew Zimmern like the next guy, and figure since we are not actually in Vietnam, there probably is not any really odd stuff on the plate in front of me, but what do I really know?  Nothing.Several years ago - by which I could really mean decades - a place I worked took me to Lang Van, which was no mean feat since we were way down on the south side of town.  A quick lunch outing rapidly turned into a couple of hours.  At the time, I really had little to no idea where we were, and it was probably a couple years before I figured out just where this little hole-in-the-wall was located.Once I did, it was a nice surprise, and even more so when I figured out that the menu was mostly for show unless you really knew what you wanted.  Since I have no idea, it is almost always better just to talk to the server.  The problem there is that it can be completely hit or miss.  Not the food, but the server.  Sometimes they seem to speak very well and understand you well.  Other times, not so much.  The good news is that the food will generally be solid all around.While the neighborhood is not the best, the parking lot is on the small side, and the communication can be iffy, it is definitely worth a trip.  Just skip that menu - more than once we have actually spotted something (for instance, the elusive banh mi), only to be told it is not available.  Check that at the door and you should be just fine.
5	I've been coming here as long as I can remember; at least 10 years. The best service ever. I can go to a restaurant that charges three times as much, and invariably leave thinking that I would have received better service at Lang Van. As previous reviews on here state, they remember every dish you have ordered, and are genuinely happy to see you. Or they're just darn good actors. But so many other places don't bother to put out that kind of effort.Sure, Pho Hoa has better pho, and nothing compares to the profuse amount of tendon that is in Vietnam Grilles tendon pho.  While I do wish they would give you lime instead of lemon, I don't really come here for the pho; but do order it when it's cold. Having said that this past visit the pho was much better than usual, with a roasted onion flavor that I really enjoyed. The soup arrived quickly and hit the spot.The best dish they have is the lotus root salad; it is the perfect summer dish. Roasted pork and shrimp served on top of some kind of puffy rice cracker thing, with lots of crunchy lotus root. The rice cracker things are light and crispy; the perfect amount of food; you don't leave feeling like you have overdosed on carbs.Here's to another 10 years!
5	That whole thing where sometimes you want to go where everyone knows your name.  Where here, they know your order.  Though I want to hide my glass sometimes since the wait staff will refill if you just think about taking a sip, I do love that I can just walk in, get greeted and she knows what I want already.  Just a simple same thing she asks and I nod yes.The country soup is amazing.
5	By far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant, friendly staff and quick service.They have the best Vegetarian spring  rolls in town, loaded with lemongrass.
5	Such a great experience! Everyone is so nice and welcoming. My husband and I LOVED the food... very reasonably priced too. Can't wait to go back!
5	Definitely a great experience. The staff is very attentive and the food was amazing!!!!  I went with a group of friends and they treated us like royalty". The waitress was excellent with her suggestions of what to have and the chefs prepared us a great dish with an explosion of favors!  I found my new favorite place!!!  Go with a great group of friends and expect a great vibe and even better dinner!
4	Was in the mood for Vietnamese food, read the good reviews from other yelpers.Had the summer rolls with shrimp.  It was best I ever had.  Next was the curry with sweet potato curry sauce in coconut cream wih lemon grass, chili, white onion served with  steamed rice.  DELICIOUS ! again .  Service was very good !  Must add this to my favorite restaurants !
1	Only went here once, years ago. Everything is mediocre. For yummi Vietnamese, chech out Pho Real and/or Ben Thanh!!
5	Like many others my wife and I have been coming here for many years, she says 10 years but it's closer to 15 or 16 now. All the stories you hear about the owner being able to remember you and your favorite dish, all true. Some say there are other Vietnamese restaurants in town that are better , well I've tried a few of them and while one may do 1 item different or better on any given day, we are truly lucky to have as many good ones as we do. Lang Van is and will remain my favorite, followed closely by Vietnam Grille. I mean, who could resist the service here, it really is that good. The owner and staff are always happy to see you , sure beats what I have seen at other places. Did I mention the food is really good as well. Over the years on 1 or 2 occasions I though the pho may have been a little salty, but that is a personal judgement, and it has happened so rarely it is hard to fault this great little restaurant. I hope they are here another 15 years from now.
4	Their com tam isn't bad, the portion seems not as large as some places but in reality is more than enough food. Their imperial rolls are probably the best in town too and aren't just frozen lumpia that are rebranded.My girlfriend's canh cua wasn't as sour or salty as she likes it but as someone who normally feels like it's too sour and too salty I thought it was pretty tasty.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. Given the location (Shamrock and Eastway), it would be easy to completely bypass or disregard this place. But in my opinion, it's one of the Queen City's gems.I usually get my order to go, but it's always a real treat when I do get to eat there. The staff is friendly. The service is top notch. Don't know what you want? Tell your server what you like. He/she will help you order. If you're even a semi regular, they remember what you want... even down to the beverage. And I can promise you that your drink will never go empty. Someone is always there ready to fill your glass... sometimes after your first sip!I love pho, or as I call it comfort in a bowl. My standard order is Pho Bo Vien (rice noodle soup with meatballs), spring rolls, and fresh summer rolls. Now you see why I often opt to pick it up... so no one can judge me on the amount of food I consume.Lang Van is great place for those engaged in a mad, passionate love affair with Vietnamese food and also for the newbies. If you're a little weary about giving Vietnamese a try... don't be!
3	summer rolls great, rare pho beef not sliced thin so thats the only problem i have, broth is good, a little oily
5	I've had Vietnamese in DC and Los Angeles, and this was definitely the best I've experienced anywhere. The restaurant was recommended by New Yorkers who moved to Charlotte, and they claimed it was better than any they experienced in NYC. It was that good. Though the outside of the restaurant and the hoodlums running around the neighborhood are not too inviting, the inside of the restaurant and the furnishings were clean, attractive and comfortable. The presentation of the food is excellent. The service is outstanding -- friendly employees, attentive servers, and great recommendations. The wine list is not large, but it had sufficient options. The menu of entrees was extensive. I chose the Summer Rolls with peanut sauce, and they were refreshing and fresh. I am so happy that I chose the Vermicilli (#45) rather than the Pho -- the grilled meats and vegetables were delectable and fresh. I have no idea what the peanut butter cookies were that the server brought at the end of the meal, but they were the perfect and tasty ending to a perfect dinner. Kudos to this restaurant for being one of the nation's best Vietnamese restaurants right here in Charlotte.
5	Love this place. The portions are big and the Vietnamese food is great.  One thing to note though, they do charge you for extra rice.  So if you split meals you will want to get your own rice because you only get a small bowl-- so just make sure to ask how much it is (I dont remember).Great food though!
3	The food here tasted great, we had the fried spring rolls & Nem Nuong #1 & #3 on the menu they were both good but the Nem Nuong was a little dry. My bf had Pho Dac Biet with tripe added and I had Hu Tieu Hai San, both of us fully enjoyed the broth but the amount of meat/seafood was a bit lacking. Also if you have a small child it should be noted that there is no changing table in the bathroom. And no free refills of soda. Next  time we will just go to Pho real where we get super full and can have more than one glass of soda.
5	Very good Vietnamese food! Seems very healthy too.They have great spring rolls that you can either order pre-made or make them yourself.They are very keen on refilling your water too.
5	This has been the best go to place for years! The lady that owns the place (I think her name is NO?) has an unreal ability to remember every guest and what they prefer to order. She is always there to greet us with a smile and a hug and has food on our table before we can sit down.By far the BEST spring and summer rolls in the city. And the #45 is my constant go to. Highly recommend!!
5	Lemongrass Curry with Beef (or Chicken) is my Favorite Dish here (as good as Ben Thanh)!  This is a light Stir-fried Dish with Fantastic Flavor and one of only two that I have eaten that are this FINE and SUPERB!  Can be made kind of Mild!Jasmine Tea here is Fantastic!  Vietnamese Iced Coffee finishes brewing at you table on to Sweetened Condensed Milk as you would expect in a Vietnamese restaurant!The Fresh Rolls are Excellent and the "Peanut" Sauce is Hoison Sauce with a little bit of Copped peanuts, like most Vietnamese Restaurants!  You can get a Sweet and Sour "Fish" Sauce if you do not care for the so called "peanut" sauce!The Service is ATTENTIVE! !!  If service is going to be extreme I would prefer too much over too little!  To me the Service is Excellent here! If I'm Craving Lemongrass Curry with Beef or Chicken on a Wednesday or when my main squeeze for most Vietnamese food is on Vacation 10 days every July, I'm heading to Lang Van!Remember Lemongrass Curry is a "Gateway" Curry so Watch it!  EAT it and see what happens!
5	What's not to love? The staff is crazy friendly & attentive. Hugs are exchanged with regulars, which is as sweet as it gets. The pho is classic - a richly flavored broth, heavy on star anise, and noodles that don't gum up or clump. It's usually busy - a great sign - but the wait is never long. Clean & cozy inside with a great vibe.
5	This has been a favorite for 13 years or more.  I have tried a lot of the menu items and have never been disappointed, but my favorite remains the make-your-own spring rolls.  A close second is the vegetable hotpot, and my children love (like squeal-out-loud love) the fried pineapple rice-- it arrives in a pineapple boat and it is delicious.First off-- you do not come here for atmosphere.  They have gussied the place up a bit with some fake bamboo and updated posters on the walls.  The fact that you can see a run down laundromat and a car inspeciton station that may or may not be boarded up should not deter you from this spot.  Do come for the hot tea, the service, and the food.  It is outstanding.  Although, the rumor is the "original" Lang Van owners are now the owners of Ben Thanh (which might explain my love affair with that restaurant).  The staff is so helpful and knowledgable in assisting with food selections.  We have taken several people here for their first visit and our waitperson has always helped make selections that were enjoyed by our guests!The food is plentiful.  You will not leave here hungry!  Flat noodles, hot pots and spring rolls are our favorites (and the aforementioned fried pineapple).  We also love the little cookies that come with the check... perfectly sweet but do have peanuts.--This is a FUN place to bring a small group of people (6ish) to sit around a round table and share food.----This is a great restaurant for children to experience delicious and healthy food.  The servers dote on well-behaved children here.--
5	I love that the owner remembers her customers and what they have had and liked in the past. The food is really good. I have enjoyed a variety of dishes here.
4	Remembering my most recent trip to Lang Van, it was odd that my water glass actually sat half empty for more than a few minutes, but it's nothing to complain about, just an anomaly in the service that usually is lang van (if you haven't realized this from all the other reviews)I am almost always happy with what I order, though the few times they've tried to steer me away from a dish, I wish I would have listened. The first time I tried to order the banh xeo they tried to discourage me, even after I told them I've consumed it many times before, and when it arrived I knew why - slightly sub-par. Of course it was still delicious, but not the best in town. (lots and lots of pancakeness... not a lot of filling.) The second was the rice crepes (banh cuon), again with them asking if I was really sure, and then upon receiving the dish again feeling like I ordered something they really hate to make. As far as everything else goes - I love it. Flavorful meats, good buns and phos, nice curries, anything they recommend is fantastic, and the service is great (even better if you have a baby at the table) - I just wish I wasn't slightly limited. Overall: fast, friendly, tasty Vietnamese. (but if you're looking for a great banh xeo - try ben thanh!)
4	Lang Van is a jewel. The staff is terrific and make you feel at home. I usually order spring rolls for an appetizer and #104 for an entree. The entree is an amalgam of chicken, shrimp, veggies, and noodles doused, by me, with a healthy squirt of Sriracha sauce. Sure, the outside looks run-down and the inside is kitschy, but you don't go there for the decor, you go for the delicious food.
5	Out of the many Vietnamese restaurants I've had in North Carolina, this is by far my favorite. They offer an expansive menu of fresh authentic dishes for a reasonable price...including the tastiest pho! Great service and delicious food. You just can't go wrong here.
5	My mom lives near this restaurant and takes us every time we visit. She's a regular there and is treated like royalty from the time she walks in the door, and as her guests we are, too! My mom never orders, she just says "bring me something good", and it happens. I have some weird dietary issues so I told our waitress (who is one of the owners, I think??) , pointed to something on the menu that was close to what I wanted, and asked if she could have it modified for me. She replied "no problem, I bring for you!!" and what she brought out was A-MAZ-ING. I was so happy with my meal. We all loved it so much we went there twice during our last visit, which was only 4 days long. It feels like going over to a relative's house for dinner... a relative who can cook really, really good food!
4	A co-worker and I went to lunch at Lang Van yesterday and really enjoyed the total experience. The service is exceptionally friendly and it seems to be a popular spot. The restaurant itself was clean and a bit nicer than I expected for that neighborhood. Our food was very quickly prepared so it also makes an ideal lunch spot .I was disappointed to hear that they no longer serve banh mi's and  our server told us the menu was very old and insinuated it wasn't reliable, it made me question why they had menus at all.. perhaps it's time for an update. We ordered the spring rolls with shrimp, and I loved the sauce but I'm actually curious to try the fried ones next time too, although these were very light and would make for a great summer dish. I ended up going with the lemongrass curry dish as Lauryn recommended and it was quite good. Next time I will ask for that with veggies instead of the bed of lettuce. My friend just told the lady she like chicken and was up for anything and she had a nice chicken and veggie dish with noodles that was also really tasty. I will say it would be nice to know exactly what you're ordering so that you can get it again if you enjoy it. The average dish is about $11, which isn't the cheapest lunch but it is a lot of food and very fresh. Overall I will definitely be back !
5	My family has been going to Lang Van for over 10 years. The owner is one of the nicest people I have ever met, and I have no idea how she remembers everyone's name and favorite dish. We have tried a lot of the different dishes on the menu, from Pho, Curry, Yellow Pancakes, to the Hot Pot and we have never been disappointed. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	this is the best vietnamese restaurant in town! despite the neighborhood where its located i would definetely go there whenever im craving good food! The Pho is VERY GOOD and my favorite appetizer (not sure what its called) but they bring you a plate full of herbs and grilled (sort of) chicken kebab. You can put this inside some rice "asian tortillas"  (lol) that you deep into water to make them softer.. its amazing!
5	Lang Van is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte, hands down.The location itself is small and not in the most appealing location, but don't let that fool you. The front lot is super small, but there's more parking in the back. The seating is really tight, but I never feel cramped. The interior is simple and square, but spruced up with stitched maps of Vietnam on the tables and bamboo shoots around the perimeter. The service here is incredible. It's always packed, but the staff make sure to recognize and greet you as soon as you enter. There's never that many employees it seems, but they are buzzing like bees around to make sure everything is perfect. The thing that blows my mind is that my glass of ice water is never empty. As soon as I take a sip, it seems someone is there to replenish. YES!Appetizer-wise, make sure you try the TEMPLE ROLLS. These little guys are made in heaven. They are a simple clear rice paper roll filled with super crispy tofu, lettuce, mint, and bean sprouts. What makes them special is the PEANUT SAUCE. Dear lord I could consume buckets of this nectar.The menu is huge and has almost any Vietnamese dish you can think of and it's SUPER VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY. There's so much I wanna try but I usually get one of these 4 dishes:Bean Curd with Lemongrass (#69): big chunks of super crispy tofu, covered in lemon grass. On top of a bed of steamed vermicelli, green leaf lettuce, bean sprouts, mint, and cucumber. This all comes with a ramekin of light sweet and sour sauce to pour over top of everything.Tofu with Garlic Sauce (#70): This is almost just like the bowl above, but the tofu is stir-fried instead, and instead of lemongrass and sweet and sour, there's a garlic sauce.House Special Hot Pot: LOVE. This is definitely the most filling of my favorites. The top layer is fried tofu, broccoli, cauliflour, carrots, celery, and onion. Underneath is a rice cooked with a tomato sauce... it's thick and sticky and hearty and the perfect compliment to the veggies.Pineapple Fried Rice: This dish is pretty simple. It's a basic fried rice with tofu, pineapple, onion, egg, broccoli, cauliflower, carrot, and celery. The kicker is that it's served in an actually pineapple half/bowl.... so cool! Your check comes with a couple packaged candies (which I do NOT like) and a couple peanut butter cookie biscuits. These little peanut bundles are DELISH, do not pass them up. When I was here last week, the owner gave my boyfriend and I a whole jar of them as a new years gift. Surely, they weren't giving them out to everyone where they? Either way, this was so so kind and generous... I LOVE YOU LANG VAN.Edit/Update: I was recently introduced to the Vietnamese Iced Coffee at Lang Van. Delicious! They bring it a tall skinny glass out which has chilled sweet condensed milk at the bottom. At the top is a small device like a mini Vietnamese French Press. The super strong coffee drips down into the chilled milk. When finished, you stir it up and pour over your second tall glass of ice.I'm coming here more often for lunch to get my caffeine fix. Yet another reason I love you, LV.
5	Location is not in the best neighborhood. Other than that this restaurant has delicious food and a friendly staff. Great Vietnamese food!
5	How in the ever-loving, joyous world of immeasurably delectable Vietnamese cuisine have I not reviewed Lang Van until this day?!?! Upon my visit last night, I was astonished at my lack of review. Well, as they say, better late than never.I've been a patron of Lang Van for years and have never had an experience where the food, service, and company have not been unique, memorable and utterly satisfying. The owner(?) or manager is one of the friendliest people in all of the Queen City. Regardless if you visited this week, late 2012, or even 5 years ago, she'll remember your face. She'll come up to you and give you a hug, welcome you, ask how your family is, and then hastily launch into bringing you a menagerie of Vietnamese foodstuffs. The menu, which is not for the faint of heart, houses an abundance of options. I used to order anything with coconut curry or just the simple Pho, but the owner (I really need to remember her name!) simply asks me what I'm in the mood for, proceeds to list options -- "What do you like? What do you want? Do you like crispy tofu? Do you like noodles? Coconut Curry? Vegetables? Meat or no meat?.....Ok, I'll bring you something nice." --------- THAT is why Lang Van is an incredible experience every single time. Not even seeing a menu anymore is a dream come true. Recently, I was introduced to Vietnamese coffee. Check out my photo or some of the others. It's an experience to be had. Condensed milk, a small urn of drip coffee...strong coffee above a tall glass with ice. Truly amazing. Lang Van is a staple in Charlotte's Vietnamese dining scene...nay. Overall. If you're even close to the line of wanting to try Vietnamese cuisine, start here.
4	I've been told this is the best Vietnamese in Charlotte, and it's true! The restaurant is small and while waiting in line you can see all of the guests eating.  You aren't allowed to put your name on a list, you just wait in line.  The food is worth the wait though!They will make anything you like; I wanted pho with shrimp = delicious!  The Vietnamese iced tea was also delicious...and I don't like tea!The service was excellent...our glasses were constantly filled!Highly recommended!
5	There is a reason why they have such great scores from everyone, THEY ARE GREAT! I don't go there more because I'd be broke. The food is somewhat pricey, specially if you go for lunch, but it is well worth it.Fresh ingredients and great taste. I havent had anything that I didn't like. Sometimes if you dont know what to order the waiter orders for you - trust them! they always bring you something tasty! (try the pineapple fried rice)The coffee is great too!A must go place in Charlotte!
4	I'm on the edge of giving Lang Van a fifth star - they're that good, but I hesitated and have decided to go the conservative route.The food here is EXCELLENT!  We moved to Charlotte from San Francisco this year and we were lamenting finding good Asian food here.  The jury is still out on good Chinese food.  However for Vietnamese, there's no question - Lang Van is by far the best I've had.Their menu is full of diverse and authentic choices.  They use great fresh ingredients.  Service at Lang Van is very friendly and helpful.We will make this a regular spot on our dining out roster!
3	Three and a half stars.Now we only ate here once, the food was really good and the service was great. We discussed our experience after the meal and honestly we have been more impressed with Doan and Ben Thanh so no I would NOT rate Lang Van the best hands down yada yada.But this was only one single meal and the cooking was certainly tasty enough to be in the ballpark (if not in the lead). I wouldn't lose sleep over which one is "the best" in this case.  If you like Vietnamese then you'll enjoy dining at any of those three restaurants, we do.
5	Lang Van has one of the largest menus I've seen in a while. Along with daily specials, there's something for everyone. I had the asparagus dish. Can't remember the name or number but I can remember how it tasted...THE BOMB! It had asparagus, snow peas, onions and zucchini. I added shrimp. I ate it all!!! If I could re-create that sauce at home, I'd be set for life lol. My lunch guest had the sauteed spinach special. It was sauteed spinach and a skewer of shrimp. Didn't seem like much for $14, but she enjoyed it :) Can't wait to get back. So far it's no.1 on my Vietnamese list!
5	When I was a student at UNCC we used to come here for a great meal over 15 years ago.  We went back last weekend with my wife and kids to share the experience and everything is thankfully still the same!Do not let the appearance of the exterior deter you.  The food is incredible and am looking for an excuse to visit Charlotte again so I can get my Lang Van Vietnamese 'fix' again!
5	#103 is unbelievable!! Sub mix veggies for the choy sum. Lang Van is the best!  Service is awesome.  Staff is beyond friendly and if you dont know what you want just tell them what you like and they will tell you what dish.  It is awesome.  My mom went with her book club and they had no clue what to get.  The staff brought them an appetizer, then brought them three entrees to share.  They all loved it. DO NOT LET THE LOCATION FOOL YOU!!!
1	Very bad service. We basically got ignored all the time. They obviously are busy serving the guest they think are important. I am so surprised this place got such high ratings. The food is only so-so and expensive for its taste. Won't come again.
3	We went to Lang Van on our first night in Charlotte.  It was decent, but not much more.  When Im trying a Vietnamese restaurant out of town, my first instinct is to scan the menu for a short list of exoticisms, barring those precious few cant misses, like the elusive Bun Bo Hue and Com Tam Bai Mo, I like to perform an apples to apples comparison, usually starting with the staples of Pho and Summer Rolls.  Neither of these were particularly noteworthy.  There was nothing wrong with either, they just were kind of bland.  I didnt sense any additional restaurant specific taste modifications to the Pho, which I love by the way.  It was just a decent straight down the middle bowl.  Same for the summer rolls.  I was torn between giving this place a 2 or a 3, its really a 2.5  If I was hungry and I happened to by driving right by it, I would not hesitate to pull in and grab a bowl of Pho, I just wouldn't drive across town for it.  If you're on the hunt for a destination Vietnamese meal, go to Ben Thanh.
5	Everytime I come to this place I always tell myself I am going to just tell them a number and go from there. I always end up getting some kind of roll from the appetizer section and usually phu. It is an amazing place though a little hard to find.
4	Food is quite yummy and authentic! Not the best ambiance or location. And I am personally not a fan of the waitstaff. Mostly because most of them speak minimal english, so in my experience when I've asked for something, the answer tends to just be no. *blank stare* Sometimes, I think its just the word they know. Buuut, besides that, the food is great. You will definitely get authentic foodie experience. Good place to try....it can be quite addictive too! lol
1	We were in the area for Carolina Rebellion, and being that I'm homesick and missing my mom's cooking I searched for a vietnamese restuarant to go to.  I should have turned around and left the restuarant when I walked in and was greeted by Vietnamese people dressed up in uniforms and acting all friendly.  I know there is nothing wrong with friendly service, but this restuarant is geared more to white people, and they charge you out the behind for the amount of food that you are getting.  This might be the fact that we are in the "south" and there isn't a large Vietnamese population in NC.  If you are in Seattle, San Diego, or Boston, a small bowl is probably $5-6 and a large is $7-8 or so.  When you first come in they'll seat you and come back in like 5 minutes or so and ask you if you want appetizers.  Ordered Bo Bia spring rolls for apps, cause I haven't had them in a while. They are good.I ordered the Banh Canh Cua, and the waiter tried to suggest that I order something else, because he didn't think I knew what I was ordering.  I stuck with what I wanted, and the food came out in a huge bowl which barely had any food and lots of broth.  This dish is suppossed to have long strands of thick white noodles (about 6 inches in length), and I got 1/2 inch strands of noodles that looked like they were meant for a little kid who couldn't use chopsticks to eat.  OH  and Cua is crab, and guess what I got instead, imitation crab.  For $8.95, I pretty much got a kids portion of food. The husband ordered the a pho dac biet, and they bring out a pho with only slices of beef and charged him $9.95 or so for a kids size amount of noodles and beef with tons of broth, which should have come out with meatballs, tendons, and bunch of other stuff.  The broth was good, but it was salty.  I love salt, but if you have their broth, plan to be really thirsty later on.  Don't get me wrong, their food taste authentic, its just they have taken short cuts on quality and portion size to the American Clientel that they have visiting the establishment.  They time we were there, the only people I saw was white.  Atmosphere, its kind of weird that they partioned the dining room in to two sections by bamboo divinding thingys.  You are seated in these green booths, and if you are above average size i think they have tables and chairs.  The restuarant was kinda dark and dingy in my opinion, and they have vietnamese style music playing in the background. I think that Durham has better Vietnamese food in NC.  The price is about the same in Durham, but the quality and amount of food that you get is what you are paying for.  Side question: why are you being offered a fortune cookie, tamrand candy, and sesame cookie at the end of the meal?  I didn't know I was eating at a chinese restuarant.
4	After my second time at Lang Van, I find myself to be a huge fan. Not only of just the food, but also the service. Our second visit was on Mother's Day. I happened to be in the area to visit a job site and even though we had already ate lunch we decided to stop in and get their awesome spring rolls.When we arrived there was a wait. Lots of families were there for Mother's day. I never knew that Vietnamese food was so popular with families...rightfully so but who knew. I had never went to a Vietnamese restaurant with my parents. Shame on you mom and dad... Well back to the review, so since we had already ate and did not feel like waiting we decided to leave. We walked around the building to go to the back parking lot and the manager ran out yelling for us to stop and said she would get us a table in a few minutes. I found that to be an amazing gesture and showed that she cared about her customer's. Because of that we decided to go back in. Sure enough we were seated in five minutes. We ordered our spring rolls and could not resist ordering a bowl of Pho. They were both amazing. One of my best restaurant experiences of all time!
5	Favorite Vietnamese in town.  Best thing to do is just ask the waitresses what to order, and they'll steer you right.
4	All the years I've been in Charlotte and even at one point lived not far from this place......I never knew Lang Van was there. and not quite sure how I missed it.  After visiting Ben Thanh a few times I wanted to give it try.  I like the pho at Ben Thanh better but the vermicelli dishes and service here are simply superb......It took me forever to decide what to order and my waitress was so patient and sweet and even suggested a few items but of course I wanted a sample everything on the menu.  My new Vietnamese fav at the moment.....
4	This place is usally packed with family or friends, but I have been fortunate to have never had to wait. I love the vegetarian options. My favorite is the tofu and asparagus. Wait, anything with flat noodles. Oh and how can I forget the curry bowls. Don't judge me it is a 9 page menu, which can be overwhelming. I am excited to keep trying more options as I continue to live here in Charlotte. I will take my mom next month when she visits so I will update my review then. She is going to love it. Everyone else that has came with me enjoys it. Lang Van makes me happy to live in Charlotte.
4	I've never had a bad meal at Lang Van. In fact, every time I go, I'm amazed by the authenticity of the food and the quality of the service. The owner will remember you after one visit so be prepared to have her greet you at the door. The entire staff is extremely friendly and attentive. The lemongrass tofu is my favorite meal but I usually let the owner suggest a meal, which never fails. Don't let the exterior or location scare you off. It's definitely not pretty inside or outside, but it's very clean. If you love authentic Vietnamese, it's worth sacrificing ambiance.
5	Don't let the exterior or surroundings fool you: this place is AMAZING! Not only is the food authentic, delicious and unique, but the service is excellent. During my first visit I barely knew what half of the menu was. Our server patiently explained dishes to me, helped me navigate my way towards vegetarian-friendly menu items, and regularly checked on us to make sure we were enjoying our food. Do not hesitate to ask for help or advice with the menu. They are wonderfully understanding and patient!The "House Special Hot Pot" is a great veggie dish, as is the "Sweet Potato Curry". For an awesome veggie appetizer, try the "Summer Rolls" with  peanut sauce. So good!If you are thinking about eating here, DO IT! You will not be disappointed.
5	So I just tried Lang Van last night for the first time after hearing rave reviews from so many people and I was absolutely floored by the taste explosion in my mouth.  The complexity of flavors and the perfect combination of ingredients makes for an experience that far surpasses any expectations I had.  The portion sizes are perfect-not too big and not too small, the service was superb and the special dessert treat at the end by far beat the fortune cookie you usually get. ( but don't worry, if you love fortune cookies, you get one of those too!) When is it too soon to go back???
4	This was my first time. The menu is a little overwhelming but with a little help from the server, you can get through it. This place is really a hidden gem. Seemed to be a lot of regulars. As everyone says, don't let the location throw you. Can't wait to explore digger deeper into the menu!
5	I'm not very adventurous when it comes to food, so, I had chicken/vegetables IN a pineapple.....it ruled so hard.
5	Oh My God. This was great. The only other place I've ever eaten Vietnamese food is the Slanted Door in San Francisco (another 'Oh My God') so I wouldn't have a clue about authenticity yada yada, but we told the waiter  a little about what we like and let him pick dishes for us. The food was sublime. Subtle, unusual, perfectly cooked. The service was friendly and fast. Highly recommended.
1	Maybe I went on a bad day or I'm being overly critical, but the service was horrible. The pho was also horrible. Pho is pho. The noodles, meat and vegetables are the same everywhere you go. The only way you tell if the pho is good is through the broth. The pho here was translucent and tasteless even with all the MSG they put in there to mask their laziness. But yeah, sure. If you're an elderly white couple, then they will scream hello and thank you. I guess that means good service.
5	EVERYTHING on the menu is phenomenal!This is the kind of place where you quickly become a regular. The family that runs the restaurant is super friendly and great with faces and names.Try the coffee with condensed milk...it's dreamy and the perfect way to end a fantastic meal!
5	Best Pho I have been able to find in Charlotte. Very traditional, super tasty. The exterior is pretty ghetto but they've done a good job transforming the interior to be more inviting. Portions are exceptionally big, most times it'll be two meals for me. Wait staff is usually attentive and fast. Occasionally there will be a small language barrier if you want something explained on the menu. But hey, it's a traditional joint, what do you expect!? Highly recommend it.
4	Like alot of Vietnamese restaurants in North Carolina, this one is a bit off the beaten path (at least from the parts of Charlotte I usually go to). But unlike alot of those same Vietnamese restaurants, the interior of this one (tables, floors, chairs, bathrooms) is immaculate. Also, the level and friendliness of service is higher here than most Vietnamese restaurants. I could not help but notice the number of people the hostess (owner?) knew and welcomed back. Repeat business is one of the best endorsements a restaurant can get.In terms of the food, it was on par with other Vietnamese restaurants I have been to. We ordered the hot pot and a vermicelli bowl. Both solid dishes. Would go again.
5	The food is all good but the lemon grass chicken is to die for. The service is friendly, quick and helpful. The soups are wonderful. This is the best Vietnamese food I have found.
5	I really wish I had stopped by sooner! I've been here twice and neither time was disappointing. The second time I came I ordered Banh Xeo pancakes with tofu - with it (as you can see from my picture) come lots of fresh vegetables and mint to wrap it in. The avocado smoothie I ordered was great too - not sweet which I like. The service is superb - I came with a friend who is a long time customer and essentially told the owner to "surprise him" which she did. The personable atmosphere along with the A-1 food make this a must-eat destination for Vietnamese in Charlotte.
4	Best tofu I have ever had! I was a vegetarian for 10 years. I would still be if I had been eating this tofu. Curry is yum. Spring rolls are excellent and the service was phenomenal! My group had a wonderful time and we definitely plan on coming back!
3	We ate our last meal in Charlotte for our Christmas vacation here.  The place was decorated really festively for the holidays.  The ambiance was warm, welcoming, and vibrant.  It was really busy during lunch time, and the tables were turning over rapidly.  Despite crowd, we were greeted immediately after walking through the door and seated pretty quickly.Hubby and brother split the spring rolls as an appetizer.  They were nice enough to cut the 2 rolls into 4 pieces for the table, but my mom and I decided to wait for our dishes.  Our server didn't even need to write down our orders.  Hubby and I started with the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk.  The ratio of milk to coffee was a little too much.  I guess I could have not mixed the entire thing together.I had the vermicelli noodles with the shrimp on sugar cane and imperial rolls (fried pork rolls) which was delicious.  The portion was just right and I devoured the entire thing.  Mom had a different noodle dish which had all the sauce already mixed, which was a little surprising.  It was almost more an Americanized version of beef and broccoli.  Looking around, it was definitely a place that catered to non-Asian customers..it had to be being in the heart of Charlotte!  Both Hubby and brother had different versions of the beef pho.  The broth was flavorful.  The meal was a nice, healthier way to end our week long holiday vacation.
1	I was at the place on 1/4/14, with my family for the first time and last time; unfortunately disagree with others good comments posted recently. Two reasons why I will not return at Lang Van. First, is because we ordered Pho soup and was really salty. Second, the owner herself was very rude once I mentioned that I had a gifly card giving by my son for christmas, which I intented to use to pay, but she said to me '' we don't take that '' and continue saying that while I was explaining how it works!!She not even tried to work with me in any moment. Please, if you decide to visit this place, don't use any type of  Gift Card, 'cause the owner seems to be ignorant or perhaps smart in order to get cash only.!!!Also, I will recomend you guys try the one on South Blvd, Saigon Palace, which is a very clean, nice and tasty food. My favorite is Pho!!!!!
2	Asked for pho dac biet but they left out the tendon and tripe. Make sure they don't leave it out for you.
2	The special Pho is not really special. Even when we asked for the right combination for the four of us, they brought out two small bowls that can only feed two of us.
2	Overall had a good lunch experience , just one suggestion ... More meat...more meat!Customer service was great!Pho Dac Biet reviewPros-broth smells good, tastes pretty goodCons-Literally had no Tripe and no tendons!-a bit pricey for the amount of noodles and meat
3	LAAAAAME.They looked a little annoyed that we came in at 9, even though they close at 10. $5.60 for a pot of tea for 4. $46.32 total for 3 bowls of hu tieu, and an order of spring rolls. 2 of us ordered the "house special" (dac biet), but our three bowls looked exactly the same. Think, 70% soup, 25% noodles, and 5% meat. I've attached a picture of my bowl upon arrival for reference. Pass this place, folks!
5	Went in and was a little overwhelmed with the huge menu. When we asked our waitress for suggestions she asked us what we liked, after we all described what we were looking for she said "ok" and left to put our orders in. Within minutes we all had huge dishes of exactly what we each were looking for. Great service, great food - we'll be back! This place is almost dangerous it's so good!
5	Line was long on the Friday night we went, but they were certainly trying hard to get everyone served, so you can't be too hard on em' for that! We were happy with our choice to eat here!
5	Excellent Vietnamese food and consistently friendly service every time I've been.  I love the soup and the summer rolls!!
5	Best Pho not only in town but probably some of the best I've ever had hands down. I typically go with the normal pho with rare steak and thick noodles. The lady who runs it literally remembers you and what you ordered after a visit or two. It's incredible and bizarre; I love it!Everything is always fresh, hot and consistently outstanding. I can't stress it enough...if you want pho and you're in town don't think about anywhere else. I've never had anything but their pho so I can't speak to their other cuisine.
4	Lang Van was a very unexpected surprise. Our group originally was going to head over to Ben Than, but saw it was closed on Wednesdays. Hoping to get our Vietnamese fix we searched Yelp! for ideas and were not disappointed.This place was able to seat our group of 7 at their large circle table. The staff was friendly and very helpful with any menu questions we had. If you like a good sweet iced coffee try it here! It's fun to make and yummy to drink. Hot coffee filters through your cup onto some good ole sweetened condensed milk, just stir and pour over your ice and BAM instant deliciousness.Be prepared for a large menu, I can only say I got the #109 which was very good. A healthy helping of vegtables, and beef with a side of rice. I also shared some garden rolls with my co-workers. Very good.Everyone had a great time and the food was all around delicious, we will be back!
5	We have been looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant since moving to the Lake Norman area from Washington, DC. This is a bit of a drive, but absolutely worth it. The food was fresh and delicious. The customer service was outstanding. We can not wait to go back and try more items from the menu!
5	The priority for this restaurant is yummy food. The building and decor is lacking but who cares. It's a perfect dive with satisfying meals. Everything I have eaten has been fabulous and fresh. Suggestions: Vietnamese coffee, spring rolls, lemon grass curry beef (a little kick), lemon grass curry chicken (a little kick) and beef pho. Fragrant! Absolutely belly filling and delicious.
3	The food  is good. You will not be disappointed. The staff is friendly. The menu is not very surprising. I can't say it is an amazing restaurant. It is just good and overpriced for what they offer. I ordered a meal number 45. I got noodles, 4 pieces of crab, a tiny piece of beef and a tiny spring roll. The size was just right to feel not hungry, but not too full. It tasted really good. But for almost 13$ you sort of expect a little more than noodles, 4 crabs, a tiny roll and a tiny piece of meat. The meal literally cost them not more than 1.50$ -2$ to prepare. I wished they had more soup varieties in smaller bowls as entrees. I don't want to pay 10$ and get a huge soup as I don;t always like to make a soup to my main dish. Also, I wished they had more authentic salads, like a lotus stem salad. However, the place is clean, it was recommended to me, the staff is very friendly and make sure you have a good experience.The food tastes well. Get there on time. It is very small and I know people like that place.
5	I'm new in town and I def will got o this place from now and on. Best pho and fresh spring rolls I've ever hard honestly. Price is fair. 3 of us with 3 meals and alcohol drinks for less than 60.  Staff was friendly and good atmosphere.
2	Totally in love with the shrimp spring rolls here! Fresh & not too filling considering it's an appetizer! :P But, I was disappointed with how the curry turned out. It's way too sweet, not the slightest spicy and it looks pathetic - with only pieces of chicken meat and potatoes. No vegetables, no mushrooms, no add-ons in the curry. I've had better tasting main course than this restaurant.
3	Gave 3 stars based on no kids menu and the price is high for pho. Great service. Looks run down on the outside but nice and clean on the inside. Pho was too Americanized. Had vegetables in it and what tasted like garlic.
5	Lang Van doesn't look like much from the outside, and it's certainly not in the best location.  However, we had heard and read such good things about it that we had to give it a try.  We went there on a weeknight and it was crowded, so I can only imagine the waits on the weekends.  Fortunately, the restaurant has overflow parking in the back, since the front fills up pretty quickly.  The entry way and dining room is nicely laid out, considering the space it's in.  You walk down a walled hallway and there are dining rooms on either side.  I think they did a great job with the space to give it some atmosphere.  The big storefront windows allow in a lot of natural light, too.I started with my Vietnamese favorite appetizer: summer rolls.  They're always so light-tasting, healthy, and delicious, and they come with a deliciously sweet peanut sauce.  (And they're usually very cheap!)  I always describe them as an unfried spring roll and, to me, a much better option.  I'll take them over a spring roll or egg roll any day.The menu is HUGE.  And there are no pictures.  Unless you're VERY familiar with Vietnamese dishes, it's tough to know what to order.  We sat there for awhile, trying to decide what might be good.  I can't recall the name of it, but I ended up ordering a rice noodle dish that was full of meats, seafood, and veggies, mixed with some kind of white sauce.  It was very flavorful and fresh, and although I'd order it again, I'd love to try a variety of other Vietnamese options that I've never tried before.  Next time, though, we'll study up on the menu before we go. :)  Lastly, I must point out that the service was fast and friendly.  We'll be back!
2	I really wanted to like this place after being told this was one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in town, and the staff was very friendly.  But I found the food to be overpriced and one-note; not the myriad of complex flavors that I associate with great Vietnamese food.  Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes. Personally I think Ben Thanh or Truc are much better.
2	My friends and I came here on a Thursday evening after hearing good reviews. We waited patiently for our server to arrive several minutes after we were seated. My friends ordered some basic pineapple chicken dish and I ordered a mixed beef dish with broken rice. It came 10 minutes after everyone's else dish arrived, and it was lukewarm and overcooked. Not worth sending back since our server was barely around. If we come back next time, I'll just stick with pho and see if the service improves.
5	I don't know much about Vietnamese food - so I can't speak to it's authenticity compared to food eaten IN Vietnam, but as far as my Amerhican (pronounce it like it looks) taste buds are concerned, this place is WONDERFUL!! Perfect price-point for SO MUCH FOOD! And the best Pho I've eaten (in Charlotte)! But, since I'm a restaurant junkie, my favorite part of Lang Van is the service. They ALWAYS remember you. Even if you haven't been in months. Your water glass somehow always remains full, yet you haven't noticed them ever refilling it. They even "mark" your table with michelin star professionalism. Food is GREAT! Service is EXCEPTIONAL!! Kinda' busy and crowded if you get there during a rush, but SO worth the wait!
1	Lang Van was disappointing. Was on vacation with my parents, and wanted a really good pho to eat. So, took to yelp to see what restaurants had great reviews. Parking lot small and limited. Interior was ok, atmosphere was nice and casual. Services was good and attentive. I ordered the beef pho. The waiter brought out this huge bowl filled with beef broth. However, much to my surprises there was very little noodle or meat. The noodles were kid's portion. Come on now, whats a pho without noodles. Not really a pho in my opinion. Save your money and go somewhere else.
3	Last September I was weary from driving 8 hours, I was so happy to find a pho restaurant with so many excellent reviews! I ordered pho tai, and it came precisely as I'd requested it. It was delicious, with a marvelous roasted bone broth. The basil and other garnishes were very fresh and delicious. I had not nearly finished my bowl, but had taken a moment to quietly savor the flavors and the warmth in my belly, when the hovering began. At that time, there was apparently no coordination of bus service, water-glass refilling, etc.  I hope they've resolved this by now, because being asked five times in 10 minutes "are you finished?" "Can I take your bowl?" "May I clear that?" etc., etc., really detracted from my otherwise lovely experience.
4	Big selection of Vietnamese foods!  Taste pretty authentic to me. Pretty crowded on a Saturday evening, so apparently many others agree with me. The area is not in the high end district but their parking lot is entirely fenced off, and it has plentiful parking behind the restaurant.
5	Excellent food and service every time! I love the vegetarian options like the create your own spring rolls, hot pot, and rice noodle dishes. The staff memorize your favorites after only a couple of visits and can provide recommendations if you don't want to read the lengthy list of options.
5	Don't tell anyone but this is the best place in town. I eat Pho on the regular. This place is near my house so I will never move. Ever. Pho to go - Stop. It makes the world better. Nicest people on the planet work here too! I have tried other things on the menu and they were super dope... that Pho tho.... If I could marry a dish it would be this dish. From Lang Van. There should be an extra meal time in the day for Pho. And this is where you should get it. But keep it a secret - we don't want everyone to know.
5	My newest addiction. There's not much I can add that hasn't already been covered in other reviews, but this place is worth the trip. I recommend the Pho Tai. The portion sizes are big - I typically stretch one order into 2-3 meals.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat.  The building is unassuming, but if you drive by this place and do not stop, big mistake.  During my most recent visit here, I went with the Charlotte Veggies Meet Up group.  There were seven of us, and they had positioned tables to make an eating space for us.Service here is always impeccable.  During this visit, the server brought us complimentary summer rolls featuring crispy tofu and the most incredible peanut sauce.For my meal, I ordered number 72, fried rice noodle with mixed vegetables and crispy tofu in garlic sauce.  I liberally added their wonderful hot sauce and was in pure heaven.  They also offer wine and beer, so I enjoyed their house Chardonnay after a hard day's work.At the end of the meal, we were given a plate of sweets.  Fortune cookies, little candies, these round cake like things and this sesame covered delicacy filled with bean paste.  I am not a dessert person, but these morsels were not cloyingly sweet.The menu is very extensive, and Lang Van boasts that they can turn any dish into a veg friendly one.   Veggies and hot sauce!  Just my style.
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte.  The staff is very attentive and after only a few visits the manager recognizes us and knows what we like to drink and knows our appetizer. We love the spring rolls with the peanut sauce.  I have tried  quite a few of the many dishes they offer, including the specialties, but I seem to always prefer the vermicelli dishes with mint. It is light and refreshing.
2	Somebody told us this place was the best in Charlotte. Somebody lied. The tofu rolls were pretty decent but the main dishes we tried, including the vermicelli and pho, were not what we were used to and just weren't very good. Service was quick though, so that's a plus.
5	All I have to say is YUM!  Love it!  Had never had Vietnamese food till I went here; I will return & often!
5	Wow. Why I have I not tried this ace until now? It's right down the street from me and thanks to my friend visiting I had the pleasure of having my taste buds aroused once again. Personally I am not a fan of pho but I will say I tried my friends and I was happy. What I had was awesome. Lemon grass beef. Which you can also order in chicken and tofu. What an amazing dish which you can order to you liking of spicy. Be careful because if you do not specify it will be hot! This is served over lemon grass and bean sprouts. It's almost like an amazing spicy salad with wonderfully cooked beef. Served with white rice. Eat with chop sticks and boom your done. I can't wait to eat here again. This place has an amazing menu and I want to try everything.
