2	Touting themselves: "Rated AAA Four-Diamond. Simple. Sophisticated. Splendid" seems somewhat hubristic. Mom and I went for the prix fixe Christmas dinner, which we figured would be foolproof, as they had to make a bunch and would only use tried and true dishes. Well, not so much. Foie gras: oily to the point of being wet, resting on a soggy filo something and served with egg nog (?!) dipping sauce. Octopus salad: too chewy by half. Roasted squab breast: gamy, and somewhat overcooked. "Chef's Selection" bread pudding: too much dessert after such a hearty, if uninspired meal. Boring is also the term I would also use for the other courses and sides, although the Kobe Rib Eye was yummy. Obsequious to the point of cavity-inducing would be the phrase I would use to describe the staff, although they were there when needed. In sum, except for the foie gras, nothing was horrible, but nothing was spectacular either. For a "4 Diamond" restaurant, the experience was just... meh. For the price: fuhgetaboutit!
4	Easter Brunch I spent on the patio of Ristorante Tuscany @ JW Marriott Desert Ridge.  They of course did not have there traditional menu, but a prix fixe menu for the brunch since they are not typically open on Sundays.    Sitting on the patio over looking a large water feature with lush greens and beautiful blue skies, almost made one feel as if they were not in a desert.  Claudio and Juleen were taking care of us this day and I have to say...they were fantastic!!  Personal and friendly, they never let the Proseco stop flowing!!  The meal began with a buffet of Antipasto...so many different cheeses, salami's, prosciutto, figs, grilled vegetables, salad with dates (it was like I was home having Easter dinner at my Mom's).  I choose the salmon appetizer off the menu as well as the crab cake benedict (Claudio also  brought a piece of the lobster and caviar strata for the table to share)  The Salmon was done perfectly with a little dijon sauce it was enjoyable.  I tried my friends flat bread with mushrooms and this was also delicious.  It was amazing that it was an appetizer as  it was a whole rectangular pizza.  The crab cake benedict was a bit salty for my tasting.  However the lobster and caviar strata was fantastic!  I also tried the Kobe beef and mushrooms...delicious.  And the Proseco was still flowing.Desert was served in the wine cellar.  And of course I had to try a little of everything!  What I did truly enjoy was that this was a slow dining experience.  They did not rush you and actually let the food digest before another course was presented.A beautiful setting.  Fantastic people taking care of you. And of course delicious food.  What other better way to spend a Sunday for brunch.
3	Just had dinner here while staying at the JW Marriott Desert Ridge for a conference.  Short take: overall it was a pleasant and good experience.  I'd come back if I lived in the area and if I didn't mind spending a few bucks.  Details: The hostesses and wait staff were great; seated me promptly and were able to engage in some nice small talk to get me comfortable.  The dining area was pleasant.  It has some massive stone columns that break the room into somewhat smaller seating areas, making for a cozier dining experience and also helps to shield from noise.  The seats were comfortable, and the table plenty big for a party of two--unlike some other restaurants that really try to cram you into as small of a footprint as possible.  So far so good.Now onto the important stuff: the food and pricing.  The food I got was excellent.  The portions, however, are small.  Luckily for me, they surprised me with a bread board and a couple of other things (unexpected dungeness crab salad mini-bite, and end-of-meal white chocolate truffle).  The bread wasn't the usual bread and olive oil dipping sauce that I'm accustomed to getting at lesser restaurants, but a board with three types of warm artisan bread: a cranberry, a plain sourdough, and a nice green olive encrusted bread.  Six slices in total, I ate all of them.  It would have been a little dry normally, but 4 (count 'em, 4) different spreads and dips made them very edible.  They had an olive oil dip, a buttery spread, a tangy blended mayonnaise dip, and some cooked and oiled cored olive topping dish.  It was a delight to mix and match the types of bread with the types of options.  I started with a caesar salad.  This was pretty good, but you can't really go too far with a caesar.  I've had plenty worse, so I'm sure you get the picture.  I was disappointed by the size though, it was a small soup bowl size (for $10!).  At least there were two fresh anchovies in there.For the main entree, I ordered their veal ravioli.  This was delicious.  The skin was just right, the meat was tender.  The sauce was a creamy delight, and there was also a secondary plating of a deep green colored sauce that neither added nor subtracted from the taste or texture of the dish.  What was a little weird was the prosciutto they haphazardly tossed on top of it all.  No complaints though, I chopped that up and it added a little extra kick.  In total there were only about eight 1.5" square sized ravioli; plumply stuffed, but a couple more would have been nice...  One person, no wine, no dessert, no coffee--just iced tea, a salad, and ravioli, and I was up to $41.  I wouldn't have been full without the bread.  If the price was a little lower, say $30-35, I would have given them an extra star.
3	We came here for my birthday dinner after hearing our friend's rave review.The restaurant is tucked inside the JW Marriott, which is a bit off the main street. Overall it was a pleasant experience. Our waiter was from Rome, so we followed his recommendations. Since we were hungry, and being our carnivore selves, I ordered Veal Loin (Saltimbocca di Vitello) which topped with prosciutto,  on a bed of mascarpone potato. Bf ordered Rib Eye (Bistecca Alla Fiorentina) with gorgonzola gratin and olive oil. I thought mine was a bit too salty, and a bit messy considering the veal sits on top of the mashed potato. I really didn't care for it.Bf's rib eye, on the other hand, was delicious. It was cooked to perfection, exactly medium rare. The sauce wasn't overwhelming. The portion was HUGE though, his rib eye with bone in looked like it was about 24 oz !Before our main course, we were given a small complimentary sample of steak topped with alfafa sprouts, which was nice and yummy. I wish I had ordered this for my main course instead.I would probably come back again if I happen to be in the area.
2	Had dinner here while staying at the JW Marriott. Service was very friendly, but a bit slow. Food was decent, but portions were small. Decor is very nice, but I think there must be better options in the Phoenix metro area or even near the hotel. Don't think I would have dinner here again.
4	We've dinned at their sister location Tuscany located at the JW Marriott in Palm Desert CA. It was Christmas eve and we didn't have any reservations but the Maitre D seated us within five minutes. Ristorante Tuscany has made some major adjustments to their dinner menu and is trying to target a wider range of clientele - not just the high end diners as in the past. The inside is very eye appealing and their new menu seems to be family targeted with even pizza now on the menu and prices are reasonable. We started with a appetizer of antipasti served with grilled ciabatta, black garlic spread, smoked prosciutto, stone ground mustard, balsamic shallots, and roasted garlic - Oh so yummy and it well with my glass of Malbac red wine from Argentina. For our entree I ordered the wild mushroom risotto with prawns, porcini, celery root, chives, parmesan and walnuts. In addition, I ordered a Salciicia Pizza with fennal sausage and garlic. The risotto was to die for mushrooms had Lot's of flavor and the four prawns were huge. Pizza was decent and was made in a pizza oven. The JW Marriott Dessert chefs won the 2009 National Pastry Champions and placed Bronze at the Dessert Internationals for 2010.Our dessert was the Champs Choice which changes regularly but that evening was saffron and rose parfait topped with mango sorbet, side piece of dark chocolate cake with chocolate chips and layered with a thin strip of white chocolate topped with whip creme. It was absolutely decadent. Service was decent  but the waitress and waiters here are in dire need of assistants to help improve on the small details to clients. Other then this I was happy with our quality of food.
2	So I put on a button up shirt, wear a jacket and am ready for what I am told is a 4 diamond experience.  This is my first time to Tuscany so was looking forward to great service, great food and a relaxing experience.  What we got when we arrived was an Italian bistro that was filled with families wearing shorts and t-shirts, rushed service and decent food.  Apparently, changes have taken place and the restaurant has decided to sacrifice its four diamond status to cater to the family clientele in shorts.  When we arrived the walk down the staircase to the restaurant was promising.  However, once we got to the host stand there was confusion and we were quickly handed off to a server who grabbed two menus, a kids menu (we don't have kids) and began to run away without asking us to follow her.  We got seated and I must say that our server was GREAT under the circumstances that she was given.  Unfortunately, she was rushed and had little support and this made our experience seemed rushed.  (If any of you have seen waiting, I pictured our server as being the waitress who goes outside and yells and screams.)  We shared a couple of plates and though we were given extra plates to eat off of, we had to use those same plates for each course as they did not provide a clean plate for the different courses.  Also, our water glasses were not filled even though they said they were going to do so.  The food was just good and when you have to drive 20 minutes or so, and you are expecting 4 diamond food and service, good is not good enough.  There are better Italian food restaurants closer to me (Pinos and Gaspers) that I would prefer to go to.  I cannot say any of the food was bad, but I will not go back to Tuscany.  It's too bad that they did change their menu as it sounds like it was great.
2	Being from new jersey (and having the possessive attitude over Italian food that comes with my drivers license from thy part of the country), I was worried about eating Italian in Phoenix.  The antipasta was actually really good.  The mozzarella and prosciutto were fresh and tasty.  But only 1 1/2 of the 6 people I went out with enjoyed their entree, mostly pasta dishes that were too bland and sauceless.  The desserts were tasty.  The service was polite but slow.  I'm usually pretty forgiving but this place was not great.
2	Service was not so great. The maitre d' was very disorganized and there was a line leading up the stairs of people waiting to be seated. The wait between our starters and the main course was at least 30 minutes without any acknowledgement or apology for the wait.  The couple next to us, although seated after us, had dessert, coffee and paid their bill even before our main course arrived. We both had the farmers basket soup as a starter. Unless you REALLY like tomatoes (like the peeled type from a can), I suggest you skip this.  We had the striped bass and a sausage pizza for the main course. The fish didn't really taste that fresh and had a strange consistency with parts that were inedible. One of the ingredients in the sauce was chorizo, which really has no place in Northern Italian cooking.  The pizza dough had the consistency of frozen pizza.  We opted to not have dessert this night and were quite prepared to be on our way.
1	Had dinner on Saturday, June 16.  The service was extremely slow and unattentive for server follow up or refils.  Considering the restaurant is part of a major Marriott Resort, the food was well below average for the prices charged.  I would not recommend this restaurant.
4	The service and the food was great!  We came here on a groupon deal and it was really worth it.  I had the farmers basket soup as a starter and it was delicious.  I loved the flavors.  It could almost be ordered as an entree.  For dinner I had one of their pizzas which was enough for 2 people to share.  I loved the thin, crispy crust and the flavors were good as well.  The desserts were pretty decent as well.Our waiter was really attentive and recommended dishes and helped in our selection.  I really like this hotel in general and recommend staying there and eating at Tuscany if you are able to.
5	I stayed at the hotel and I tried Tuscany and it was really good.  Delicious Scallops and pasta.  Also the pizza was excellent.  The server was great and I would return to this restaurant when I visit the hotel again.
4	I ate here on two occasions. The first time I had the pizza and it wasn't quite the flavor that I was expecting. On the second occasion I had the fettuccine Alfredo with rotisserie chicken and it blew my mind. The portions are small just as you may expect at a fancy dining establishment. The flavor however was unbelievable. Highly recommend.
4	Fit us in, and it was much appreciated.  Great bread, and my compadres and I enjoyed our entrees.  Lobster ravioli, and the ossa buco.  Yum.  A little noisy, but big deal!
5	Being a local, we always forget about some of the amazing restaurants at local resorts.  I've heard many great things about Ristorante Tuscany, so we finally tried it.  So glad we did.  Everything on the menu looked delicious, so we actually asked the staff for recommendations.  Chef Matt was spot on with everything he recommended. His passion for quality comes through in every dish.  Everything exceeded our expectations!  We started off with an Antipasti plate with assorted meats and cheeses.  AMAZING! Next, we had the scallops atop sweet corn.  The scallops were cooked perfectly.  The sweet corn with the creamy sauce was delicious too, and I really wanted to lick the plate.Next came the main entrees:  Short Rib Risotto. What fantastic flavors! Nice and tender with great flavors.Veal Saltimboca-Cooked perfectly. The sauce was fantastic. Glad we had extra bread, so we could soak up the bread in the delicious sauce!Of course we saved room for dessert! Tiramisu.  WOW! Whatever you do, save room this.  Pure decadence.  It took A LOT of will power, but I managed to save some of the dessert and brought it home to enjoy with my coffee the next morning.Thank God for leftovers!
2	Vibe: Outdoor patio, Boca Raton, FL golf courseService: Very goodWine List: ExpensiveTable Bread: Very goodBathroom: OKParking: At Marriott hotelFood: Pizza is not good. Dough it too stiff. Burata is OK. Fresh mozzarella is too dry. Pumpkin gnocchi were very tasty. Veal Marsala is horrible. Thick slices of low quality veal. This place was great about ten years ago.Dessert: Black and white is very rich and sweet. Half Blondie and half brownie with ice cream. WIGB? No
5	Everything we had was amazing! The scallops, artichokes, pizza and chicken were so flavorful!
2	I was accommodated with a change in time and party size. This was the best that night.My server Alison was trying to deal with mishaps by her support staff all night. I apologized to her for that. My issues? My full bottle of wine came to the table Pre-Opened? Curious. Mussels were too salty. Couldn't taste the mussels at all. Pizza with added prochutto was over cooked. I passed on desert because I didn't want three failures in a row for this evening. Good effort by some with disappointing results.
2	Came here with the family (2 kids, 4 adults) for a dinner.  For the pricepoint, this is not a place that we'd return to, unless we were staying in the JW Marriott, as it is a part of the resort. The ambiance is very nice, with an open kitchen, and a casual but luxurious interior.  Service was snappy and attentive, but perhaps lacked a little bit of refinement that you might expect in an upper-end resort.  The gnocchi has the potential to be an above average order; however, it almost tastes like an italian stir-fry, if such a thing exists.  There is not enough variety with textures and flavors.The pizza is quite good, but the reality is that you can get better 'za at an actual pizza joint for a fraction of the cost.The highlight of the meal, and perhaps a commentary on the dining experience itself (which really just sort of misses the mark), is the Green Salad and the Caesar Salad.  The Caesar is topped with anchovies, a touch that not enough restaurants will add.
