2	$1.00 for air for your tires :( wtf?AND the ATM was broken
1	This store is run by idiots, and liars, I have lost my job and car because they called the police on me and said I was walking funny, said I was intoxicated but sold me liquor.
2	This is for the one across the street without gas. I been in three times not by choice really and I hate it every time. First time was a month ago I asked if the manager Di could make a pot of Cinnamon coffee and she huffed and puffed and complian it would take her about 15 mins to make. Since when does it take that long to make coffee. I said screw it I'll get something else. Another customer came in and asked for a bakery blend and she was all cheery and happy and said it take about 4 mins to make. Wtf? I'm assuming she has favorites and if you aren't one you won't get service. Came in again with friends and she was working again I asked for a pack of smokes and she just glanced and she said they were out. I asked if she could look in the back stock and she said no if it not up we are out. How rude? How does circle k pick these managers? She then refused to break my buddy 20 cuz he brought a polar pop. She said we had to buy more if we wanted to use a 20. I asked her why and she said it was policy. I been to other circle k and none has ever asked me to buy more. They ask if I have smaller I tell them no sorry but then they say no problem and break it.  Only reason this gets two stars is because of jordan who works the overnights. I walked in he greeted me as I walked in. I walked around while he was mopping and told him sorry and he said no problem its a never ending battle and laugh. He was friendly and even ran to the back to check if they had something. I figured I would ask and see his response to making me a pot of coffee and he said takes about 4 mins if you wanna wait. I said I will. He ran to the back grabbed the pot and in 20 secs he had to brewing for me. Unlike Di who didn't want to. Then I saw he was out of camel crush and figured I would asked. He looked high and low and then came back and said sorry looks like we are out. The fact he looked and tries to help is all it takes. I will only be going back if he is working. CIRCLE K MAKE JORDAN A MANGER HE HAS SKILLS UNLIKE DI!!
