3	My office is on 5th St. and Forest in Tempe, so this little quickie mart is the perfect place to go get a snack or a cold beverage during the daily grind.  There are a few details I wish were better, but overall it is a good place for junk food and fountain drinks.Pros:They have a little of everything.  It is like a miniature Walgreen's.  It is the mini bar of Walgreen's style places-- it is convenient and pricey.  One day I got to the office and realized I forgot to lather on the deodorant that day.  A short walk later I had a back-up stick and a cold beverage in my hand.They sell beer.  While I do not buy beer here, it is worth noting that the place is small, but still has a respectable beer selection (several imports and good domestics).  I love beer, and I like to know that it is readily available.The clerks aren't snotty.  This store is on the ASU campus, which is prone to douchebaggery.  Not here.  The staff is always friendly.If you want ASU gear, they have tons of it!  Lots of sales at different times of the year help the pocketbook because that stuff is always expensive anywhere you go!Cons:If you are going to sell brewed iced tea, you need to clean the entire machine, inside and out daily.  DAILY.  Otherwise the tea is bacteria flavored.  I buy bottled tea here, but I would prefer brewed.  Panda Express across the street has great iced tea, so this isn't a requirement for Campus Corner, but it would be nice, and should be standard.You pay for convenience.  Some items are higher than you'd pay elsewhere, but I understand.I eat sunflower seeds, and I wish they had more sunflower seed selection.  They sell David's which are okay, but gimme some variety!  For example, Bigs, Spitz, Zotes--- Now those are some good seeds.Overall, I am thankful to have this place nearby, and funky tea or not, I will still mozy on down for a bag of sub par seeds about once a week.
5	Looking for an ASU hat and hit the jackpot here with at least 30 different styles and most are under 20 bucks. There are $5 off coupons in the student discount guide (get the book at this store) and that hat pictured was only $13.  Plenty of other merchandise available including the very popular ASU salt and pepper shakers and a handful of the famous $4.99 T-shirts. Of course if your not on foot then parking is an issue, but I found plenty of open meters right on College and 7th and 50 cents should do the trick for most people.
2	I'll stop in every now and then for the latest issue of Vogue. But the downside is they don't carry Nylon and sometimes the magazines come in late. Their band-aids and Neosporin is severely overpriced, even for a convenience store. On the plus side, the line never gets long and it's open late.
