3	Pretty much my go-to place for the ol' fixer-uppers and doo-dads that keep my home in shape.  They have a pretty standard selection of items pertaining to home improvement and pretty much any kind of screw/bolts/tools that you could imagine (or probably not imagine of!).  But, I'm pretty sure that's what they pine themselves on (as well as the other hardware stores in the area) and I would expect them to do so.The only thing I have trouble with is tracking down someone to help me out with finding things around the store.  I am a guy and, as much as I hate to admit it, I can get lost and confused in the HD pretty quick.  I usually have to wait a bit for someone to finish up with another customer (which I don't mind) or I get stuck with the "Hold on, I'll call someone for you" runaround line, the latter being the most frequented.  After waiting for someone to get "called over", I use enough sense to read the signs and find my way to whatever I'm looking for.Selection is good, prices are decent, but a little more assistance would be nice.
3	Home Depot is neither Here Nor There. All Hardware stores seem to adopt the same layout. Albeit Lowes or Home Depot. The prices at Home Depot are reasonable, and they have good sales. This one has a Hot Dog cart out front with good food and Smoothies. The employees are friendly when you eventually track someone down. With all the measurement diagrams its easy to match up screws and bolts and everything to find the size that you need. A Little disorganized because people grab bolts and screws and throw them wherever. So Home Depot should have someone to come by and correct the aisles every once in a while. Hint Hint.  The major downfall of why i cant give more points here it comes. In the Frigging parking Lot, I dont like being approached by people i dont know soliciting me for work. Thats a Big MINUS. And you dont see them hanging out at Lowes.
4	I've been to this Home Depot a bunch of times recently because spring has sprung! And guess what... in Vegas there is only so much time between winter and summer. I do not want to be outside doing yard work during the summer, so from now until probably the middle of April, it's yard work time.Most everything I've gone to get here has been in the garden/nursery section because my fiance is redoing the backyard with rocks. So we needed a new wheel barrel, shovel, weed killer, etc. Every time we've been here we've been able to find what we needed. Also, there are pretty competent employees who can help you find something and give you advice for something you might have a question on. It's a decent place, but I don't like the groups of people outside in the parking lot looking for work. However, I think there's going to be that problem at pretty much any Home Depot or Lowes.
5	I've been shopping at this store, since I lived within walking distance of it.  I moved, and another fine Home Depot store was closer to my new residence, but "old habits die hard," so I decided to continue trading at this location, and here are my reasons why: Mike D. (known as "The Bomb")Jimmy S.  (works in the windows/screens/doors area)Joanne B. (cashier)Pearl (Cashier)andEd (Assistant Store Manager)These folks (and many more like them, whose names I've probably forgotten over the years) treat me with the utmost courtesy and friendliness, every time I enter their location.I don't spend all that much money there, but whenever I have home improvement or hardware needs, this store is the only one that comes to my mind.The fact is, ANYONE can sell you a screwdriver (including a BARTENDER!), but with me, it is HOW it is sold.  I don't concern myself (too much) with prices and brand names, but I seriously think about WHERE I will make my purchase, and when all is said and done, the EMPLOYEES (Staff) are what cause me to return (or to NEVER return).I've never met a rude employee at this store; I'm always greeted with a smile and a friendly "May I help you with something?"  If I have any kind of problem at my home, there's always an "expert" in the store, to help me get it solved, and you can bet that they go out of their way to solve it, too.  I have never exited that store, without a huge SMILE on my face.When I went in today (April 26, 2012), I was again reminded how wonderful their sense of humor is, with some of the staff members.After I was asked what I needed, I replied, "I'm just window shopping."The employee said, totally deadpan, "Windows are at Aisle 33."I almost got a stomach ache from laughing so hard, and there was NO EXTRA CHARGE for humor.  (I know, because I couldn't find it noted on my receipt.)Do you want to feel SPECIAL and IMPORTANT, no matter what?  Then visit THIS store, and you'll see, first-hand, how the associates reflect honorably on their store manager, Dave.I refuse to go anywhere else, unless I'm out of town.
3	So this is a long story.  I guess there's a lesson at the end.  I accompanied Angela here to pay for new flooring at her place.  She came in here more than 6 months ago and paid for Home Depot to send guys to measure her place.  Home Depot hires a 3rd party to do this.  Well, after a lot of exploration on different types of floors etc. the flooring she was looking at was on sale this particular weekend.  And I was in town so my military discount was going to help her out also.  So we trekked over there.Well, all her stuff was still in the system but those measurements are only good for 6 months.  I think it's $35 to pay these guys to come measure your house.  So basically Angela or anyone else would have to pay the $35 fee again even though she had nothing done to her house so the measurements are the same.  We asked why they couldn't just input the same measurements in to a new account and then ring her up.  Yeah, they pretty much just told us that couldn't be done and they weren't really trying to help us too much.  Suffice to say we just got up and left.  Well, we exchanged some more words-nothing nasty, more like you just lost out on a huge sale because of something really silly.About 30 minutes later Angela gets a call from Home Depot telling her that they can go back and fix things like how we wanted.  So we headed back and sure enough they worked some magic and it all worked out.  Now I understand the logistics of this.  It's a 3rd party, the responsibility lays with them, in theory we could have gotten a room added or taken away within 6 months etc..  Really, I do get it.  But seriously?  Do people really try to cheat Home Depot this way?  Seems like a lot of work to me and I can't see this being a commonplace cheat.  Hm, I want to set carpet in my floor but I want to add a new room.  So I'm going to pay Home Depot to measure my house before the addition then build the addition and then get them to come and lay the carpet down on the new square feet.  I mean, as a contractor you can just refuse to lay down anything because I'd imagine you're going to re-measure the place again before laying anything down.  Isn't that just common sense?
4	First of all, this place is really huge.  They should have moving sidewalks or trams to get you around the store.  I can see why they sell hotdogs and pizza out in front by the entrance.  It's so you can carb up for your pilgrimage across the aisles.  Okay, now that, that is out of the way.  I want to preface this review on one thing.  I know absolutely nothing, and I mean nothing, about home repair.  I can work a plunger.  That stuff scares me... Well except electrical work - for some reason I don't mind messing around with wires, that can electrocute me.  Sorry... I digress.  This place is great for the do-it-yourselfer's.  The weekend warriors that like to gussy up their home with the latest in home care.  I am not one of those people.  But, if I were to choose to become one, this place would be awesome.  Anyhow, here is the reason I came in today with my actual review.For the last couple of days I have been looking for 2 amp slo-blo fuses.  Go ahead and laugh about SLO-BLO.  If you are finished I can continue.  Anyhow, I came in looking for these fuses for a few Fender Amplifiers that I am putting together.  I have tried everywhere... Well - not really everywhere - I tried Radio Shack, and they didn't have them.  So, my next step was to call Home Depot then Frye's.  I was hoping Home Depot had them because this store is close to where I live.  So, I called first to see if they had the fuses.  I hate calling places with automated messaging.  It takes so long to figure out what dept. I want and then get someone on the line.  I eventually got through and was transferred to electronics and was helped by, I think his name was Bill.  Don't hold me to that name.  And, he looked in his inventory and said they had the fuses.  Even though, I was still skeptical, I came in the store.  I got to the electronics section and low and behold, they had my fuses.  They cost more than what I am accustomed to through Amazon or Fender.  I was happy!  One, for not having to drive across town and two, for being able to get my amps in working order.So, I am a fan... Who knows?  Maybe, if I decide to become a do-it-yourselfer, I'll come back here for all of my needs. I took a star off for the automated machine.
3	I think I've been to pretty much all the home depots here in las vegas and it's usually a hit or miss with customer service. Some are smaller but this one is pretty big. The customer service here is ok, can't explain it but get a feeling that some people just don't care as much. There are some that really tries their best to help though. Gess we'll see how it goes.
2	We are new to the area and relatively new to Home Depot.  We purchased a stainless sink and faucet online, the sink was store pick up and the faucet by UPS.  We were told we would get a call or email when the sink came in - no call or email came.  We went to the store & checked if the sink was there & it was, took it home - it was dented, took it back to get another and the idiot clerk said we could not return an online order, asked for the manager and ok'd the return.  We are still waiting for UPS at 3 pm.  I will Never, ever buy anything from Home Depot!  Especially since Lowes is just down the street.  Thankfully we bought all our new appliances (5) at Lowes.  Home Depot has lost a good customer for life.  P.S. your store is disorganized and  the customer service people suck!
4	I call It The Man Store. My Husband beams when he knows we are headed there. The customer service has always been good for us. That maybe because we know what we want and rarely need them .Lol. However I find that the store is well stocked and their prices are reasonable. The only con is the people outside begging you to take them home to work for you. One, sorry I don't bring strangers to my house unless they are legit. Second, they are not store employees and I know other Home Depots that don't allow their customers to be accosted and we will shop those instead.
1	Manager there has no people skills very rude and unprofessional. Will never shop there again.
