5	This makes Uptown playful. We go to ImaginOn with my nephews on a fairly regular basis. I am surprised when more ppl DON'T go with children. It is free and provides hours of entertainment!We like to arrive on the lightrail (right there- cheap entertainment for my 7 year old nephew). The younger nephew stays on the lower floors with me. There are educational and play area. My older nephew (13) can easily be entertained by reading book, comic books or even playing video games. Seriously- this place is awesome. The PERFECT place to go when the weather is either too cold or too hot. My nephew NEVER wants to leave.The front of the library has some statues. They love climbing on this.The architecture is interesting. There are always different activities going on. There are armchairs by windows where you can stare at the city. Binoulcars if you want to look even closer. This is a great place to support Charlotte's libraries and Charlotte being community oriented. LOVE  it.
4	I enjoy visiting Imaginon, primarily for the children's activities, library, and the theaters.  You can opt for general admission, which includes the balcony, or pay a bit more to sit in one of the front rows.  All of the seats in the McColl theater are excellent whether you are sitting in the first or last row, or in the balcony.  The shows are always entertaining and provide an excellent arts activity for the children.  My only issue is open seating.  You must arrive early if you want to select a seat, vs. sitting where there are empty seats remaining.  However, I will again mention that all the seats are excellent so if you don't want to fret, you have nothing to lose.  Oh, they also have a Teen Loft that is open to teens only.  Check the website for details.
4	This is a kids dream spot.  I like it too :).  Full of cool activities and adventures to get into.  The decor will keep you busy without a doubt.  Recently came here for a Children's Theater presentation and was very impressed with the finishes and the cleanliness of the place.  If you are looking for a quick way to kill a few hours with your little one just drop by here and consider it done!
5	Imaginon is great for families.  Books, exhibits, stuff to climb on, children's theater, and lots of special events for kids and teens, just check their website for a calendar.  I guess there's a parking garage, but I walk over so I never use it. Currently I enjoy family storytime and the baby/toddler play area with my little one, but as he gets older we'll be able to take in more of what this place has to offer.
4	WOW what a fun place!  The Imaginon is located right on 7th st Uptown.  You can park in a nearby parking garage or Dixie's lot right across the street.  This is also the end of the Lynx line so you can also take the light rail here.The building is big and fun with exhibits everywhere.  You can bring your little one and they will be busy for hours.  There are computers and places to dress up and act out fun skits.  There are TONS of books - this is a library after all.  And you can use your Mecklenburg County library card here to check out books.  There are also many after school programs that encourage kids to come out of their shells.They have a little vending machine area for snacks and there is always staff wandering around ready to help.  Great place!!
4	A great place for entire family.Could spend hours there.Worth checking out.Great location.
4	The family and I went today for Pinkalicious, the musical and I must say the entire experience was positive.  This was our first time and from start to finish ImaginOn did a great job.We were greeted when we walked in and immediately got our parking validated and were told that we should get in line since we purchased general admission seats, this was a great idea since we were some of the first in line so we got our pick of good seats.  The seats were comfy and the view, even from the general admission level was great.It's always touch and go when you have that many little kids in one places which that being said, parents are the same way.  Everything went off without a hitch and there were plenty of ushers to make sure people got to where they were supposed to be.The "Salesguy" came out to greet everyone first and let everyone know the specials and what they have going on the rest of the year.  The play was well done and we're looking forward to seeing others.  Outside of the theatre, there is a nice library and things for the kids to do.  They had a life size book that went with the theme of the play they were showing which made for some good Kodak moments.As a parent, we're always looking for fun, affordable things to do with the kids and ImaginOn fits the bill.  Great stuff guys!!!
4	This is a very unique library with tons of interaction for the kids. Each level is specific to an age group and they even have a theater for productions. The only problem is parking as I payed $5 to park in the lot across the street. Very cool library though.
5	The Holy Grail of children's libraries. They have separate areas for children and teens, daily gaming, a recording studio, and they also have a deal with the Children's Theatre so the preform plays there and have theatre classes. Bring your parking ticket from the deck you park in to get it validated!
5	This place is just magical!  Why wasn't this around when I was a kid?  The moment you walk through the door you are transported to a child's imagination of color and whimsy.  Giant paper mache creatures float above your head and a cyclone of children's toys twists and climbs up to the ceiling.  I would be more than willing to pay an entrance fee for the kind of art and entertainment they provide, but luckily it's free!  It was the perfect place to bring my friend's twin toddler girls.  Talk about a cheap family outing: Park at the 7th street parking deck, get validated at the 7th street market for 90 minutes and grab a coffee, walk across the track to the library for story time (I call it dance in the bubbles while knocking down tiny children time), then cross the track again back to the market for a large pizza to share.  It was all absolutely wonderful and they have so many fun events for kids of all ages on their calendar that I can see this being the perfect family weekly ritual.
4	One of my girlfriends invited me out to watch the play Petite Rouge: A Cajun Red Riding Hood. It was a Cajun twist on the classic Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale. The location was easy enough to find, its right by the 7th Street Market Place. When we arrived we had our parking validated (sweet) and then were escorted to our seats. The theatre is pretty large and easy to navigate, plenty of leg room and a huge bonus was that the seats were pretty comfy! The play started on time and was great fun for the whole family. The actors were able to get the kids involved and still put on a great show. It's definitely a family fun event.
4	Love this place! Combines both my passion - books and children. Definitely a great place for to hang out with d kids! If only I could open a place like this in Atlanta!
5	This is the best library in charlotte for kids. They have so many activities and books and it's so colorful! They have the best and most engaging storytellers here. They also validate your parking if you park below the library. Def love that. They have theatre productions periodically for children throughout the year. Bring your kids they'll love it!
