5	Since I have posted a dog question on 'talk' today ( http://tinyurl.com/5cuox7 ), I thought I'd share a great Vet!Roughly a year ago I was looking for a Vet for my rescued pooch, she needed her final round of boosters, rabies shot and micro chip.  I asked around and took the advice from a friend to give Dr. John Clark a try after a bit of research online.Dr. Clark has been in practice in Phoenix for over 45 years. He is also currently the Board President of phoenix area emergency clinics; a group which is owned by 177 veterinarians and serves the emergency and critical care needs of over 300 Phoenix area practices. Needless to say, Dr. Clark is well respected by his peers; recommended by his clients and vets alike. One of the main reasons I use and respect Dr. Clark is his honesty. I have heard from two clients, who recommended him; he will not sell you on the extras. He doesn't believe in selling medications your animal doesn't need and treatments that are not necessary. So rather than a Vet that's out for the buck, he's a Vet of sincerity and integrity. In addition, the pricing at Orangewood Animal Hospital is extremely competitive and reasonable. The staff at Orangewood Animal Hospital is wonderful as well. I have called with questions in the past, they are always happy to help. If they don't know the answer they'll put you on hold and ask Dr. Clark, so your sure to get the correct answer to your question. If a medication is needed, they stock and sell it at economical prices. I tend to go the holistic / natural route with my pooch, so I've never taken them up on medication outside of boosters, rabies shots and micro chip. I have given Orangewood Animal Hospital 5 stars, so if you're looking for a Vet, give them a try!Orangewood Animal Hospital is located roughly 2 blocks north of Glendale Road on the east side of 7th street.  They treat dogs, cats and exotics.Here is a list of services offered..............Advanced Surgical ProceduresAdvanced CardiologyComplete Companion Animal CareComplete Dental Care and X-Ray ServicesDentistryDiagnostic Services on siteDiagnostic UltrasonographyDietary and Nutritional CounselingElective Surgeries and OrthopedicsExaminations, Vaccinations, Surgery and MedicineGeriatric CareICG ServicesInternal MedicineMedical Diagnostics and Hospitalized TreatmentMicrochippingPrescription Diet Pet FoodProfessional Flea and Tick ProductsPregnancy UltrasonographyPre and Postnatal ServicesRadiologyRoutine Health ExaminationsRoutine Small Animal Medical and Surgical ServicesRoutine SurgeriesSmall Animal Medicine and Surgery for Cats and DogsWellness and Preventive Medicine
5	I have to agree with the previous reviewer.  Dr. Clark is awesome.  Very nice guy who loves animals and who does not try to upsell you on anything.  I've been taking my dog to Orangewood for the past three years and I have nothing negative to say.  Go see Dr. Clark!
5	Okay...Getting a vet that will actually talk to you and discuss your pets health and history is remarkable in this day and age.  I was very impressed with Dr. Clark and his genuine care for the health of your pet.  One thing that I really appreciate is that the office seems to take into account that you are the customer and you direct them to the level of care your pet needs.  I agree they didn't  seem overly anxious to sell me services that I really don't need, but, also emphasized the importance of things like heartworm medication.  I recommend Dr. John Clark and the staff at the Orangewood Animal Hospital.
5	Love Orangewood Vet clinic! The whole staff is great and really cares about your animal. I have never had a vet who will spend the time necessary to discuss whats going on with your pet and then some. He is so full of great information about all animals. I would highly recommend Dr. Clark for the care of your pet.
5	concur all previous positive notes.  We had our cat in last year for work and both the staff and the doctor are excellent.  I would recommend that you use the services or if out of your range, with his knowledge of area Vets, I 'm sure they will recommend someone.  My only previous dealins with other Vets was negative.  This group really clearly loves and cares for animals.
5	I have finally found a place that I WANT to bring my dogs to.  The staff and doctor are top-notch.  Everything is handled with care and detailed attention.Thanks!!!!
5	You definitely get what you pay for, Dr. John Clark is amazing he will not only explain what changes you dog is going through but explain the history of why, i brought my puppy there for her rabies series, im a college student so he cut me some slack on the expenses of it, he gave me food advice and education on her growing process such as her weight teeth and eye sight the girls are okay but i go for the Dr. my puppy wont know another doctor ever again! go see him :)
1	We have been to this hospital about 4-5 times in the past year with a couple different cats of ours. We have been very happy with Dr Clark in the past.  He usually goes over everything really well and doesn't try to talk you into unnecessary care. However  I just got back from an appointment today and am very disturbed by the experience.  First of all a little background. My boyfriend and I have been TNRing (Trap, Neuter, Return) for about 4 years. This program is very helpful for the feral cat population and only a select group of vets and clinics will even spay/neuter feral cats.  We have been using Altered Tails and although they do have their shortcomings for the most part they do a great job. We trapped two cats on Wednesday night.  One of them turned out to be a friendly stray cat with an injury to his back leg.  Although I know AT doesn't treat  injuries we went ahead and took him in to be neutered along with the other feral cat we caught and made an appointment with Dr Clark to have him examined. Altered Tails called me after the surgery and explained that the cat had a reaction to anesthesia and he was freaking out and biting at his incision.  They put him back under, repaired the damage and put an e-collar on him. I was happy that they informed me of what happened and gave me instructions to keep a close eye on him.I knew before I even walked into Dr. Clark's office that the incision wasn't looking great but did not blame Altered Tails because I knew what had happened.  But as soon as I got there Dr Clark seemed annoyed I took the him to Altered Tails and basically called them a chop shop.  Which is very offensive considering the work they do for animals.  And it made me feel like he thought I was a bad or cheap person for taking him there.  We have 6 indoor cats and care for 2 small feral colonies. We spend a lot of our time and money caring for not only our own cats but for many lost, abandoned and feral cats each year. We spend at least 5K+ annually caring for animals so I wouldn't think anyone would consider that cheap or unkind.  But that's exactly how I was made to feel.  Dr. Clark didn't even bother giving him a full exam (although I was charged for one) he took about 10 seconds and looked at his neuter incision and injured leg. He gave me an antibiotic and seemed to want to get me out of his office as quickly as possible.  I asked if he could help me put his e-collar back on because he had gotten it off in the carrier.  His reply "it's pretty straight forward" and sent me on my way.  I'm so disappointed that I thought we had finally found a great vet and he turned out to be this way.  We will now be on the search for a new vet. I hope no one else has to experience this type of treatment when they are only trying to go out of their way to help homeless animals.
1	I am preparing to travel with small dog and need pricing for health certificate.  I called a few places....when I called here I was told "no pricing over the phone".  What?  Are you kidding?  Not even for the document? How about price for office visit?  NO...she told me no pricing given for ANYTHING over the phone.  I suspect it is on the same lines as a restaurant with no pricing on the menu...I can't afford it.  This was the ONLY place that could not give me a price for a simple office visit or health certificate.
4	After trying several other vets, I finally have found one that seems to have the knowledge, experience and communication methods that I have been searching for. They do not have the typical style of one dimensional diagnosis. They think through any issues a pet is having and present well thought solutions. They also seem to be much less focused on gouging clients with high priced unnecessary tests or procedures. While many vets "say" they do what they do because they love animals, this place shows how they feel by the way that they treat you and your pet. Zero fear based sales efforts like others. I think I have discovered a wonderful place for the heath care of my beloved best friend.
5	Just adopted a dog from RESCUE and needed a veterinarian to do a post adoption exam. I was surprised that I was able to get a same day appointment. Everyone in the office is nice and welcoming. The doc was extremely nice. He sat down with me and answered any questions that I had and gave me suggestions too. You don't see that to often. Couldn't believe that the exam was no charge since I adopted her from a rescue.  The only thing I had to pay for was the vaccinations. Also, if you're bringing your newly adopted dog to this establishment, be sure to bring in a stool sample as well because they will check for parasites test for free as well and it will save you a trip back to deliver it.
5	just adopted a little guy and took him here.  The doctor and staff were so nice.  You get a free exam if he is a rescue!  Definitely bringing snowball back
5	Dr. Clark is the most magnificent vet and human being, who I have ever met! My sixteen year old Scottie, was extremely ill.  I walked in without an appointment and my dog was taken care of immediately, without hesitation.  Dr. Clark was extremely compassionate.  He handled the situation with the attention that it required.  My dog was put to sleep but not before a blood test assured me that his condition was irreversible.  I could not have asked for a more sensitive and caring experience.  I have always had this experience with Dr. Clark over the years.  He turned what could have been a horrific experience into a bearable and necessary experience that ultimately relieved my dog of the extreme pain that he was in.  I left his office knowing that I had done everything I could for my dog and that my dog was cared for and respected in the last moments of his life.
