5	This is a neat little store. Vintage, but more for costumes than normal clothes. I saw lots of dresses, funky hats, and almost bought a pair of shoes (still trying to decide if I want them!) Might be good to check out if you're putting on a play or looking for clothes for a movie, or even if you're serious about a Halloween costume :)The lady here was really nice. The store just opened this week. If you like what I said about it, why not go and see what you might find?
5	Desperately Seeking Susan was just on TV the other day, I couldn't help it, I got sucked in, twice mind you.  I know, I know. Pathetic. But it got me in the mood for a vintage store visit. Anyway, I was leaving Three Amigos (of course) and about wrecked, driving by Tommy's(big ass, all caps HEART) and there was a mannequin out front with a colorful, Spanish Flamenco dress and a bust with ring leader garb.  What the fuck?  Luckily no traffic.  U-turn, waltz right into Backstage.Love. This is a great stop, if you are looking for a Civil war costume, a mink stole, shoes, rhinestone jewelry and frilly, froofy dresses.  You know, the basics.  The official uniform of Charlotte.
4	What a gem! The best part is that they rent any of their fabulous items for one night for just $15. Gorgeous costume jewelry and unique items.
5	I have discovered this wonderful jewel in Plaza Midwood.  What a great place to browse and shop.  It has a bit of everything from fur coats, shoes, purses, and fun stuff you find you don't even know you are looking for!  Judy is the owner and she has an eye for the unusual in antiques and clothing.  This is a must see if you like to find an unusual piece for your wardrobe or need something for a costume dress up.  It is a place you will want to put on your shopping radar!!
5	Backstage Pass not required!  If you believe the World is your stage, do you really want to look just like everyone else and if you do, you could add a unique piece to your wardrobe that suggests something of your personality for all to notice.  When some of my co-workers and I would go out (in "uniform") for Lunch sometimes people would ask us "Do you work in some kind of Circus" and I would say "yes and I'll give you a ticket" (which was my Business card) - In my way of looking at worklife, work/Life or LIFE... if you LOVE what you do and use a talent for hobby or vocation, your costume is your uniform - If you do not like your profession or life your outfit is your Disguise!  Vintage!  This place has Unique: Accessories, Costumes, Uniforms and Disguises!GREAT Place and the Owner makes it even GREATER!  Her wonderful, charming personality makes shopping here a GREAT experience!
5	Cute store and the owners Judy and Dennis are the most fun.  Great selection of outfits for every occasion. They are my new best friends! Thanks guys
5	I go to Tommy's, which is adjacent to this store, all time... late at night... usually with a few drinks in me already. So, I'd never caught Backstage open. But what I saw through the window and bloodshut eyes when I was there, made me want to go back when it was open.We finally made it out yesterday and I am glad we did. The woman greeted us very warmly the second we came in. I went with my fiancee and she was like a kid in Disneyland. Every few seconds either one of us would go, "Oooh! Look at this" or "Wow! Check that out!"Loved the collection of pocket watches and will definitely return for one shortly. The suits, and dresses which line up the store are in amazing condition and truly unique. Steampunk goggles and jewelry, top hats with a deck of cards on it, etc. I was in total overload. No review will give Backstage enough credit for how awesome it is inside. just go check it out.
1	I was so excited to go to this shop as I had driven by a few times and it looked interesting. It was amazing. There were so many cool dresses and the lady was very nice - at first. I wanted to try on some dresses and suddenly she got very uncomfortable and accused us of tearing up her store. She said that this wasn't a "dress up playland" and we should be looking to buy not play around. I was very offended and was planning to purchase some accessories or rent a dress in the future but she has lost my business. Neat store, but I had a horrible experience and do not plan to return.
4	I love this place. One of a kind vintage everything....even radios and telephones. I purchased a smancy little skirt from India and a nice necklace to match. A bit pricey but worth it.  I love the plethora of costumes and accessories which can be rented as well as purchased. Had driven by the place manybtimes and I'm kinda upset that it had taken me so long to drop in.
