1	The reason I am not happy with this place and will NEVER BE BACK to this location is due to the fact that they kinda treat you like a criminal before you even enter the store. Now before I get hate emails let just say yes I did see the sign that said NO PURSES ALLOWED, ONLY WALLETS AND KEYS. I was like huh? I was just at their Glendale location which had the same sign posted, yet EVERYONE (and when I say everyone I mean the 5 ladies that were in the store) had their purse on their shoulder and I do see a lady in this store with her purse as well and I did just come from their Glendale location, hmmm... so you can't be serious right? I mean no purse? What? WRONG!!! I go in and although the young lady behind the counter was friendly enough she did say I am sorry but you are not allowed to bring in your purse. You can however leave it with me and place it in a box behind the counter but you are not going to be able to walk around with it. I was like are you kidding me? You want me to leave my purse with some stranger while I walk around your store? She stated that they have had too many thefts so therefore she had been told to take all purses and bags  from customers as they entered the store. I was like ok but if that is the case what about the other lady that is in the store with her purse. She was like oh  hmm ok and proceeded to ask the lady AFTER THE FACT (I am not going to point out the obvious on this one). Needless to say that customer said I am not leaving my purse with you and walked out and I did the same. I am sorry that your store is having a theft problem but maybe if some of your staff walked around and were not sitting behind the counters, that may help. Don't treat everyone like criminals and make sure to that if you are going to enforce the rule, make sure to enforce this rule with EVERYONE and not just some. Its like going to Walmart and they say " I am sorry but you will have to leave your purse with me while you shop and when you are ready to check out then you can get it back" Hmm no. So Chris and Sue Lee, I know its your business and you can run it any way you want but just make sure to be fair to everyone and not just some and make sure that if you are going to have a rule like NO PURSES OR BAGS ALLOWED to enforce it at both stores. As I stated yes I did see the sign that was posted but after coming from your Glendale location and seeing the (5) ladies in that store with their purses before I even entered, I didn't think anything of it ( and yes I had my purse their too and was never questioned) Not all your customers are criminals and it shame that you have to treat us like such.
5	I stopped by this United Beauty Supply on an impulse.  I had not been to any UnitedBeauty Supply in many years due to a negative experience in the past.  I was  looking for a wig stand and located what I needed.  While in the store, I noticed the selection of wigs.  I am an African American woman with alopecia, I have recently had to transition to wearing wigs full time.  I have only ordered wigs on-line due to being self conscience and not wanting to try wigs on in public.  One of the saleswomen, Brandi, came over and began to assist me.  I was hesitant and she put me at ease and took me to a mirror in the back of the store. She had me select wigs and try on my choices.  She selected wigs for me that I would not have chosen for myself.  Once I tried them on, I was surprised that they looked good on me.  Not only did they look good in the store, but I have received consistent compliments on my "do."  I purchased both wigs that she chose for me.The negative experience that I had in the past kept me out of this store and the positive experience I had with Brandi will bring me back.  Thank you Brandi,You are an asset to this business.Sincerely,Pamela B.
4	Went here looking for a straight razor refill, the good quality kind, with the GF, when we first walked in she was asked kindly to leave her bag at the counter, which she gladly did (i think so i couldn't sucker her in to paying) I am glad i did not have my satchel on.The worker explained to me the differences between razors and what i ended up leaving with was a safety razor, which i am extremely happy with.  Not only was it cheaper than what i was originally looking for, but i like using it better, the weight makes shaving an event and not a task.  She also helped me find a nice shaving brush and lather.I would return, but not sure why i would need to, i got what i wanted!
