4	The Sorrento Room Restaurant in Las Vegas is a hidden gem.  We love this place!  It is located in the Italian American Club building but it is open to the public-no membership needed.   It still has a vintage feel to  it and is one of the few old Vegas type restaurants.  The food is always fabulous and everyone we have recommended has had a great meal and time here. There is a large ballroom next to the bar and sometimes bands will play there.  Often on Wed-Sat nights there is a lounge singer and maybe a small band performing in the bar.  I HIGHLY recommend this place.  IT IS NOT a fancy place -but very good just the same.  Lots of regular customers have been comin g here for years.
5	What a great meal and a great night! We dressed up in vintage and went and had a ball. We started with drinks at the full bar. Our bartendress was jovial and knew her craft. Once we were seated, the service staff was unfussy, professional yet friendly, and perfect. We ordered the Calamari, Artichokes Franchese and Buffalo Mozzerella appetizers. The artichokes were so good I asked to changed my main dish to them over some angel hair pasta, which they graciously obliged. Everyone of us loved their meal (I have to admit, I was so into my meal that I forgot to check out what everyone else was having) and the portions were large enough to have the leftovers for lunch the next day (still fantastic!). No one left a scrap. The entertainer was as lovely woman who played classic hits with her electric organ and played some very dance-able hits from the 70s and earlier. We've decided this place it a must-see every single frickin' time we're back in Vegas.They have a large parking lot right out front, too.
5	This place is by far one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. The average age of the clientele is probably about 63 but don't let that scare you away! Membership is not required although it will get you some discounts depending on your level. I think you may actually have to have some Italian in you to be a member, too bad for me :( Take a seat at the bar and enjoy cheap drinks and free snack mix. The juke box has a nice selection of old timers and if you're there on Wednesdays they almost always have some type of entertainment. Sometimes the place gets pretty movin with a lot of people dancing in the bar area. After a few brewskis why not have some dinner too! The food is great and also affordably priced. Hope to see you there!
4	We had a blast at the It-Am Supper Club! When I was there, we paid $10 cover to eat at a table inside the stage room/dance hall area, where a retro cover band was performing merrily. The singer was joined by several other singers including a guy who used to tour with the Del Vikings; Jackie Wilson's son; and some other eccentric and aging Vegas showmen. The vibe of the place was total mafioso, including our casually flustered server and the young men sitting at the bar who greeted us as if they owned the place, which maybe they do. We didn't come for the food, but it was quite acceptable basic Italian-American fare.  Go for the gawking and the music!
5	Absolutely loved going there. The food was awesome, the waiter was funny, and the atmosphere was very cool. We heard great stories about the clubs hay day. We also heard about the ghost that haunts the club. I would highly recommend going there. Don't be surprised if your food comes out in shifts because the kitchen is small and they want to get the food right. It's well worth the wait. If you do go ask, to have Joe as your waiter he is a riot. He looks like an Elvis impersonator, side burns and all. This was my first trip to Vegas, and when I go back this will defiantly be a stop.
5	The IAC restaurant has reopened! It was closed for almost 2 months due to a management change. I heard the man who owns Gilligans Hideaway runs the restaurant and bar now. We had already had dinner elsewhere last night, so we stuck our heads in to see if the restaurant was back and also saw Sheila was back with Karaoke and ended up drinking and singing for a few hours. ZAZZ!
4	If anyone had told me that I, a Jewish girl from Brooklyn and former hippie, would be living in Vegas and watchin a '30s-'40's swing show in the Italian-American Social Club, I'd think they'd just arrived on the first flight from Mars.  There's just no end to the Secrets of Sin City!How'd we get there?  An offering from LV House Seats.  It was definitely not my speed, but the description was intriguing.  And, they serve dinner (optional), so we figured we could kill two birds with one bocce ball.Aside from the fact that the average age of the audience was the wrong side of 75 (the saxophone player is 96 - and I am, to plagiarize Dave Barry, NOT making this up), the show was delightful. The reason for the offer was because the second part of the show was being taped for TV and will be seen on some local cable station - which one escapes me - in a few weeks.Jeanne Brei was the singer and star of the show, which runs the first Thursday of every month.   She's a pro - a woman of a certain age with a great voice and more energy than a 10-year-old.  The band is incredibly talented and date back to the very beginning of Vegas history - the sax player played with Benny Goodman, and all the other "youngsters" probably have a combined 200 years of experience.  She and the band are known as the Speakeasy Swingers.  Though listening to music such as "Pennies from Heaven" is definitely not my cup of Chianti, the show was very enjoyable.  There's also a large dance floor, populated mostly with a few professional dancers, but some regular couples got up to dance, too, though not the 95-year-old woman in the wheelchair who used to do solo flying.  The second part of the show, the one that'll be shown on TV, featured Jeanne, a talented tap dance duo, and solos by a couple of very good singers.But this is Yelp, so now to the food.  It was mostly terrific.  And no surprise - Italian!  I ordered Chicken Marsala.  I couldn't see the chicken, because it was buried under more mushrooms than I've ever seen on this dish - dark, woodsy, mushrooms in an authentic and rich Marsala sauce.  The same sauce, with even more mushrooms, covered the perfectly-cooked linguine served alongside it.  Hubby had Chicken Piccata, and it, too, was different - it was garnished with beautiful THINGS:  were they uncured olives? capers on steroids?  They're not my thing, so I couldn't tell, but my husband sure loved them.  Both entrees came with a small, unremarkable dinner salad in an unfortunate styrofoam bowl, and the bread, which should have been as wonderful as the food, was awful.  I think there's no cover for the show, and the fact that it was offered on LV House Seats was merely to ensure an audience for the taped portion.  Sometime during the evening a gentleman walked around with a basket collecting contributions "for the band."The large room is, no surprise, very dated - probably dates back to the Bugsy era, and there's a full bar in a completely separate room, with a juke box.This is surely worth a trip - for the entertainment, the food, and the nostalgia of a bygone era.  And you can even go for free Salsa lessons on the other Thursdays!!
5	WOW !My honey & I came here last night.  It was such a fabulous place.  Been wanting to try it out since it reopened.....finally went & was a rewarding experience.Jason was our waiter.  Straight from Milano.  His father is the exec chef & does a great job.The house Chianti was priced at $5.00 DelishEGGPLANT PARMThickest piece of eggplant ever, served with pasta & a stout hearty red sauce ! omg jealous because my honey had it.  Linguine Shrimp Scampi was huge & the shrimp were large.We usually have salad at dinner, but decided to try their soups....holy shit, Pasta faggole was the best Ive ever had.  We also tried the potato & leeks soup....very hearty.I cant wait to go back.  The staff is so nice, the food is fabulous & the pricing is great.Plus I can smoke in the bar after 10pm.  BONUSIf I ever get married, I'm having my wedding there.  I just decided.
3	Good music and dancers on Thursday Salsa & Club Night.
3	came here for a peruvian festival. there was a security guard at the door and started to frisk me when i told him i had a knife. no knives. =P after i put my knife away i met up with amanda and her family. honestly i dont remember half of the things i ordered but they were all really good. the festival was great! musica was a little loud. hard to talk to people. but the review is for the actual building itself.
2	Creepy experience, I'm not much for blast from the past old Vegas stuff. Food was meh at best, bordering on unedible as my wife couldn't eat more than 1/4 of her meal she disliked it that much, I didn't even attempt a taste test. I was supposed to have a steak topped with mushrooms, I was wondering where the steak was and its flavor, should've been called "single flavor profile mushroom gravy dish with a steak in there somewhere, probably not".. Location is prime..... Almost got mugged in the parking lot. No wonder don't go anywhere near that area...ever.
4	Great fun place , live music when they are open at night. Much friendlier than a chain , a unique place to eat Dave
5	This is my new favorite place in Las Vegas.  A friend took us there and the food was fabulous.  I make my own sauce so I usually don't try it out.  But, this place is the exception.  The food is fabulous, the service is the best ever, great prices and entertainment too!!  Forget all those places on the strip, go here. You will not be disappointed and you will return.
5	Without a doubt, the Italian American Club has the best, restaurant, Italian food in Las Vegas. We've been there several times since it re-opened, and we have never been disappointed. Plus, we've taken friends and family and recommended it to several people, and they have become repeat customers. The food is expertly prepared; the service is impeccable; the entertainment is terrific, and the people are extraordinarily friendly. If you're looking for a place to have fun and excellent Italian cuisine, try it --  you will not be disappointed.
4	Went for a business dinner.  The inside is def old school with autographed pics of celebs on the walls, but that adds to the coolness of the place.  There's live entertainment, but it's not loud; just classy.The waiter was top notch with his service and suggestions for wine and entrees.  The wine was very good that he brought out.  I had veal picatta;  it's hard to find good veal but this was great.  Very tender and flavorful.  The picatta sauce was very good as well.  Had pasta on the side and the red sauce was good.  Not my sauce, but good.  The two gents that I was with enjoyed their meals as well.The whole experience was very nice and we were not rushed in the least.I'll be back with my wife (who is Italian).
5	Stepping into the "historic" Italian American Club is like taking a step back in time; 1960's Vegas (without the cigarettes).  This is a classy and classic restaurant where people still get dressed up for a nice evening out.  I was there to watch a friend perform as well as dinner.  I felt welcomed from the moment I walked in.  I sat at the bar, had a good dinner and a couple of drinks.  The President of the Club also stopped by and intoduced himself as well as the manager/owner of the restaurant.  Very good food, very good drinks, very good people.  Classy!  I was there in April 2014.
5	Hidden gem in Vegas. It has been around for several years and doesn't get the attention it deserves. I went this last Saturday night and they had live music and had the house-made pasta dish, IAC Amatriciana. Definitely coming back for the pasta! I don't think there is a dress code but it is A LOT classier than most joints in town. Reservations are strongly encouraged.
4	This is the way it is suppose to be in Las Vegas. I will take business clients and my wife here so they see I know where all the locals go and for good reason. The waiter was excellent and this place makes you feel like family with the best live singing I have heard at anyplace. It doesn't get better than great food & great music it will blow your mind as you see what new vegas is missing! This is what vegas should be all about. The Ramsey's and other celebrity chefs could learn about making a special night not just churn em and burn em out of your troff. Thanks for keeping it real special
1	Portions have gotten very small, and the food is very salty,especially the marina sauce.Very disappointed this time. Greg the great waiter was mysteriously off on a Sunday nite. Hum, I hope he is still their. We have been their several time"s and been highly recommending the IAC, but no more. We will betraying Rao"s, Carmine"s , and other"s. Warren the waiter tell"s you dishes. You "ll love, r u kidding me. He tried to Push "Pork Parmiagana", on Us. We Don"t eat Pork, Not Healthy. Oh their Broccoli was COLD, and seemed like it wasFrozen Broccoli. NOT GOOD. The Ben Calimaria,was Very Soggy. Very Disappointed in the POOR FOOD Quality.  The VEAL DISH, was NOT ENOUGH TO FILL MY CAVITY. We Left HUNGRY. EXPENSIVE AND VERY SMALL SALTY ! PORTION"S !,, Trying Other Italian Hidden Gems. Their OLD REPUTATION DOE"S NO GOOD FOR OUR STOMACH &  APPETITE! And WALLET.Forget The Repution, How about  THE FUTURE ? Go Back to Greatness,and then we will come back. VERY SAD & DISAPPOINTED! No More.
5	Just love this place and it's food!  Not only is the food fantastic the service is great.  We never had to go without drinks for too long and everyone there was so nice.  They had free entertainment and it was an all around nice experience.
5	This has become our place to go........2-3 times a week. Benny's calamari is one of our favorites and the pasta dishes are perfect every time.  No matter what you order they prepare it to your specifications.  They have live music every night with one of our favorite singers, Carmine Mandia, along with other fantastic strip entertainers .  Oh yes, the cosmo's and lemoncello  are yummy.   Ben and Jimmy are the perfect hosts.
5	This place is a must!!! If you'd like to return to old school Vegas...well this is the place! Entertainment while you eat, atmosphere awesome, service, & food!!! This is a place you can talk about till your tongue falls off, but you have to be there! So...GO
5	Great place for date night.   We had dinner before California Suite at the Onyx.  Our server was fantastic.  We started with warm delicious bread, one with garlic and one without - both MMMMMMMM good.  It was served with 3 butters, plain, olive and pesto. Nice touch. I had the salad special.  OMG!  Chopped with prosciutto, olives, tomatoes and topped with parsnips, it was one best salads I have ever eaten!  And they didn't drown it... just the right amount of their flavorful house dressing.  The BF had the classic Caesar which was served in a delicious salty Parmigiano-Reggiano bowl (I am doing this at home soon!)  ANOTHER nice touch!  The BF had the Shrimp Fra Diavolo.  Huge shrimp in a fresh spicy red sauce.  I had the Pork Milanese special.  The pork chops were pounded thin and huge (the h is definitely silent).  Served with greens and potatoes, they were more than the both of us could handle.  Too stuffed for dessert (big sad faces), we capped our meal off with two espressos.  We loved the family atmosphere!  Will be back!!
4	Finally decided to give this place a try after reading all the positive Yelp reviews and we are looking for a venue for our wedding reception. Upon arrival, the parking lot was packed.  Luckily, there was extra parking to the side. The entrance was a large area, which would be ideal for receiving guests.  To the right of the hostess podium, there is a huge banquet room with a stage.  I believe that room can easily seat 100 people. We were quickly greeted by a hostess and were seated right away.  They have several "dining rooms."  One of which was the "lounge" - it houses the bar and the live music area.  We were seated in the room next to the lounge.  Andrea, our server, introduced herself within minutes of us being seated and took our order of the bottle of Sangiovese!. Bread and butter were served as soon as the wind arrived.  I thought the basil flavored butter was the best; the bread basket also had three different types of bread - all very good, especially the garlic bread stick. We ordered the escarole & bean and sauteed calamari as appetizers.  The escarole & bean was delicious.  The sauteed calamari was also good; the size of the $12 dish was enough to serve a table of four! For entrees, we had the veal Parmesan and penne rustica.  The veal parmesan was superb!  The tomato sauce tasted delicious.  The penne rustica was a bit salty, but the penne was perfectly cooked al dente. Overall, the food and experience were excellent.  I had to deduct one star for the salty penne and they took the bread away when the entrees arrived.  We will definitely be coming back soon!
5	This is REAL Italian Vegas Style. The waiters are awesome and the food is better. What a great place.
5	Couldnt have asked for anything better! Lots of love to the staff. They made me feel special and like I was the only person they were there to care for all night!  I wouldnt have had our wedding anywhere else
5	Wow. Old school awesome. The chicken picata was amazing!
5	We had a delicious dinner and great sevice. The menu is varied and prices are reasonable. It is very tastefully  decorated and we loved the candlelight and live music. Dressy attire was mostly seen, however we were very casual and treated wwll.
4	Can't be beat I love this place. Just a good old school Vegas hangout . Not too many left in town. From what I understand they just went through a recent renovation so the place looks fresh and clean.
5	The food was great. We had chicken parm, pasta, double cut bone in pork chops, bread pudding all great.  Topped off with a fire ball, compliments of the owner. If you want to eat where. The old Vegas regulars,  mob and rat pack ate, this is the place . Greg,  our waiter, was very attentive and had terrific menu knowledge.
5	So glad dinner here was part of my Vegas experience.  Unlike so many of the nostalgic joints in Vegas, this place is immaculate.  The service is old world personal and totally attentive.  A warm welcome is given to all by management and the food is authentic and fairly priced.  Live music makes a dinning experience at the Italian American Club something extra special.  I almost expected to see Sinatra himself sitting at the bar, apparently he was previously engaged!!!
5	This restaurant is by far one of the special gems of Las Vegas, which should not be missed!  If you are nostalgic for the Vegas of yesteryear, then search no further.  The decor, service and food is outstanding!  This is one of the few restaurants that has live entertainment and consistently draws top notch performers.  Warren is the most thoughtful waiter, who anticipates your every need.  We brought a large party of 22 people there last night and it was simply a treat for all of us.  Many thanks again to Warren!
5	A restaurant unusual, everything is OK, the kitchen, the service and the atmosphere of a delicacy irreproachable, ravioli has hmmmm Truffle. N Let no dessert. We went to enter Friends, c was very nice. A The recommader, If you are in Chicago, he absolutely Made a visit, you will not be disappointed, c is very original
5	IAC has become one of our favorite restaurants to go to. As a local, you never wanna go to the Strip and pay Strip-price for something that tastes like Olive Garden, sorry, Olive Garden fans. We have returned about half a dozen times since my first review and have brought friends and family; we have absolutely enjoyed every single times we have been. The food has always hit the spot and we haven't ran into anymore salty penne or bread-less entrees since. Again, if you're looking for good Italian food in an old school Las Vegas setting, you need to come to the IAC.
5	I have been to the Italian American Club quite a few times for the entertainment and the food.  I have to say this is the Best Italian Restaurant in Vegas by far. I have had a few different dishes, and enjoyed it very much, very tasty.Real Authentic Italian Food.  Trust me I know.   This is coming from an Italian who was born and raised in Bronx, NY, and I also cook Italian Food.  I highly recommend it.  You will not be disappointed. There service is great.  A very friendly and classy atmosphere.  The entertainment is also great.
5	We have done it!  We are officially members of the Italian American Social Club!!  OK, I lied; my HUSBAND is officially member... Another lie, he APPLIED yesterday and is awaiting for their approval...  But yes!  He will almost be a member!We have returned many times since my last review, but our visit last night definitely called for an updated review on last night's specials - the calamari steak!  It was perfectly cooked; not too raw and not too cooked.  The thickness was thicker than we are normally used to, but no complaint there because it was perfectly cooked!  Sitting on top of a bed of spinach and lightly roasted smashed potatoes, it was the perfect dish.  I secretly wished I had order the same thing so I could eat the whole steak by myself!  There's no denying it; I am going to be ordering the calamari steak the next time they have it on the menu and you should too!
