5	I am Italian, originally form New York and consider myself as a pizza aficionado. I work on Mill Ave and when a new restaurant opens I am always eager to check it out, especially a pizza and Italian kitchen. I stopped by on Paisan's opening day and and was greeted by the friendly staff. I ordered peperoni pizza and was not disappointed. The slices NY style, big and ready for the fold. Yesterday, I tried the Veggie Delight Calzone and it was delicious. The calzone is filled with red & green peppers, onions, olives, garlic, mushrooms tomatos and served with a side marinara. The veggies were soft but still had a snap and the dough was crisp but not overdone. I am looking forward to coming back to try the bruschetta, bottomless bowl of pasta, and chicken parm.  "la buona cucina"
4	I just went there with 4 co-workers for lunch.  Everybody was happy with their food, which was: pizza, Stromboli (yummy) and calzones (huge).  The staff was friendly and the prices are fair.The only negative is a lack of seating.  Just note in advance that there is only counter seating inside.  This would be a great place to grab something to go.
5	I only had the pizza.  The staff was very nice and smiled.  I like the window in the kitchen.  It is always nice to see the preparation of your food.  The slices are large,  maybe a little too large.  They do fold nice.  It is nice to see a new option on Mill.  I was growing tired of Slices.  I will be back to try the rest of the menu.
1	Let's start with "barf".  No way is this place 5 stars.  We first walk in to this sweaty , incredibly hot box of a restaurant and knew we had been fooled from the get go.  After being denied water, we were told we could grab a drink from the small cooler in the middle of this shit box.  We had to send the pizza back twice due to being under cooked.  The service was the pits.   I KNOW PIZZA as we take a family pizza friday every week at a different location.   If it wasnt for our starving son we would have walked out.  We decided to tough it out and eat that slop.  Rumor is that the owner does not even have a license to operate.  I cannot confirm any of these rumors, but I figure its true.  Thumbs down to this place.
5	It pains me to say it, but we may be going here instead of Slices for a late night slice from now on.Their pizza is great. There was some nice, spicy sausage on mine. We were told to come here by a friend that bartends at Rula. She told us their food was great, cant wait to go back and try the rest of their menu.
1	These ignorant people have no concept of city property or the right to a clear sidewalk. They are incapable of staying inside their assigned patio space, and instead grab land at a bus stop to place tables and block our freedom of movement. Right after this joint opened up, a bus bench mysteriously became unbolted and teleported to an inconvenient location, allowing this joint to place more tables outside. It makes sense, there is no air conditioning or even a mister system for the patio. Who wants to eat lousy pizza in 110-degree heat? Just kidding, I never tasted their pizza and sometimes it gets down to 88 degrees here. But these adult babies will have a big problem with the City of Tempe if they continue to treat public property like it was their very own sandbox.
1	My huge mistake was trusting the reviews from people who only have 1 review for this place and no friends to their name. Screams workers or owner created accounts, because there is no way actual people think this is a great pizza place. However, I did not notice that because I was using the mobile app and it doesn't list that info beside the reviewers name. We came here hungry from Pop Culture Paradise and instead of going to the old standby's: Chuck Box, Tessio's Pizza, Otto's, or Jaime's Pizza, we wanted to try something new. There was no free parking so we also had to pay $5 for parking. The doors were wide open with no air conditioning inside, no tables only barstools with a narrow bar table against the wall. There is sitting outside on regular tables but it's too hot outside right now for that. *Pizza sauce had no flavor*Cheese tasted only mildly like mozzarella which was weird*Onions we got on our pizza were slimy and undercooked, gross*Garlic? what garlic? we ordered it, but the taste of it was to be found nowhereThe only positives was that the pizza was huge and the employees were friendly. The only time in history I threw away pizza leftovers.
4	THis is a nice slice. We got 2 monster pepperoni slices for 6 bucks last night around 11pm. I'm a New Yorker, so folding is a must and these babies were fully in the fold. A small amount of grease was also present which felt like home. Oregeno (which should appear on the pizza) and parmesan were readily available as well. This place probably is just outside the top 10 slices outside of New York and i only had one beer in me so my judgement was not impaired. Stick to the basics cause a true NY doesn't get all those fancy toppings on their slice.
5	Just happened to walk by and saw the huge new york size slices and decided to try it. Staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Pizza was excellent, we bought a can of root beer and they were out. The cashier paid the difference for a bottle, that was really nice service.  I am strongly against tipping for food service, but I would tip these guys. This is my new pizza spot and I would highly recommend it you everyone else.
2	Must have been an off night at this place. It seems really hard for a place to put together two consecutive good meals. Once again, I ordered two pepperoni slices, but this time it was too go. Well, the entire bottom of the slices were burnt, which I could not have noticed until I got home. One of the slices tasted old and frumpy and a slice can't possibly be heated up in 15 seconds can it? Another pizza pretender shows its true colors.
3	My friends and I came here after Soundwave.  My friends got pepperoni slices and I got the combination.  Their slices were cheaper, where mine was $5.  Mine was good (not great great) for a hungry person.  My pizza was thin-crusted and pretty greasy. One of my friends wanted some of mine but I said no because his pizza sucked and mine just looked better  LOL  Overall, we got a small and large water bottle and 3 slices of pizza for $15.  We also had some entertainment from the streets as we sat in the outside seating area.  Someone was playing Gangnam Style, a song I rarely learned about that weekend.  I thought it was a wrestling move lmao.  So out of tune...
4	You DO realize the entire premise of this place is to feed your drunk ass at 2AM? I mean, not to discredit the culinary expertise of Paisan's--we just know intoxicated pedestrians lured by the wafting aroma of a pizza parlor are a major revenue source for them. Maybe I'm just the first to expose that fact in Yelp form?I don't think you realize how much effort it takes for me to appreciate the spice of their slices after umpteen jagerbombs. Sober Taric fears what toppings like buffalo chicken might taste like to fully functional taste buds. See? It's TAILORED to drunk palates.I also appreciate any establishment that allows creativity from employees. When you say "Hey...our dudes just invented this pizza, wanna give it a try?" I'm game every time. And it was delicious.The coolest part might have been the cashier yelling out to me from half a block down the road, just to let me know I forget my iced tea. I sure as hell needed that, so much appreciated. I'm sure they have other great options like calzones and stuff, but honestly, I'll never be around to see their day operations. After last call there's no telling where I might end up. But when last call is on Mill Ave, I'm not gonna lie--this ain't half bad.
4	They've officially converted a once lover of Slices on Mill Ave. Based on the yelp reviews I was hesitant to visit and was actually headed to Ncounter but with my lunch hour quickly dwindling I decided to stop in for one slice a pizza. I'm happy I did! The crust was soft and chewy, the cheese, sauce and pepperoni was surprisingly flavorful. I added a dash of red pepper flakes for a little heat and it was perfect! When I finished my slice I even considered getting another one. Also, one of the employees, I didn't get to catch her name was extremely nice and helpful. I enjoyed chatting with her about our east coast roots!Good pizza plus great customer equals a happy customer. Whenever I'm craving pizza on my lunch break, this will be my new go-to spot!
4	I'm a fan. This place serves some large slices of NY Style pizza (not always easy to find off the East Coast, I'm learning). It's conveniently located downtown and open pretty late. How late? I don't know. I don't stay up as late as I used to. But I came in after an evening with coworkers and they were still open. I'm guessing it was pretty late. How late? I just told you I don't know!Very large slices abound, here. They heat them up for you, too. My personal recommendation is the BBQ Chicken Pizza. It's excellent. Customer service is friendly, too. And there's a TV in there if you want to hang out for a while. I just got mine to go. And ate it back in my hotel room. Like a sad loner guy. *sniff*The only thing that was a little "off" was I ordered a Diet Coke and they didn't have it. I ordered a diet anything, and they only had full on sugar drinks. Ginger Ale, Coke, Mt Dew, and others. But no diet. Maybe they were just out? I figured hey, it's a pizza place, not a diet soda place. So I won't hold that against them. Great pizza!
1	FUGGHET ABOUT IT! I personally know one of the male cooks who works there and from what he tells me the pizzas are left out way past holding times, no one uses gloves, money is touched then the same hands touch pizza. You couldn't give that to me for free! Yuck.
1	Ordered a pizza and wings at 6:30 PM. Was told it would be here in 30-40 minutes. An hour and 20 minutes go by and it finally shows up. Burnt Wings, cold/undercooked pizza with the wrong toppings. Called back to complain and they said I was being rude because I was asking to get the right pizza. They agreed to send me the right one and it would be here in 30 minutes...they wanted to "make it right". An hour later and the guy calls me back asking me if I still want him to make it. Says he is there alone or something. This pizza place is not an establishment I will be getting food from again. I would advise against it for everyone reading this review. Just call Gus' Pizza instead...at least they get the same thing to your house on time and right all the time.Waste of 3 hours...and I still don't know if it is gonna get here before midnight.
4	Had a quick bite to eat here with a friend. Awesome NY style pizza!
2	Went to this place last night around 1 AM after going to a couple bars on Mill.  I order a slice for myself and for my friend, pay (8$ for two slices seems expensive), then ask for a cup of water.  The waiter tells me that they dont have any cups.  WTF kinda **** is that?  You cant give a customer a cup of water?  So I tell him about the law in AZ and he laughs.  I hear him telling the other employee in the back about what I said and hear them laughing at me.  Cheap fks cant give me water and they are laughing at me?  The pizza was edible but not very good.  Will go to Slices next time where they do give water.
3	I was rooting for this place when we walked by... but it didn't do much for me. The slices are HUGE, which is a plus... but when the pizza is cold, it doesn't matter how big the slice is. It's not bad for drunk food... wouldn't repeat, though.
