2	UPDATE: 5/2008They changed their menu due to hiring a new cook. I assume the old cook is gone. The dishes here just don't taste like before. This restaurant is no longer one of my favorite. My favorite chinese restaurant in Las Vegas would have to be Ping Pong Pang then.-----------------------This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas area. I have been there countless number of times. The prices are reasonable around $10-$15 per dish. My favorite dishes is the Beef brisket hot pot. Another dish I like is the three-cups chicken in hot pot. Most dishes taste quite authentic, especially those 'hot pot' menu items. However, some dishes like Ma Po Tofu look and taste nothing like they way they should.The vegetable dishes are good too. One reason I like the food here is because the vegetables here seem to be washed thoroughly.
4	This restaurant is beautifully decorated and the food is consistently good though hardly authentic.   It was also on sale at  1/2 points for the month of December.  We shared orders of cashew chicken and seafood and tofu hot pot.  The hot pot included a mix of scallops, shrimp, mussels and whitefish.
2	Ate here once.  Had a wait for a table (no problem there), so was expecting something reasonably good.  Once seated, the quality of food made it seem strange that there was any wait at all.Food was about the quality of Panda Express, perhaps even worse (and I am not a fan of Panda Express), clearly prepared from frozen pre-made items, with that sweet cornstarch-like glaze of a sauce.Was not expecting authentic Chinese food, but was expecting something of reasonable quality.  This food quality was poor.Nice interior design in a nice casino, which is some of what drew me here in the first place.  Food and service did not deliver on the potential here.I recall the service was relatively poor - slow and inattentive.
1	I am writing this not because I ate the food here but because I had to leave. It was my birthday and my son and I went to the movies and then decided it would be cool to spend some more time together and grab some dinner. No one, repeat no one greeted us and no one wanted to take our order. I won't return.
1	You have to have some set of balls to have the word "spice" in your name and put out food as bland as this place does! It's like it all came out of the same buffet leftover tupperware. Worst chinese food I have ever had. Service was just average at best. When I can say Panda Express is way better than this place (and that's not saying anything), I suggest you eat ANYWHERE else.
2	I just came to this restaurant for a wedding dinner. I have to say that the decor is nice and it looked promising. Granted the dished may or may not have come off the traditional menu. Actually they must not have because it seems like many of the "traditional" chinese dishes were not translated correctly on our menus. The food was ehh not worth remembering. I wouldn't recommend this place for anyone. Well I suppose if you just want to grub real quick or something then maybe, otherwise the food was sub par. Service... sub parGranted this was a wedding dinner that consisted of say 35 people? I thought service would be much better, however I guess I just don't know what to expect. We asked the waitress what dishes she was bringing out. She did not know 1 of them.. disappointing. But then again the food wasn't good so I guess who cares what we're eating right?Will not return. sorry!
2	This place was the restaurant my uncle chose for his daughters wedding dinner. The decor is nice and the volume of the music is not too loud or too soft. However the reason I gave them such a low rating was for plenty of faults. Pros: decor, music, and atmosphere. This place has a lot of potential to be successful with an Asian authentic cuisine. Cons: food was suppose to be some asian fusion for more of the Caucasian population. But I think this worked against them. The waiters couldn't even explain to me what we had been served. The food tasted below average to me. The drive is decently far from the strip. Like I said maybe if there was quality food in sizable portions and knowledgeable competent waiters  this place has a huge amount of potential. Maybe in a few months I'll check it out when I come back.
4	Yum! Nice staff too.
2	Ok, it's a Chinese restaurant in a Las Vegas hotel so I was pretty sure it wasn't going to be particularly authentic. Actually check that, there's a Chinese place in the Palace Station hotel that really is quite good. Anyway, dinner started off well enough when they brought out fried wonton strips and sweet and sour (I'm a sucker for fried wonton skins!). We shared the wonton soup, yang chow fried rice and crispy garlic chicken. The fried rice was really bland and the crispy garlic chicken had an overly sweet sauce that could easily have been orange chicken, general tso's chicken or any other goopy sugar sauce covered chicken. The wonton soup was the best dish of the night with lots of meat, veggies and huge meatball sized wontons.Service was alright, but it seemed like a pretty slow Monday night. Prices are in the $10-$15 range for most dishes, which is not as bad as I was expecting for a hotel restaurant. I'd probably head across the street to PF Chang's before I come back here.
2	So so oriental main stream oriental via mediocre casino cafe environment. Not a fan.
3	Inside Green Valley Ranch hotel. Good menu and food is solid and you'll get a good chinese meal in a nice atmosphere with good prices. Only open for dinner which doesnt work because I like chinese for lunch and work close by.
3	This place had decent pot stickers and pad thai. The fried wonton strips with spicy mustard and sweet and sour sauce were a nice touch. I thought the service was friendly and attentive. 3.5 stars.
5	I went here on Sunday (5/6) with my family. This place got 5 stars because of the really cute host they have working there...otherwise 3 stars. lol.Food was good as well.
3	So if you're out at Green Valley Ranch and are looking for a place to eat after a few drinks like we were, then this is it.  The price is reasonable for Casino food the portions are large I suggest family style.Some will say it is not authentic but if you're  looking for authentic I recommend Chinatown I spend a lot of time down there, this is not Chinatown.  Their dishes have been tamed down some for the american pallet but still quite good.   We ordered the BBQ pork quite nice with the spicy mustard dipping sauce but the sauce is a bit more then horse radishy (bring a kleenex) then spicy so be careful.  My boyfriend got the beef and broccoli, sauce was good broccoli was fresh lots of ginger and garlic.  I got the chicken udon with bok choy and scallions.  Good chicken nice sauce to spread through the noodles and I gotta love the boc choy.So here is the kicker my favorite part of the meal, when your out with friends tastes vary you always have one or two who want something the others don't.  So I found out if you order from here you can get other menu items from the nearby restaurants.  So we added sliders from Hanks for the table and another item for a friend.  I thought that was a great thing!  Now everyone is happy!Like I said this is not chinatown but with certain friends we do not have that option.  So I enjoyed my meal and really wanted to share about being able to order off certain other menus in there area!
1	This is quite possibly the worst Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas.  No, it is the worst.I am still pissed off 3 days later.  Funny thing is they didn't do anything wrong in particular - I just get pissed spending money on crappy food!The menu had Limited menu choices - in other words the top ten Americanized Chinese dishes and that is it.I ordered a garlic chicken.  Deep fried chicken nuggets in a sweet sauce with garlic.  Way to sweet, nothing savory in this dish, no balance, and the garlic didn't go with the sauce.  It was just a mess.The menu prices were $12-$15 for less than average common Chinese food.  The teryaki chicken at my kids junior high tastes better!  The bill for 2 people was $37.  Not expensive , but for what you get it sucks!What really rubbed my rhubarb the wrong way is there is a Panda Express in the food court.  The food at Panda Express is better (I do not say this lightly)!  We could have went to Panda and spent about $15 for 2 people and ate better!!Damn it! I am getting more upset as I write this.
1	SALTY....ordered Mongolian beef, very salty, Chow main noodles were either old or not cooked completely but again lots of  SALT.  2 other dishes not worth mentioning were also salty.  I usually salt my food but this was not edible.  It was takeout so we were stuck with really bad food.  Star is for service, they were very nice in taking our order for takeout.
3	Although the menu is pretty generic, the food is good and the servers are always wonderful. The filet of sole is fantastic though it's huge! No draft beers but a decent selection of Asian bottled beers.
5	China spice rocks!!!! We recommend the honey glaze walnut prawns Hong kong style chicken chowmein and the BBQ roasted duck!!!! Delicious!!!!!!  Servers are awesome & very attentive!!!!
2	Mediocre chinese food; it wasn't bad, but it wasn't unique.  The host and my waitress were nice, but we waited long for our food; about 30-45 minutes for 4 dishes for 3 people.
2	Not too shabby for PF Chang like cuisine.  However, I am rating this as a Chinese restaurant so please take that into consideration.a.  Food - The food here is focused on the American palate and taste, so if you like beef broccoli, mongolian beef, cashew chicken, chow mein, wonton soup, pot stickers and fried rice, this is the place for you. However, for authentic Chinese cuisine, this does not compare at all.  In fact, most of the food here on this menu you can find at near 40% lower prices at any other Chinese fast food take out place.  So, if you like the American style food, I give this 4 star, if you like authentic Chinese, I give this 2 star.  b.  Price - 10-15.00 per plate, I think that this is a bit over priced, and the taste is not so different than the Chinese food they have at the buffet, so I give the price a 2 star. c.  Ambiance - Very nice, authentic looking place, they have a very nice room in the back for parties. I think you could fit 30 people onto three tables.  This is very nice.  5 Star!d.  Service - I was there with a larger party of about 15 people and the servers / wait staff advised us to order two soups per table for the amount we had. That was a HUGE mistake because one soup bowl can probably hold 2-3 quarts of soup and so there was a lot of left over. One bowl would have been  plenty. Also, each dish was a 1.5 size portion, but they advised us on the sizing and it was way too much.  While attentive and nice, the information was poor. I give this a 2 star. e.  Location - Well located at the casino, and very convenient to pop in and enjoy if you are at the casino for other reasons. You have to wade through the smoke and stale atmosphere of the casino floor and there is no place to wait or linger if you have kids, since you are in a casino.  So while not unbearable, this is an adult area so do not expect too many accommodations for kids.I give this a 2 star because for American food, it is decent, however, it is very over priced and a bit uninspired.  The place is basically form over content and fits well with the Casino. It is, like PF Chang and that is the best way to describe it.GK Says, check it out if you have dinero to burn, and like American style food.
4	I had been going to GVR for years and never went here...that was a mistake.  So far I've gone about six times now and am addicted to the chicken Chow Fun.  If my girlfriend would agree, I'd go here more often.  Everything else people at my table ordered looked and tasted great.  The menu is a good size, service was admirable and it's always been a good dining experience.
3	This was my third time eating here, and I had a $10 dining credit from Stations. This drops the entree price to about $5. I sat at the bar and had the shrimp with lobster sauce & vegetables. The dish came in a bowl, presented like soup. There was a lot of sauce and the shrimp were huge.  I didn't love the sauce, and there wasn't much flavor. I would've sent it back if paying full price. The bartender/server was cool, and I got a bowl of crispy won tons as a complimentary appetizer. Maybe China Spice serves Chinese food, Green Valley style (without spice). I would go back only if  I get another huge discount!
3	Great food. Pad Thai is  really good here , not greasy!
2	Forgettable. If I had to sum up the overall experience in one word, it would be forgettable. Actually, they are like a pricier Pei Wei, but not one of the good Pei Weis either. I took my friend out for his birthday dinner here. They are located inside of the Green Valley Ranch hotel and open at 5pm. The service was pretty spotty and slow. They start you off with the wonton chips and sweet and sour dip. Those were pretty standard. We opted for the lettuce wraps and they were okay. The sauces reminded me of my mediocre attempt at recreating the sauce for the lettuce wraps...hoisin sauce overload. I had hot and sour soup which was spicy, but it lacked the complexity of flavor that I love about hot and sour soup. It was just spicy and otherwise bland...not very flavorful. My friend had the general tso's chicken, and that was a caramelized mess that I did not even want a second taste of. The bill was still $30+ and the food came out very slowly. The server was not particularly attentive and we sat there with empty glasses on a few occasions. I would rather walk down to PF Changs next time for better quality food and equal prices.
2	Yawn... I wanted to like this place because it's in my favorite neighborhood casino.  Since we get "dining credits" in the mail each month to all the Station restaurants, we thought it would be a good idea to try China Spice with $15 off.  I'm happy I finally went because now I know I'm not missing much... The restaurant is clean, spacious and has a comfortable and zen atmosphere.  I liked the music playing.  The food itself was mostly nothing special, and certainly not memorable or capable of producing a later craving, although I did enjoy the spiciness of my General Tso's chicken.  The service was flat out awful.  It started off friendly enough but overall I haven't felt less "attended to" while eating out in a long time.  First, the back of the chair my husband was sitting in had a crack in a piece of the wood, and this caught on the back of his polo and ripped it!  I mentioned it to the server (not expecting anything other than a little empathy) and he said "Oh" and removed the chair!  No one came to apologize or address the incident.  Everything, including our appetizer, took entirely too long to come to us.  I got tired of waiting around.  The only thing that came quickly was the plate of complimentary wonton chips and thank goodness they did, otherwise I would have been drooling by the time the food came. The food is overpriced so without the $15 credit I would have been really upset that I spent money (and an evening) there.  At the end of dinner I told the manager about the chair incident and she gave me her business card and said that we should call her before we come next time and she'd set us up with free drinks or an appetizer.  I don't think I'll take her up on it but at least someone showed care and concern.  Definitely a pass in my book.  Take my word for it... I should have listened to other yelpers.
1	Worst. Service. Ever. Standing at the hostess stand looking at a clean empty table for 4 and girl up front refuses to seat us. She claims the server is backed up thus we cant be seated. I am a local and will not be back.
4	I have to write this review to counter all the bad reviews. Granted the service is NOT always the best. I think they have a very small staff which is kind of a catch 22. But their sizzling beef is incredible. It is about my most favorite dish in the whole Vegas valley. Great quality beef and so tasty. So if you are not in a hurry give them a try.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Green Valley area. I am consistently happy with my food, which says a lot.The quality and tastiness of their items does make up for the fact that service can sometimes be slow. But if you go on a night where you aren't in a rush you will love your meal.
5	It is completely unfair that China Spice currently has a 2.5 rating.  Maybe in the distant past they had problems and earned that, but in the many times I've gone over the past two years the food and service has been exceptional.  Quality ingredients perfectly cooked in what by all measures is an extremely nice and clean environment...far more than one could say about most Chinese stand-alone restaurants.
2	Decor is quite nice. Food is very bland, inoffensive and blah. There was absolutely no spicy, tangy or heat in the Kung Pao Chicken and Orange Beef. The peel in the beef was a few thread-like, hair thin shreds that gave zero flavor to the dish. Service was slow and the hostess had to bus the table herself before being able to seat us. The Crab Rangoon was just o.k., the top area of the fried wonton was barely golden while the cheese filled portion was soft and barely done. Was a bit too greasy, as if cooked in grease that was not hot enough to properly fry in. Price was too high for the lack of flavor in dishes that should have a bit of zip. The red chilies in both dishes provided zero spice and were for decoration purposes only.
4	the only reason i give them 4 stars instead of 5 is the price.  a tad pricey but the food is always prepared colorfully and tastefully.  they often have a combo deal which is good to share.  their portions are very large and this is enough for 2.the atmosphere is pleasant, usually chilly so bring a sweater.  a couple of the older men that are waiters are a bit grumpy but at least you don't have to deal with them often.  i would recommend it.
