1	Currito is a nice alternative to a typical Mexican-themed burrito place, as they provide you with many healthy options to creating your burrito.  They also have a tasty smoothie station in which the employees will grudgingly prepare for you.  And along with that note, this restaurant provides the worst customer service I have ever experienced.. period.  The servers are either extremely rude, or merely spaced out.  Either way, it has been a terrible experience every time I have eaten there, and wouldn't recommend it unless you like to be patronized (or ignored) by the worker "curreating" your burrito.
2	Inferior!Inferior!Inferior to Chipotle, I say!Currito isn't bad for a mall food court burrito place, but the burritos themselves are INFERIOR. Firstly, the "classic" burrito only comes with pinto beans, not black beans, which I find offensive on so many levels (Why can't ya'll serve BLACK beans? 'Cause they're BLACK??? Hmph.) And the burrito was as bland as Qdoba's. The tomato chunks were much too big, which, I guess, is supposed to signal that they're chopped by hand, but choking on a tomato bit is not my choice of a way to die. To top off my experience, the servers were champion space cadets. No greeting or any dressing to our verbal exchange... except for the guy who made my burrito, who whispered to me, "For here or to go, sexy? You look good...""For here, thanks," I said. Thanks for the burrito, sir. If it weren't for your wonky eye and the fact that you whispered the catcall instead of saying it out loud like you've got balls, I might have entertained you.HA! Yeah right...
3	It was nice to see this place at Northlake - like a breath of fresh air from all the Chipotles and Moe's around Charlotte.The menu selection provides some interesting combinations.  I tried the Summer style burrito that included mango slices and avocado.  Pretty refreshing.  The bag'o chips provided were a bit stale, but the fresh chopped "Salsa" was neat and rustic.A bit over priced for a moderately sized burrito and stale chips.
3	I came by the mall yesterday to do some quick shopping before an appointment, and normally I shy away from mall food, especially since I use to work at Northlake mall and heard horror stories about the cleanliness of the food court restaurants, but i was in a big hurry and had not eaten all day so  I stopped at Currito out of desperation. I ordered the Mediterranean burrito which had rice, cucumbers, feta, tomatoes, black bean hummus and your choice of chicken, steak, or tofu, and let me just say it was delicious and extremely filling! I was pleasantly surprised because I had not expected it to be that tasty. I cannot speak for anything else on the menu but I did enjoy my burrito. you have to remember this is a food court restaurant so its not gonna be astonishing by no means, but if I would decide to eat mall food again it will be Currito.
4	Not a bad alternative to Moe's, Qdoba, or Chipotle. Service was excellent on our first visit. They even split the single drink ordered for our 2 boys into separate cups for us (one less thing for them ti fight over).  They just serve burritos and salads, but the twist is that there's Cajun, Bangkok, Teriyaki, Summer, Mediterranean, and Buffalo style/ingredients besides the make your own or classic burrito. We'll be back for a second visit.
4	The burritos were a little smaller than you might expect at Chipotle or Qdoba, but bigger than at Moe's. My burrito was delicious, however - surprisingly delicious. Just as each of the burrito chains has it's own distinct flavor, so does Currito. The jalapeno salsa is what I really think topped it off perfectly (instead of the pico - I'm not a pico fan). Wish we had one of these a little closer to the city!
1	Stopped here to grab a bite to eat before seeing a movie ( Taken 2, which was very good by the way). Was'nt my first choice as the cafeteria we wanted to go to had been closed down.Ordered the classic which was steak or chicken with rice ,beans ,salsa and cheese.You would think a Mexican burrito would come with spanish rice and refried beans, but this one came with flavorless white rice and plain unseasoned pintos. The steak was good and tender but over all the burrito had no flavor and was served barely luke warm. Even the cup of hot sauce I got barely had any kick. Guacamole, chips, salsa and the like are all an extra charge, so we passed on those.The burritos were large and filling, but mine was pretty bland and the tortilla itself was kind of mushy and cold, and at almost $17 for 2 burritos and 2 teas, way over priced.Two visits in one for me, first and last.
