1	This review is in regards to the customer service/cancellation department that I have been in contacts with since the end of April. I needed to cancel my service and have had to deal with them to many times to do so. First I didn't sign the letter, ok my fault but they said over the phone they would cancel it. Then I get charged so I call again and they have no record of my last phone conversation and my service has not been canceled. So now I need to send another letter to do so. I am very disappointed because I was not told I needed to send another letter. The first phone call I was told she was confirming the letter and that the service would be canceled. I love how this company looses information and phone records. I will keep calling them now to assure cancellation because this is horrible. I will not look to use them for my alarm in the future.
2	I will give them an extra star now that they have called me back and fixed the mistake.  But from the experience I had, I will probably still not use them again.
1	i have been trying to end my account with monitronics for 1 year. i call everyday and they keep telling me ill lower your monthly, next thing you know my info is not right in the systems.  they tell me to do all these these things to end the account then they call and say that it will end in two months, then in two months they said that since i got the lower price that it was an automatic renewal.  finally they send me a letter and it says that they are letting me go as a custmomer...FINALLY!!!! 3 years later
1	no stars, I now have a contract with them since they took over the prior company.  Fast talking sales people promising the latest in technology but the batteries die, are expensive to replace and service calls are expensive.  I had been happy with ADT, really sorry I am stuck with this company.  It has been only 1 year and nothing but issues.
1	Crap company. My husband signed up a long time ago at a different house and when we moved into our new house their sensor didn't work on the back door because of some problem with us having a doggy door. We kept the system and never actually got to alarm the system due to the back door issue since we needed to get through the contract period. Finally the period time was over so I had my husband call to cancel the account. They talked him into like 6 months free service and my husband accepted (I gave him an earful because he kept it. Free or not, it was unusable). Anyway, I don't know how much time had gone by but I asked him to call and officially cancel it again and when he did they said he had a $40+ balance on the account for charges and late fees. They never even sent us a bill. He paid them over the phone and was told it was cancelled. This was 2/10/14. On 2/21/14 we received a $17 bill from them that would be due 2/23/14. My husband called on 2/22/14 but they said he would have to call the cancellation dept which is only open on the weekdays. I see my husband has paid the $17 even though I asked him to talk them out of it. My name isn't on the account so I couldn't call, otherwise they would have received an earful! Judging by the other reviews I am now worried this still isn't going to be cancelled. Keeping my fingers crossed.Horrible company, do not get involved with them.
1	Do not go with this company. I have been with them for 3 years. And I found a better deal with another company.Trying to cancel. They offer lower prices but when you insist. They just bully you. Save your time and money! Do not go with monitronics. They don't even give you a bill. They just take out money from your account every month.
