4	I stayed here in March of 2009 with my son and we enjoyed it. Clean, nice service and great location if you want to check out Scottsdale. Will probably stay here again within the year so will write a more detailed review later.
4	I stayed here with my wife for 2 weeks. The staff was very kind and had lost of hospitality and built rapport. Wonderful room, very big as well, and the AC was the best part. Now, 1 thing that irritated me a lot was the fact that the wi-fi wouldn't work it would turn on and off on me and would frustrate me. I was there for 2 weeks so io would love to watch my netflix on my ps3. Other than that i had a wonderful trip and thank the whole staff for their kindness.
3	Good for the price. The front desk was very friendly and was very accommodating. The check in process was fast. There are different size of rooms, regular and suites. The suites are just the same amenities as the regular rooms but a little bit bigger. My two complaints about the hotel were that the bathtub wasnt as clean as I like, there were grim and residue on the knob and the bottom of the tub. Also the internet cuts out intermittently. Other than that, the bed was very comfortable and I had an excellent night of sleep. The breakfast is also better than most choice hotels in that they have half cut grapefruits in the fridge on top of the normal items like eggs, waffles, yogurts, cereal, etc. This location does not have express check out so you dont get your receipt in the night under your door. SUMMARYFront Desk: 4Check in/out Process: 3Room Overall: 3Bathroom Overall: 2Breakfast: 4Internet: 2
1	Wouldn't want to stay here again. Rooms were smelly, old, and needed major redo. Luckily the beds weren't bad, but other than that, the place needs to remodel. Yo Yo
4	Nice. Clean. Extremely welcoming staff.  Our room was nice, but needed some love.  Family of four.... enjoyed our stay!
4	Comfort suites definitely had affordable rates during the week I stayed there. There entire staff was very friendly and accommodating. They offered free breakfast in the morning that consisted of sausage or bacon, egg substitute patties, yogurt, cereal and milk, bagels and pastries, juice, and oatmeal. During the day they offered coffee and fruits at no charge. The indoor pool was a pretty decent size and was 5 feet deep. They also had one indoor and one outdoor hot tub. The beds were fairly comfortable and all the rooms had 32-34 inch TV's. There is free wifi provided as well. Overall comfort suites provided a great stay and was also in prime location in the heart of scottsdale.
