5	Fresh fish and good service, what more can you ask for.Revised on 02/7/08: Updated the rating from four stars to five.  This places continues to impress me.  The fish is always fresh and the lunch special is amazing.   I tried the two item combo and it was so much food, I had leftovers for dinner.  The mochiko chicken is sooooo goood!  I highly recommend trying it!
5	I loveeeeeeeeee sushi!! I have been to many around the 89123 zip code and no one can compare to island sushi. It is fresh fish people!! They even cut it infront of you at times. The service is great and we learned a lot about traditional sushi. From 12-4pm its their lunch special at $20.95..yes, appetizers and desserts. Dinner cost $24.95. I highly recommend it.
5	This place is awesome! It's like a piece of Hawai'i here in Vegas.  The local food and ono sushi is what keeps me coming back.  The fish here is fresh and with all you can eat dinner for $24 which includes all the sushi, appetizers and desserts, everyone is happy!  The owner is a cool guy from Hawai'i and he makes it a point to walk around and talk with you, always making you feel welcome!  I 100% recommend this place!
5	Okay kids, I got LOST in Las Vegas (isn't that a movie with that lame-o Nick Cage, I can be wrong, no wait, I was wrong, that's Leaving Las Vegas, and I'm not wrong about him being LAME). With the new car rental terminal thingy being miles away from the airport, I got lost and wound up going the wrong direction in search of the Strip. Don't laugh at me. I'm horrible with my bearings once I get anywhere, but once I get my internal GPS going, I'm good to go.At any rate, we wound up consulting our Garmin to look for a sushi place and were actually looking for Koto Sushi (never been, but hell it came up on our search so why the hell not), but found that was Island Sushi instead. Scared as hell that sushi can be either BOMB or ASS, we entered in and knew that it wasn't all bad when everyone, well, almost everyone except us, were island folk! No shit! I was thrilled because you want to go to a restaurant that has the people there. Go to a Chinese restaurant that doesn't have chinese people? Are you high? Anyways, real Hawaiians, real ono food, you heard?Husbandido ordered the chirashi and was NOT disappointed. Was thrilled when he couldn't finish it (take that SF chirashi!) and saw just how much rice there was to offer. I ordered chicken katsu dinner and lo and behold it came with dessert (808 special is a must have, people). So I give them mad props. I frequent SF sushi just as regularly as I frequent my home, and it's nice to find good, solid sushi and grinds as I would at home. I would dare to say not necessarily just good...but maybe better!I highly recommend this, even if you're not lost. It's worth a drive out, and it's not too far off the freeway to scare the crap out of you.  You will definitely have enough scratch to hit the casinos afterward. Two hungry people fresh from the plane? $34. Baller status.Oh and the peeps that work there are really COOL! Love 'em. Mahalo!
5	Super great sushi joint, run by a couple of bruddahs from the Islands.  All you can eat, or by-the-piece.  Lots of options for the non-sushi gnoshers in the group - but this stuff is so good, that even the folks who are afraid of raw fish will be tucking in!  The AYCE option includes appetizers and desserts too!  (The Mochi chicken is really tasty!)The Garlic Tuna is my personal fave, we lost count of how many orders we got last time!
5	Alright, so after months of aniticipation, the family and I finally packed our bags and made the trek to Las Vegas. For the kids, they were excited to see Grandma & Grandpa...as for my wife and I, well, we wanted to stuff our faces. Sushi Mon has been our spot for years but after some lobbying from my parents, we decided to give Island Sushi a shot... Plus, Sushi Mon can get SOOO crowded and busy sometimes. We ate at Island Sushi for my birthday and again about 3 days later. We were gonna go to Sushi Mon but I thought: "Island Sushi's a Hawaiian sushi joint, so why not patronize my people, right?" Needless to say, we were not disappointed! First off their Sushi Buffet is cheaper than Sushi Mon. Second, they have that "local" taste. (Hawaiian-mainland transplants know what I talking about) Everything on the menu is O-N-O! Check out the pics I uploaded! Only thing I didn't take a picture of was the Garlic Mochiko chicken...we ate it so fast, I didn't have a chance! My personal favorite was the "Island Special"... Soft shell crab, topped with spicy tuna and eel sauce (sweet, creamy sauce) HO!!! Buss yo' Mowt!!! And it's all you can eat!!! That's just nutz... The owners name is Dean and he's a real cool, down to earth guy. He even brought out our orders when our waitress was busy... Well, if you're ever in town or you live Vegas and wanna try out a new Sushi Buffet, you gotta check out Island Sushi!
4	This place has some really good all you can eat sushi-fresh and a good variety to chose from as well! After ordering a few things we told the sushi chef what we liked and he gave us a few things to try, he was right on with that and it was very much appreciated! Now this was about a week and a half ago and we wanted to try it again!!! I had to be at work in 45 minutes so me and my husband decided to met there for a quick bite to eat... My only complaint is that the sushi bar is way to small, there were only about 3 seats left at the bar, 2 were together and one alone. Its very close in there and so there was not enough room for us to squeeze in there cause it would not have been comfortable. (not to mention my husband has a huge aversion to sitting next to other tables or people at restaurants, if they try to sit us next to another table and there is an open restaurant he freaks out!) and we didnt have time to sit at a table and be served so we had to leave! We will defiantly be back again, this place is good and the dessert is good too and included (808 dessert was amazing).We ended up rushing over to The Ka for a quick bite, always a good place either as a 1st choice (which it usually is for us, but we wanted something new) or as a backup!
5	If you're going to go to an all-you-can-eat Japanese place, then this is definitely it. This restaurant is not buffet style but continuously ordering food from the menu style. The sushi here is really fresh, the food is great, and the service is awesome too. When I came here, the waiter even gave me a discount too because the sushi was taking a bit longer than usual to come out from the kitchen since the place was packed and the kitchen was a bit backed up. They even have my favorite chuka seaweed salad here too which you can order as much as you want.Keep in mind there is a time limit on how long you can eat. I think it was 1.5 hours but I'm not sure if they will enforce it or not. Also, you can only have 1 order per person for the sweet shrimp and uni sushi.Excellent food, excellent service, and not overpriced. Make sure to check this place out.
5	WOW!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE. I eat a lot of sushi and I went here based on the yelp reviews plus I used to go here when it was Koto. I went wednesday for lunch and it was $20.95 all you can eat a bargain. You get 1.5 hours of total delight. (more time than any all you can eat sushi bar in vegas for lunch) the lunch goes all the way till 4pm. Only thing on saturdays i found out by going there today that they only open for dinner for sushi. Island sushi is actually two restarants, one entrance is for their hawaiian take out and the other is a full sit down restaurant with a sushi bar. There is nothing negative I can say about island sushi. Every bite, every order just got better and better.  The service was the best, the sushi chef was very attentive and kept asking if were ready to order again. the wait staff consistently refilled our drinks before we were done. The rolls, the nigiri, the appetizers amazing!!!Trust me Im asian and i eat  a lot of sushi this place is damn good.If i only lived in vegas. 1. most sushi bars fill you up with rolls that have tons of rice but not here the rolls are so tighly rolled and so little rice unbelieveble.2. I just cant say enough good things about this place, if you like sushi you must try islands. Remember everything is fresh to order and if you don't eat a lot there is a 50% off all rolls during happy hour.I have yet to try a better sushi bar in las vegas!!!! I hope islands does really well and never go out of business!!!!
3	Not a huge fan of the all you can eat mostly because you can't order half rolls which i prefer. The fish is pretty fresh though. I was disappointed because they were out of some of my favorite appetizers included in all you can eat. They also limit one dessert per person (which could be good or bad).The hawaiian food from the grill side is pretty good. It really depends on who the cook that day is.I recommend the:Mochiko chickenGarlic chickenUnagi bowl
5	I've always been leary of AYCE sushi. The idea just really freaked me out and I was worried the quality would be low.. I'm now an official fan of AYCE sushi, at least if it's from Island sushi! $24.95 is a steal for the quality you're getting. Starters: The mini fried octupus was awesome.. as was the gyoza... as was the seaweed salad. All fresh and top knotch. Sushi: The owner had flown in some kampachi for our event.. WOW I wish he would add this to the menu because it was out of this world. I also tried hamachi off the menu, it was fresh and tasty. Not a hint of fishyness. The deep fried philly roll was delish, as was the island roll, and to be honest every roll I tried. I didn't bite into anything mushy or fishy tasting. I couldn't eat dessert.. I was much too stuffed from all the awesome sushi!! The owner was super nice, as was all the staff. I definitely recommend this as a great AYCE sushi spot!
3	So I have this thing for AYCE sushi. Sure, the quality isn't is as good as a regular sit-down spot, but I'd rather get my money's worth. And considering it was $24.95, you bet I was gonna stuff myself. All you Henderson residents should be aware that its just down the 215, so there's no need to go deep into Vegas itself for places like this. The place is rather small, and it was actually kinda packed for a Tuesday night. Thus, the people I went with were not allowed to sit at the bar because that section was already full. Service was pretty good though considering it was busy. Our waitress came by often to get us more water or take more orders for the all-you-can-eat dinner. If I remember it right, sake bomb shots were $2. Keep in mind it comes in a glass with the beer already. Their salmon nigiri is pretty decent, and I'd usually get that with every order I made. I also enjoyed the yellowtail nigiri because the place I normally go to in the Bay Area doesn't have it. Noteworthy rolls include the Mauna Kea, Mt. Charleston, and the spicy Mexican. Had a rainbow roll as well, but yeah it was just like any subpar rainbow roll. Do yourself a favor and get the tempura ice cream for dessert. It's pretty damn awesome, so save room for that. Yeah. I'd go again, but I'd like to try something else too.
5	great food & great service.  Sushi rolls were really good, and half price during happy hour (also 3 dollar asahi).  Worth driving off the strip for.  Depending on how much you eat, the all you can eat might not be the best bet.
5	Fresh seafood, yummy sushi, bomb service!
5	You bet your ass I gave this place five stars! Whoo hoo! "QOQ" will be the main focus of this review. You know, quality over quantity or vice versa? Well, this place can go either way. All-You-Can-Eat Sushi for $24.95 along with $2 Sake Bombs, ALLLLLL DAYYYYY, sounds like a win-win situation in my case! A few warnings before we get down to the nitty gritty part of my review:-A 90 minute time limit to the AYCE goodness (NOOOOOO!)-A surcharge for wasting food-Only one order of Uni and Sweet Shrimp per personSo, the food: - The Uni: My first time having it, but I'm sure they did it right because the sweetness of the Sea Urchin and the gooey goodness made me want more than just two rolls. Yummy!- Garlic Chicken: flavor overload in my mouth! Couldn't get enough of this.- Ahi Poki: FRESH FRESH FRESH TUNA! It almost felt as if the fish were swimming in my mouth.- Tempura Philly Roll: Fried. Cream Cheese. Fresh Salmon. I can't ask for a better combination.All their sushi is extremely fresh and they do sushi right. Make sure you order accordingly because they will charge your ass for leftovers. For dessert, make sure you get the "808 Special", tempura-battered bananas and strawberries topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream with a dallop of whipped cream. *drools. With a party of 14, the service was exceptional. Our waitress kept us happy with our Sake Bombs and kept up with our nonstop demands for food.They, also, have a pretty decent "Happy Hour", which consists of $1.50 Small Beers and $3.00 Big Beers. So, order a Big Beer and a round of Sake and you've got yourself set for about 10 Sake Bombs! Yes!So, we walked into this place starving and left this place with our bellies full. We didn't even wanna walk the Strip, we just wanted go back to our hotel rooms and pass out. I toast Island Sushi with their $2 Sake Bombs! Yay! Island Sushi, you have got me hooked for life!
5	Alright! WOOOT! YAY! YEEHAW! WOW!!!!!! Oh Mah Gaw!! HELL YES!These are the phrases and words I said while eating at this place.I like this place, the service excellent! The people are nice and friendly! The sushi was awesome, tasted really fresh to me!I like the Poki! And the CHICKEN (garlic flavored) is the BOMB!They do charge for leftovers/waste so eat up!Unbelievable!!! For All you can eat and $2 Sake Bombs..... I only spent a total of $40 bucks! WHY CAUSE THEY DESERVE A BIG TIP! :] I'll definitely be coming back. Worth coming to and visiting (Better then most Buffets in Vegas)
5	The second day of debauchery in Vegas involved the all-you-can-eat sushi lunch buffet. This place was absolutely amazing. For $20.99 for lunch, you can eat unlimited appetizers, unlimited sushi rolls and nigiri, and one dessert.We came here STARVING. It was around 2pm, and we had just come back from swimming in the nice pool garden at the Venetian. So believe me when I say that we were incredibly hungry. The server took our order for appetizers, and we got miso soup, edamame, mochiko chicken, shrimp tempura, and maybe a few other things I don't remember. The shrimp tempura is only two pieces per order, so order several if you actually want to eat a decent amount. And who cares, it's unlimited anyway.Notable rolls: Black Widow and the Mauna Loa. Although to be honest, we tried everything that had soft shell crab in it and that was amazing too. We must have put through a gajillion orders of rolls and they got vanquished within two minutes of being placed on the table. The nigiri came last, and avoid the squid because it's super rubbery. The salmon was decent, and that's pretty much all I tried because I was saving room for dessert.I have made quite the convenient pairing, because the boyfriend doesn't like dessert and doesn't believe in always having room for it. I, meanwhile, had room for two desserts (I learned my lesson after the Mirage incident, see previous review). So I took my tempura ice cream (with vanilla ice cream, it was delicious) and then I took his green tea ice cream, which was a great way to round out the meal. After that, boy, was I full.I would come here again in a heartbeat. The fish is great, the sweet sauce they use to cover it is not too overbearing, and for all you can eat, this can't be beat. I would take a taxi from the strip and endure the $$$$ cab ride just to eat here again.
3	My friends and I were here in June and they were packed ~ the table wait time was 5 minutes.  Our server was friendly and knowledgable, food is good but it's the dessert that I enjoyed the most.  Price range is very affordable for the food and service that they deliver.  Must place to see!
5	Absolutely amazing!  This is probably the best deal in all of vegas if you can make your way out there.  It was so good that I went back there twice in one weekend.The fish is all very fresh and delicious.  The best part about the rolls and nigri is that they dont overload the rice and give a good balance of fish and rice, so you aren't getting ripped off.  You also get a variety of appetizers to choose from, and I highly recommend the fried geso (squid/octopus) and the garlic chicken.  Super good!  For dessert, the green tea ice cream or the 808 special are both good and you cannot go wrong with either one.  My friend and I went for lunch and paid 20.95, but after seeing the menu and tallying it up, we easily ate over $200, no lie.  The waitress was shocked on how much we consumed.  hahaOn a side note, make sure you save just a tiny bit of space for their bakery next door.  The malasadas are very good.  The plain is the best, but the haupia (coconut) and chocolate filled ones are also very delicious.
4	We found the reviews on Yelp about Island Sushi and wanted to try it.   We arrived in Vegas on Wednesday, 8/19/09 and went for an early dinner.  We had the Laihana Roll, Tempura California Roll and Cucumber Salad and Shrimp TempuraThe salad was fresh and enough for two people, mind you it is only cucumbers, sliced thin and a sesame dressing, but very good.The Laihana Roll was awesome!  A California Roll topped with chicken and mushrooms and a special mayo sauce.    The Tempura California Roll was fantastic as was the Shrimp Tempura.  The tempura batter was not greasy, it was light and crispy!   All ingredients used were fresh, flavorful and abundant.  Price was average and well worth every penny, services was excellent and staff friendly.!
3	It's a really good deal for the sushi, appetizers, and dessert if you get the AYCE. The happy hour deal for 50% off sushi also seems pretty good too. Everything we ordered was tasty but the rolls had way too much sauce on them. I'm not sure what the name of the sauce is but it was the sweet sauce that's usually on unagi. I would have given this place 4 starsif they would just go easy on the sauce. A lot of the rolls seems very similar so I wish that they had more variety.
4	I just found out about this restaurant about a week ago and I've already been there 3 times!  I obviously really enjoyed it!  The first time my boyfriend and i sat at the sushi bar for late night happy hour which is from 9-close.  Half priced rolls and 1.50 for beers! Even imports like sapporo.My Favorite roll that i had to go back for was the alaskan roll. They put ikura on top which is a delicious twist.  So we ordered 4 rolls and my boyfriend had a beer and our bill was $20.  unbeatable price.  The sushi is good, and even really good for a local joint,  but i give it four stars b/c quality wise, it cant compete with places like nobu.The second time we tried out the grill part of the restaurant.  We ordered the saimen combo with garlic chicken and loco moco.  The loco moco was awesome.  The saimen, was so so, i've had a lot better.  The garlic chicken was also delicious.  The 3rd time we went back for the sushi happy hour and it was great.  We started with the tuna poke and miso soup, both very good.  Four sushi rolls and 3 beers.  The bill was thirty something dollars.  We will definitely go back if we are craving affordable sushi and dont feel like driving to the strip, but its not the best quality of sushi.
5	Amazing! We found this sushi bar on Yelp! while vacationing from So. Cal. Back home we've had a lot of AYCE and let me tell you- this was the best! We'll totally be back the next time we're in town.
4	Didn't have the all you can eat, but their banana dessert looked delish. People I went with did all you can eat, and ordered alot...i mean ALOT of sushi... People seemed down to earth and since I went with people from Hawaii everything seem to be goodtimes... I would go back for their all you can eat sushi and good times w/ good company.
4	Went with my boyfriend once, though we tried a second time and they happened to be closed. The AYCE includes the awesomely delicious ahi poki, which to me alone is worth the trip (it's a bit far from our side of town). The baby tako were very yummy, too! The rolls were tasty and we ordered a LOT- to the point that I think our chef got frustrated, as we saw him walk off with a sour expression & another chef meekly replaced him. The rainbow roll was disappointing as others have said, but overall the food was tasty & the drink specials were great. Worth trying, and I'd like to go back soon~
4	Malasadas in the States? cool! not as good as leonard's down in hawaii, but not too bad at all.I recommend getting the pan-fried noodle combo....pretty outstanding tasty noodles for a quick lunch.
5	My wife and I were visiting Las Vegas during Christmas Vacation and were looking for a Sushi place on Yelp.Island Sushi is by far one of the best sushi bars we've ever been too. Not only do they have super sushi rolls, but the service is exceptional and friendly.Chuy was our sushi chef and he really made sure to take care of my wife as she is with child and she can't have any fish that is not already cooked.Chuy made what we call a Chuy Special it had Cream Cheese, Cooked Tempura Shrimp, Sesame, eel sauce and a bunch of other stuff that was so yummy & very tasty!!Also our sever really went out of her way to hook us up with appetizers and gave us several recommendations of things to try and our water cups were full without asking the whole time.What an exceptional value and service........next time you go don't forget to ask Chuy for the Chuy Special what a treat you will not be disappointed! Don't forget to pick-up some Hawaiian Custard Doughnuts on the way out...WOW!!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE.  My group waited 10 minutes to get seated when there empty tables available and the three servers walking around got the orders from everyone around us and didn't bother to ask if we wanted to order anything.  When they finally did, it took them near 20 minutes to get our first sushi orders to us.  I'm no sushi chef and I understand the restaurant gets a bit busy, but when all three servers are busy chatting away with everyone else and forgets to bring you the order you've been waiting for, 20 minutes is quite a long time to be waiting for a few sushi rolls.  Plus, the sushi rolls weren't even cut correctly and fell apart in a mess when we tried to eat the sushi.  After the first round of sushi, they asked once if we needed more sushi (and we said yes due to the pending 8 more sushi we ordered) and despite our long list of ordered sushi, it took about 30 minutes for one of the servers to come by and take our order again.  By this time I had lost my appetite and decided to pay the bill before I became even more pissed off due to their incompetence.  I'm from Hawai'i and when I saw 'Island Sushi' decided to stop in and check this place out, I really thought I would get that local island hospitality.  The only hospitality I got was "Oh, sorry ah" when they realized they forgot our table orders half and hour later.  Bad service and I definitely recommend this place if you're into spending your hard earned cash by sitting around and looking at other people eat.
5	Sushi IS my food of choice although I seem to have only reviewed steak houses. I do not live anywhere close to this place but make the drive as much as possible. The rolls are great and if you can handle it after the best happy hour ever, the 808 is the way to go.  The hours are limited tho and closed on Sundays..my only day off.
5	This is as good as it gets for me when I'm craving "home" food. Garlic chicken. Hamburger steak. Oxtail. Kalua pig. Poke. Fried noodles. Musubis. Spam. Sushi.*sigh* I MISS HAWAII FOOD *sigh*Anywhoo...Their late night specials of half off sushi and sake is just what the Hawaiian ordered. The workers know some of my friends by name; it's like home. And they have sake bomb challenges with the workers. If you can out sake-bomb them, you drink all night sake-bombs for free.Island Sushi and Grill: SAMPS THAT!!!
5	The Place: Clean, Casual, Nothing Fancy, Local FeelThe Service: Inviting, Friendly The Food: Fresh, Great Variety, Flavorful I've been here MANY times and can't get enough of it. The "ALL YOU CAN EAT" menu includes EVERYTHING!Half Price Rolls: Monday - Saturday     3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 9:00 PM - CloseSunday                  l   3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 8:00 PM - Close$2.00 Sake BombsMy friends & I usually go here before going out on the strip.Be sure to buy the staff a round of Sake Bombs (they'll even do it with you!) (Video below to prove it) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ5QPU2q-l8NOTHING but GREAT EXPERIENCES here! I HIGHLY recommend it!
5	My boyfriend and I recently took a trip to Vegas and while we were there we decided we wanted to have AYCE sushi. I got on Yelp, found this place and 30 minutes later we were sitting in the restaurant.  Island Sushi did not disappoint and instantly cured our sushi craving.  We went on a Monday afternoon and  the restaurant was kinda slow, but the service was excellent. We were brought out a couple menus with descriptions and an order form. After turning in our order form we had our rolls and Nigiri within a few minutes. We enjoyed the Deep Fried Philly roll (which we highly recommend), the Mexican roll (it was a little spicy, but well worth it) and some other delicious rolls which we can't recall the names of right now. The Nigiri was all fresh. Definitely a plus when you are having AYCE sushi.  After devouring all the sushi and Nigiri we each ordered the 808 Special for dessert (included with AYCE). This is a MUST HAVE when you go here. The 808 Special consists of vanilla ice cream, fried bananas, strawberries, whipped cream and chocolate sauce. It was so good that even after we finished it we wanted more, but we knew we wouldn't be able to eat another bite. We mentioned to our server that we found Island Sushi on Yelp and the owner came out to talk to us. He was a very nice guy and was happy to hear of how we found the restaurant. Everything about our dining experience here was great from the food to the service. It was only a 10-15 minute drive from the strip and well worth the trip. Next time we go to Vegas we will DEFINITELY be going here again. If only there was an Island Sushi in Orange County....
5	When you're as big of a sushi glutton as I am, the prospect of all-you-can-eat sushi is really tempting. But when you're as big of a sushi glutton as I am, you've tried it already and know it isn't very good or very fresh. Most places are run by indifferent Chinese or Korean people who just want to give you whatever can pass for sushi and then charge you as much as they can for it, or deep fry everything to mask the fact that none of the fish is very fresh.Island Sushi is different. As far as I can tell, everything was nice and fresh, service was good, the appetizers were amazing (thus providing a more diversified AYCE experience than just eating roll after roll), and of course they still have to cut their losses somehow so there is a 90 minute time limit which I am totally okay with.We stumbled out of this place satisfied and not feeling cheated, and went off to digest while firing AK47s at the Gun Store. Perfect day! :)
4	My sister was craving sushi so my cousin from Hawaii brought us here. We entered through the Grill side and they asked us if we wanted to order from the grill or have sushi. We stood there debating for probably 5 minutes.  I wanted both! So we sat for sushi and ordered from both kitchens. They definitely have good Hawaiian comfort food and their sushi was fresh.  They're desserts are ono too! I had a guava cake.  The prices were fair and the menu extensive.The service was very friendly and quick.  All your favorite Hawaiian dishes and sushi. If you're in the Silverado Ranch/Eastern area this is a good spot to bring the family.
4	The search continues to find a good AYCE sushi restaurant in Vegas...and Island Sushi and Grill has been getting quite a lot of attention as of late.We had to see what the fuss was all about as well, so we came on a Monday night to enjoy their $24.95/pp AYCE sushi dinner.  (Lunch is $20.99/pp.)  When you first walk through the doors, you'll find yourself at a walk up counter.  This is just the 'grill' part of the restaurant serving up lots of Hawaiian plate options.  If you make a right, you'll enter the 'sushi' part of Island Sushi and Grill and if you want AYCE, this is where you want to be.After being seated and our beverage orders were taken, the waitress came by to ask if we wanted to start with any appetizers.  She also gave us a sheet and pen to fill out for our nigiri and sushi roll options.  Appetizers: * Ahi Belly, Garlic Pepper Sauce (limit one order per person) - A small portion, but tasty!* Ahi Poki - Pretty good!* Deep Fried Geso - Our favorite was the deep fried baby octopus.  It comes in an order of three with a dipping sauce.  Pretty good stuff!* Edamame* Garlic Chicken* Hamachi Kama (limit one order per person)* Pork Gyoza* Raw Crab Poke (limit one order per person)* Tako Kim Chee Poke (limit one order per person)Nigiri - They do give you small pieces of fish on small mounds of rice, which is a good thing. It's AYCE after all, so you can order more.  But it can be discouraging when you first see it.* Albacore* Amaebi (limit one order per person)* Garlic Tuna* Hamachi * Hirame* Ika* Ikura* Saba* Sake* Scallop Mayo* Tai* Uni (limit one order per person)Things we forgot to order because we were so full: Eggplant Fries, Fried Tofu Poke, Lomi Salmon, Mochiko Chicken, and Salmon Kama.Everyone seems to rave about their rolls, but we're not big on rolls with just the two of us.  So, we didn't have any.  But if we were with a larger party, there were definitely a few that we would consider.I wouldn't say their sushi is the highest quality, but I think people come because they do have a few other items like mochiko chicken, garlic chicken deep friend baby octopus, ahi poke, raw crab, tako kim chee poke, etc.  Like many AYCE sushi joints in Vegas, it's about what appetizers and cooked items are offered as well.They are quite specific about any charges for leftover food - $1 for nigiri and $3 for an 8 piece roll.  So take you time when ordering, especially if you're ordering rolls.   You are limited on one dessert option per person.  Everyone talks about the 808 Special, so we got one of those.  It's a deep-fried banana, ice cream, fresh strawberries, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce.  But our favorite was the Malasada Sundae.  One very delicious malasada cut into four pieces, ice cream, whipped cream, and guava(?) sauce.Service was quite efficient and the waitresses were friendly.  We didn't have to wait long at all for any of our orders, which is definitely a plus.  Beverages were refilled without having to ask and any empty plates were cleared quickly as well, so no complaints about service at all.They also offer a frequent eater card, ten AYCE and you get one free.What makes this place a real locals' place is all the specials they offer.  You can tell there are a lot of regulars here - families, couples, singles, etc.  Some are here for the grill menu to go or the sit down sushi.  Happy Hour: 50% off all sushi rolls + drinks specialsMondays to Saturdays: 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 9:00 PM - CloseSunday: 3:00 PM - 5:00 PM, 8:00 PM - CloseLadies' Night: Drink Specials OnlyWednesdays: 3:00 PM - CloseDrink Specials: $3.00 Large Beer$2.25 Hot Sake$4.00 Saketini$1.50 Small Beer$2.00 Sake BombSushi & Pupu (Appetizer) Brunch: AYCE sushi plus Hawaiian pupu menu for $20.95Sundays: 11:30 AM - 3:00 PM
4	Island Sushi was good. They had really good sushi. Went here for happy hour and AYCE for the first of 3 engagement parties. There were about 20 of us so it took a while to get started with food orders. We had to get drink orders first. Once that was out of the way, we were able to get started.Once we put in our food order, it started coming out fast. The food was fresh and it was delicious. I would definitely come here again. The servers were nice and attentive and we were a busy group ordering a bunch of drinks and a lot of food. Topped it off with tempura ice cream and we were too full to party after. It was a good night.
4	Boyfriend got Bento B (garlic chicken, ahi, spam, rice, and fried noodles). For spam, that was the most flavorful slice he's had. The garlic chicken wasn't overpowering with garlic, but still had great flavor.I had regular saimin with a spicy tuna roll on the side. The saimin was normal; I liked that the noodles weren't overcooked. The spicy tuna roll was good, with a good chunk of tuna in each piece and the right amount of spice.Lastly, we shared butter mochi. Which oddly is like biting into a stick of butter, except it's delicious.The service was friendly and helpful, gleaming with aloha spirit! We want to try malasadas and creme puffs next time.
3	It's been awhile since I've been here...I Went last week, I remember it being better. Fish quality was so-so. Spicy Tuna was dry with no flavor. The environment has changed since the re-model. One this one trip, I went from LOVING this place to, Not going to go out of my way to eat here again.
4	place has awesome chicken. get the all you can eat! you will go home happy.
5	This is the best sushi joint on planet Earth! They have an all you can eat menu for only $24.99. When we walked in, we thought we might be in the wrong place because the front door leads you to the take out counter for Hawaiian food. However, the sushi joint is connected. During our order, my wife asked if they had any rolls that had sliced strawberries. Unfortunately, they didn't. However, the owner and sushi chef overheard the request and created a roll on the spot that had strawberries. That alone might warrant the 5-star rating, however, the service overall was fantastic as was the AYCE sushi. The Nigiri sushi is a little smaller than what you normally get at a standard sushi bar, but it doesn't matter when its all you can eat!! The fusion of sushi and Hawaiian cuisine was a little intimidating at first, but after the first bite, it all made sense.We are tourists and decided to try a local place and we are glad we did. I will visit Island Sushi every time I go to Vegas!
5	AWESOME. AMAZING. BEST experience I've ever had. I recently went to Island Sushi after sifting through dozens of sugg's on Yelp. I was in town with family for a tradeshow and NONE of us were disappointed. In fact, we all agreed we'd Yelp about how amazing this place was. The server was awesome. My cousin asked if they had a roll with strawberries and they didnt, but about 10 minutes later the owner and sushi chef cam and asked what she was looking for. He custom made a roll for her.  We were all doing the all you can eat (I highly recc it), so to go out of his way to make a special roll even though we weren't paying more for us--was way too generous and was the icing on the cake.  If you are in town, live in town and want AMAZING, fresh quality sushi, check this place out.
5	La la lovvvve their malasadas and garlic chicken!!! The one and only place that serves authentic Hawaiian food that actually tastes like it's from home. (aside from the Cal).
4	Awesome deal for half off rolls! My boyfriend and I came here last night and had 6 rolls + miso soup + 4 sake bombs, for $54 total. Each roll has 8 pieces so...it's plenty of food! It's great quality and I know my sushi! Half off rolls is 3-5pm and 9-11pm; and half-off all-day Monday and Tuesdays. Don't get flavored sake though (it's sickeningly sweet). just stick with the $2 sake bombs for a good time.
4	Great restaurant...not a fan of the sushi tho. I'm a huge sushi eater and could try every sushi place in the city if I could. With the number of sushi places around Vegas, this is good, but not my number 1 choice for sushi. Garlic Chicken and Hamburger Steak is definitely what I go there for! And their Hawaii breakfasts for Portuguese Sausage, Eggs, & Rice...yummm! haha!Not a Sushi place for big sushi eaters..other than that...it's a taste of 808 in the 702.
4	loved the eat all you can for  $24.95!I could only eat so much, any leftovers are subject to penalty. So order only what you can finish. Service is fast,efficient and friendly.I would go back again and again.
3	Went here on a recent trip to LV with the inlaws and my family.  One suggested Island Sushi.  "Sushi", I'm in!  Even though I already went on two other occassions earlier in the week, but it's all good.For an AYCE, this is one of the better ones I've experienced.  Very extended menu for AYCE.  Included a wide array of appetizers, sushi, rolls, and desserts.  Only thing is that there are a few item which allowed 1 per person.  This was Uni, Amaebi, seared Ahi Toro, Hamachi Kama (large size, not small), Tako kim-chee, couple of rolls, and some other items. This place is where you ordefrfrom a menu , not a buffett line. Food is freshly made upon order.Over all, it wasn't bad.  The uni was surprisingly fresh.  Amaebi...tolerable.  Other fish items, not bad...not the best quality, but again, this is AYCE.  It also included some dessert, 808 special...good. So was the malsadas and creme brulee.  Best to order one of each to share.Of the 5 of us who ordered AYCE, we definitely got our moneys worth.  Better than the AYCE places here in LA (Joe's Sushi, todai).  Would I go back here if I return, yes if with a larger group who's not into paying $100 pp for omakase.  This place will do to get your fix for sushi...and then some.
5	The concept of AYCE Sushi is new to me moving here to Vegas.  At first it sounds too good to be true, followed by a sneaking suspicition of poor quality and limited selection.Not at Island Sushi! For $20.99 at lunch ($24.95 for dinner), you get a large selection of rolls, nigiri, appetizers, and even desserts.  I mostly avoided the apps (ordered a miso soup and edamame), and stuck with the nigiri.  The fish was fresh and tasty, and the quality was just as good for the most part of some of the fancier sushi joints I have tried around the country.  If you come hungry, you definitely get you money's worth without sacrificing quality.The atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired, as its in a strip mall and seating area is just cheap tables and chairs.  If you want a fancy dining experience, this is not the place.  I was by myself for lunch and the sushi bar has a small flatscreen TV to watch while I stuffed myself.  They also do quite a few happy hour type specials on rolls and sake bombs throughout the week if you aren't in the AYCE mood.  For your non-raw fish eating friends, the other half of the restrauant has a pretty extensive cooked Hawaiian menu.  However, I don't forsee myself trying that anytime soon.  The sushi deal here is just too good!  Just remember to save some room for that 808 Special dessert!
2	I'm very disappointed since the majority of the reviews of this place are great. I'm thinking maybe employees (or people who know them) are writing reviews on this place. My boyfriend is obsessed with AYCES so we've been to A LOT of places in Vegas. I would like to think I knew what I was talking about. The menu was so small, I couldn't believe it. Especially since so many reviews are saying what a big selection they have. I don't like the fact that they don't have pictures of the rolls on their menu. I would like to see what I'm ordering. I personally don't eat raw fish so I like to order rolls that are baked or fried. Not one single item was like that. The menu does say baked and fried but they just cook the stuff on top so the rice is still cold. My boyfriend loves albacore tuna. We went at lunch time and they didn't have it so we had to pay dinner prices to get what we came for. He didn't like it at all. He said that the fish was room temperature. I thought that the shrimp and the unagi were fishy. The rolls were nothing special at all. I did like the fact that they were relatively bite size. Some places we go to they cut their rolls so big I have to struggle to get the darn thing in my mouth. My biggest complaint, only one desert per person. The whole reason I go to anything all you can eat is so I can get lots of desert. Luckily my boyfriend doesn't eat sweets too much so I got his. I absolutely love mochi but I didn't get any because the only flavors to choose from were strawberry and mango. I'm a vanilla and chocolate kind of girl. Maybe we'll come here for Hawaiian one day but we will definitely NOT be back for sushi.
4	I love their chicken cutlet egg donburi bowl!!! Yum...It's fried chicken in an egg omelete over steaming rice complete with onions, mushrooms,seaweed sprinkles,ginger and a yummy sauce...Garlic chicken and Teriyaki is good too...Oh yeah one word MALASADAS!!! They have the best malasadas that I have ever tried. I wish they would fill it with guava anything...Three things I don't like are their breakfast fried rice (surprisingly not tasty!), They don't have pork chops anymore, and their guava cake is not made the Hawaiian way- it's not Guava chiffon !!! They sale a container filled with alot of mini chocolate chip cookies for $3.00-It's yummy but ask if they were baked on that day because if not they can be hard but if it's fresh it's so chewy...But, all the prices are affordable and did I mention the MALASADAS....
4	This place is on my top five of all the AYCEs here in vegas!!it is well worth your $20.95 for lunch. its just so goood! Their side dishes are really good you'll have to try all of  them . They also have over 20 rolls to choose from they kind of cut it tiny but i guess thats good if you want to try alot of their rolls. i recommend the CANDYCANE roll:]         GESO!! omgahh you cannot go here without getting gesos (which are baby octopus goodness!) The only down side would be their nigiri. Last time i ate there the salmon wasnt fresh :[. but sometimes it is. but if this place isnt all that if your crazy for nigiri ive had way better quality in other sushi joints. Also their service could be slow and youll have to be patient if there is alot of people, their really nice though. But other than that this placeee is really really YUMMMY!! The sushi chef even gave me and my boyfriend complimentary SAKE BOMBS!! woot. and again. TRY THE GESO!!!
5	This is by far MY FAVORITE AYCE sushi place!  It's not that close to the Las Vegas Strip, but driving here is totally worth it.  Upon entering, the first section you're in is their bake shop where you can order malasadas and wonderful treats like cocoa puffs.  To the right is the main dining area.  You can choose to order a la carte style or AYCE.  From their regular menu, we ordered their garlic chicken, mochiko chicken, and fried noodles.  ALL TASTED GREAAAAT!  From their sushi menu, we ordered ahi poke (tuna), tako poke (octopus), ebi (shrimp), ika (squid), masago (smelt roe), unagi (fresh water eel), amaebi (sweet shrimp), and their uni (sea urchin).  We also ordered a few specialty rolls.  All were very good and fresh!  Just writing this review makes me want to drive 4 hours just to eat here!  Okay, back to their review.  Their friendly staff did a great job in making sure we had enough food and when we would place an order, the food came out fresh and quick.  This AYCE isn't your typical buffet where you get up and serve yourself.  Your server comes around and you would inform them what menu item you'd like to order.  Simple as that!  When the place gets extremely busy, they have a 90 min. time limit.  The rules are noted on each table.  However when we were there, it was pretty packed and we stayed their longer than 90 minutes.  I guess they don't want you to practically live there and live off of their awesome food.  Also, they don't like it when you waste their awesome sushi.  So order accordingly.  It's an AYCE, so pace yourself.  DO NOT ORDER RICE OR ELSE YOU WILL GET FULL FAST!  For each person, it's about $24.  Don't come here expecting to eat crab legs all day.  For $24, that is a VERY good deal for fresh and great tasting sushi.  Their AYCE menu is extensive.  Did I mention that their mochiko and garlic chicken are both delicious?  I will most definitely eat here again.
4	What she (Connie R.) said.Rolls and nigiri done well.  Non-sushi foods creative, inventive, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  And Terrence (I think that's his name), makes a mean creme brulee (among so many other things).And really, at 25 bux a head, why wouldn't I eat here every. single. time. I'm in Vegas...
4	I Love Island Sushi! Found it on Yelp while in Vegas. Ate there every night! There is a 50% off roll nite and an all you can eat that is soooo good. (not a buffet, just all you can order. EVERYTHING on the menu!!)
5	Wow, my favorite AYCE sushi in Vegas! I've been a bunch: Sushi Mon, Hikari, Oyshi and Island Sushi THEE BEST.I love the AYCE menu. Had all the specialty rolls, nigiri, and all kinds of appetizers. I was pretty excited to see they had ahi poke, tako poke, raw crab poke, ahi belly even garlic chicken and mochiko chicken!! The nigiri had a big piece of raw fish over a small little nugget of rice (How sushi SHOULD be!)Their plate lunches are winnahz too! I've gotten their saba and laulau plate before. They also have these bentos that come with choice of garlic or mochiko chicken and comes with garlic ahi, spam, rice and fried noodles!! All for $8. That beats Zippy's zip & surf pac anyday!! They also have a small bakery that has coco puffs and malasadas.Definitely one of da best local places to eat in the valley!
5	"OnoLiscious!"  Oh my God, when this place first opened it just had the sushi side to it, obviously they are sooo Ono that they opened a fast food side right next to it, with all the Lorcal dishes back home in Hawaii are also offered here, especially the Malasadas....sooo good!  run down:All you can Eat sushi - So worth it - get thePoki, Lomi Lomi Salmon, garlic chicken , Heck Try all of the pupu side and sushi rolls.   My friend goes there just to eat poki and she orders literally 8 bowls, believe me you'd pay more for just 4 poke bowls normally.Fast Food side -Bento Boxes are a good dealSaimin is goodMalasada's custard filled are Delicious, taste just like Leonards in Hawaii.Only things that I'm not impressed with is there Eel and Oyakudon bowls, they are soggy and literally when I tried twice to go there and order the Oyakudon (chicken/egg bowl)  they gave me the wrong one and I got stuck with eel.  But to be fair I had a large order both times, so on the 3rd time I just ordered the Oyakudon bowl alone, and I was dissappointed.  I guess I'm used to everything else, which is 98% of the food there 100% onoliscious.  I was hoping their Oyakudon bowl would be like Ichiza's (spring mt), but this dish isn't a staple in Local Hawaiian food, it's more Japanese, so for them just to offer it is remarkable in itself.  Their Guava cake is ono too, but pricey.  Love there breakfast..mmm...mmm...sooo ONO, I'm salivating for my Home food since moving to Denver. :-( can't wait to get back to Vegas. Oh, forgot to mention the SERVICE is GREAT!  I've been to a lot of all you can eat sushi, actually literally every place in Vegas that has one, and some of the servers get annoyed when we order soo much and they have to keep going back.  I eat like a typical local girl, from a family where we are eating and then talking about what sounds good and what we want to eat later.  lol   Our culture , well atleast my family...We can EAT.  When you get Hawaiians and they have Puerto Rican and all the people who live to eat, you get one Hungry family.   :-)
5	There are so many AYCE sushi options in Las Vegas, and there are a few good ones that I have found, but this place is one of my favorites, in spite of it being really out of the way from where I live. I actually came here with classmates awhile back, and I was hooked on the friendly atmosphere and service, and the great food!  I love the mochiko chicken appetizer, even though I know I should be getting my belly full on the sushi and the rolls.  It is definitely a restaurant that is best to visit with at least 3+ friends, so everyone can order and sample more variety of their specialty rolls.There has also been a 1/3 ownership change in the past few months, and minor menu update with additional items added to the menu offering. So when you go, try the new items and see if any will become your new favorites.For me, I love the fried baby octopus and the dipping sauce that it is served with.  I dare say that it is the BEST baby squid dish of Las Vegas and would totally fit in on the menu of izakaya restaurants like Ichicha or Ita-Cho (in Los Angeles).AYCE Price:Lunch-$20.99Dinner-$24.95Sundays from 11:30 AM - 3:00 PMSushi & Pupu (Appetizer) BrunchAll you can eat sushi plus Hawaiian pupu menu for $20.95 (Have yet to try this, but hopefully I will soon)They also have a Hawaiian lunch plate style restaurant, which you would actually walk into before going through the entry way on the right into the sushi bar part of the restaurant.
5	Island Sushi is Awesome!  I've been coming here every week for the past year + and it's my favorite sushi joint hands down.  My usual picks areIsland special, Chuey,  fried geso,  Ahi poke The service is quick and friendly, sometimes the sushi chefs will make random tasty tidbits and send them our way, so good!
4	After reading many reviews, I decided to try this place...and so glad I did.  Not only was service was great, but the food was so awesome as well.  We got there for lunch, but decided to do the dinner ayce instead.  4 bucks more and you get uni, amaebe, and so much more... what an awesome deal!  Like other reviewers had mentioned, they don't try to fill you up with rice.  The nigiri was definitely awesome, with the fish totally covered the small pile of rice.  You definitely get your money worth!  The hamachi kama was really awesome.  My bf, who does not eat ayce (strictly sashimi only), thought this place was great.
5	This is probably my favorite place to eat in Vegas. I usually eat on the grill side of the restaurant, and I've only been on the sushi side once, so this review is mostly about the plates they have.  I usually get a 2-item combo which is a dollar more than highest priced item...  Usually it's garlic chicken and and the chicken or pork with eggplant.  The garlic chicken is just perfect.  It's fried, and I want to drink the garlicky soy sauce that it's smothered in.  The eggplant is also really good and they can make it spicy for you.  I'm usually pretty sensitive to spicy food, but the spicyness isn't overwhelming and provides a tiny kick to your muth.  Your plate is really full of the food you order with two scoops of rice and a mac salad.  I've also tried the kalua pig and mochicko chicken.  I'm not from Hawaii, so I don't know how the kalua pig compares, but it's alright...  The mochicko chicken is really similar to the garlic chicken, but it's good in its own way.  There isn't much to say about the service since the grill side is more of a help yourself out, but the guys behind the register are all really cool, and if they were servers, I'm sure they'd be really good. Also, the malasadas are great especially if they're fresh, and you can get them filled with custard, chocolate, or haupia cream.  They also have a ton of desserts displayed when you first walked in, and somehow I've managed to avoid them (usually because I'm too full to think of dessert when I'm done), but from the way they look, I'm sure they're great.As for the sushi side, I've only gone once and didn't do the AYCE since back then they had a special for 50% off sushi on Mondays (I'm not sure if it's still there, but I doubt it).   It's been a while, but I think I really enjoyed the Hawaiian roll.  And the food and service on the sushi side is just as good as the grill side...  I can't wait to come back here and am always willing to drive across town to come here.
4	Found this place on Yelp while vacationing in Vegas (yay Vegas!) I'm really glad we drove out of our way for this one because it's worth the 30 mins drive and some!  Our faves include the spicy Mexican roll, big island roll, fried oysters and the garlic tuna.
3	Overall, not bad - a B. It's Hawaiian-style sushi, so lots pf avocado in everything, and lots of fried foods. I wasn't expecting a lot for sushi in Nevada - anyone see an ocean nearby? But being used to good sushi in San Francisco, San Diego, and Seattle, it was a disappointment. Good if you just want some cheap-o sushi.
5	The best AYCE sushi ever! We love that there is a variety of food on the AYCE menu, from the kitchen and sushi bar. This was the first time we tried seaweed salad and it was delicious. Their garlic chicken is tasty and salmon nigiri is flavorful. It's going to be our first stop every trip to Vegas from this day on!
4	Overall, this is a unique sushi experience because of the way it blends Hawaiian and Japanese flavors. It's very creative and I plan to return, maybe during happy hour. Favorite rolls off of the all-you-can-eat menu:Big Island Island SpecialBlack WidowI wasn't a fan of the Surf and Turf, the roll with beef teriyaki outside/shrimp tempura inside. Just didn't like that mix of flavors but other people in my party did. Had I done my homework, I would have tried the fried octopus and the spam sushi roll. How could I have Hawaiian food without Spam? The Ahi belly was tasty. We ordered four of those, one for each of us. Even after 10 rolls, several appetizers, many plates of sushi, I polished off the Marssala dessert without even talking. I totally felt like a pig. I was a pig.I heard Island Sushi has an awesome brunch. Can't wait to try it. I would rank this place higher than Sushi Mon, for sure.  There was no wait to get in, the service is better, and I think the rolls are more creative. I can't compare it to I Love or Momo (apples and oranges).
5	This place is Great I eat there 2 times a week. Great Poke. Great fresh fish including Spicy Yellowtail and Tuna. Great Cooked food, And possibly the best dessert on earth called a Coco Puff. Tell them RN said to try one.
4	As Guy Fieri might say, this place is a Feast of Flavor.The first time I came here I had the Japanese breakfast (grilled mackerel, 2 eggs, miso soup, green tea).This time, my two Hawaiian friends took Eric R. and I and another friend to the Hawaiian brunch!It is all you can eat pupus (appetizers) and desserts for $17.95, add $3 for AYCE sushi!We tried so many things.  We definitely loved the salmon lover roll.  Handrolls were okay (spider roll was overfried and came with krab which it wasn't supposed to but skipped kaiware and gobo which it was supposed to).  Nigiri was tiny but it is probably okay for AYCE since we could try more.  Saba wasn't my fave and that is usually my test of sushi quality.For pupus we had so many things - eggplant "fries" with spicy miso, fried tofu, crispy rice cake with spicy tuna and avocado, strawberry salad, cold green tea soba, grilled ahi belly and green onions, ginger chicken lettuce wrap, kimchi fried rice, ahi poke, raw crab poke, Hawaiian sweet roll French toast, and so many other things I can't remember.  Desserts: 808 special (tempura banana, ice cream, strawberries), blueberry tiramisu, warm mango mochi and coconut ice cream....the list goes on.I had iced green tea which was very good.  Service was decent considering the amount of groups and ordering tons of things.  They were hard to find sometimes to refill drinks but otherwise very pleasant.  This was an indulgence but a good deal for brunch.  It says 90 min time limit but we were there for 2.5 hours :)
2	I really wanted to love this place. Their rolls are half price on Mondays and Tuesdays, so it would be a great sushi lunch option. Unfortunately, the sushi I experienced was incredibly disappointing.I ordered an Unagi Roll, a Spider Roll, and their Ahi Fever Roll. I started with the Unagi. It was OK in flavor, but it was very loosely put together to the point of falling apart. It's really not a big deal, but it does detract from the sushi experience. I then moved on to the Spider Roll. This was the roll that made me question this place. It was flavorless and the soft-shell crab was slightly burnt. After making it through that roll, I finally got to the Ahi Fever. Thankfully, this roll was actually pretty good. I'm glad I saved it for last.My rating for this place would actually be 2.5 stars. I've definitely experienced better, but I would probably return anyway simply because of the prices.
5	it's been a week since our vegas trip and our friend is still dreaming (literally) about their poke.found this little unassuming place through yelp and we will definitely be coming back.  the lunch price was 20.95/person and includes hot appetizers, sushi rolls, and nigiri.  i love how this place is all-you-can-ORDER and not all-you-can-pick-through-leftovers-that's-been-sitting-there-for-god-knows-how-long.  the hot appetizer comes out hot because it's made to order.you have to get the poke.  it was the highlight of my appetizer, entree, and dessert.  they even have a poke bar where you can buy poke by weight and that looked pretty delicious.the rolls are not very big so you can try a bigger variety w/o being filled up after 1 roll.  i do think they can use a little more filling in the rolls though.  i would review each roll individually but the truth is that we had so many that i don't remember which was what.  the one that stood out to me was the one topped with slices of jalapeno peppers.. that was pretty yummy.we tried the fried geso (whole octopus - head, tentacles and all) and that was interesting.  it's very chewy, more so than calamari, but it tasted pretty good.i preferred the chicken with mochiko breading over the garlic chicken.  the mochiko chicken were lightly breaded, more lean, not as fried, flat pieces of chicken.  the garlic chicken looked like popcorn chicken and when i bit into it, all i saw were chunks of fat.  no thank you.the gyoza was fried all over also, not pan fried.  i prefer the latter.  well actually i prefer the poke, i wish i had filled up the space the gyoza took with poke.quality of the nigiri was pretty good as well.  the size of the slices of sashimi was decently proportioned to the amount of rice.  it is not top quality but you are also not paying $5-$10 per order of nigiri either.if you wish you had more fish and less rice, then just order some more poke.for desser we had the choice of ice cream, tempura ice cream, or the 808 special.  we just got ice cream cuz we were so full by the end of the meal and the 808 special just sounded too crazy: fried tempura banana with ice cream and whip cream etc.  it sounded like a meal in itself.all in all we were very satisfied with our meal and glad we took the 15-min trip off the strip.  5 stars for getting what we got for the price we paid.  definitely come here with a group so you can try more stuff.  did i mention the poke was the bomb?
4	I live in Las Vegas and I'd say I eat sushi all over the city about 5 times a month. I frickin love sushi!This place is pretty yummy. They have really good service. Very friendly. ABSOLUTELY LOVE their vibe the place gives off. Hawaiian music, very chill and gets pretty busy at night too. As far as fish goes ORDER THE 808 TUNA SALAD! Really tasty.If youre comming here for all you can eat, I dont really recommend here. I was turned off when I found out they give time limits and only cetain sushi for it. So I'd rather go to Sushi Factory on Eastern. DONT GO TO THE ONE ON TROPICANA, its gross there. Also they have a conjointed hawaiian food place. Awesome malasadas!
4	this place is split in two.. you can have a sit down hawaiian style meal and walk into the other side for some sushi.. Hawaiian Side:LOVE LOVE LOVE the ahi poke.. and u can get a pound for like 12.00.  the food is very good!!!  when i order to go i usually order the kalbi short ribs and katsu which comes with yummy macaroni salad. it's always good and fresh off the grill..  and we always have left overs.  malasadas and desserts = primo!it's really small when dining in on the sushi side, but the sushi is good so it's worth it.   i've only been here once, but i can say that the fish is very very fresh and the service was friendly.
4	As a real sushi aficionado, I have to review this from the standpoint of sushi basics, and not the rolls and flavors that they have like most All you can eat sushi places.  1.  Service - Not bad, not memorable, but I would say pleasant or neutral.2.  Pricing -All you can eat is not bad at all, but they do limit some of the more expensive items like uni.3.  Recommend- if you have kids under 10, go for the all you can eat. The appetizers have so many of the teriyaki chicken, beef and basics that kids will like and you do not have to order real sushi for them.4.  Try the hawaiian grill items in the cafe next door. Great stuff.5.  Overall - not a bad place. the authentic basic sushi's are great tasting.
5	So yummy! Great upbeat staff which you can understand when they speak to you. The poke is great. The big  island roll is fab. Must try the spicy mexican if you like spicy rolls.
5	Today we wanted to take a trek to Henderson area to visit a friend. I've been wanting to try this and it's right by their house (lucky them!). With so many AYCE places, it's hard to pick and choose. Even having tried many, I couldn't really pick a "best", but had more of they're all good, but here's the pros and cons of each particular place kind of answer (IE- some have bomb apps but meh sushi, great nigiri but rolls and apps are boring). I'll go on a limb that this is the best that I've had since it meets a lot of points. First point- appetizers are interesting, and have a wide variety. Sure, sure. Come for nigiri to get "moneys worth" but it gets a bit repetitive that way. I think I get my worth through the variety of foods I get to eat. Ahi Belly with Pepper Garlic- the sauce was light but not overwhelming that you can't taste the fish melty, fatty yumminess or the nice char.Deep Fried Geso- delicious!! perfectly cooked baby octopus is always a favorite for me.Salmon Lomi- it was just okay. It was more tomatos than anything.Ahi Poke- very nice version. ordered 2!Tako Kimchee- nice thin sliced octopus stirred in with kimchee.Hamachi Kama- I love kama and theirs had such a good char and perfectly crispy skinNigiri- the fish was fresh. The plus to me was that they do nigiri smaller than average (dont worry- the rice to fish ratio is very fairly proportional). Now some people might be taken aback since were all used to largesse given in cuts but, the smaller cut is perfectly bite sized and gives the opportunity to sample more variety. Some of these restaurants serve a two bite nigiri and with the BFs braces and jaw he dislikes how he has to bite in half and break it to eat. Standouts:Escolar/Super White Tuna- pretty good. Cajun Albacore- very nice seasoning and ponzu sauceCajun Tuna- this has the seasoning and then has a wasabi aioli which was quite unique and goodYellowtail- this is one of my favorite fish and it was very freshAll the rest were good too. Only one that was just okay was the mackerel which had a bit of a salty quality to it that isn't the norm.  We also got a special chef creation which was also a highlight of the night- it was a thin slab of rice on nori that was toasted to a crispy cake and topped with spicy chunks of tuna, thin slab of avocado, a dot of siracha, and a sweet sauce- probably eel sauce. It was very nice textures and flavors together. Rolls- not usually into rolls but only because most places its 90% california roll with different toppings and sauce. Boring. They had some interesting rolls. We tried The Croc which combined a few favorite elements- it has some spice, it has soft shell crab, sweetness from some unagi. Pretty good. I would have gotten more, but between just the two of us, whole rolls is a lot to eat and we wanted variety. Next time when we bring our friends to share with. They don't do half rolls, except on your very last roll you want to order.  I kept getting my favorite handroll though- salmon skin which is lovely here. Dessert- not just the standard ice cream or mochi, though they do offer that too. They have a malasada sundae, the 808 special and creme brulee. We got the malasada which was yummy and the creme brulee had nice flavors but it wasnt so solid as it should, more runny, but it was still good. I like that this place can satisfy appetizer people, nigiri people, roll people and even dessert people. It's that reason why I think this is my favorite that we can bring all types of ayce people and their needs can be met. It's $24.95, cheaper by a few bucks than most dinner ayce and I think has better quality than those that hit the $30 mark. They give you 90 minutes which I don't really need, but I just like places where they're not timing you....I think here they realize people like to pace and sometimes, you're just waiting for food since it's all made-to-order stuff. Did I mention the hospitality? The sushi chef/owner was very attentive, talkative and seems very cool. The staff never even let our ice teas hit halfway and came to check on us a few times to see if we want more appetizers from the kitchen. Oooh if I lived on this side of town I will come by all the time! Since I don't, we just have to make day trips to Henderson more often! Onolicious food, Hawaiian hospitality- whats not to love?!  ALOHA!
4	Yummy sushi!  We finally found a place to eat sushi in las Vegas - "The Island Sushi and Grill".  It's sooo good and it's all you can eat.  The ahi, tako and crab poke are addicting! The hamachi kama is to die for! All sushi are made to order and the desserts are good.  The malassada sundae is very delish, reminds me of Hawaii....
3	I went here solely for the malassadas. I got my malassadas and some butter mochi as well. Made the mistake of getting the chocolate filled malassadas, it had a weird slightly sour taste to it. I also got custard filled, didn't like that either. But I must say, the plain non-filled malassadas was da bomb, reminiscent of Leonard's back home with the yeast flavor. The butter mochi was ok, too oily/buttery for me.
3	Looking at all the good review of this place, I have a high expectation.Unfortunately, It's not as good as I expected.Price is good, Monday-Tuesday 50 percent off for all the rolls, dine in only.They have breakfast and get 20 percent off from 7 am to 10 amWednesday night, AYCE pay lunch price and get dinner value.Quick summary of what I had:Fried Tako and Octopus - overcook, taste a little bitter, it's been in the deep fryer too long.Tuna poke - lots of tuna, very simple dish, pretty much tuna sashimi mix with seaweed salad. Nothing specialKimchee tako, nothing special. Tako mix with kimchee..Baked mussel. a little citrus flavor mix with spicy mayo baked. Not so special either...Lomi Salmon, go get a salsa and mix it with salmon and salt. Not my favorite, can't finish it.Miso soup, not good...Sushi rolls looks not great, some rolls can't hold the shape, some okay. I will leave that to "depends on the chef".Most rolls is okay, only 1 that I think is good. Island special roll. Other than that, just so so or not good.Freshness, average 2-3 stars. Uni is the only one I think is okay.Ama ebi not fresh, color has changed,Deep fried head, not crispy enough, if it's not crispy enough, it's hard to enjoy the head. Beef teriyaki, better than expected. thin slice beef, tender with a little fat, almost like korean style beef barbeque.Hamachi Kama, okay. Not too dry, a little crispy outside, pretty good.Dessert is pretty good, creme brulee, 808 special (fried banana w ice cream), tempura ice cream. Service is pretty good, considering on how busy it was, they did pretty good job, refilling the drinks. Although, they don't remember which sushi goes to which person, they almost don't care actually. They should care a little bit if they want to have a 5 star service.If this is a regular sushi restaurant, only deserve 2 stars, but considering how busy they were and an all you can eat restaurant, 3 stars sounds like a better fit.Will i be back? No... sorry.
4	Wow I am in love, found the joint in a strip mall but was worth braving 100 degrees with pasty white skin for Island Sushi. Didn't go ayce cos my eyes are bigger then my stomach! I hate wasting food so ordered ala carte with the Scotsman. Had miso, Salmon Lomi and garlic ahi tuna to start..the tuna had great flavour and was a fave right away. For rolls we ordered the Big Island, Mauna Loa and another one with Cali roll topped with baked scallop and mushroom on top, the name escapes me cos I am working on 4 hours sleep while writing this after a night at the BJ tables in The Orleans. Hats off to the fantastic staff at Island, answered all our questions, and since it was Monday we got 50% off our rolls, Bonus!
2	I used to love island sushi but the quality of food and service has slipped so far that I may never go back. The sushi rolls were unrolling and the amount of time for service has taken a long time even when Island isn't packed. I know that ownership has changed and this may be why the whole experience has a cheapened feel to it. I may give it one last chance in the future but if it's the same as it has been then that's that. In the meantime I will be looking for another sushi restaurant with a regular menu and an all you can eat.
5	My boyfriend and I came here around 9:45pm on a Thursday. I was feining for some sushi and this was one of the only spots open pretty late.We sat down at the sushi bar and ordered  1lb of the ahi poke and five rolls. When the poke came out, we were shocked!  It was a huge mountain of poke!  We thought 1lb would be just enough for the both of us, but it ended up being a full platter of fish that could feed 4-5 people!!!The service was great, and the food was great.  When we got our bill, all the sushi was half off too!  I guess we came during happy hour. Even more kudos for Island Sushi!If you're coming to Vegas to party, this place will be a 15 minute drive off the strip, but worth it if you're not a sushi snob.
1	Worst service here, never coming here again!I came here last night to order some poke to-go. And from what I witness and experienced, they're really unprofessional. I've eaten here before and the service was excellent then, I don't know what has happened now. I came in and the girl who worked the counter took my order. I stood and waited because everyone else that came in, was dining. Just me and another man were waiting on our order. 20 minutes in neither one of us has gotten our food. I wished that they had a seating area for pickup. But the man got tired of waiting and from what I understand, they messed up and forgot his order, he waited... and he waited too long! So he demanded his money back after he waited an hour! I felt bad for them but understood why he was unhappy. He still had to wait to get his money back, but not in cash! In a gift certificate.. HA! Shows a lot of their character. Should of been a hint to leave but I still waited and I decided to ask the girl how much longer because people who came in after me got their order and I still had not gotten mines. She responded to me "what did you order?" much to my dismay. She sees me standing there and didn't even bother to ask me anything. If in her mind she didn't remember me ordering, shouldn't she have assisted me to see what I needed? So I told her and then she remembers. She ran back to the kitchen and came to me and apologized and said a couple more minutes. I waited about another 15 minutes and my order still didn't come. And the girl just ignored me. I could have thrown a fit like the guy did but I realized how embarrassed they were after he did that. So I stayed patient. The owner comes to me and asks me again what was I waiting on. Are you kidding me? Did they forget my order again? After I tell them for the second time, I see him going back to scoop up my poke, literally 3 minutes later he finally comes with my order. I will not be coming back. 40 minutes wait and the poke wasn't bad, but definitely not worth the wait. They need to learn how to run a business and be more punctual.
5	5 stars all the way for the Poke Express... All different kinds brah- da kine wit da furikake, wit da wasabi, and da salmon one, real ono! Took out 2 pounds to come back to LA to share and it was all gone.  Bento boxes real good too- gotta get the garlic chicken- that one so ono and make a good take out too! Real nice staff and real kine Hawaii folk too, so make us feel right at home! (Or at least, would make my parents feel right at home!) LOL!Oh yeah- got malasadas too-- good, but I do like beignets better- no yeast/donut taste... das just me tho'.
4	AYCE Sushi! I am usually super duper disappointed with the AYCE sushi places bc they tend to limit the menu to certain items and they're usually items that I do not like... NOT HERE! Liked it all! They had my favs and usuals, scallop roll, poke, and garlic tuna. Poke was good and they give a nice size amount for one serving, garlic tuna had too much ginger and the scallops were cooked, not what I'm used to but they were all pretty tasty. The dessert was pretty good on the AYCE too. I think it was called the Island Special, basically ice cream and fruit. Simple but refreshing! The quality of the sushi was good, service was good and the restrooms were clean but c'mon, put some hand soap in the bathroom! They had a sink and paper towels but no soap, what in the heck?! Sorry, had to knock a star off for that, I'm a level 4 germ-a-phobe so it was real bothersome that I had to use my hand sanitizer rather than use what's supposed to be available to you by health department standards. One other thing that I was pretty disappointed with what that this place is called Island Sushi and a majority of the people that come in to eat here get AYCE sushi but-- they didn't include the malasadas in the AYCE Menu. Not a big deal but I would've rather have had them... Been awhile since I've had them :(Word to the wise... You have to decide whether or not you want AYCE right away, they're sticklers for it. My sister-in-law ordered edamame and then decided that she wanted AYCE after the order had been put in and and they said that they had to charge her for it because they "can't" change it out.
4	We went here with a large group of friends.  The place was pretty packed - a good sign.  They were able to accommodate for our party quickly.  Service was fine - not fast, but not slow.  The atmosphere is nice and friendly - it has a great casual Hawaiian vibe.  I would say that the bento box prices are slightly higher than other places, but they give you more food than most - so its pretty fair.We ordered the one of the meals that came with 3 items (we got the fried scallops, the veggie tempura, and beef teriyaki).  The fried scallops were sooo good!  I would come back just for those... they were large and had a great flavor.  The veggie tempura was good (it came with two huge pieces of sweet potato which is my fav kind).  Beef teriyaki was better than most places, but nothing to rave about in my opinion.  We had California rolls and a tuna roll on the side - pretty standard.  For dessert, we got the 808 special.  It's like a banana split, but with fried banana.  LOVED it!  It came with our meal and I was impressed with the size of it considering most of the time meals don't even come with desert!I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a chill place to have sushi.  We'll probably be back.
5	when we walked into island sushi, the first people we saw were some local looking people from hawaii.  so already, this is a GOOD sign! the food gotta be good here if people from home are eating here!we felt like we were still in hawaii at this place, even our nice waitress looked like one local.  my wife did her research which is why we ended up here.  she already knew what she was gonna order so she starts rattling off a whole bunch of stuff to our waitress who goes, "you sure you no like get the all you can eat? most of those things are on the all you can eat menu.".   so we went that route.  ordered 2 orders of teri beef, 2 orders salmon katsu, 2 orders of poke, vegetable tempura, edamame, miso soup, and somen salad.  for the rolls, we got the katsu roll, ahi fever roll, lahaina roll, california roll, poke roll, island special roll, and 007 roll.  our favorite was the the katsu roll.  i almost thought we werent gonna finish everything, but we did! every last bit.  and for dessert we got green tea ice cream (it comes with the ayce!).  by then, we were so full so we just shared one.  check out their website, it describes all the rolls on there.  will definitely be back here again next time we come to vegas.
5	I've tried a lot of AYCE sushi places here in Vegas and this is definitely in my top 3.  If it were on my side of town, it would be my #1.Our service has always been super friendly and their variety of rolls is FABULOUS.  Every roll we have tried has been really yummy.  I also love that they don't limit their menu when you order AYCE (there's lots of fun non-sushi stuff to try, too) and the servers don't act like Nazis making sure you eat every last grain of rice.   Great place!
5	this place is definitely a favorite!!!i like that they have a "local foods" (fast food) side and a "sushi side" (full service). the fast food side serves the regular island style fast food (my favorites - roast pork, garlic ahi, garlic noodles, mochiko chicken, garlic chicken and loco moco) and the  mend the weekend brunch) and bentos and combination plates, and alcohol of course. their bento boxes are a great deal! soup, salad, edamame, cali roll, and your choice of side items (i normally get a 3 item bento box with hamachi sashimi, mochiko chicken and salmon teri and if i remember right its only $17) and you get dessert!!! (i recommend the malasada sundae or the 808 special. both reeeeally good!!!we went in on superbowl sunday for their AYCE. we caught it just in time for brunch, and their selection was perfect! its different every week, but we were lucky to try their ribs. soooo good!!! i like that they include AYCE desserts too. green tea tiramisu and creme brulee are favorites!!!island sushi has tons of bakery items, as well as poke express, where they sell many different kinds of poke by weight, and make them to order.now that im not on that side of town, i crave their food all the time. i try to come back as often as i can though! i almost forgot - service is great! everyone is very nice and theyre really attentive to their guests, more so on the sushi side. probably best service i've had for AYCE sushi.
2	I'm really sad I have to come back and udate my review.  We visited Island again last Friday and had a pretty bad experience.  The service was AWFUL.  We went as a group of 6.... all ordered AYCE.  We had to wait almost 40 minutes between our first order and our second.  That's really unacceptable.As far as we could see, there were only 2 guys actually making the sushi.  On a Friday night at 6:30?  That's crazy.  And that would probably explain what the hold up was.Our waitress wouldn't even come near us or make eye contact with us during that 40 minutes, while we were trying to get her attention to find out what was going on.  When we finally flagged down a DIFFERENT server to ask what the problem was, he acted like he couldn't care less.  "Yeah, we know we're having problems.  You have 90 minutes, don't worry."  Lame.There were still some very yummy rolls, but worth waiting an hour and a half for?  Not at all.  It was very disappointing.
3	We found this place from some of our friends who took pictures of the food and posted it on their FB. We are happy they did! The Poke Express was def. different for me. Never ordered ahi poke to go like that.  We ordered a quarter lb of the poke furikake, hawaiian, and the spicy poke. Decent priced. We also ordered to go... the teriyaki beef with noodle combo & the garlic chicken combo. I kinda felt like i should have asked, "can i have some beef with my noodles?" Don't get me wrong, the noodles were good, but I felt like there was just not enough beef.... or chicken.The staff at the Poke Express area was very very nice. But the rest of the staff behind the grill and register are kinda rude and snoody. And from reading other reviews, it seems like these people have good days and bad days. Word of advice for those moody people.... please leave your bad attitude at home. Its a good thing that the food and the Poke Express person was nice, or i would give this place two stars.
5	Only place you can find Fanta Fruit Punch!  Liking the malassadas too :)
4	My cousin took us (and about 10 other members of my family) here for dinner.  3 stars for quality of food and additional star for selection of food. We all got the all you can eat sushi, and for 10 fatties, it was a great deal.. 90 minute time limit was more than enough to stuff our faces with sushi.  I have to admit that the Nigiri was totally worth it.. fish to rice ratio was great.  Big pieces of fish with smaller amounts of rice made the hamachi nigiri a go-to favorite of the night.  Another must is the eggplant fries! My boyfriend isn't a sushi fan, but he loved the garlic chicken and the eggplant fries. Another aspect on their menu is the malasada sundae... and their desserts in general.  A lot of sushi places just have green tea or mochi ice cream as a dessert... Island Sushi has tempura ice cream, brownie sundaes... yum. I would definitely come back on my next Vegas vacation.
5	Not to bad for the all you can eat dealService was greatBring a big appetite
5	I'm not big on giving 5 stars but I think this place deserves it. I have been searching for THE sushi place in Vegas and now I have found it! This is clear across town from where I live, but worth the drive every once in a while. I have been reading the reviews for the place and it had me so excited! Finally, for my bf's birthday, who is a sushi fanatic, we tried Island Sushi.I like the idea of hawaiian fusion mix. We got here, a small sushi restaurant connected to Poke Express, and sat at the bar. We arrived around 4:15p, so it was still early and there weren't many people here at all. I think our sushi chef, Terrence, seemed like an owner or something. Not sure, but he was awesome! I told him it was our first time there and we had heard about it from Yelp, and he explained everything to us and gave us a special treat in the end.So first off, we are Uni fans. HAD TO try the uni. It was fresh! Also had the hamachi and salmon. And some other stuff, don't remember. But everything was fresh. They also had a good variety of appetizers to choose from, different types of poke, some traditional sushi apps, and some hawaiian type apps. We ordered... hamachi kama (not a big fan but it wasn't bad), eggplant fries (YUM!!), crab poke (didn't know how to eat it!), little fried octopus (like calamari and it was super yummy! it looked cute too), also.. a couple other things. Can't remember it all, but nothing disappointed me at all. Some went far above expectations.For the rolls, they had a decent variety and we couldn't decide what to try. They don't really do half orders (only on your last roll you can do a half). So Terrence asked us what we liked and just made some rolls for us. One had hamachi inside and outside and it was great. Also had the Big Island Roll. Did a half order of one the soft shell crab rolls (don't remember the name) and then there was another roll, but don't remember.And then the desserts! We were limited to one dessert each which was a bummer. Yama Sushi is unlimited but they don't have the variety like Island Sushi! I got the 808 rolls after seeing all the pictures of it. Its deep fried banana with ice cream and whipped cream with fresh strawberries and chocolate syrup. My bf got malasadas (deep fried dough) with ice cream and whipped cream and strawberry sauce. Delicious! Not to mention they gave us mini puffs because we are yelpers! (well at least I am).Overall, great experience. Their prices are decent. And they gave my bf half off since it was his birthday (we didn't even ask for it). Terrence is great! And the food was fresh and delicious. The servers were nice and the food came out quickly. If only they had a location closer to me, but you can't have everything right? I would go back to this place weekly if I could, but my waistline would not be happy with that. But I definitely recommend this place to everyone.ALSO!! Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday they have 1/2 off rolls all day. Other days they have half off rolls certain hours for happy hour. Check their website for specials. And they have a full bakery attached to Poke Express (same place). Yum.
5	Island sushi is by far the "bestest" place for island style food and broke da mouth sushi rolls!!!! We eat here about 4-5 times a month and it has always been Ono-licious!!!! The ISG crew is very friendly, attentive and fast!!!! I recommend EVERYTHING!!!!
3	Good place to drop in for lunch.  Sat at the sushi bar and was in and out in an hour easy.... came in hungry, left really full.  There fish isn't the greatest for AYCE.   And I'm not normally an AYCE fan... but for lunch this place is pretty good.   I'd actually give it 3.5 stars.Service: 4 stars - people are really nice and my tea and water were never emptyMenu selection: 4 stars - they have everything from sushi to plate lunchFish quality: 3 stars - not as flavorful or interesting/unique as other places like Naked FishRolls: good selection but not overly crazy variations... and you can ask to have a roll customized for youGinger: 3 stars - I'm a Ginger fan and was a bit disappointed that there's didn't taste as fresh as I was hoping... it was a little tough and didn't have the sweetness and punch combo I likeRestaurant ambiance: 3 stars - nothing special but it's clean and doesn't smell like fishBakery section: 4 stars - their desserts always look amazing but I have yet to give in to my desire to eat themPoke counter: n/a - have not enjoyed the Poke yet so I'm going back later this week to try itParking: easy, lot out front is rarely filledLocation: easy to find, faces Eastern just south of the 215, and is in a little strip mall
5	Two words when ordering on the Grill side, GARLIC CHICKEN! It's the closest thing to the Mitsuken restaurant in Hawaii, and boy let me tell you that is some bomb ass Garlic Chicken.  Everything else on the menu is A-OK, and so is the poke.  It isn't anything to rave about, but I do make do since I can't have it fresh like home.  On the sushi side, it's bueno! I think it's just me, but I love how the rice is.  It isn't too sticky or moist, it's just right.  Also, a keynote when ordering get the deep fried gesu.  OMG! It's amazing, especially with their mayo sauce.  It just makes everything taste better! I tend to think that the sashimi tastes better on sushi, so if you're craving raw fish.  Go for their sushi, it tastes a heck of a lot better. Being from the Island, I say go here if you're craving the island food. It does live up to par, I just wish the poke came right from the ocean. Vegas needs a beach, so we can get a fish fresh!
4	The food really good here, the service is great and they're from Hawaii.  Nothing I like more is to support Hawaii residents spreading the Aloha and our culture.  The mochiko chicken, garlic chicken, shrimp tempura  and sushi is all good!  The green tea ice cream and the 808 Special is good for dessert.  I think after 7 or 8 it's 50% off sushi.
4	The sushi here was very delicious and felt fresher than most AYCE sushi places I've tried, even ones on the strip.  The Candy Cane roll is a must!  It was so good we got two.   The rolls are about $11 each so if you can easily break even (or make money, if your economics are as weird as mine) on the $20 AYCE special.The sake was pretty good, and with a couple bottles of Sake between us it came to $50ish?  It was worth its weight in.. deliciousness!
5	My bf and I found this place on yelp and fell in love with it in August.  We just went back on Monday and took advantage of the AYCE. Our waitress was super friendly and nice; actually, all the waitresses were awesome.  I love the service and the food.  Our favorites are: Island Roll, Dragon Roll, Tuna Belly, Ahi Poke, Octopus Kim Chi. We ate more than $150 worth, but only paid the awesome price of $25/person.  We ate so much, we passed out in the car.  That didn't stop us from having the same sushi craving the next day.  Love Island Sushi!!!We'll be sure to make it a ritual to come here every time we're in Vegas.
3	i went here a while back and tried the mochiko chicken, spam musubi and garlic chicken. all are good items to order. however, i must admit, the spam musubi was a bit dry. i like my musubis with some kind of sauce on it - teriyaki or shoyu/sugar. my bf and i went here today. he ordered the garlic chicken (mind that he's tried it before and absolutely LOVED it) and was utterly disappointed by the look and taste of it. it was not at all how he remembered it. not crispy and not very garlicy. my conclusion:  they make good food, but not consistently. and like a good golf swing, consistency is key! side note:  they have sushi, all-you-can-eat, bakery goods and most impressive, poke express!
5	My boyfriend and I found ourselves visiting Las Vegas again and we knew that we must go to Island Sushi for AYCE sushi again. This time we went for lunch on a Wednesday and it was a little busy. The sushi was great and again the Nigiri was fresh. After enjoying our rolls and Nigiri we had the 808 special. It tasted even better than last time. Island Sushi you lived up to what we had been craving since we visited last year. If you are looking for a good AYCE sushi place this is THE place to go in Las Vegas. We will go back to Island Sushi again next time we visit Las Vegas!
3	The service need some improvement be more friendly the sushi are alright I give a 3 star overal
5	Awesome Hawaiian Plate Lunches and Poke Bar, prices are very reasonable and the tastes are definately Island Style.
3	I would have rated 2 stars, but because of the Sunday Brunch with added pupus/apps, it deserves the 3rd star. I know it's called Island Sushi, and the owner is from Hawaii, but, I don't care much for the raw fish, sushi, or rolls here. I swear I've tasted much better, fresher fish. in addition, they DROWN their rolls in a watery, too sweet, unagi sauce. (I'm used to the kabayaki unagi sauce, which is dark and rich, and found at most other sushi restaurants here in Vegas,)The only roll that I can remember from here is the Candy Cane Roll, but, still, it's no big thing. But, in any case, I return here with my boyfriend every once in a great while to fill my tummy with pupus/appetizers galore! The selection of appetizers that they offer is VAST in comparison to many other sushi bars ON SUNDAYS. I like the mochiko chicken, eggplant fries, and their tempura sauce! It is sweeter than most places, which i happen to like as well. The Sunday list changes a lot, and it includes mini desserts too. I always get a creme brulee to finish.The service is decent at best, some waitresses a little friendlier than the others, and the decor, is... well, i don't know how you would call it, but I guess, they're trying too hard for the local island feel. I am definitely not fond of the digital photo frames up next to our table, showcasing various rolls,random groups of people, and, then, seeing it in a never ending loop from the corner of your eye! In any case, you just might find me there eating a plate lunch on the grill side. ;)
3	I like the food here but this reveiw is just for the some of the desserts:1. Guava Cake - I was craving for some Guava cake so even though I came to the conclusion that I don't like the Guava cake here I decided to give it another try...Yup, I don't like it- The Guava Paste/Jelly on the cake just doesn't have a good Guava flavoring at all, it's just sweet. Oh, how I wish someone on this side of town could make some good Guava Chiffon cake just  like in Hawaii!!!!2. Cream Puffs - The pudding on top and inside is just so overpowering - Hmm, I don't know- it was just way too much. So, even though I didn't care for these 2 items doesn't mean that I don't like/enjoy everything else in this place cause I do. They do make hella good Malasadas, Banana Bread & Garlic Chicken.
5	my friends took me here. i believe they found it here on yelp. the location is great cause it like 10 min from my apt on gv pkwy. there are so many great things about this place i really cant get enough of it. i go about 2 times a month maybe more. the all you can eat is a great deal cause i love to put some rolls away. it is great priced too. i usually start out with an ahi poke and some gezo. then the rolls start coming. from the chey to the island to the black widow. i don't believe i have ever had a roll i didn't like. the fish is very FRESH. the rolls are very nicely put together and displayed. all the appetizers are great. the other thing about the place is the staff ROCK. they are all super friendly. they are on the ball. they get your drinks regularly without asking. they are quick with anything you need yet are nice enough for a lil chit chat at the table. every one is super friendly, and keep the place clean. so lets review- fish fresh? YES friendly amazing staff? YES clean place? YES nicely decorated? YES would i go back? YES, many times should you go? YES
4	We tried Island Sushi a few times when they first opened and they only had a sit down restaurant. Back then they had so-so food (we had ok sushi) and average service. Unfortunately, we weren't that impressed and wrote them off. Then about a year ago a friend said that IS has opened up a grill section on the opposite side of the sit down restaurant with a very different menu filled with local plate lunch favorites. We heard a lot of good things about their plate lunches, so we had to give them a try.We walked in during a lunch rush and the first thing I noticed is how empty the sushi and sit down area was and how packed the new grill section was.  I looked over the new menu and was impressed. They had everything...breakfast plates, saimin, burgers, bentos, and many of the plate lunches you would eat in Hawaii.  They also had a dessert case with all kinds of sweets...cakes (chantilly, guava, & haupia), mochi, cocoa puffs (don't do it, they are FAR from Liliha Bakery's gems!), and cookies. And they do make malasada's and they are pretty good. We also had AYCE ($20.99/ person) lunch sushi menu which was very good for the price. They also have a Poke Express in the back of the restaurant.  If you are hosting any party, this is where you should get your poke. They have a wide variety of poke dishes, ahi, tako, shoyu, crab, etc.Our favorites:Garlic or Mochiko chickenAhi Belly is onoHamburger steakBentos for $8 you can't go wrong. Tako Poke Love their breakfast menu- Loco Moco with fried riceIsland Sushi Specials: menuHappy Hour50% off all sushi rolls + drinks specialsMonday, Tuesday, Wednesday     All Day Drink Specials$3.00 Large Beer$2.25 Hot Sake$4.00 Saketini#1.50 Small Beer$2.00 Sake Bomb Sushi & Pupu (Appetizer) BrunchAYCE sushi plus Hawaiian pupu menu for $20.95Sundays                    11:30 AM - 3:00 PM AYCE Lunch & DinnerLunch-$20.99Dinner-$24.95If you had an ok experience with IS, you should give them another shot. I'm glad we did. They stepped up their game and service. Shaka brah
5	This place was absolutely delicious. Fresh sushi.
5	Most AMAZING Sunday brunch all-you-can-eat menu.  The menu items change weekly and never cease to amaze me with creative fusions.  Go hungry!!
3	This review is based on their Grill Section of the restaurant.Been coming here and having lunch with the girls often since it's closer to their work.Their prices are pretty reasonable.This last trip there, I had their bento box combo with Teri beef and mochiko chicken. Both the teri beef and mochiko chicken was a tad on a sweeter side. I did enjoyed it and my son enjoyed the noodles that come with it.I had their saimin (previous trip) and it's not the greatest saimin I've had...Overall, the food, I give it a 3 1/2 stars.Service is more of a 4 stars.
4	I went to their weekly Sunday Pupu (appetizer) brunch which includes a special Hawaii Pupu menu + the regular AYCE lunch menu for the same price as a regular lunch AYCE, pretty good deal if you ask me. Ive eaten at the sushi side a couple of times and just as it was before the service was eeeh ok at best, i expected better and faster service since its not always full capacity when we go.I really enjoyed the extra pupus that you can order, my favorite was the "seared garlic-peppered ahi belly" that was the best thing on there, but the only bad thing was that it was limit one order per person, so i recommend getting that as one of the last of your sushi orders, my favorite dessert from the pupu menu was their small slush or ice cream float shot, the one on the menu this time as the green apple slush float shot, it was very very good i got a brain freeze after downing a couple lol. The rest of the menu was just ok nothing really special.For the grill side i always used to drive 8 miles just to get their bento or malasadas, pretty far drive just for some food but its worth it when i have the Hawaii food craving, i don't go there much anymore since i always hit up the IslandbreezeLV truck which is almost always closer to me than Island Sushi.
3	Good all you can eat! Quality is good and so is taste. It's a little far off you're in Vegas and staying on the strip but if you're in Vegas all the time then you should try this place.
4	Much better than I thought it would be. The door on the left is called Poke Express and we came in that way, but wanted the Sushi restaurant. The girl at the counter asked if we wanted a table or sit at the sushi bar, we wanted a table. There were long rows of tables that were open, but apparently not available for a party of 2, so the girl said it would be a few minutes wait. Then another party of 2 comes in and they get a table right away. What? They wanted to plug in their ipod so they got a table by the wall. We were like, "What?". So we just headed right for the susi bar and it was kinda messy. The owner came out and cleared the place pretty quickly. We started out with some spicy tuna roll and it was really good. The tuna looks different from other spicy tuna, but was good never the less. The bite size pieces were just perfect on all the rolls. They are not too big or not too small, rolled nicely so that they don't fall apart. The All you can eat at dinner is $25 for 90 minutes so I am sure some diners can do quite a bit of damage here for that price and time limit. We did a good job, but finished in less than a hour. Overall it was a nice place an we will be back for more sushi. The "Poke Express" side on the left has some nice looking noodle bowls and we want to try some saimin soon. This place has potential and we'll be back to try more "Aloha" food. Good job except our entrance experience.
5	Simply very good fresh sushi, the 50% off helps a lot as it makes a great price point !Very fresh and amazing MISO soup.
2	i came here to eat a few times since the review and a lot of my friends told me that this place was good.  First I tried the hawaiian side which was not bad, but it wasn't great.  The Food I must say lacked flavor.  I ate the Mochiko Chicken and the Beef stew and they could use more flavor in the dishes.  It was pretty bland. A few days later I decided to try the Sushi side and again it wasn't great but not bad.  the Rice was overcooked and they did not use enough sugar in their sushi rice vinegar which made it a little bitter.  and anyone who is a lover of great sushi knows the rice is the most important ingredient to sushi not the fish.  oh by the way the salmon was really bland.  I decided to take home some baked goods home so I can eat it after at home..  I got some Malasadas, a custard pie and guava cake..I took it home and decided that i couldn't wait and ate them immidiately.  i'm sorry but the malasadas was hard as a rock.  Not fluffy at all.  The custard pie was good except the crust was too salty.  and the cake was good also but the cake part was very dry.  It seems that they do not have any quality check going on at this restaurant.  or they just don't care.
2	Yelpers had many good things to say about this place, so I decided to give it a try.  The restaurant decor is simple and clean. I appreciated the digital frames at tables near wall that flashed photos of food and patrons.Servers were friendly but we were neglected as soon as it got busy and they forgot a few things we ordered. This maybe a problem for people since there is a 90min limit on AYCE sushi.   Now for the food:Ahi Poke, 5 StarFresh tasting with good color. Garlic Chicken, 5 StarJuicy and flavorful. Macaroni Salad, 1 StarIt was too salty and eggy for my taste.Fried Oysters, 2.5 StarOn the burnt side losing the taste of the oyster. See my pic.Sushi (Variety), 2.5 StarThe taste and fresh color of the fish was not there, the presentation looked slapped together, rushed and mushy. Blah.808 Special, 2.5 StarNothing too special about a fried banana, vanilla ice cream, whip cream. It was just bland.Malasada Sundae, 2.5 StarThe malasada tasted old and hard. Vanilla ice cream and whip cream didn't do anything for it, either. Bland.The drinks were on the bigger side which does not merit stars but definitely appreciated.  I don't have a reason to come back.
5	Aloha LV Yelpers!Came to Island Sushi about 3 years ago when I was visiting Vegas... stopped by to pick up a plate lunch to go... 3 years later... I'm back at Island Sushi as a Las Vegas resident! Came here the other night... AYCE!!!I'm a huge fan! Everything I love from seaweed salad, poke, lomi salmon, mochiko chicken, garlic chicken, teri beef, malasada, coco puffs, unique rolls with fun names... I'm sold!I wish I.S. was closer to me... I would be there weekly for sure! If you're looking for Hawaiian food and sushi with a local twist... Island Sushi is the hot spot!I feel at home when I'm here... locals everywhere... Big Island pictures on the wall... including Hilo my hometown... one of the girls working there as a server is from Hilo... I love being around Hawaii people!I'll be back for my Hawaiian fix... AYCE works for me! A must while in Vegas!Mahalo Island Sushi!-Miss Yelp 2011
5	Best Happy Hour for Sushi in Las Vegas! Fast ServiceCheap BeerFriendly StaffLate night happy hour is awesome 9-close!5 stars
4	I came here again a few weeks ago, and was a little disappointed the food didn't live up to my memory.The first time I came, this WAS THE BEST SUSHI ROLLS I ever had.  Now, it's really good, but the rolls didn't pop.  The sushi didn't seem as fresh and vigorous as before, and the presentation was also a little bit underwhelming.Still, very good sushi and I would eat here again if in the area;  Probably won't make a 200 mile detour trip like I did this last time though.
3	Pretty decent to get your AYCE sushi fix. My fiance and I ate by the sushi bar and based off the random rolls and nigiri pieces we picked out, I thought this place was "ok" as I judge my sushi by quality over quantity. (Though, I will say, it is expected that quality does go slightly down in an AYCE sushi place compared on one that isn't AYCE so my opinion might not be too fair.)Finishing off my meal with the 808 dessert was quite a treat. The service didn't stand out to me and the inside of the restaurant doesn't appear to be anything special either. On one last note, I do order breakfast with Island Sushi more frequently than I do sushi and love their menu. I usually order a two egg plate and malasadas. Their malasadas are made to order. I thought their malasadas are "ok" as well; it tastes too dense for me and the custard filled one kinda tastes like instant jello pudding mix.
5	LOVED IT! great staff and the best Hawaiian food outside of HI.. i always craved good Hawaiian food, but could never find it, until i came here! always a great choice!!
4	Read through the reviews, and decided on trying the garlic chicken and deep fried octopus appetizers. Both were good, but the chicken was a standout. It had a nice thin coating, and the garlic sauce was fucking delicious.The Island Special roll with spicy soft crab and tuna was tasty as well. Our server, and sushi chef were very attentive even though it was busy. Make sure to go during happy hour (Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday) for %50 percent off all rolls, and drink specials. We ordered a bunch of rolls, and apps, but the bill was still below $50. What a deal!
5	Don't come on a busy brunch day, too busyThis is my new favorite place...AYCE Sushi for $20....WHAAAAT! Ridiculous right? Even I couldn't believe it but it's true, and it comes with dessert.Start off with fresh shoyu poke...then sashimi...then the rolls...then do it all over again until you get kicked out or your stomach explodes haha.Staff us awesome and they now have Poke Express so you can take home fresh poke. Kinda pricey but it's the closest thing to being home away from home. They got OK pastries and local bentos which is a plus when you want a home-feel.I love this place...AWESOME!
5	Alright as a newbie here in the LV my friend Jenn brought me here with a bunch of her friends to eat. Def. a warm welcome to Vegas as i just moved here 2 days prior to this dinner. I must say the food is definitely awesome and reminds me of home but then of course the owners are from Hawaii!!! Huge fan of the place and the owners are great as well. The food selection is huge and the prices cant be beat especially if you do buffet style for 20 some what dollar's. The service is also on point here and the staff is definitely super friendly and i would totally tell my friends to come here for there sushi cravings!  I do wish this place was closer to me then i would go a little more often haha but no matter, its still worth the drive!!!
4	I live in LA and I literally crave their poke that it makes me want to drive 4 hours just to have some!Only con is that parking can be difficult at times and there's not enough seats to accommodate a lot of people. Other than that, the food is unforgettable!
5	best AYCE sushi!!! seriously this is one of the reason why i come to vegas. the quality is pretty good and they have very good sides as well! fried oysters, seaweed salad, teriyaki, etc. they also have many rolls to choose from too! very worth it!!! they also have ahi poke!!
2	Despite my anticipation going in, I was underwhelmed. This is an unassuming little place tucked in a strip mall on Eastern. When you walk in, you enter the grill side (order at counter). To the right, is the sushi side. Both sides have a sort of dive feel. And not that "isn't this so neat" dive feel. More of the "where's the posted letter grade" dive feel.The servers were definitely friendly and the service was perfectly fine. The menu is fairly lengthy with a good variety of different types of rolls. I tried 4 different sushi rolls and the edamame. All were just "eh". Everything was too squishy and nothing tasted particularly fresh. And I wasn't impressed by any of the flavor combinations (despite them sounding good).Maybe I just ordered the wrong items? Neither the food nor the atmosphere made the mark for me. There are definitely far better strip mall sushi joints out there.
4	This was a last minute, drive by decision that fit our timing on a late weekday afternoon.  What a wonderful surprise!  Our timing must have been good, cuz we got right in with no wait.We got in on the All You Can Eat sushi lunch for 20 bucks.  The rolls were really good and the staff was super attentive.  Tiger roll, Mount Charelston roll - thumbs up.  The spicy scallop?  Seems to be a different standard out west, and not my favorite Tsu Kasa style.  The tuna was sublime.  Seaweed salad - the perfect serving size.  Shrimp Tempura - amazingly perfect.  Tried the Ikura (Salmon Roe) but realized I hadn't quite evolved that far.I would go back to this place again and again.
3	3.5 Stars. Great food that comes with oblivious service. I really want to give it four stars, but missing and unfinished rolls can't justify it. Las Vegas is dubbed an honorary island due to "Local Kine" diaspora/migration to the desert, and as a result, we get lots of Hawaiian eateries in the valley. Yay! I personally do not like macaroni salad, deep-fried rolls, any roll that contains cream cheese, and sweet sauces. All these preferences go against many Americanized sushi and Hawaiian food protocol. Take my review with a grain of salt. Their poke is delicious (at $10/lbs for takeout). Me and spicy food are like kindred spirits. I recommend the Lava Lover and Spicy Mexican. The standard Rainbow roll is tasty as well. The all-you-can-eat is a good deal, as long as you can grub until you burst. I love how the rolls aren't stuffed with rice like other places, but I don't like how many of the rolls are doused with this sweet sauce (miso? eel? ponzu? not sure) which was not pleasant and weird. Now only if they didn't forget my rolls, I would highly recommend it.
4	My Island Sushi cherry has officially been popped! My cousins have been telling me to try this place out for months, and finally we all got together to feast!! (I was the only newbie).WHERE: Located on Eastern & Serene.WHAT: As a first-timer, I had to do AYCE!! Wouldn't it be a waste if I didn't eat all I could?!! Ok so back to my experience.  I am in love with baked rolls, and the only downside to this place was that AYCE did not have ANY baked rolls whatsoever! I was bummed at first, but when I tried what they did have, my "bummness level" decreased.WHAT I HAD:The appetizers I had were: ahi poke (I might have to say that this is one of the best I've tasted in town! It was very fresh and tasty), mochiko chicken (ahh, I fell in love after the first bite!), seaweed salad (sweet & delishhhh), and baked mussels (always one of my favorites when on any menu).Special Sushi rolls I had:-Mt. Charleston roll; Since they didn't have baked rolls, they did have baked scallops on this roll.  I had to take advantage because this was the closest thing to baked that I'd be getting that night. Haha, when I did get my roll, I was very pleased!-Ahi Poke roll; I apparently couldn't get enough of the tuna in my system, I needed more! Kudos to this roll though =).-Island Special roll; this roll was my all time favorite! Everyone must have this! It hit the spot indeed.*NOTE: if you do decide to do AYCE, you get to choose a free dessert! I always have room for dessert in my tummy =D. There were malasada&icecream, brownie&icecream, just plain icecream, mochi, and I believe there were a couple more.  I settled for my mango mochi of course.WHY: A lot of people have been comparing Island Sushi to 808 Sushi (because of the whole owner/chef switch, I actually am not so clear of it myself), but I have personally come to conclude that Island Sushi defeats 808 Sushi in my book.
5	What's not to love about this place?!  It's located away from all the busyness that is the Las Vegas Strip, it's decently priced, the fish is quality grade, and the AYCE menu is huge.Ever since trying this joint out a couple years back, every trip to Vegas is not complete until we have a dinner at Island Sushi!  The staff is so friendly and attentive, the food tastes great, and the atmosphere just feels homey.The latest time around, I decided to get only nigirizushi.  No rolls at all.  The menu for this AYCE is huge.  I had three rounds of several types of nigiri each round and still didn't make it thru the whole nigiri menu.  I didn't come across one I totally didn't like either.  Favorites would be the mackerel and the super white.  Oh so delicious.  They have a huge appetizer menu as well.  For appetizers be sure to get a couple orders of the baked green mussels.  They add a little extra spiciness to theirs that make them so tasty.If I remember correctly (from past visits) the rolls are pretty decent sized aren't heavy handed on the rice.  I like how they don't try to stuff you up with extra rice on rolls or even the nigirizushi.  They truly allow you an all you can eat experience.Nothing ends a meal like a great dessert (again a decent size for an AYCE).  Only one per person, and you can't mix and match so, be sure to get the 808 special and the green tea ice cream.  Then you can have the 808 special with green tea ice cream!Can't have a trip to Vegas anymore without stopping by here at least once.  Thanks Island Sushi for the wonderful food and hospitality!
5	All you can eat sushi and appetizers for $21 @ lunchThe all you can eat menu has plenty of items to choose from (both appetizers and sushi) and they all tasted great. Nice service as well.Beware of sushi induced FOMA! Will return!
5	Loved it!  Wasn't sure if a Hawaiian joint would have good AYCE sushi, but it really was!  And to top it off, great service!!!
4	I absolutely love the food here! The sushi is amazing! I'm definitely going to be a returning patron :)the only reason i'm giving four stars and not five is because when i ate lunch there me and my mom were excited about the lunch special where all rolls were HALF off. wow! however, after ordering several rolls and stuffing ourselves to the brim..we asked for a box to take the rest home. here's the catch: it's half off, but if you don't finish, sorry. you can't take it home. it's considered a "dine-in only" special..this makes sense from a monetary stance i guess. however, it would've been more polite for the waitress to have informed us of that PRIOR to ordering about this little rule.
1	Maybe our mistake was going on a Saturday night, or having the high expectation of cleanliness when consuming raw fish. We were here for five minutes. The hostess offered to seat us at the sushi bar because that was the only seating available. We said sure. Upon seating down my sense went into overdrive. First: My chair was rocking back and forth and felt like it could collapse at any moment.Second: The fish in front of us, the fish being used to make sushi, was not looking so hot.Third: The smell coming from the fish made me sick to my tummy.Fourth: The view we had of the kitchen, the one preparing raw fish, was dirty, dirty, dirty.That was all it took. My husband looked at me, we both said "okay", got up and walked out.
4	A local recommended this place to us for AYCE sushi.  My husband and I were craving japanese food, so we said why not.  The service was great.  They adapted to our screaming child who refused to go to sleep.  They have a 90 min. time limit on the AYCE part, which sucks.  But I can see why they do that since the place is pretty small.  Their ahi poke was yummy.  My hubby couldn't stop eating it!  I ate more than him and our other guy friend.  I ordered the tempura ice cream for dessert.  The batter didn't taste that great, but it was a nice treat.
5	Garlic chicken is the best.
5	I've tried a bunch of AYCE sushi places in town...Oishi, 808, Hikari, Sushi Mon...and Island Sushi is the best one so far.  Some of the menu standouts are...ahi belly, Poke, Garlic chicken and the hamachi kama.  Most places overcook their hamachi kama so it comes out dry...not island sushi.  Theirs was cooked to perfection...moist and tasty.  Their nigiri rolls were also very good with the fish being very fresh.We had a bunch of rolls but I wont go too much into those as they pretty much taste the same everyewhere.  One thing to point out though, is that they offer a variety of deserts with their AYCE.  We tried the malasada ice cream, tempura ice cream and creme brulee.  I like the malasada ice cream best...an interesting combination for sure.On a side note, on the day we went, the AC was either broken or not on? It was hooottt in there.  At one point, I looked over at the thermometer on the wall and it read 86 degrees! damn!  Hope its not like that all the time.we live on the southwest side and would gladly pass up 808 sushi to come here.....
5	YUMMMMMMY! My fave are the tiger, big island, and crunch roll. Happy hour is the best! I'm obsessed with this place.
5	This place is a great secret.  For all of you who want to experience the best "buffet" in Vegas of sorts, come here.  It's an ayce sushi menu out of this world.  The selection is amazing and the fish is super fresh, and will never have a fishy smell to it.   One suggestion is to try out the poke..good stuff..when we are in Vegas we will stop by again!
2	Lunch AYCE is reasonable at $20.95, but compared to other sushi places the list of rolls, nigiri, and appetizers are minimal. I know that quantity is not a substitution for quality, but Island was lacking. The fish to rice ratio was good. Some of the fish came out at an alarming temperature. Felt that they were dangerously warm, as if they were not properly stored. The nigiri are smaller than other places, but that is usually better. If you like something, you can just order more, instead of getting a huge lump of rice. The rice also fell apart easily. The one roll I tried, the croc, was small. I am used to soft shell crab rolls to be bigger and filled to the brim with crustacean-y goodness. The best dishes were the side dishes. The ahi poke, garlic chicken, and seaweed salad were delicious, but can be found elsewhere. The service was decent. Our waitress put in our order in a timely fashion, got refills once in a while, and took away dirty plates promptly.
5	My only experience comes from the non sushi side, where they serve the bentos, dessert, and poke etc.  Their food is pretty good,  it reminds me of local food in Hawaii and the service is pretty quick.. They have a pretty good variety of poke but I reserve that for weekends since I work on the west side of town and can't get there on weekdays before they sell out!  It's quite a popular place as I see a lot of local people from Hawaii, so  hey, you know it's good.  One of my favorite dishes is just a plain ole bento (the one without the mahi mahi...nooooooo).  Try to make it there as a treat for dinner every pay period.  I'm never a let down.
4	Our family had the AYCE deal. We ordered the 3 year old SPAM, eggs and rice since she's not big into sushi...yet. Our older kids on the other hand LOVE sushi so this was a special dinner for us. Here's what we ordered:EdamameGyozaBaked MusselsMochiko ChickenShrimp TempuraVegetable TempuraBlack WidowBig IslandIsland Special (Family Fave)Katsu RollSurf & Turf RollRainbow RollMauna Kea (Family Fave)Crunch RollJoe SpecialDragon Roll*And we reordered a couple of these.Overall, it was a good experience - I felt like I was eating at one of the local joints in Hawaii. They were pretty fast at bringing out our food too. Bonus points for having a dessert included in the AYCE price. We'd definitely come back!
5	Island has friendly workers and good food. There is hardly ever a wait. Their uni is delicious. There is also plenty of variety on the menu so that even non sushi eaters can fill their guts.
2	I hate to write a 3 star review for this place... but I prolly wont come back again after my recent visit.I was a huge fan of SUSHI Mon on Sahara ave earlier.  been there a total of 3 times and on the 3rd time, the sashimi on the rice was thin and lacking.  The food wasnt prepared right... some of the hot items were lukewarm instead.Nigiri was falling apart so I went to Island Sushi after friend's suggestion.Been there now the 5th time.  Same thing is happening.At first, I love this place for its rolls.  It has all sorts of amazing sushi rolls... deep fried sushi with cream cheese, or Las Vegas rolls.  Its sashimi portion was generous while the rice was minimal.  No rice pushing.  The AYCE menu is awesome with many choices... typically the one time order for Uni, Sweet Shrimp and you can always put the sweet shrimp into the soup.  In addition, you can also have the POKE dishes which are awesome, i love the many cool items such as fish head, shrimp tempura.On this visit, the rice was increasing and sashimi didnt look fresh.  The items came but it wasnt as appetizing as before.  The Unagi was horribly made, it was just a clump of fish and rice and wasnt beautifully presented like before.Alot of rice in the hand rolls and overall food quality isnt as great.Im afraid to say, maybe it was an off day, but I did notice an overall decrease in quality.  Its still good, just not as good.  So I will give a 2 star!
5	Been here 3 times and loved it..!  Even better for Sunday all you can eat brunch..  They have two different menus with tasty things to choose from, the regular lunch menu and a special sunday brunch menu, all for $21..!!
3	Came here on a whim, not expecting much from the Hawaiian Sushi joint, but it turned out just a half a step better than what i expected.  The sushi was comparable to other AYCE Sushi bars, except their sushi left a slight "fishy" taste.  But who am i to complain?.. it's sushi.  What did separate Island from the game was their Sunday Special AYCE "Pupus", which I am guessing the Hawaiian version of a tapa.  From French Toast Malasadas to Mahi Mahi Sliders with Wasabi Aioli, the Pupus is what made my 20 bucks worth spending.  If I ever make second rounds, it'll only be for the Mini Peanut Butter Malasadas.  Other than that, I'll probably only come back when I'm in the mood for french toast and raw fish.
4	THIS PLACE IS DA BOMB!  As any islander living in Vegas would say!  My friends and I came here randomly one Sunday looking for a good sushi place to eat.  Of course we directed our interest to what Yelp had to say.  20.95 for all you can eat sushi PLUS side dishes PLUS Sunday specials!  What a steal!  I was really impressed with the flavors of the sushi and the taste of the food served here.  Of the three other "all-you-can-eat" sushi restaurants in Henderson, I have discovered Island Sushi to top it all!  You won't be disappointed!  One thing that I really enjoyed was that they do not flood each roll of sushi with white rice!  You get a significant amount of "filling" and "topping" on each of the rolls you order!  They aren't being cheap at all!  Also to all those locals from Hawaii out there, they have Poke here!  And it's GOOD!  They also have a extensive plate lunch menu and they serve saimin and bentos!  One suggestion to the fellow yelpers is to come on Sunday!  Those Sunday specials are a steal and are very delicious, particularly the Ahi Belly!  The only downside to this place and for me giving Island Sushi only 4 stars is that you are only limited to one dessert. Cmon!  Dessert is like the best part of a meal!! =P  Hopefully that rule changes!  Even so, I'd definitely be back to try this place!
5	i usually eat at sushi mon but decided to try island sushi instead.  when i arrived the staff was really helpful and friendly.  the food was prepared fresh with no fishy taste.  i highly recommend island sushi.
4	Bang for your bucks, one of the best place for all you can eat sushi Hawaiian style.  Everything was pretty fresh and in generous portions. Very little limitation on all you can eat price.  Even the breakfast menu was more than I expected.  Service is pretty decent.  Sure I'll be back here soon enough.
5	Had AYCE sushi at the restaurant this time-- soo ono! Great staff, a bit slow when it gets too busy, but over all, there are so many items that you can order from-- and the food is so fresh! Only thing though, only 90 mins. max at the table and then one dessert per customer.  Good selection of desserts- tempura ice cream, mango mochi ice cream, green tea ice cream and 808 sundae (strawberries and tempura bananas with ice cream and chocolate).  I think that you can get the coco puffs or malasada too even!
4	All you can eat sushi?  Oh yes!Hawaiian style grinds?  Oh Yes!This is a must go to place for anyone from hawaii. The AYCE sushi is fantastic, but it does have a timelimit and they are supposedly strict with leaving leftovers (we did not).Also comes with a dessert.  You want malasadas?  they have them here too!
5	Just to sum it all up, GREAT FOOD! Very friendly staff! And great choices! I'm not from hawaii, but I love love love loooove island food, especially Island Sushi!
2	I saw all the good reviews and decided to try this place out.I went for happy hour and thank God I did! Because this place is NOT WORTH paying full price for sushi. The sushi is okay...I've had wayyy better at other places.. i ordered the mt Charleston, lava lover, and the spider roll. All of it was ehh. The sushi is small and the spider roll that i order had a really strong fishy taste to it which is not normal. So that really brought it down another star.Service was not good at all. There were only two sushi chefs and not alot of people, it took forever for the sushi to come out. The waitresses didn't even come by once to fill our water or anything. If you want better sushi and don't mind paying a little more go to sushimon! Taste is ALOTT FRESHER! &&& Better service! =))
5	I'm not into most Hawaiian food, but I could eat here every day for a week without getting tired of it. The half-price happy hour deal looks great, but their rolls are rather small; Fortunately the all-you-can-eat special is very reasonably priced and it covers almost their entire menu. Their traditional rolls are good, but I recommend branching out and trying the Hawaiian fusion rolls. The Town & Country and Big Island rolls are both phenomenal, and the ahi belly is some of the best i've ever had. For desert, I've enjoyed the 808 special and the malasada sundae and thoroughly enjoyed them both. I will definitely return!
5	BEST HAWAIIAN FIX OUT THERE!this place beats l&l and most of the items found in aloha kitchen! well, actually I only go to aloha kitchen for their adobo fried rice omelet but I have tried their bbq and it doesn't compare. I absolutely love the MINI garlic chicken, that comes with a scoop of rice and side salad of miso ginger dressing, just enough food for lunch or small dinner. their rice is sticky and the bottom of the rice scoop gets soaked in the garlic chicken sauce, best part of the entire dish. poke express is also in island sushi, and they have the best fresh assorted poke! for dessert, get a plain malasada!
4	"Whoa, do all the ladies from Hawaii look like this?" my poker buddy ask while showing me his phone."ummmm....what?" I say, lost, looking past the beautiful wahine and trying to see the food on the website."Maybe she works there.  If the next flop is red, you're buying lunch" my bud says excitedly."Book it." I say and the rest is history.It's the usual, great Vegas AYCE place.  Super creative rolls filled with lots of deep fried stuff (soft shell crab, shrimp tempura), stuff mixed with spicy mayo, usually coated with a sweet, teriyaki eel sauce.   Most of the fish taste previously frozen or gassed.  All good though if you skip the nigiri.What sets this place apart is the local Hawaiian style flavors.  Paniolo roll (teri beef inside, miso sauce, outside) and the poke roll (as its name implies).  Only disappointment, the Maui Wowie. Dang it. (You're a better person if you don't get it.)Oh yeah, plate lunches are as good as back home.  Local style mochiko chicken, teri beef, mixed plates, and fried noodle combos.  Usual AYCE prices.  Lunch $21, Dinner $25.  All day happy hour with 50% off all rolls (not the AYCE) Mon - Wed. for the lighter eater.  Plate lunches are very reasonable averaging $7.50.Great place when you're jonesing for a taste of Hawaii.
5	Whenever we're in Vegas this is our always our first and last stop. All you can eat sushi oh yea! At first we thought what? Sushi in the middle of the DESERT? no way. Boy were we WRONG! Everything on the menu is good and we will continue to come back. Half off specials is the bomb and if you go during a UH game, they pass out sake bombs. Well, they did when we were there last time. Yesss!!
5	In a word........Incredible!I have enjoyed sushi and Hawaiian specialties all over the world and at what were advertised as the best spots in each local.However................I was blown away at Island Sushi Sunday Brunch.For $20.95,  its all you can eat and can choose from special offerings of the day as well as from a few pages of sashimi, rolls, tempura, and a whole host of apps. Service was exceptional and personal. Atmosphere was light and upbeat, feeling like a locals secret treasure.I had one fried roll of crab and other ingredients that was the BEST Sushi roll I have ever had in my entire life. I cant wait to go back. The bar has been reset.
4	So my review is based upon some malasadas that the hubby brought home from  Vegas.What are Malasadas say you? Malasada is a Portuguese type donut.  Malasadas are made of egg-sized balls of yeast dough that are deep-fried in oil and coated with granulated sugar. They are popular in Hawaii and since Las Vegas is considered the "9th Island" you can definitely find them in Vegas...  I was craving the famous Leonard's malasadas found in Oahu, so when my husband visited the in-laws in Vegas, I asked him to find some of these yummy treats and bring some back home to the Bay Area.My only concern was the fear of being disappointed by what he brings back... boy was I happy!  He came back with some haupia filled Malasadas that felt like it weighed half a pound each.  Haupia is a type of coconut custard, and it was perfect inside these warm slightly crispy Malasadas.  The custard was not too sweet, therefore, i scarfed down like 4 of them... *oops!* **blush**was I supposed to save some for the kids? Overall, they are still not as good as Leonard's but they definitely "fit the bill" when it came to cravings..I cannot wait to try the rest of the food here in person.  BOOKMARK!
5	This place is amazing! I went with a friend to AYCE and we both loved it! We live in Anthem and we usually go to I love Sushi (which is expensive and not AYCE) Or Yama but it will change now, since this place is so close. All the sushi we got was fresh and you can taste and feel the freshness. The vibe was really nice, with smooth reggae playing around. The staff was really nice. Our waitress was so nice we talked and asked questions and she was great all around. After stuffing our faces with sushi we got the 808 special. And usually when you get all you can eat they give you a piece of mochi cut in half or a sad excuse of a scoop of ice cream but the 808 special was a satisfying scoop of ice cream, tempura bananas, fresh strawberries, heap of whipped cream, and chocolate drizzle and it was perfection. The perfect end to a perfect dinner. with my drink my total was $28 which is completely reasonable. PS, when you buy 2 AYCE you get free sake. I don't know if it was everyday but it was nice.
5	Great place for lunch. I had the bento combo with fried noodles, furikake rice, mochiko chicken and teri beef. The teri beef was flavorful and the mochiko chicken was delish. Mochiko chicken is usually hit or miss at places because a lot of places tend to over cook it. Here is was perfect. Definitely will repeat.
4	Amazing Hawaiian food by Henderson.  There are 3 parts to this restaurant.  The Hawaiian Express, Poke Express and Sushi bar/restaurant.  I've never eatten at the Sushi restaurant, only at the Hawaiian food and Poke Express.The Poke is really awesome.  If you like Tagu, it is sweet and chewy and very authentic.  The shou Poke and spicy poke is great also.  If you are a poke fan, do try Poke Express.I usually get the Bento Box A with Garlic Chicken.  It is a huge meal with rice, Teri beef, garlic chicken, spam and noodles.  Very flavorful and filling.  My wife gets the tuna bowl.  That is huge also.  Great flavors with the tuna and rice.They have Oxtail soup on Saturdays all day and after 600pm other days.  I like this and it's very authentic.  You combine the rice and ginger and green onions and you have a cornucopia of flavors and textures in that oxtail soup.  It has been the best I could find so far in Las Vegas.I would pass on the Saiman.  The noodles are good, but the broth is not as flavorful as the other places I've tried in LV.  Overall, the go-to spot for Hawaiian food this side of town.
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I have to eat here!  The sushi is amazing and the staff is great!  I love the half price sushi if you come in late!
5	This place is awesome....they have all you can eat and the freshest sushi we have found on this side of town.  They are always busy and a great place to visit.  Always friendly and glad to be of service....a must visit place.
5	Gambled one day while my friends and I were in Vegas, not wanting to eat at a buffet we decided to trust yelp and roll the dice. We now make special trips to Vegas just for this place. The rolls are the star of the show. Creative and delicious enough to make a group of 4 drive all the way from Los Angeles to eat here. Keep doing what you are doing. The lunch all you can eat was a phenomenal deal that left us all more then full with delicious food. To the people who live in the area consider yourselves lucky, Island sushi is the real deal.
4	I pretty much like everything they have to offer...we're always doing AYCE sushi there and start off with their appetizers. My favorites are usually the ahi poke, deep fried geso, garlic chicken and shrimp tempura. My usual rolls are the Island special and my husband tries a variety of rolls. We really like the spicy tuna hand roll too and salmon skin roll. I've eaten at the grill side of the restaurant before and we love it all. Bento boxes are great for when my kids don't want to eat anything else...always top off the night with the 808 special dessert too!
1	THIS IS A REVIEW FOR THE GRILL SIDE, NOT THE SUSHI SIDE...I've been to Island Sushi many times and think that it's the best AYCE sushi spot in vegas but I had never tried the grill side.  Tried it once and will never be back.I got the bento with garlic ahi and mochiko chicken.  The ahi was over cooked beyond belief...dry as a cardboard and no garlic taste at all.  The mochiko chicken was soggy and tasted old.  The fried noodles that came with the bento was just that...fried noodles.  Not one green onion, onion, kamaboko, char siu...nothing.  The best thing in that bento was the spam.The wife got the lau lau.  Horrible...dry and no taste at all.  It was like they didnt add any salt and the leaves were not moist at all either.  Came with lomi lomi salmon but no mac salad?! Blasphemy! I'll be back to the sushi side but never again to the grill side.  Its sad cause I hear so many local peeps raving about this place.  If this is what theyre raving about, I need to open up my own plate lunch / bento spot and show these guys how its done! If this is the best plate lunch / bento place in vegas, thats sad....
5	Good for breakfast, lunch and dinner!!! Loco Moco for just $6 bucks or so for breakfast.  Hardy enough that I have it at 7am and not get hungry till after 1pm!! That is back for your bucks!! Poke bowl was generous in size and in flavors.  The only draw back to this place is location.  It's 200 plus miles from home base!!! Luckily I have Bachan's Kitchen!
5	Service was greatFood was greatCompany was greatI haven't been in a sushi mood lately but Shige O. recommended this place awhile back, so he brought me and my friends here. I'm really glad that I gave it a shot.I'm actually craving the sushi as I'm typing this review.I don't know why but I kinda doubted sushi in Vegas at first but it was pretty good! Like I said, the service was ultra friendly. Many people are local that works here and I just had a great home vibe. They played local music and all. I had the garlic ahi, mexican roll and a negi hama. Loved em all! I even tried a bit of their salad with the house dressing, two thumbs up.The water was fresh too (I never got used to chlorine water within the week that i was in Vegas)They offer a huge variety of fish, and a lotta other stuff too. I would definitely return to eat here the next time I make a trip to Vegas again.
4	This place went beyond any of my expectations.  I was expecting more of the same tacky, tasteless, and Hawaiian food imitations as done by many restaurants on the continental United States.  This place was much better.  The poke was fresh and was the type I would expect from a poke shop back in Hawaii and the garlic fried chicken was not the best I heave ever had (that spot is reserved for Mitsuken) it is a nice taste of Hawaii.  Whenever I am in Vegas this will be a stop for fresh and delicious food that will remind me of the islands.
5	Love this place.  Best AYCE sushi joint in town.  Everyone one is friendly, with great service.   There is always someone asking you if you need something.   The sushi chefs are way friendly and will make whatever roll you can create in your mind.  The poke is so good and the desserts are freaking great.  I try to make them lose money when I eat here, gluttony at it's best!
3	I used to go here a lot when I was in town and have sent a ton of friends here. I also used to bring groups of my co workers and have a sushi outings here.Bringing a large group and trying to finish your meal in the 1/ 1/2 time limit is a little tough. Your trying to enjoy the food and socialize at the same time not just scarf food down fast as I can because of the time restraint.When there are 20 plus in your group the food takes a while to come out also. My friends who used to love Islands, also have had some bad experiences as the service not being as good as it used to be when they first opened up.  The food is pretty decent but because of the time restraint, it's not a good place for large groups in my opinion since I have tried. I know most Vegas sushi places the have a time limit for all you can eat and Islands is a little more generous with the time but huge groups it doesn't help.I prefer to go to Sin city sushi across the street, even though Sin city is tiny there is no time limit on the all you can eat and we can relax socialize and enjoy the food without any pressure to hurry.  The food is just as good as Islands or better. The fish being fresher in my opinion.
5	super friendly staff on both sides of the place. the food is awesome. they have fresh malasadas (on the diner side) that you can order with fillings if you want. (talking about it right now is making my mouth water) but you have to go early because sometimes they run out. the bentos, the garlic chicken and the breakfast plates is what we usually get if we make take-out. if we dine in we usually eat on the sushi restaurant side and have a few drinks with our dinner. a great place to go to get food to close to home.
2	I have been to the sushi side of island sushi quite a few times and it is decent sushi, not great but decent. The only time I go there is during happy hour when stuff is 50% off. If you want great sushi go to Yama Sushi.As for the grill side, the food is horrible. I had the Kalbi ribs and the teriyaki chicken. The Kalbi ribs tasted like old meat... it was gross. The teriyaki chicken had no teriyaki flavor whatsoever and it did not even come with teriyaki sauce. Also, the macaroni salad was the worst Hawaiian mac salad I have ever tasted. It was extremely bland. The food was so horrible it seemed as if it was prepared this way on purpose to keep people away. I just don't see how they could make the food so bad!If you want good Hawaiian food go to Aloha Kitchen. I have tried tons of other Hawaiian joints and I keep going back to Aloha.As for the service, it is decent. It does seem as if the service is steadily declining though.
4	Excellent AYCE (All you can eat) Value and prompt, friendly service. Fresh sushi is based on the volume you can push and how you can rotate your stock, and this place packs 'em in. For $25 (dinner AYCE includes more choices) it's no wonder.I'm a purist. I don't do crazy rolls in which have gone the 2nd-day fish, drowned in eel sauce. Just the basics. For a place which specializes in rolls, i was pleased with the result. And I'm a fussy guy.--uni nigiri. limit one.--ikura. fresh and good.--ika nigiri. soft, fresh. nice!--salmon skin hand roll. great fresh veggies.--hamachi kama. nicely seasoned, fresh. moist inside. WIN!--tako-uni. yeah, it's not really octopus, it's raw squid with extra crispy stuff. i love this dish. not for the unwashed. strong, dark and almost fermented, like a good natto.--seaweed wraps are fresh, dry, crispy, and great flavor. WIN!#seaweed salad. something in there that shouldn't be. and it was not fresh.servers are super friendly, responsive to all the obsessed AYCE gluttons.two sushi chefs keep that food MOVING to the 50-seats. (personal note: Kojisan@Hanajapanese, you would have been impressed!)AYCE comes with rules, don't you know?! all food ordered must be consumed (that includes rice) $1 penalty for uneaten nigiri.! no take away.! some items are one-per-person-per-visit! your dining feast must end 90 minutes after you begin.
2	This is my 4th time at Island Sushi and I love it here BUT today the service was horrible. Me and my friend got there at about 7:45pm. The only seats available were at the bar which I don't prefer but we were starving and most people there looked like they had just sat down. The guy making the rolls didn't check up on us to see if we wanted to order more. The servers only came up to us once to refill our drinks. We always had to wave them down for refills. We ordered hot tea which we never got and they still tried to charge us for it. It took about 25 minutes just to get our dessert. I'm really upset to have had the service we received today because I usually enjoy coming here. I don't know if it's because we sat at the bar but that really shouldn't change their service. Really good food but had horrible service today.
4	Good food, friendly atmosphere. You get a choice of sushi on one side or hawaiian style bbq on the other. For the price, it's worth the AYCE here. There are TVs to catch the sports games and I've brought the whole family to dine here.
4	My family is a big fan of sushi  - this is our favorite in our area. The service is always good and the sushi is always fresh and tasty. My only complaint is that the place is a bit small and when you walk in you're never greeted - and we always end up standing in the entrance of the dining area for more than a few minutes. Other than that - I highly recommend and know I will be back to get my sushi-fix when needed!
2	Its ok. Not Great. The service was awesome. But the food was kind of disappointing.
5	The tuna stops here! I am not going to go into great detail, but this is my sushi home from now on. We were in the other day and it was really really really good. Nice to taste clean, cold and fresh fish inside the rolls. I can eat the fried oysters all day long as well as the roll called, "Candy Cane". We asked for light on the sauce and maybe that is key to eating sushi rolls? We could actually taste the sushi and not all that brown or other kinds of sauces that usually smother the rolls. Get in there and for $25 you get 1 1/2 hours of sushi action. We quit after just 1/2 hour, but it was a good time. Great service from the waitresses! This is my sushi hangout from this day forward!
4	Love the food. All you can eat lunch is good and reasonably priced.  Sushi is well made and tastes delicious.
4	I was craving Asian food after being in Utah for 4 days, and Hawaiian Japanese food sounded delicious! We ate the Sunday brunch buffet for $21/person. The buffet included your choice of appetizers, sushi, and a choice of dessert. The food was pretty good for the price. We ordered lots of nigiri, different styles of poke, and 2 rolls - a total of 35 dishes. I loved the unagi, while my hubby enjoyed the uni. We had the ahi, fried tofu, kimchee tako, and raw crab poke. I liked the fried tofu and ahi poke the best. The desserts weren't very good. We had tempura ice cream and 808 special. The tempura batter fell off the ice cream. Service was great! Our waitress kept on coming back to our table to see if we wanted to order more food. I'm glad that we weren't ignored. One minor grip was that this restaurant charged for green tea - $1.50 per person. I'm not used to paying for green tea. You need a car to get to this place since it is really far from the Strip. I would come back here again.
4	one of my friends told me to eat here ... glad i made that stop and every day for 2 days till i left . the hawaiian food is on point . but the poke OMG the poke is amazing and im from hawaii i didnt know u could make as many different varities of poke .... i tried all of them .. every time i visit vegas im hitting this spot up
5	This place is really South of the strip, and if you're in Vegas for vacation, you'd probably have to take a taxi to get here, because taking the bus is a long journey. But this place is so worth the trip! All you can eat sushi, and they include a lot of fancy rolls! The quality is great and unlike other all-you-can-eat sushi joints, they don't leave out a lot of the more expensive choices! I definitely plan on going here every Vegas trip! On a side note, this place is joined together with a Hawaiian plate restaurant that looks pretty decent itself. I might have to try it out next time. Nice Hawaiian music playing in the background too!
3	AYCE lunch here was mediocre. The nigiri was not fresh enough for me and the sushi was put together without care. I like that it's close to my part of Henderson but I have not gone back from the last time I've been there. I would have enjoyed this spot if I came for non sushi items~~
5	I love this place! 'All you can eat 'sushi includes delicious appetizers like mochiko chicken, poke, shrimp tempura, lomi salmon, the list goes on. Nothing like the regular sushi spots. And the sunday brunch is even better with even more to choose from. Its about a 30 minute drive for me. But so worth it.
3	Great authentic Hawaiian style food. Service brings this place down. Employees tend to be snippy, to downright rude. Orders frequently come out incorrect. Great food though.
5	They have everything here. They have a lot of desserts here like the Chocolate Dobash and Guava Chiffon cakes and more. They also have a Poke Express in there. They cook all of the local favorites and they're pretty quick in giving you your food. Tasty, tasty, tasty. They also have an all-you-can-eat sushi bar/restaurant.
5	Sorry Sushi-Mon on Maryland/ Silverado.. but because you were unable to seat me within 45min, I had to explore other options.  Thank goodness I did!Sooooo.... if you're going to go the specialty roll route I highly recommend the Island Special.  Uber flavorful and delicious... as full as I was, I ordered a few of these.  The Spicy Mexican was ok too... but I guess it depends on what you're in the mood for.  There is one thing you MUST order... it's the poke.  It's sooooo good, that if you're on the all you can eat menu, you can only order one order per person.  That is definitely saying something.Something to keep in mind... they have a great happy hour special (9p and beyond!):  50% off all sushi cut rolls + 1/2 off Selected Beers & House Sake - it's an amazing deal!
1	Honestly I walked in and walked right out. The place looked incredibly filthy. There were stains on the floor and tables weren't wiped clean. I'm not a picky person but there are plenty of other places around town that are more inviting.
2	2 1/2 to 3 stars.  This place is a very strange hybrid of 3 restaurants: an AYCE sushi place, a hawaiin plate lunch grill, and a poke bar.  We went in with a Hawaiin friend of mine who raves about this place for the plate lunch.  The sushi section was packed.  Hubs and I shared the eggplant plate and the mochico chicken and shrimp plate.  The eggplant had great flavor but was insanely oily...it just sat in an inch of bright orange oil in my Styrofoam box.  The chicken and shrimp were nothing special.  The meals were served with a scoop of white rice and mac salad as expected.  Everything was fine but I've definitely experienced better.  Maybe the sushi is where it is at?
4	I didn't know what to really expect when I came here, but I saw a picture of saimin the day before and I knew that I just had to go! I got here a lil before 11 am and it was pretty packed. I ordered the deluxe saimin and subbed it out with udon noodles instead. Everything came out fairly quickly. Broth was light and there was a good assortment of wonton, bbq pork and imitation crab meat. I didn't leave full though, so that was the downfall. My coworker enjoyed the teriyaki chicken which he ate all of.I know I will be back to get some chantilly cake to go! They have a pastry selection that looked pretty delish, but can be pricy at $4.50 a slice. We were in and out in 30 minutes and everyone was quite friendly.
5	I visited this place three weeks ago with a friend and had their AYCE sushi. I was really surprised at how good their sushi was. Their service was very friendly and the rolls came out really fast. I think this will be one of my favorite places.
3	First time there. Have been working our way through this part of Henderson looking for the 'right' sushi place. As it is now, that place is I Love Sushi, and after tonight, still remains. Island is a hard to describe place. Seems to be two or three joints in one. But, we were there for sushi. The atmosphere/decor is pretty basic. We saw tonight , which I now see is true of a couple of nights, all cut rolls were half price. So, we ordered away. All in all, did not find it that compelling. Mostly everything seemed pretty bland. Even spicy tuna, which should be good for a little pizazz, was tasteless. For us, it was OK, but no better, and not in the cards for a second visit.
4	Dined here on Friday night 3/2/12.  I was a little skeptical at first being that this place was in a shadier part of downtown Vegas.  My hubby and I had a number of sushi rolls which were all very good and fresh too.  What sticks out in my mind the most about this place however, were not the sushi rolls we ate, but the malasadas we ordered after dinner.  OMFG!  They were soooo insanely delicious!!!  My hubby ordered the plain malasada and I ordered the custard filled malasada.  So freaking good!  It was worth going to a shady area just to eat.  Best foodie find in a while.  They were fresh, soft and warm.  The custard was perfect, not too sweet or overpowering and very creamy.  It was so good, it made it worth while cheating on my diet!  The plain malasada was very tasty too, but the custard filled one was over the top.  A little piece of heaven in your mouth I tell you!  They also have chocolate and haupia filled malasadas too!I would definitely dine here again as they have a pretty large Hawaiian food menu too.  They have very good prices for breakfast and lunch that I will for sure have to try the next time I am in Vegas.VERDICT:  GO FOR THE CUSTARD FILLED MALASADAS!  Your taste buds will thank me! :)
5	Great service and even better food. We are from out of town but everytime we come to Vegas we have to come here. Great Local food and even better, there is a full Poke bar. I suggest trying the malasadas if you've never had, but anything off the menu is Ono!
5	Island sushi  is the best , great customer service , best place for eat all you can sushi
4	Awesome sushi, the "all you can eat" is a pretty good deal!
4	You bet your bottom dollar that whenever I visit a sushi joint, an All-You-Can-Eat is in order.  Today, we came here for lunch and that's just what I did.  The all you can eat was $21.95.  Here's what I got for lunch:Chicken Katsu- Very good.  Light and crispy, their katsu sauce was sweet and AH-MAZE-ING!Hamachi (yellow tail) Nigiri- I know it's fish, however, it tasted a lot more fishier than I'm used to.  This makes me think if it was fresh or not...Ahi poke- I know there's a poke express right next door.  I don't think this poke was made from them.  I didn't think it was very good.  The Ahi seemed to be a little old.Geso (fried squid legs with a spicy aioli)- This was GOOOODD!  Whenever I order fried calamari, I always enjoy eating the smaller calamari with legs.  This dish was just legs!  YUM-O.  The menu says spicy aioli but it wasn't spicy at all...BUT DELICIOUS.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Garlic Chicken- Sweet teriyaki and garlic sauce all over fried boneless chicken thigh pieces.  Sweet, savory and crispy all at the same time.  ON POINT!Gyoza- Crispy fried pork pot stickers served with a ponzu (sweet/citrus based soy) sauce.  I love the thin, watery consistency of the ponzu.  Goes well with the crispy gyoza.Malassada sundae- Definitely a MUST TRY!  First they cut the malassada (fried donuts without the hole and dusted with sugar) in four wedges and fan it out in a bowl.  A scoop of ice cream is placed in the center with a whipped cream topping and the dish is finished with a guava sauce and cut strawberries.  Such an AH-MAZE-ING ending!I do enjoy the fact that Island sushi is separated into two sections.  One section for just the sushi bar and another section for plate lunch/bento/fast food type service and poke express.  These sections are night and day and appeals to all sorts of diners.  If you are looking for a place that exposes you to Hawaiian-local cuisine, this is definitely the place to go to.
4	Ok, so perhaps I have a sushi addiction! We went to island sushi the other night. There was a wait, which wasn't that cool, but the food was great! I don't think I've ever had a fresher rainbow roll. Do it
1	Fish not fresh. Tuna frozen!  Ebi from same frozen shrimp I buy from 99 ranch market!  Sushi is bad. Service was really bad. Never going back!
5	All Hail Island Sushi! Any qualms I had with this place are nonexistent now. We went really late craving their combo plates ( pick teri beef / chicken etc) but when we got there the server let us know that the grill was closed.( only sushi is served late night) Sadly we went back to our car when he flagged us down and said that they would gladly make the meals for us. It would just require reheating the grills and if we wouldn't mind the wait. DUH! we waited for our yummy serving of Hawaiian-style carne! and it was SooooOOo good and the fact they went the extra mile this time speaks volumes!! MAHALO ISLAND SUSHI!
1	To tell you the truth, every time we go here now it's getting worse and worse.  I ordered a mini kahlua cabbage and did not want any rice, just tossed salad.  When I got home and opened my container I was so shocked to see so little kahlua pork, it was majority cabbage. The portion was ridiculously small.  I couldn't believe it.   Then my salad greens were brown.We used to always eat here, had good food and service but now since they are expanding by opening another restaurant, it seems to be going down hill.
2	So I tried Island sushi again. Its been about  month. Unfortunately it was bad. I don't know how anyone can give this place 5 stars. You must be very easy to please. The only fish that was fresh was the salmon. that's it. I just don't eat fish I buy fish for a living. I know what I'm talking about! The ebi (shrimp) they buy that frozen and serve it right out the package. The hamachi is a frozen loin. The tuna is frozen 2+ saku block or loin CO treated. its the weekend at least order fresh for the weekend. I haven't tried there new place but I hope its better. they obviously turned there attention to the new place. Service was much better this time.
3	When not partying on the strip I enjoy eating around town. I found Island Sushi through yelp and decided to make a late night stop for some ahi poke salad. FOOD: The quality and freshness of the to-go AHI POKE SALAD was very good, but I prefer poke with no suji or at least less pieces than I got in my serving. There's just something about ruining quality poke with pieces of suji to chew on. It was late so maybe that's all they had left to serve. The next time I return to Island Sushi I will definitely give the ahi poke another try, definitely do the AYCE option, and order the highly spoken of garlic chicken. I would of never guessed that was a highlighted item there! A-OK for now but for sure an update to four stars....soon!
2	Sushi was just ok. Service was horrible. So slow!! They took my order to a wrong table and didn't apologize. Took them 25 min from they say we will take your dessert order until we can flag them (they don't even bother to check on us again). Don't want to go here again.
5	Great sushi and nice environment. Takes me back to the islands
5	My absolutely favorite sushi and poke spot in town! I love going there and I love ordering from there when i can't make it in. My favorite roll is the Island Special and I love their malasada sundaes. I've recommended this place to so many people! and I try to bring people here as much as possible.
5	LOVE Island Sushi!! It will turn you Japanese. You have to get AYCE. Price comparable to everywhere else ($22 lunch/$27 dinner) but food way better. Have to try the Island Special roll. Get 2. My fav thing about this place is the side dishes. Love the strawberry salad which has goat cheese and wonton crisps. The ahi poke is the best. Chicken lovers should try the chicken katsu and mochiko chicken. More must-try's: kimchee fried rice and pickled daikon & spicy tuna - so good!! Get the 808 Special for dessert!
4	After my first visit here, I came 2 more times to come back for more within the same week.  Yes, the stuff I ordered is that good.  Plus, I have an addictive personality.   When you walk in , you have 3 options.  1. Order from their fast food section complete with all your local Hawaiian favorites.  My favorite dish that I have ordered twice from there, is the Garlic Chicken.  If you like crispy fried chicken and garlic, this dish is for you!  It is delicious and will. make you want to come back for more!  The mini size is just the right portion for me.2. Order from the Poke Express section complete with all your poke needs from Ahi, Salmon, Shrimp, Special combinations, and even cucumber kim chi for your veggie requirements.  My favorites are the Special Combination poke, and the Furikake poke.  The raw fish is fresh, and you can order by the 1/2 pound.  This gets pretty pricey though, and you can get pretty full if you just order a 1/2 pound of poke and maybe a 1/2 pound of cucumber kim chi.  Good for the no carb dieters!3. Sit down in their sushi restuarant and order sushi.  This I can't comment on because I haven't actually ordered from their menu.   My stars are strictly for option 1 and 2.  If I try option and 3 and love it, I'll add my 5th star.  I'll be back for sure!!!!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (64/365).
5	omg, I LOVE POKE!!!It was awesome. I don't remember what it was called but I had the spicy avocado poke and omg I DIED!!then i had Hawaiian food which was pretty much spam, rice, eggs and of course as a Korean-American that's delicious/comforting.I also had HI soda AND Portuguese donut. It was delicious. Everything was less than $20 and delicious and plentiful, if I'm back in Vegas I'm soo coming here.
4	I normally order a garlic chicken, garlic chicken combination plate with all brown rice.Their bentos are great too! The garlic ahi tuna with a choice of chicken suits enough for two meals. The garlic chicken is sweeter in comparison to the mochiko chicken.I do enjoy this place greatly for Hawaiian food, and it is probably the best in Las Vegas. the Plaza location is way better in though as far as consistency goes. I suggest going there if you want a larger variety of food along with tastier flavors.The sushi here is sub par to the other sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. Definitely come here for the Hawaiian food and the tuna poke bar though (I will review this as well). It is worth a shot!
4	I have been too the other restaurant in downtown but first time at this location. I was in the area. So figure try the original location plus hungry nothing better for lunch then plate lunch. I should have tried something new but enjoyed the chicken and eggplant last time so got it again. Most part it same menu as the other location although in this one Poke Express in the store too and have lot more desserts lot of them individual pieces packed too go containers take home. The selection is pretty huge but like Poke (I love! So need make stop again just too try it) and dessert only had room for lunch. It interesting way store set up with one half being sit down restaurant style and other side local style find place sit down eat. Thankfully went late lunch because less then twenty seats. Side you seat yourself. Sure if ever in need for some good local food and sushi. It offers the best of both worlds.
4	The fried noodles and the garlic chicken are my favorites. Sometimes I hate to go in there because I know I am going to spend $60 plus on poke!
5	There are no words to describe this place except for making orgasmic noises! This place has the best and fresh sushi.. I highly recommend eating their sashimi and nigiri its is by far the most fresh that i have eaten here in las vegas, and i LOVE THEIR GARLIC CHICKEN.. same as all other sushi places 1 hour limit for 28$ all you can eat really worth it!
2	Sigh.. I didn't want to do this but I had no choice... All I can say is shame on you Island Sushi! We loved getting in the car with anticipation of eating all your delicious rolls but no longer....Last night the hubby and I wanted,nay craved, your succulent rolls. With mouths watering, we stepped in and got seated.  We order our drinks but no one was around to take our order. We tried, oh did we try, to get someone's attention but I guess the wait staff was too busy chit chatting by the cash register to notice. We decide then and there to get up and fill our empty bellies somewhere else and that we did!
5	Very interesting place, it's a sushi and hawaiian restaurant right next to eachother/in the same building.  Luckily I wanted Sushi and the boy wanted Hawaiian so we drove a little out of our way for this place.  First off, let me say that the staff here, even though it seems young, was extremely friendly.  They all stopped what they were doing when we left and said good bye.  That's huge for me, it shows how much they care and I really appreciate that.  The food?  All good.  We got food to go, I got the spicy mexican roll which was a shrimp tempura roll with spicy hamachi on top and jalapenos.  Then I got hamachi sashimi, which, for 5 slices being only $10, was very well priced.  All the fish was fresh, sauces were balanced, it was beautifully displayed.  The boy got the garlic shrimp combo meal and he was very happy.  I wish this place was closer, I would go more often, but we will definitely have to make a trip back soon!
5	So good I went twice in two days. The first was with my wife for a few rolls. The black widow was incredible. Also tried a rainbow roll, which was very good too. The staff was fun and knowledgable, and the great happy hour made us feel like we had more than our money's worth. Went back the next day with a good friend to try our luck with the AYCE... Where do I begin?First of all, Bear and I can eat. A lot. So we starved ourselves all day and started with a pregame at my house featuring cold beer and a heated game of darts. Good fun. Then off to Island Sushi. The place was packed, always a good sign. We got a table right away and looked over the menu. The AYCE is reasonably priced, but  the $4 bottomless hit sake put I.S. over the top. We had 5 carafes a piece. Very smooth, with a nice butterscotch finish. Beautiful. The food: we started with an amazing seaweed salad, sashimi salad, and this incredible daikon/spicy tuna salad. Immediately we were happy. The fish was fresh and well portioned. The daikon salad was insane. Tried an ahi poke as well. Great flavor, fresh fish. We ordered more of the daikon salad and seaweed salad along with four or five rolls. The Black Widow was killer, the others very good too. After the rolls and more sake, we went with baked mussels (wonderful) and nigiri. The salmon was outstanding, not too much rice either. The hamachi was good, but the the snapper took the cake. The fish melted in my mouth.Had another round of nigiri (all snapper) and tried the raw wasabi octopus. Had my doubts at first, but YOLO, am I right? The look of it was terrifying, but the flavor was incredible. Very spicy. A little tough, but it's octopus, it should be. We had more sake and took a smoke break outside to collaborate on a plan of attack for the final showdown.The staff is amazing, they even tracked down a lighter for us! And they made sure our table was untouched while we decided on what to do next. We opted for more seaweed salad, a spicy tuna roll and half of a deep fried Philly. Cream cheese rolls are not my favorite, but the Bear liked it. Over all, I have never been so overly satisfied. This place is fanstastic. Even the simple things, like the wasabi and soysauce, was very good. We ended with a tempura banana split and a scoop of green tea ice cream. The exec chef was walking out as we were finishing and I was able to thank him for such a wonderful meal. He was very genuine and humble. This place is a gem. Please don't change a thing! Except maybe let me order more than one daikon salad per person. That stuff was too good to put a limit on. I look forward to my next AYCE/AYCD at this incredible hole in the wall.Thank you Island Sushi!
4	Has a great brunch.
3	Environment: 1/5Food: 2/5Cost: 4/5Employees: 5/5Parking: 5/5Total: 17/25Synopsis:  So my best friend who I have known for 15 years is getting married.  So she decided to have her bachelorette in none-other, VEGAS!!!   Our first meal there was at Island Sushi. It was an L&L look alike.  Why we came here, I have no idea.  I can get this at home, really.  The food was not noteworthy.  However, what was disturbing was inside the restaurant.  The place looked so drabbed down I wouldn't want to be found dead here.  The question remains as to whether or not I would come back here again. The answer is probably no because I don't prefer plate lunches.Environment: When you come here, it resembles so much like Hawai'i.  Didn't you know Las Vegas is the new safe house for former Hawai'i residents, who can't afford to live there?  Once inside, it wasn't too appealing in color.  You see all the metallic refrigerators, kitchen area.  The floors are drab, the walls are dark tinted yellow.  It is certainly meant for a quick and run kind of sit-in place. Food: I had the Garlic Ahi and all brown rice.  It looked like 3 pieces of 3 oz of grilled ahi, once slice of lemon, and 2 cups of brown rice.  This will fill you up for the price.  The Garlic Ahi was a bit bland.  I would recommend having a garlic sauce to go with it to make it jump from mediocre to awesome. I should have opted out for the mini plate on this one, but because I was starving I didn't care. 3/5Poke: Although, I didn't have this, the fish didn't look fresh.  It didn't have that shiny, unslimmy, I-Was-Just-Placed-Here kind of look to it.  Yikes! Joe and Phil decided to get it anyway.  Luckily, they chose something that was a little fresher, but the taste was not Hawai'I or my father's level of greatness. 2/5Cost: My plate came out to be 9.95.  That's cheap, considering the brown rice was an extra $1.25.  Ridiculous.  However, what was uber expensive was the poke. $16.99 a pound!  Jesus Christ!  And if you read the latter information, you would know you were being gypped. Employees: They were very nice.  The girl at the desk greeted with a smile.  Very courteous, it almost made me forget that the place was a POS.Parking: This was by far the best feature of this place.  Because it's Vegas, meaning more land space, we had prime real estate, also known as right in front of the doors.
5	Oh Yeah, you guys, Oh yeah.Went for the AYCE a few days ago. Freaking spactacular as always. This time I ventured out a little more, going with my usual nigiri (Oh that hamachi) and rolls (black widow everytime baby) and some new treats, including the strawberry and goat cheese salad, the grilled hamachi collar with ponzu and the teri beef and teri chicken. Beautiful. Sarie had a few rolls, loving every bite. She did the classic Sarie rolls (California, Spicy Tuna). What can I say, she knows what she likes...The service is always crazy good. This time we were laughing at our girl's description of the size of the mochi balls. God bless! ('I've had bigger balls' she tells me)Oh! And they have an AYCE punch card you guys! She brought one out for me at the end of my feast. Buy 10 AYCE, the 11th is a freebie.  I was grateful, but somewhat perturbed that I had been 3 times so far and never knew about the punchie. But hey, this is ISLAND SUSHI we're talking about. My beautiful server went back in time for me and gave me credit for those times too.Oh yeah, you guys, oh yeah.By the way, The Bear and I will be working on punchhole #4 on Sunday night, so you better have that beautiful sushi man warmed up and ready to roll on my Black Widow baby!
4	I love their food , but their attitude kinda suck !!!!!!!
2	The food and the service is whatever!
5	The place was packed, but we instantly got a seat at the bar. The ayce is around $26 for dinner. There were a million rules that reminded me of catholic boarding school in Essex when I was a wee lad. But none of them scared us off. Usual crap: eat all the rolls. Eat the rice. Don't stay for more than 2 hours. One dessert per person.The food: bomb. Quick. Not overly large rolls. The sushi chefs were nice and helpful. The specialty rolls were creative. Some new pairings I haven't seen before. The nigiri wasn't stingy on the fish. We had hamachi and salmon. Both were tender, fresh, and meaty.One thing that was awesome about this place is that after 4 full rolls and 4 pieces of nigiri, the people were shocked we were ordering dessert. They wanted us to eat more. That says something about the service. They weren't trying to get us the fock out. All in all, good place. The ayce for what we eat is probably what we would spend a-la-carte, but whatever.Just remember, eat your rice. ;)
5	Great place to get sushi on this side of town. Servings of the raw fish in rolls and nigiri dishes are above average size. The flavor is amazing. The tiger roll is amazing because the spicy tuna doesn't over power  the other ingredients like most places do. Def recommended.
3	Island Sushi has a lot of potential to it, but unfortunately to me it seemed like just another ordinary sushi bar. The service here is nice, but it's more of the dishes that are bland. Nothing over the top or colorful. This is more of a neighborhood sushi bar to get your fix with sushi if you're not looking for anything over the top.Came here twice with a group of friends who sat in the dining area and with a friend who sat at the bar. Both times seating was ready and available. Waitresses were nice and so were the chefs at the bar. The only dispute I have is with the miso soup. Way, *way* too salty for its own good. Everything else tasted great, though. Even though Island Sushi is A-OK, I wouldn't mind stopping by here again if I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Always a delicious treat when we eat here. Came here with a few friends that were missing "local food" so what better place than Island Sushi & Grill. Very accommodating with the 10 friends we had, started with a couple appetizers for everybody: spicy tuna with pickled daikon, ahi poke, baked mussels, garlic chicken, Kim chii fried rice, yaki soba, spicy raw crab (yummy), hamachi Kama, sashimi salad and that's just appetizers.   On to the Nigri sushi all fresh and perfectly made: hamachi, yellowtail, Cajun albacore, ebi, amaebi, salmon skin hand roll.....whole lotta goodness in just two entrees. For the grand sushi rolls we ordered the maKaha, big island, kahuku and more than we can't seem to remember due to being comatose. Oh let me mind you that they do offer an AYCD on sake!!!  What?!?!?!  Yes all you can drink sake!!!!  Great food and get drunk, how can you complain. Let's not forget the dessert: 808 special!!!  So yum yum and you can even take some cocoa puffs. Hard to find great sushi spots and we've grown to love this place.  Will definitely keep going back especially with the start of their punch cards. Auryte!!!!!
5	all you can eat sushi & all you can drink sake!
5	Visiting in Las Vegas is always fun! One of the funnest things to do in Vegas, besides wasting your $ on the slots and in the shops, is EATING. Vegas has some amazing restaurants.Island sushi is one of those amazing places. I went with a large group of friends and we tried several  rolls. All of them were amazing. Every Monday and Thursday they have 50% your bill and that knocked our $300 bill to $150. We were pretty damn pleased.I walked out feeling great, not stuffed. Everything was Fresh and just yum.I'd describe this place as orgasm-in-mouth. Yum! I will be back.
2	Ok... So let's talk about this place :-)  I live in summerlin and decide to drive all the way out here to check this place out because my friend likes it. I'm always a bit leary because what a friend think's is good quality is completely different then what I think is good.  So... I walk inside and it's divided into 2 types of restaurants in 1 bldg with a wall dividing the two.  Inside the main entrance is the hawaiian side of the dining room with approx 3 tables and a counter area to order from just like aloha kitchen and L&L hawaiian.  On the other side of the wall is the sushi side of the restaurant with several tables and a sushi bar (both halves of this place are VERY small)  So after waiting a few minutes I get a seat at the sushi bar and they have 2 chefs and I think 2 or 3 servers and the place is full.  It is VERY easy to see right away that they are definitely under staffed for the amount of guests they have. After waiting approx 15 min we finally get to place our first order.  The menu looks good and the quality was fine (nothing great but certainly nothing bad at all)  But they were definitely VERY slow both the food and the servers and very cramped inside.  Once thing I will mention is when I ordered the uni (sea urchin) the first piece tasted very funny and odd and I thought ok maybe just maybe it was me.. I tried the 2nd piece and it was very noticeable.  Sorry, This place is definitely not worth going to. There are several places closer to me that I can get avg sushi and better service at.
5	I found this place doing a Yelp search while planning my trip to LV.  And the lovely thing was my cousin and LV resident, highly recommended this place for AYCE sushi.  The great thing about this place (to me) is that it's away from the LV Strip.  Been there, done that, y'know? Sometimes off the beaten track is best and Island Sushi did not disappoint!This place is a hole-in-the-wall. No doubt about that.  You want a Zen or tranquil or a sleek sushi house experience, this ain't it.  This is get-down-to-business-eat-your-sushi-or-Hawaiian-favorites kinda joint. We had a fantastic experience.  The servers were great. Always checking on us, clearing plates, refilling glasses and making sure if we wanted more sushi--and not in a "hurry up and order" kind of way, but in a genuine "would you like more to eat?" kind of way.  This was my first time doing AYCE sushi (other than Todai which I hated, so I won't count that).  We made sure we understood the rules and then we ordered well.  Very well.  Everything was delicious. Well made and fresh. We ordered Ahi Poke and Hammachi Kama.  The Ahi Poke was my favorite--the flavors so fresh. I wish I could re-create it at home because I'd eat it at least once a week. The Hammachi was delicious too. It reminded me of the grilled fish my dad serves.Nigiri: Tuna, Cajun Tuna, Garlic Tuna, Super White Tuna, Albacore, Hammachi, Salmon, Ebi and Unagi.  Some we loved so much we ordered them twice (and 3 times in the case of Garlic Tuna)  Maki: Tiger, Spicy Mexican, Joe's Special.  All so good. If you like Jalapeno and Siracha, the Mexican roll is for you.  For me, it had a nice heat, not too spicy.  The Tiger Roll was my favorite because I love shrimp tempura and spicy tuna--well made and tasty. Joe's Special--I don't know who Joe is, but this is also a fine roll--shrimp tempura, cucumber and ahi. Save room for dessert.  In fact, if you're full, order dessert anyway.  They're not huge portions but are certainly delicious.  I had the Malassada sundae, made with warm malassada donuts, vanilla ice cream, strawberries and guava sauce drizzle. Every bite was delicious.  I also got to try the warm brownie sundae--also very good. The brownie is dense and rich, almost like a flourless chocolate cake. The bro is good at math so I had him check our AYCE price versus if we just paid a la carte--the AYCE is definitely a steal.  This is certainly better than any buffet style AYCE sushi because you can order off of 3 different pages of Nigiri and Maki and side dishes and everything is fresh to order.
5	So after eating at Island Sushi this is now my go to place for AYCE sushi and Hawaiian food.  When one of our friends that lives in Vegas brought us here we were  a bit hesitant about this place.  We walked in and I swear it felt like I just walked into a cafe from Hawaii.  The smell of the malasadas were awesome.  I love how there's a bakery on one side and the restaurant on the other.  So we sat down, a party of 14, and  all ordered AYCE... The faces on the sushi chefs were classic. Hahaha We ordered pretty much every roll they had and every single one was bomb.  I cant remember the names but damn they were good.  The one that got me was the Uni and kimchee fried rice.  Damn that uni was damn good.  I could eat tons of that kimchee fried rice.  So we came to the desert and first thing i see is the malasada ice cream sundae.  WHAT! oh hell yes I will take one pls.  Their malasada was so good we ordered 2 dozen before we left. Hahahaha not as good as Leonards in Hawaii but pretty damn close. The service was the best as close as you can get to the aloha spirit of Hawaii.  Some even still have their pidgin accent. Awesome.   I will definitely be coming here again.. Great place!!!
2	Not sure if their phone order service is going downhill but it's been a struggle to even get an order in.  USUALLY, when I call I get my order in quick.  Now it's like if you don't respond within 1 second they hang up on you.  The 2nd time there's there's a internet phone dial up sound, then the 3rd time they answer.Not even a minute ago I tried putting in my order and I was on hold for 7 minutes.  Why did I stay on the phone for 7 minutes? Because I wanted to record everything that happened because of their stupid phone service...Minute 1: Them: Island sushi and grill can I help you?Me: Hi can i place a take out order?Them: Ok can I put you on hold for a little?*finishes up taking an order*Minute 2 - 4:*background noise*Minute 5:*Them taking another order*Minute 6:*someone drops dishes*Minute 7:Them: Hello? 1 second later hangs up...I'm a regular and unless their customer service improves I will not be returning here just the mere fact that their staff is incapable of "completing an order before pissing the customer off"
1	ok so went to Island Sushi last night and ordered a saimin and a mini tonkatsu.  First of all, we were the only ones in there, our order took over 15 minutes to come out, our  tonkatsu came out first and when we opened our plate, there was 5 tiny pieces of tonkatsu.  ARE YOU SERIOUS?  we just sat there staring at the plate saying are you kidding, are they serious?  we asked the worker if this was really the order, she said yes, they give one piece for a mini!  we had to laugh...then our saimin came out and was not even hot, we had to ask them to put it in the microwave.  this place has gone downhill and I guess that's what they do, suck you in with the food and then they rip you off!  We love their food but seriously, what's next?
3	Pretty decent place if you want to eat 'americanized, sushi. I'm just getting started in the sushi world so I like tempura sushi and they happen to have a nice selection. The desert is really good.
5	**Grill side** Island sushi & grill has to be my favorite place for Hawaiian local food. Anytime you walk into a hawaiian local spot you will always feel the warmth and aloha. They are so welcoming it feels like i'm home! Garlic chicken is so awesome. I always get the bento with the teriyaki beef and choice of chicken which would always be the garlic chicken. I share with my son all the time and he absolutely loves it. He never leaves me any noodles though :(  Now that they have poke express, I'm totally in love! Spicy ago combo is my ultimate fave poke! Their limu is good too. I'm just sad it's far from my house. Malasadas are yummy with the fillings. There are other desserts too. So good! A good 15 mins but it's so worth going there.*sushi side* All you can eat is great, i always have the scallop mayo, i can't find it anywhere else and that really reminds me of back home. they also have really good sides!  service is always good
3	This place is ok. Good and fast service, but the rolls are nothing to write home about. In fact, most of them are tempura shrimp based so there is not much true variety if you think about it. The tempura banana desert is really good, so if you find yourself eating here, make sure you get it.
5	My cousin showed us this place while my family was on vacation. This place is great. The employees were friendly, the food was delicious, and the environment was relaxing. There is such a large variety of food that it was difficult for me to pick! My brother and I got yakisoba with chicken, my parents got something else but I forgot. The yakisoba contained a perfect mix of ingredients. Not too much vegetables and not too little yakisoba! My parents said that their meal tasted like they were in Hawaii! We ate on the grill side, but as I saw, the sushi side has a nice modern look.
3	First time coming here for sushi. Ate a few of the selection and it tasted pretty good but I wasn't blown away by it. Everything was fresh and what not. I did find a new appetizer that I liked called the Ahi Poke. Not too shabby! Not much Nigiri selection as far as the citrus'y type goes (it's mainly the norm and plain kind).Only thing I thought was kind of dumb was the fact that there were certain item on the menu that you can't order for lunch unless you pay the dinner price. Really?  Also, you are only allowed 1 dessert per person. You can't order another one after you're done.Still debating about whether I would go back or not. Not that it's bad or anything...just ehhhhh.
4	*EDITED* We are regular customers to Island Sushi and Grill.  We have had multiple family events at the AYCE and frequently eat on the Grill side.  Service was excellent and has always made us feel we are important customers, we feel the Aloha.We recently had an issue with an order from the Grill - take out.  The associate assisting us was new to the complaint department. After speaking to Chef Terence, he resolved the issue respectfully. Quickly. Effectively. We will continue to patronize Island Sushi and Grill, recommend to friends and enjoy all the local food they have to offer.  Thank you for making us Feel the Aloha.We give this restaurant a Four Star RatingFood - 4/5Service - 4/5Customer Service Resolutions - 5/5
4	I had the teishoku A with a choice of fried Saba and the Surf and Turf sushi roll. Both were good.
4	One of the best places to get hawaiian style poke and malasadas.
4	Wasn't really expecting much out of this place but this place was really good. It was a little busy so it did take little to get our food. But our waiter and the busier were really kool and helped us choose some rolls and desert.
4	Coming in here was a bit confusing. At first it threw me off that there is different sections for different restaurants. It looked like one big place to me. Poke express is inside island sushi and I was strictly coming here for poke but decided to eat at island sushi also. This place is pretty good. Good customer service and good food. The lady that had helped me was nice. She explained all the questions I had and was very nice about it. I liked the Hawaiian food mix that they had going on. I had the "grilled" side of island sushi.  I ordered the loco moco with Portuguese sausage. It was pretty good. I had tried stuff my group had gotten also. No complaints really.  I would recommend coming here just for the poke express but this place is a added bonus. Although it only says ISLAND SUSHI outside and a small poke express on the door when coming in. My food at poke express probably overshadowed how good the food is here so I will probably come back here and give an update if this place is even more awesome or not.
2	My husband and I decided to try this place after a great recommendation from an acquaintance. Although the sushi was good, the service was horrible.  We didn't have to wait to be seated but the waitress never brought us our appetizer, nothing hard to remember (it was just 2 orders of miso soup) and was not very welcoming.  We felt like she didn't want to be there and do her job. Also, although there were not that many people the wait for our sushi (all raw, no cooking required) took a long time. The only thing that came to the table fast was the check and the only thing that left the table fast was the money.  Don't think we are coming here again.
4	Mmmm. Mmmmm. Mmmmmm. Love the baked sushi dishes. Baked lasagna.... a must try :) There are two sides to the restaurant. Island Grill & Island Sushi. Island Grill is a more of a sit down, let's eat quick or take it to go, section. They serve hamburgers, bbq/grilled food, noodles, etc. They also have kimchee rice! I fell in love at first site :) It was delicious (for you kimchee lovers). It separates into the Island Sushi room. A nice sit down, let's drink a glass of wine or a bottle of beer, area. There are 2 Tv's which usually has sports on (for you sports lovers) and a small bar where you can watch the chefs make sushi. If you are on a sushi fix, I recommend purchasing the "all you can eat" sushi menu. It is worth the price you pay! Noise level can get loud when there's a big sports event on TV.
4	Food is very good. I have only had delivery so I don't know how the restaurant is but the sushi is very yummy. My only complaint is that delivery is so much! It was about $15 for a delivery charge.
4	Came back here 2 more times, this time I stuck with the lunch pricing vs dinner pricing during lunch time. Food is still fresh. Depending on who the server is that day will depend on how great of a customer service you are going to get. They get pretty packed during noon time and there seems to only be 2 people working there so expect to take a longer lunch. I finally tried their desert (808 special and malassada sundae) and its pretty tasty. I like the malassada sundae a lot because of the flavors in it. Definitely would like to go back and eat more.
5	Hands down one of the best AYCE sushi spots in town. It's been really packed lately but that's because of how great it is. I can never have enough of the island special roll. The best. Everything is great at this spot!
5	best hawaiian food in vegas! mochiko chicken & teri beef bento! mmmmmmm....
5	I came here for AYCE sushi and this place has pretty good sushi, and this is the only place where I was able to find soft shell crab poke. Yes, it was yummy. Another trip for the malasadas and coco puffs. Dang this place has the best malasadas in town so far. Perfectly sugared, fried to perfection on the outside with a slight crispyness and then you hit that warm and luscious dough on the inside which gives a light but chewy goodness. Next time I'm ordering a dozen for myself. Coco puffs were quite tasty too. Chocolate pudding was good, the puff was nice and light, and the macadamia nut frosting on top was the closest I've had to Liliha bakery's mac nut butter.
4	I have been here more times than I can count and any time I'm craving sushi and treats from "home" (Hawaii), this is where I head. The prices are standard for AYCE ($21.95 for lunch and $26.95 for dinner) and well worth it. You have many choices of appetizers/sides and my favorites are the ahi poke (from Poke Express), mochiko chicken, garlic chicken, sashimi salad, and kimchee fried rice. Good stuff. I like to order the hand rolls with hamachi (yellowtail) and sake (salmon). Fresh and delicious. My favorite specialty rolls are the Black Widow, Dragon, Island Special, Tiger, Kahuku, and Pauhana.We celebrated my dad's birthday there last May and it was also Mother's Day so we participated in the AYCE Sushi plus Sunday brunch. The special menu featured breakfast favorites like pancakes and mimosas. There were also additional desserts that were unlimited like cream puffs and filled malasadas (they were both so, so good). I thought it was just for the holiday, but I saw a similar menu during another visit, so it may be a Sunday Brunch thing. Either way, I recommend a visit with the special menu because it made the meal so much better.
2	Sushi is ok. i prefer not to go to AYCE places, because the fish is not the freshest. Also, sometimes the service sucks really bad, if you are not sitting at the bar. Prices are about average for AYCE joint. If you want better sushi then go to Momo Sushi.
5	Always great food and service. Havent had bad experience yet. Ordered spicy machiko chicken and finished with coco puffs for desert. One of my favorite spots for plate lunch.
4	This review is for the sushi portion of dinner. The restaurant is located on Eastern past Serene, but before Richmar. If you get up to BJs, you've gone too far. Inside of the restaurant is sectioned off in to two areas. Entrance area seems to be designated for traditional Hawaiian grilled dishes, and the area thru the door on the right is the sit down sushi area. We came here on a Friday night and it was packed. They do have a wide selection of AYCE sushi and many sides to choose from (although the sides appear to be half of what you'd get if you were ordering a la carte).The AYCE menu has two symbols that denote different things. Chopsticks next to the item indicate it is a dinner only item, while the sushi icon indicates it is one order per person.  The rolls were fine and fish relatively fresh. One thing to note is their speciality rolls were in fact not drenched in Yum sauce or mayo concoctions of any sort. A lot of what we ordered had their garlic sauce on the roll itself, and I wasn't a fan. It tasted like gin ...I know strange.  We sample several rolls: Joe's Special, Black Widow, Spicy Mexican, Lava Lover, Lasagna, Surf and Turf. I also had their scallop mayo and salmon nigiri. The salmon was fresh, the scallop mayo was very bland and forgettable. My favorite roll of the group was Spicy Mexican, the rest were decent, but nothing I would rush to eat again.The service was fine, minus the initial hiccup. It took a little over 20 minutes to get our first three rolls to the table. I know that it wasn't our servers fault, and it was pretty packed in there. They didn't bring it out roll by roll so we had food coming throughout, instead they waited for all rolls to be made before they brought them out. I guess it makes more sense that way, especially with being so packed.  So although, famished by the time we got the food, I won't hold it against them.I would recommend this place is you want more simple, non yum sauce heavy rolls with fresh fish and friendly service.
4	the service was good. the sushi was ok, the rice fell apart when i picked it up. the fish tasted fresh and they had a spicy roll which i loved. it was spicy crunchy! with sriracha, green pepper, crunchies and shrimp tempura. we also tried the deep fried chicken from the other room. that was super delish. and i had dessert of course. dabash cake which was chocolate on chocolate. the dessert was made at their bakery and made up for the rice. it's a family restaurant and so it was loud. they also offered half off rolls!
5	I love this place and I love the happy hours. The service is great and friendly. The most I love is the desserts. I tried the deserts here when I was on my date and I love it.
5	Had to try this place after passing by & hearing other satisfied opinions. The taste of everything was so flavorful. I felt like in a small local business in Hawaii. It's casual and a clean looking atmosphere. The variety of appetizer plates you can order besides sushi for the All You Can Eat is great. I kinda wished there were more spicy rolls but the mussels, nigiri, spinach salad, and etc tasted fresh. Service is fine too. I will definitely be back. My favorite sushi places have some competition!
5	This place may not be for everyone, but I love it!  I've been here eight jillion times for AYCE sushi- the service is great, friendly, the sushi chefs are fast, smiling, ready to be of service no matter how busy they are, and I've been there when they've be REALLY busy~!  When you order from the servers the food comes out hot, or cold as the case may be, and quick- never had to remind a server "we're waiting on,..." ever.  The AYCE rules are reasonable, and, best of all, never get the feeling they're slowing down because you are doing AYCE -- Rolls are good, a good variety of everything- I developed a shrimp allergy, so even with that, the variety is outstanding, and they will make accommodations.  Not fancy, so don't get your hopes up that you're going to a place that's getting Michelin Stars- if you want a place that you can go, eat good food, relax and have a nice visit with friends and family, there ya go!
4	On a little weekend trip to Vegas, me and my friend wanted to explore the local joints a lot more and heard about Island Sushi Grill.  We happened to go there on a weekend ayce brunch time and ordered alot of rolls and fusion-y items from the menu.   All the rolls were pretty yummy and the spam sliders were addicting!  Overall a good relaxing local place for japanese food.  Definitely a place to be around to hang with the locals of Las Vegas versus all the random tourists.
2	I wasn't happy with my experience. I ordered Portuguese sausage loco moco- waited about 15 minutes just to get spam loco moco. Ordered garlic shrimp plate and there was no taste to it. The macaroni salad was so bland- also no taste. I left still hungry :( I won't be eating here again, but I will come back for the poke though every once in a while cuz it's $16 per pound- wwooww, but it's onolicious. I would give it a 1 star but the poke is delicious so 2 stars it is.
4	What a nice break from the restaurants on the strip!  Buffet lunch is completely worth it.  Fish quality is great.  Service is great.  Just word of advice: make sure u read the whole menu and choose what u most want first before u fill ur belly up with ur 2nd tier options.
2	Visited twice but I think that's that. During my last visit, the service was dreadful.  They were very understaffed (so, not really the waitstaff's problem) which translated into an annoying ordeal just to get our order taken, water refilled, or our food.  C+Unfortunately, the food did not make up for the service.  We ordered the salmon sashimi with orgasm sauce ($8).  The salmon was drenched in the mayonnaise-based dressing and, even then, under all that crap, I could tell it wasn't the freshest fish.  Pass.We also ordered the Joe's Special and Maui Wowie rolls.  I enjoyed the Maui Wowie (shrimp tempura, eel, avocado) but the Joe's Special was pretty underwhelming.  Also, once again, I wasn't impressed with the quality of the fish.  Maybe I was there on a bad day?The only redeeming quality of our meal was the malasada sundae.  I really enjoyed the fresh malasada (portugese donut), vanilla ice cream, and guava sauce. However, I would not endure another dining experience here just for this dessert.  Which, is a shame, because it's delicious.Overall: If I ever returned, I'd go to the take-out window and skip the restaurant.
5	Great food & employees. You feel like family here and once you try the food it's hard to go anywhere else.
4	Love it, great selection.. You can have it all
4	Decent sushi, Hawiian food as authentic as it gets, and really fresh poke for when you're on the run. The staff is really sweet, and service is quick. My favorite Hawaiian restaurant for sure.
4	Great place to get a Hawaiian fix. They have all the favorites even Haupui, Dobosh cake, Poke.  I tried the Poke and it was very good. The Yakisoba was OK, wonton Ramen was delicious, and kimchi ramen was good too, but just a tad too spicy for my taste. Also tried the loco moco it was good, but not the best I've had. Have to go back to try the Oxtail soup after 6:00pm.
5	How much do I love this place?  Let me count the ways:  the wait staff and manager are VERY friendly, the sushi is always fresh and DELICIOUS, the all you can drink house sake, the competitive pricing, the hawaiian dishes, the takeout nextdoor, etc etc.  The list goes on!
1	I was so disappointed in this place. It's really gone downhill. I did the all you can eat and the sushi tasted fishy and like a refrigerator. I talked to the manager and he insisted on charging me the full all you can eat price for just 4 pieces of sushi because I couldn't continue eating with such poor quality. What happened to Island sushi?
4	Great sushi.
5	There is the "sit down, get served" kine, and there is the "lunch stand" kine. I just went to the lunch stand part.. I went to the very back to get my quarter pound of spicy avocado poke, then I went to the register to order musubi. :) In the future I will go to the sushi bar area and check that out. Otherwise, I love it I love it I love it. Broke da mouf, fo' sho'!
5	Love it! Reminds me of home. Can't beat the portions or the price!
4	Friendly girls working the cash register and took our order.  My mother in law had visited this place since moving to LV.  She enjoyed the food and taken many other relatives there.  I ordered the kimchee saimin and regular saimin for my daughter and I. My daughter had the mini Teri beef. She LOVED IT!! We normally go to Aloha Specialities @California Hotel in dwtwn, but they also have a location in Downtown.... We may have found a NEW place to eat!!
5	It was our first time here so asked the girl what she recommends.  she said garlic chicken was their popular dish.  So we had the garlic chicken, kalbi and malasadas.  All were delicious!  Can't wait to come back!
5	Pretty awesome place! I was in the area and, based off my friend's recommendation, we dropped by during Happy Hour (50% off rolls). I was in a bit of a hurry and just ordered 3 rolls between us:-Ahi Fever Roll-Caterpillar Roll-Spider Roll All were excellent! They tasted more authentic than most sushi restaurants. So delicious. There are two separate sections and we sat in the self-service area (Poke Express?), however the staff was still friendly. I look forward to trying the AYCE here. It's somewhat in my area so I will definitely be back!
5	Been meaning to try this place for such a long time now & I can't believe I waited this long. I do live on the Westside though so it's a bit of a travel but it was worth it! Boyfriend & I did AYCE around lunchtime. All the sushi were fresh, huge and delicious! I suggest getting the Chili Garlic Edemame as well! Service was terrific, loved the interior. Just a quaint little place with various Hawaiian decor.Really appreciated the warm ALOOOOHA spirit, since my boyfriend & I are from Hawaii. Oh, and if you're looking for poke, look no further. Poke Express is next door!You're welcome. :)
4	My cousin took us here for dinner at Island Sushi... this hole in the wall place has tasty sushi, yummy Hawaiian food and the BEST malasadas in the mainland!   Wiped out a rainbow roll, chicken katsu and the 808 Special (a humongous dessert with deep fried bananas, 2 scoops of ice cream, fruits and whipped cream).Did I mention that their malasadas are the best that I've had on the mainland?  Cause they are!!  Okay, I've only been here one, but for that one visit....oh man!  They were so good!  I hope that the next time we go here, there malasadas are still scrumptiously divinely yummy!!It is located off of the Strip so if you're visiting Vegas, then you'll have to drive or take a taxi.  It is worth it though!  If you are from Vegas, then check them out for yourself.
5	Their crunch is AMAZING! And thei dragon roll is even better. I love this place for my Dojo and I. You have to go and you wont regret it!
5	Affordable all you can eat lunch! Hamachi Nigiri, Spider Roll, Crunch Roll, 007 Roll, Spicy Tuna and Chicken Katasu, Gyozas.  Makes me, my wife and friends smile!
1	We came here for a friends birthday & it was the worst place I have ever been to.  I ordered some sort of egg plate and a roll (I forgot what roll it was), but the taste of the plate was INCREDIBLY horrible and tasted spoiled! I took three bites and I had to put my fork down.  The rolls were not that great either. It was stale, bland, and unappealing.The service was mediocre. However, thee price we paid was too overpriced.  I would never step into this restaurant again.
4	Eggplants fries are the bomb!  Yes, it is also part of the AYCE sushi menu.  Typically, we would go to Goyemon for the AYCE, but Island Sushi is our next go to place if we don't want to trek to Goyemon.The fish selection are great here too.  They are fresh and delicious.  What I like to order here are not just the egglants fries, but the crab tako.  I can chow down three order of these because the sauce and the raw crab goes so well together.  For dessert, we only get one order per person, so I typically chose wisely.  I would get the malasada if it was fresh, and not just a lump of stale dough.  If I asked and it has been sitting since earlier that day, I would default to the brownie and scoop of ice cream.Overall, I am a fan and will return.  They also have a AYCE brunch menu that includes item like King's Hawaiian bread french toast, and other interesting items.  Check it out if you have not done so!
3	Decent sushi but overpriced. I'll probably visit again if I'm on that side of town but I will stick to my usual sushi spot.
3	nothing over the top about this place besides the $8 all u can drink asahi drafts. food was average and so was the service.
1	Worst customer service I have ever experienced in my entire life. I never write reviews but after this experience, I thought it my duty to warn future patrons. Never will I ever come back...not even if the food was free.
4	House rules say you AYCE in 90mins.  Monkey do.  MAUNA KEACATERPILLARCANDY CANEMALASSADA SUNDAEWhile each roll averages about $13 each, you get your money's worth with just two rolls.  Overdid at the third and didn't realize dessert comes with it.  Whoa!  Malassada topped with strawberries, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and guava sauce...  Rolls came out quick and with a smile.  Lunch is $21.99 til 4pm and Dinner is $26.99.  Monkey shall return to try out the grilled items.
5	Great sushi restaurant, service was excellent, staff was very friendly "chewy" and "Jose", and the food was very fresh. Drink never went empty, and the variety of food is great. Will be going back for sure!
4	I tried other AYCE sushi places, and i'm not really a sushi snob, as long as its pretty fresh and they make it, in front of you and as  long as it tastes good -that good for me.I've been here a few times, what I like about Island Sushi is that you get your sushi fix (if you are hungry) as well as Local Hawaiian specialtys like Poke, Mochiko and Garlic chicken, malasada, miso yaki fish, etc. Food is tasty and you will eat plenty. Try there special sushi like Candy Cane, Mauna Loa, Surf and Turf etc. Food is comes pretty quick and servers are pretty cool.
5	We eat here once a week for their Happy Hour & it never disappoints! I especially love that their HH is extended to the weekends! We have our "usual" & it's consistently good every time! My boyfriend gets:- Salmon Sashimi w/ Orgasm Sauce- Salmon Lovers Roll- sometimes he'll order something different! I ALWAYS get the Crunch Roll. I find myself craving it throughout the week. I'm not a sashimi fan, so I do stick with what I'm comfortable with. As far as service goes, everyone is always friendly & smiling. They make you feel comfortable. Sandy will usually come to our table & say what's up; it's nice when the staff recognizes you! I love this place. You have to try it! Oh, & the desserts...to die for. 808 Special & the Tempura Fried Ice Cream. Oh myyyy.
2	No. Do. Not. Order the brownie.
4	My boyfriend and I came here an hour before they closed and we were glad to hear it was happy hour. Pluses - $2 Asahi Drafts for happy hour and sushi rolls were delicious. Downer- service wasn't that great. It took us 10 mins to get our bill after asking our server and 15 more minutes for her to give us the bill. It was a little busy but tables she went to, she was returning for water refills, food orders, or checking up on them.
2	Unfortunately they do not know how to properly prepare spam musubi. The Nori is not supposed to have a paper like consistency when served. It's really not that hard.
5	Love their tonkatsu and fried noodles.  They also make malasadas and cocoa puffs and definitely the place for poke in the 702.
4	Not what I would expect to see decor wise for an AYCE sushi place but don't let that deter you. They serve some of the FRESHEST fish!!! The wait staff is nothing but super friendly either!! Definitely a go to spot if you love sushi.
2	So I've never had AYCE at Island sushi until this past weekend. I have to say I thought the food was ok. It wasn't anything that would make me want to take people to. The rolls were ok. The uni was good. The service was good. I just don't think that it was worth the price for the food. If your into Hawaiian infused sushi this place is for you but I will stick to my fave spots. The poke here is very good just expensive.... it's more worth it for me to go buy fish & make it myself. All in all it was ok but I will NOT be returning here for sushi when there are far better places, better priced.
5	YUM.  that's the first word that pops into my head when i think of islands sushi. this restaurant has become one of my favorites in vegas.  i don't really like being reminded of home when i'm on vacation, but the food, family-friendly atmosphere & service has been totally awesome, like restaurants back in hawaii.  it's hard to find exceptionally great sushi/local food on the mainland.  if i were to move here to the 9th island, i wouldn't be too sad.my last visit was great, but not as satisfying only because of pregnancy.  i can't tolerate certain smells and i certainly don't eat much at this point. i was also told to stay away from sashimi, which is fine since i'm not a huge fan.  i like to make the most of buffets and i just couldn't do it, so i decided not to take advantage of the all-you-can-eat deal and instead got a bento box. i didn't make a mistake. it was very yummy!  i chose the bento box a - teri beef w/furikake rice, yakisoba, spam and choice of chicken.  i went with the garlic chicken.  it was a lot of food for $8.25. i had to take it home.  didn't eat much of the chicken (i think i had an aversion to it) but pounded the spam and half of the teri beef.  my son enjoyed it too.  i was surprised that he sat still and ate good. the 808 special is the bomb. i missed that, some of the rolls and basically just the all you can eat deal. i'm definitely looking forward to it next time 'cause i won't be pregnant when i come back (i think).almost forgot.. their malasadas are good too :)
5	Coming from beach area in Southern CA, we are somewhat sushi snobs as it is quite fresh where we are. That being said, we have always been a bit hesitant to try sushi in the middle of a desert! At the request of a friend, we did finally try Island Sushi and now wish we could get there every week from So. Cal!!! Nothing beats it and the all-you-can-eat price ROCKS! Food was awesome! Service was wonderful and they encouraged us to try some new things that were so good! Worth every penny! Our new favorite place in town! Can't wait to go back!!!
5	I love this place!  The all you can eat sushi deal for dinner is absolutely worth it.  The grill is very tasty, from the bbq short ribs to the garlic chicken to the fried noodles.  They also have a fresh selection for ahi tuna in the deli section, variety of flavored marinades.  The customer service is also great!  Once I had ordered something new to me, and it was just too salty for my taste and without any hesitation they replaced it!  Thanks
4	I remember when this place was koto and the AYCE was some of the best I've ever had. Now it's island sushi. The AYCE is standard fare. Carbon copy of all the other AYCE sushi places in town for the most part. What this place has that others don't is the aloha spirit. The staff is super friendly and very helpful. Never an empty water cup. When I'm here, I feel like I'm at a friends house. Always feel welcomed.
5	YUM this is my favorite lunch spot while in Vegas! definetly would reccomend
5	Island sushi rocks!  Everything I had was good except the raw tako wasabi was a bit weird!Go here
4	If you craving Hawaiian food this is the place to come..plus you can grab poke too! Cheeeee!
5	We came here on a Monday evening and ordered 2 dinner AYCE for $67 ($27 each for adult)- We had to wait about 10min for them to have a table ready for us. I was surprised to see how busy it was, being it was a Monday. Then again, they did have Monday night football on. - Our orders came quickly. First with the appetizers. The sashimi salad is definitely a must try. Lots of flavor and sashimi pieces. - There are certain items that you can only get once, so we got the soft shell crab. The soft shell crab was actually pretty big compared to other AYCEs around the area. Although, in the Sacramento area, there is no limit to soft shell crab. Nonetheless, it was great! - The salmon skin roll is always on the top of my list when it comes to getting sushi. More salmon skin than actual pieces of salmon which was good, and not too oily. - The dynamite wasn't the best I've had. Inaka tasted a bit better. - The nigiri pieces were solid. Hamachi, salmon, sweet shrimp always rank. - Out of the special rolls we got, I do regret getting the lava lover roll bc it a too mushy. The salmon lover was a hit. And the surf and turf was alright. Turf tasted like L&L bbq. - Hamachi kama tasted like others. No bone. good. - Service was quick and friendly. Bathrooms were clean. - Best AYCE sushi buffet in the area. The change changer was their desserts! Tempura ice cream FTW. Fried banana! YUM!
5	First time eating sushi here! Delicious plus it was happy hour! Cannot beat that! Loved the crunch roll and the black widow. I should have ordered some poke and their amazing spicy garlic edamame! But I was too stuffed off the sushi!The staff is always pleasant and quick! This is our new sushi and poke spot! Num num num
5	Food was amazing!  Atmosphere was amazing!  Staff was amazing!  Happy hour pricing was amazing!  Thanks so much guys, will be back next week! :-)
2	A large group of friends went there on Tuesday (1/2 $ off rolls). This place offers a Hawaiian take on Sushi. The wait staff seemed to be preoccupied.The place was not packed but they had a a good amount of people. However, the orders came out slow. One person received their food and 10 minutes later another person received theirs. Does the staff not know that we need small dishes for soy sauce? Do they need to be asked to bring some ginger and wasabi? Hello, it is a sushi place and we are all ordering sushi.So, the sushi was ok. Its not great and not bad.Because we had a large group, we were charged 18% gratuity. The charge was on the pre-discounted amount plus tax. So, we really paid 29%. This might be the new norm but I think it is wrong.The service was sub-par at best. It was hard to get the wait persons attention.I know they have a hard job and I am sure they are nice people.
1	Don't believe the hype! This place is as average as they come.We came in with a large group. Service was super crappy & the pregnant girl ( being me ) ordered 4 rolls and never got any of it.One of my cousins paid $27 all you can eat sushi she only received kapa roll seaweed salad and miso soup . Only thing that was good was the mochi ice cream packaged most likely. I will take my ass back to the bay and get some real sushi
4	Tried this place for the 1st time today! We ordered 2 rolls a la carte and some plates! The 2 rolls came out very fast and were very good! My dad received his garlic shrimp plate shortly after, he was pretty much done with his plate before my mom and I received our plates (about 20 mins) apparently there was a mix up in our order not a huge deal cause we were still full from the rolls. Our waiter (mack) was kind enough to give us dessert on him for the inconvenience which was really nice of his!  He was a great server all in all and checked up on us very often! If it wasn't for Mack being a great waiter we probably wouldn't have a huge interest in coming back but his friendliness is what will draw us back in! Thanks Mack!!
4	Their all you can eat sushi is the best.  Great local sushi.  Great service.  Great price!
3	This place is pretty good, but I have my favorite sushi spot so its always hard to compare. It takes a few visits to a sushi place to know what you will like. But I took advantage of the great check in deal they had, all you can drink sake yummmm
3	Kinda bummed on this. I have been eating here on the grill side of the restaurant for years (has a sushi side) . My dish of choice was garlic shrimp but for those that have had it in Hawaii where it is prepared out of the shell, they don't do that here. Its in the shell so had to scratch that. Moved to garlic chicken and for years. Spot on. Lately it has been served kinda cold. I'm stumped how chicken that is fried can be cold but yet cooked thoroughly.  I will say I continue to come here and when its on ... Its on and even off its still good. Great people ... Both staff and patrons. Check it out ... Maybe it's just me.
3	Jeah
4	a hole in the wall to be sure but the poke bowl was super delicious! lots of poke for $10. we also had the bento with mochiko (sweet rice flour) battered fried chicken and the ahi, with rice and noodles. the ahi was so-so but the chicken was good. the sweetness was unique but i'd probably try garlic next time. a lot of food for $8 and change. definitely stays on my list to try again.
5	This place is great!!! Their chilli garlic enamame is delicious!!! Their rolls are fantastic. The Town and country roll is huge!, so be ready to pig out!! First time customer, and can't wait to come back!!
4	Malasadas are Ono, garlic chicken and mochiko chicken are good! Love the island special roll. Service sucks.
4	Surprisingly fresh and delicious!  Who knew you could get good, fresh sushi in Henderson?  They have an all-you-can eat selection for only $27.  We left happy, full and content.  Will definitely be going back for more.
5	customer service - GREAT! HELPFUL! FRIENDLY!Prices- best during happy hour -- HALF OFF ROLLS! Food - very yummy. Being from San Jose, CA, it's hard to find good poke outside of the islands. Island sushi brought it! Thanks.I think Monday through Wednesday is happy hour all day which means their sushi rolls are half off. I have become a regular so partner and i tried their all you can eat lunch for 21.95 and tasted (and finished) 6 different rolls and our favorites are: Mauna Kana, Island Special, and the Croc! Unagi on the Croc is crispy... MMMMM!!Ahi poke bedded on seaweed salad is delicious but at times can be too chewy (possibly not cut correctly?).Salmon sashimi orgasm is pretty good too. The mussels have too much mayo on it and was too chewy. kinda felt light headed after from that. I honestly have never ate at a sushi testaurant that cut the salmon so lean. Now for the dessert...Malassadas with vanilla ice cream drizzled with guava sauce and cinnamin crisps was ok but I wouldnt order it again. The ice cream banana tempura smothered in chocolate was better. If you check in on yelp the Plum bottle of wine was half off. My partner liked it but I personally am not fond of Plum wine.
3	Yes, that's my photo on the front page of this restaurant.Yes, you're welcome for making you hungry.Now, it's just ok. Quality has shifted to the wayside just a bit, but the volume of sushi you get could make up for it.
4	Service was great. They always came back to check up on how we were doing and to clear away empty plates. Fish was fresh. We will be back again.
2	Good Food, ok quality Fish, Atmosphere could use some help and they need to clean the establishment better. There was food and sticky things in the menus the table was not that clean. which I found questionable. The  worse part is that they load their sushi with rice I assume to fill you up because the place is ayce. Clean the place up and cut down on the fillers and I would give it 3  or 4 stars, but for now its 2
5	If i am in a roll mood, I go to Island Sushi hands down.  This was one of the first sushi places I ever went to and it has spoiled me to any other restaurant.   Island Sushi sets the bar for ayce sushi and each roll is so good.  They also have unique appetizers that are not in any other sushi place.  The customer service is awesome, and the environment is very comfortable.
4	My favorite place to go in Vegas for all you can eat sushi.  I always bring family and friends here because the prices are reasonable, the quality is better than you get from the buffets and some of the other places here in Vegas, and it's close to home.  Once you get to know the staff they are really great and they are always super nice to my daughter which I appreciate.  The atmosphere is very casual here which makes it prefect for socializing or spending time with friends/family.  The only thing that i would recommend is to order 2 rolls or multiple pieces at a time.  When they're busy it can take a bit longer to get these and so doubling up works great.  Just be sure that you can finish what they bring out or you'll have to pay for them (I don't mind this b/c wasting this yumyum would be a shame).
3	Il give three star! Definitely coming back here... $21.95 buffet sushi and etc..staff friendly great food...
4	First time visit, AYCE for two.  Server was very friendly & food was pretty good.  Atmosphere was ok, but not date-worthy (down home, mom and pop vibe).  All around excellent value, with excellent service.  Will be back!
4	We come here often and really like this place. They make some creative and delicious rolls. We recommend sitting at the bar, the sushi chefs always take great care of us. I like the all you can eat and the combo plates. Make sure to try the mochi for dessert and their selection of Japanese wines.
1	I order delivery. placed my order a little more than 2 hrs ahead. my order was 35 minutes late, food mas cold. my chicken looked like it was last night left over and it was  put back into the oil to warm it up. on the ordering website it say coke bottle and they brought be a fountain cola. Online when you pay it gives you the option to add a tip this doesn't show on the receipt and then the driver it standing there just looking like really no tip.. Makes me wonder if they even see that money.
5	I love this restaurant!! I was so excited to see that you now can order online and have it delivered. If only every restaurant did that. Way to adhere to customer needs!! Food is always hot and delicious!
5	I absolutely love Island Sushi for their garlic chicken, fried noodles, spam katsu musubi (it's so.... ono! Katsu breading around the spam!), creme puffs, malasadas, and the list goes on and on and on. I moved away from Hawaii 6 years ago so this is a great place to eat in between my trips back home. I would come here more often if I didn't live on the opposite side of town. :) I normally just order to go but I've been here once for AYCE and that was pretty good. They also added the option to order online too! It's great because you can specify whether or not you want mac salad, all rice, etc. Then you can specify the time you want the pick up and you can also pay online. So easy!All I have to say now is, get over here and try it. Even if you are not from Hawaii, you will love the food! Don't be afraid to try anything and everything! Island Sushi - Thank you for always providing great food and excellent customer service!
2	Went here for lunch....sat at the bar with my husband and ordered sushi for me and Hawaiian breakfast for him.  From a very rude service,  we felt unwelcome and almost as if we were bothering the waitress, to very very chewy seaweed,  (low quality ingredients and supplies) and semi-dirty place. Would not recommend!
4	Been here several times with family and friends, and generally have a great experience.I am a sucker for Dragon Rolls, and the ones here certainly deliver.  Their eel is always top-notch.Their ahi poke is good, and it's nice that it comes with AYCE (one dish).  I'm extremely picky with it comes to poke (my Hawaiian pop makes some that is out of this world), but I would recommend it to others.What gets me right in my sweet spot is their tempura ice cream.  Oh man, is it delicious.  The batter is just the right amount of sweetness, density and melt-in-your-mouth flavor that can make you want to eat 6 bowls of it.Service can be hit or miss, sometimes slow and sometimes not.  Food is consistently tasty though, so I'll lean towards a 4/5 on this one.
2	K, so dis status goin be all da kine cuz apparently das da only way dis place going listen to you.  Da firs time I came hea I was all stoked cuz da peepo on da bento/poke side when sound like me and was brown like me!  Since I when leave da 8o8 I been real homesick.  Brah, I was so happy I when find dis place!  Dey when rep aloha and I couldn't wait for go back.And deeen I went back.  Except dis time we went da sushi side.  Aye lawd, these chicks lucky my potagee maddah nevah come wit me cuz she woulda had one field day wit da pilau customer service.  We did da all you can eat sushi, but first da wahine when embarrass us, announcing to da whole place dat we when order choke food.  Den da rest of our visit, she when fly da plates at us and  den grab da empty ones off our table without sayin one word!  She nevah ask us if we like order more, she never ask us if we like more watah, nevah ask us if we like napkin, nothin!  She when drop/grab da plates den run away!  Da two wahines workin dat night only when cater to da peepo reppin da 808 shirts or all moked out.  Real unreal, i trip.As fo da grindz, was okay.  Get fat pieces in da rolls, and da soups is winnahz.  But if you like drink watah, bettah wear your aloha shirt or else nevah mine!IN OTHER WORDS:  The customer service on the sushi side sucked.  If you want good customer service, you better wear an HI/AlohaArmy or a tribal print shirt.  Where the food lacked in quality, they made up for it in quantity (the rolls are pretty large).  I recommend the the miso and udon, they're pretty good.  Their desserts are cute and tasty, wish I got to try the malasadas!
4	I love this place the cafe/grill side of the restaurant is awsome Poke is always good and  affordable my family ordered delivery a few times it was not consistent but when they did something wrong we got some good deserts in return :) dining in is also a different experience the servers are very nice and the food is good my husband checked in on Yelp and we got all you can drink sake for $8 overall a nice place have nothing bad to say great experiences :)
5	For someone that does not like raw fish or anything too authentic like my husband (he's a regular sushi eater!) Island sushi is amazing! My husband can enjoy the "authentic" sushi while I enjoy they're amazing shrimp and garlic chicken! Definitely give them a try even if your not into sushi. They have other amazing things to offer & I love them for that! Oh and they're desserts are so so yummy
5	I was born and raised in Hawaii and grew up eating poke-EVERYTHING. Then I moved to California and had been living for 4 years with out it. Now I'm living in Vegas and stumbled upon island sushi for some sushi, great sushi btw also, BUT then I saw the menu and they had Poke! After 4 years I've been reunited and I must say taste just like home!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE the spicy combo with my brown rice, SO ONO!!! Feelin back to my roots!
5	Stopped in for breakfast today and I had the Hawaiian French Toast. Delicious.  My man had the roast pork mini plate and it was very good as well.  Poke Express opened at 9AM and we finished our meal with some great ahi poke.
1	HORRIBLE service. Staff not very friendly and do not look happy at all. Do not go right after lunch. Maybe the dinner staff will be better. Great food though.
5	I was introduce to this place a few weeks ago and I have to say this place is awesome!!
5	Best place ever for ahi poke and sushi among other things! Like the all you can eat for $25! Garlic chicken and beef teriyaki are the best ever! We take our fam and friends from out of town there always! Definitely give it 2 thumbs up for the food, desserts and definitely the best customer service! One thing I suggest is calling and making reservations cuz they are busy!
5	I always overdo it at this place and it's worth it every time.  If you love good Hawaii-style sushi and eats, this is the place to go. The specialty rolls are big enough to share, but you won't want to because they are THAT GOOD!!!  Come during happy hour and eat your weight in deliciousness.....
5	My favorite sushi place! They are so welcoming and delicious! My favorite rolls are the island and the big island! Plus poke express is inside of here! :)
3	I don't want to be a "sushi snob", buuuut....This place was definitely subpar compared to some spots I have been. I actually picked this place to have lunch because of the other good Yelp ratings-- I don't see what all the hype is about. Sat at the bar, chef & servers were really nice & helpful, but felt like the rolls were made very sloppy (if that makes sense). Atmosphere is really BLAH. Barely any differences between the rolls. Absolutely nothing special, about the rolls or this place; in general...
5	Highly recommend the bento boxes! The mochiko chicken is bomb!!! Spicy tuna bowl is delicious too!! And if you are a fan of natto you can get that here too!!!
5	Had a craving for some serious comfort food after a stressful week at work, which in my case means hawaiian grinds and sushi. Island sushi has amazing choices from both worlds, so I couldn't have been more excited... Except when the website said they DELIVER! What in the world, I don't even have to get off my exhausted okole to get Kalua Pig & Cabbage, Spam Musubi, an Ahi Poke Roll, and some crazy LEGIT Oxtail Soup? The heavens opened up on my front door when the delivery driver showed up twenty minutes early from the quoted delivery time with some of the most incredible comfort food I've ever dreamt of eating from my couch. Thumbs (and pinky) way up Island Sushi. Thank you for making my Friday night a relaxing and delicious one.
5	Have been to Island so many times. They have wonderful service and the guys at the Bar are really accommodating.   Very Fresh Sushi,  I eat here a lot !
5	Good Japanese food teisoku box are good combos and if your in the mood for all you can eat sushi this is the place to grind!
4	Sushi was good and beers are always cold.  Sat at the Sushi bar for a afternoon break from the norm.  The lunch specails are good pricing and the sake made it a perfect.  Tried some new flavored sake which was prety tasty.  Food quality was good, the scene was freindly and staff was more then willing to help out and get refills.  I will be back and will bring some more people with me. will
1	Really bad service. We ordered about 5 rolls with the AYCE. Waited . Waited. Waited. We ordeder an extra baked roll. We got the baked roll a few minutes later. Our waiter disappeared and never came back.I asked another me employee what happened. She said we only order one roll. Then we argued with her and finally got out rolls about an hour after we order them. The baked roll was rushed and under cooked. We really weren't hungry by the time we got our food. Really bad experience. I will not come back.
4	I come here for lunch usually..Roast pork with GravySpicy Tuna BowlSalmon Skin Bowl Bento Box with Garlic Chicken...are my go-tos. The minus one star is that it usually takes a good 15 minutes for things and there is only one cashier running the spot on its own. Other than that never had a bad experience.
5	Love the food and the employees. We come in once a month and get to enjoy some great island food and sushi. The prices are awesome and the staff make it a point to get to know you. Our 12 year old actually put island sushi on his Christmas wishlist. LOL we normally come in for lunch or dinner but had the pleasure to grab breakfast to go one day. The breakfast was awesome. worth stopping in and enjoying. Mon-wed is 50% sushi dine in only. I know they have other deals to check out their site.
5	The best place for hawaiian food in Vegas!! They are always consistent with the flavors! You can also get your poke fix here too!! The roast pork and garlic chicken combo will satisfy your sweet and savory cravings!!
2	It was our first time here today and we've heard that it's one of the best -- service was below average - our server is not friendly at all and is not very attentive. we had AYCE and ordered 6 long rolls and some nigirl.ordered hot tea and took our server 10 minutes each time she had to refill our tea. she passed back and forth and once checked if we wanted to order more and if there's anything else we wanted.sushi was room temperature and is not the freshest. at almost $30/head for dinner sushi -- we were expecting more both from the service given to us to the quality of food being served.unfortunately, this will be the first and last visit we'll have at this joint,
5	My favorite all you can eat sushi joint.  The staff is great and they are family friendly. I love all the spicy rolls.  If I didn't have such an Army to feed (they eat like one too) I'd be here all the time!
5	Went in for all you can eat sushi. Greeted with a kind smile and sat right away. Out busser was definitely having a bad day. She was short with us, no smile, and Just unhelpful if were had a question.  Our server made up for it completely so that's why We gave the five stars.  he was very busy and still checked on us and gave us great service!  he even gave us a little freebie fresh food and great servers. Nom nom nom
4	First time visit on May 9th. The place was packed-shouldn't have visited on a Friday night but I was craving some sushi.SERVICEWe had a server named Marc who was just awesome! He was attentive and after telling him that it was our first time there, he ordered some of the most popular appetizers and rolls for us to try. They were all terrific!FOODWhile our server was super amazing, kitchen people were super slow. We waited over 30 minutes for our sushi. Yes I understand the place was packed but I've never waited that long at a sushi place. I was surprised to see that for AYCE, you only get 90 minutes limit. LOL are you kidding me. Half the time is spent waiting for food. Anyways, appetizers were good but sushi was ok. Some of my favorites were:-Poke Roll-Garlic chicken (must try)-Salad (pieces of tuna and salmon in it. It was delicious!)-Joe's specialI felt like some of the sushi weren't that fresh. Having raised in Japan, I've had some good sushi and know what fresh sushi taste like-this wasn't it.CONCLUSIONNot the best but not the worst either. If you are not willing to wait 30 minutes for some sushi, I suggest Makinos for no wait & fresh sushi!
5	Went there for out second time. Great service, smiles, and delish sake. We went during happy our and got too much food for two people and dessert.  Only 25$! You'll leave happy and full here!
4	Best bang for your buck sushi I have found yet in Vegas. Happy hour Monday through Wednesday all day long. Most rolls are around 6 bucks.  We love the crunch roll, the 007 and the rainbow roll.  Friends tell me there poke bowls are super good too!  Sitting area is pretty small so it's frequently a short wait to get in.
5	Awesome everything.  Best poke outside of Hawaii.  Good portions.  Malasadas are a must-get every time.  Friendly and accommodating staff.  The seating is a bit confusing, but they will help you figure it out.
4	I like going back to Island Sushi and Grill occasionally. It may be a little bit on the pricey side for a casual restaurant, but it's still pretty good all the same! The restaurant is split into two sections: the grill side - which serves casual meals - and the actual sushi restaurant. Their poke orders in the grill side are always fresh, and my favorite food to get from there is the spicy tuna bowl! As for the sushi restaurant, the AYCE may be a bit pricey, but everything - and I mean EVERYTHING - on the menu is included in it. My favorite appetizer from there is the fried oysters. If you're sitting at the bar, one of the chefs may make a surprise dish for you, if you're lucky. Rolls are either hit or miss - they may be some "interesting" sushi rolls, but the rolls that are hits are very tasty! Customer service is also very good. I've been there in large groups several times before, and they definitely know how to handle them!
2	So it's been over two years since I tried this place the service has gotten better the takeout food has gotten a little better the sushi was still crap!!The poke was actually edible and it didn't smell like spoiled fish. Wish I could give it better stars but the food is still marginal at best.
5	Great place for all you can eat sushi. The fish is always fresh and yummy, many good selection choices for the value you spend here.You can order boxed Japanese style with one up to three choices .Miso soup comes with your meal. This is a small place so if they are busy you have to wait. Sometimes you'll get lucky and get to sit up at sushi bar and watch them make your sushi rolls.It is a place you'll see a lot of local people from hawaii in here as it is so called the 9th Island for a reason. Just keep the conversation going and hear the pigeon come out in most of the people in the Restruant.  Nothing like good food, mokes, hanging out with friends and family.This is how we normally do it the islands anyways.Enjoy the great sushi and service....... ALOHA! and Mahalos for letting me share.
4	I really like this place..they have a great variety here and when it comes to rolls they do a great job here. One thing that stands out here is that the people that serve you here are really nice and they want their customers to try everything.normally when you go to an AYCE place they rush you and after about three orders they tend to forget about you because they don't want you to order anymore..lol I know maybe I'm paranoid or I eat alot of sushi. Oh the tempura ice cream is awesome and the island special roll is great.my wife loves that they have hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar) which is bomb too.
2	Barely an upgrade from store bought sushi, the restaurant seemed dirty in general. I would never go again or recommend
5	AYCE and other than AYCE food is delicious!!! Once you walk into the doors, the right side of the restaurant is for only AYCE and you have to sign in on a sheet on a podium. The left side of the restaurant is the other food than AYCE. The first counter you'll see is the take out counter and where you can order your food. The other counter across the room, is the Poke Express. You'll find all types of Poke, definitely worth it!! It does get really busy during lunch time, so if you're desperately hungry, try and avoid coming here during lunch hours on a Sunday.
4	I eat here at least once a month because the sushi is pretty good and the rolls aren't covered in sauce like most other sushi places around town. The fish quality is usually pretty good, but it still can be hit and miss (we live in the desert though, so I don't know why people are expecting fresh and not frozen). But, the one thing I dread when I come here is the service. I've never had any issues with the male servers (they're always polite and never have any attitude) but, when I have a female server, it is HORRIBLE. There's been times where I'll be looking at them trying to get their attention and they just stare back doing nothing. You can usually find them by the bar talking to their fellow servers. I really hope the management fixes this issue with their servers because it's the same story every time I go there and I have heard the same from friends and family who go there. If you can deal with the bad service, the food is amazing!
1	So disappointing cause the food is pretty decent but the place and service kills it. You enter from the Hawaiian place to another doorway to the sushi place. Although they claim to be combined restaurants you are not allowed to eat in either one unless you're ordering from there.. even if there's no more room. We were already seated with water and they told us to get up and move.. And there was no people on that side. We ended up leaving.The waiters on the sushi side are not nice at all and can't even accommodate you..On the Hawaiian food side, I always ordering from a particular Asian girl with tats. She just doesn't make you feel welcome and comfortable and it's just seems like you're a hassle when she's taking your order.Me and my friends pledged never to go there mainly because of the service
5	Easily one of my top Sushi Restaurants in the Las Vegas/Henderson Area. The rolls are exceptional. Remember these Rolls.Candy Cane, Meat Lovers Roll. Black Widow, Kilauea.The Meat Lovers Roll is a Carnivores dream made reality. Fish and beef. Beautiful.This place is literally a one stop for all your Hawaiian Food needs. Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Its all here, and its all good. I have love for their Fried Rice Omelet. I believe this is an appropriate time to give it honorable mention, as a delicious yet simple breakfast item. Add an extra egg and you have cheap solid nutrition!
5	Was looking for an AYCE sushi place with a group of friends in the area and found this. Did not disappoint!  At first walking in and you see the counter for all their poke and other hawaiian food, and we were led to go to the sushi area for AYCE. Candy cane roll and Kilauea were the def favorites. A lot of various rolls that are unique to their spot and the service was good and the servers were very nice and attentive to us. We went in the middle of the week so it wasn't crazy busy. Would def go again.
3	I mostly came here for Poke Express. Poke Express is amazing. But as for Island Sushi and Grill...It's okay I guess? I got a kalbi and tonkatsu lunch combo, but compared to Island Specialties downtown, there just wasn't very much for the same price.There's 3 small pieces of kalbi and one medium piece of tonkatsu, plus Mac or tossed salad for $9 something. Overall decent and what I expected, but could have been more.At least service is friendly and they are fast.3.5 stars
2	This was 4th time here and obviously if we come back we like it! But this time... The service was terrible! And everyone knows you go out to eat expecting at least decent service but tonight it was just the opposite. We sat 10 min after we walked in (which is really fast) ordered right away but our rolls took an outrageous amount of time (only 2 rolls) I'm not even going to talk about the waitress and her lack of customer service. I won't include the entire staff in this review the bussers were amazing as always!!! The food was amazing as always, 3 rolls 4 beers and a sake for $50 and the only way they went wrong was the waitress....
1	Thought they had fresh food. I guess not. Don't ever come here! Got a really bad stomach ache from eating their food
5	Sat in sushi section , the fish was and various other meats were still fresh and tasted delicious , the sushi maker was very helpful and made great convo , I had the all I can eat , great value bring ur A game to the counter  the more the better , recommend the fried California roll .
4	This is one of the better AYCE sushi places that we have visited.  Great service, and friendly and helpful sushi chefs.  I tried AYCE once here,but  I feel like I am being gluttonous so I prefer to order by the piece and get sashimi as well.  However my friend gets it all the AYCE every time and loves it. Good service, good food, good ambiance (they play Bob Marley!)
5	Love going here! They have the best Poke in town. The staff is always so friendly and welcoming regardless if we're ordering for pick up or if we dine in it's always such a great experience. We've had their ACYEE for lunch and dinner. Either or their well worth it. There's 3 sides to this place you have Poke Express, Dine in area for Sushi and a fast food type of area. Sometimes it gets packed and you run out of seats but other then that there isn't much to complain about. The food comes out in a timely matter, good service, food is great so it gave them 5 stars. Plus they have great Happy Hour offers. It's definitely a place I recommend to try.
4	I love this place. It is always busy. Sushi is fresh and the rice is just enough. So you can eat more sushi. The desserts are well crafted and tastes good too. It's decor is very simple and functional. I like that it is open late too. My favorites  are uni, Hamachi kama, and amaebi. .
1	My family and I eat there at least once or twice a month just to get that at home "Hawaii Nei" vibe. This time I was a bit taken back as there was a hearing impaired homeless woman who wrote a note that stated " please help me I'm hungry, all I need is a bit of food, I'm hearing impaired" I instantly got up off of my table and walked the woman to the front of the cashier and asked her to get the woman what ever she wanted to eat on me. The cashier and another woman paused and then called the cops on the woman. They explained that she has been there before asking for food and sometimes money and then the owner came over and stated that she is not welcome in his restaurant. The cashier proceeded to then help the person behind me and disregarded my request to order and pay for this woman's food. I stood there mostly in shock as I was a paying customer who wanted to show this elderly, hearing impaired woman some ALOHA! I will never take my Ohana there ever again. Sadly there are privileged people in this world who no longer know the meaning of human kindness even when there is a plethora of food amongst them. All she wanted was some food. I'm still smh!
1	ordered some nigiri.  it tasted funny.  I threw it up a few minutes later.  not a pleasant experience.  the fish is definitely not as fresh as other sushi places in vegas.  before I threw up I told my waitress that there was something wrong with the fish and she told me I was going to have to pay extra for uneaten food even though I was paying for all you can eat in the first place.  this only put pressure on me to keep eating the rancid fish.  I felt like I was dealing with a crazy person. the menu is pretty lackluster too.  once you order all you can eat, about 1/3rd the menu becomes off limits (not included in all you can eat) .
4	Me and my boyfriend consider ourselves regulars here. We have our favorite rolls and everything. The Mexican Roll is my favorite and 007 is my boyfriends favorite. They have the best quality for the awesome deal you get. Best advice is to go during happy hour. I would say the ONLY reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the service there isn't the best. They definitely need to work on their customer service. Overall top 3 sushi places we've been too :)
5	I haven't left the restaurant yet but I'm so compelled to write this review. This place is the BOMB!! Food is fresh and delicious and the service is even better. Our server Mac was super efficient, timely, and attentive. I am SO GLAD we came here. We will definitely be back. Everyone needs to give this place a try if you're in the area. Mahalo!!!!
4	Just moved to vegas and we have been trying all the Hawaii flavor eateries.  They have 2 sides to the restaurant the sushi side and then the plate lunch side we did not know that but we were able to order from borh sides in the dining sushi side.  Food was great service great and you can order poi 9 dollars delivery on thursday. Will be back
4	I don't think I ever had a bad meal here. I'm not from Hawaii but my fiance say is and he tells me all the time this place is the  closest to being straight from home. I am obsess with poke and all the different types, so nothing makes me happy then their poke bar. A bit pricey,  but what do you expect when you live in the desert.
5	Really good poke.
1	Ordered a mini chicken Katsu to go and what a disappointment.  It was a mini of a mini plate.  not worth the exuberant price you charge your customers.  better places around town that gives more.
4	Really good place with a local atmosphere. Super comfortable friendly service. A lot to choose from on ayce menu, and everything was right on. The sushi was actually really good, and although there are some straight sushi places with slightly better sushi most of those places don't have the variety that this place has. Delicious ahi poke, and a bunch of sides that I wouldn't normally get at sushi places puts this place over the top. I went with my wife and kids and we just ordered a ton of food. There was nothing that didn't taste good and we didn't feel rushed or like they wanted to present a bunch of "rules" for ayce like other places. I will go back regularly. Awesome find.
5	Island Sushi is one of my family's favorite spots. We go there at least once a week, no fail. The staff is friendly and quick and the food is very good. We like the fact that we can order our son some Hawaiian food while we enjoy our sushi in the sushi dinning area. The fried noodles are a kiddo's favorite! We love this place. Very good for the affordable prices.
5	We had a party of 30 last night and Terence and Stefani planned our dinner perfectly! The quality, presentation and preparation of the food was amazing - seriously the best rolls and bento dishes I've had in a long time! Book your party here - you won't be disappointed.
3	Disappointed that many say this is the best 'Hawaiian' food in the Vegas area. I would say those who feel such way have never been to Hawaii or haven't been back in 20 plus years. The garlic shrimp disappointed all around, it was the type of shrimp you'd find in a lower end Chinese buffet. The spam was dry, yet the rice was perfect. I do commend the staff for showing true Aloha to the customers this gives a great vibe. All in all the dishes are hit or miss but a great poke selection is what will keep me returning. I will never again eat what had this trip.
5	This was the best find in all of Vegas!  We will bring our entire basketball team back for many years. They were accommodating, friendly, fast and super fresh sushi.  Everything about this place is great and I will recommend it to all our friends
4	I've been coming to this place for awhile now and I think it deserves a review . When you walk in there are three different 'stations' I would say . You got poke express which is a company set aside on its own . Then two more sections that is just island sushi . One side is mainly the fast hawaiian food and one that is more sit down with the AYCE sushi option. They've got a happy hour I like to go to every Monday - Wednesday all day that is half off select rolls. I love the surf & turf! I can't not come here without eating it . The food is really yummy , however the real let down is how they lack in service . It is just so-so and sometimes irritating. Whenever I come to the sit down section I can always expect service to be slow and mediocre. Usually it takes a long time for them to refill drinks and take your order, esp if your an AYCE . There not rude or anything there just extremely slow , which is why it didn't get 5 stars. The atmosphere is nice , it clean with two tvs on either side. It also has a sort of mini billboard on at each of the side tables that advertises local businesses . I LOVE the Togo/fast food side of this place. It's so yummy , everything that I've gotten from there . I especially love the bentos , can never go wrong with those. If your looking to buy poke I suggest going to the poke express counter . Tada!
3	Tough one. The sushi is good, the sushi chefs great, but the table staff and service, mostly fair. It used to not always be this way and I find it harder and harder to recommend Island Sushi remembering the years past. I guess not all things improve with age and Island Sushi is such a place at this time. My kids, that have been coming to Island Sushi since age two, now six years later recently asked to start going elsewhere. Kids are honest, is there more that needs to be said.
5	Disclaimer: I am from Hawaii and love "local" (read: non-traditional) sushi!I have only been in Las Vegas for about three months now, but Island Sushi is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE restaurant so far!  I always go for dinner and have never waited longer than ten minutes for two people to be seated without reservations!  However, with a bigger group, reservations are recommended.  I always opt for all-you-can-eat sushi, which is $26.95 for dinner.  It's worth it for me because after you eat a couple of rolls, you end up saving money.  However, I know not everyone has my appetite...What's great about this restaurant is that the sushi is not overloaded with rice, HOWEVER, most orders come with about eight large pieces of sushi.  The value is there because there is a fair amount of filling and toppings, but you may be surprised with the size/amount that comes in one order!  This is the only downside.I typically order: California Deep Fried Roll, Island Special Roll, Poke Roll, Spam Roll, and the Town & Country Roll.  Yes, all at one time.  Yes, I get my money's worth.  Yes, I gain ten pounds immediately and roll myself home.  All of them are fresh, delicious, and feature a wonderful array of flavors that complement each other perfectly (e.g. sweet, spicy, salty - yum).Beware that they do charge $2 per piece that you do not finish.  The strategy I found to have worked best is to order everything you think you want to eat at once.  If you wait to think about it, there could be a delay in your order, and once that food begins to settle... defeat is inevitable.  If I order the aforementioned all at once (read: 40 large pieces of sushi), I am able to finish it once I get on a roll (pun intended).  Also, remember to follow-up on your rolls!  Once they didn't bring a roll that I forgot about until the end, and I was so overwhelmed.As for dessert, I always have the 808 Special!   I just love tempura banana - something I have never had before!  My friend had the tempura ice cream, but we both agreed it wasn't as flavorful.If you're looking for a Hawaii-feel, the ambiance is great! I believe they play KWXX radio (read: Hawaiian/local music), and everyone is extremely friendly.  I know there's a take-out portion of this restaurant as well with plate lunches, poke bowls, and the like, but I have not tried that yet.  YOU NEED TO GO HERE!
4	Got an avocado poke bowl from here and it was fantastic!!! It just took a long time to get my food.
4	Good sushi, will return. Service alittle slow. All you can eat menu could have been larger.We went in wanting all u can eat. Picked Island due to reviews on yelp.
1	My first time walking in the door, I thought this is the place my husband brought me to? A hole in the wall? Really.  We got seated after 5 minutes of standing there, to the right through the shower curtain doors there was a hole in the wall sit down area. The little plates that they put on the table are cute but the little bowl for the soy sauce isn't even big enough to dip a piece of sushi.  Then when you finally figure it out the soy sauce didn't even taste like soy sauce. So I asked for kikkoman soy sauce and three different waitresses passed us by never bringing the kikkoman. We had to ask 3 different waitresses to finally get the soy sauce. So I sat and watched our waitress flirt and laugh with the other table as I was patiently waiting to get some soy sauce to eat my sushi. Wow. To top it off she left a table of 5 people (us) with a tiny dish of ginger and wasabi.... not nearly enough. When we were ready to leave we had to ask for our check and Togo box and wait... All the while another waitress acknowledges us and tells us that if we want to take our 8 pieces of sushi that we had left she was going to charge us full price (we came during happy hour). Wow. Never again, I'll take my business elsewhere, thanks but no thanks.... it didn't even taste all that great. I would rather drive 10 minutes to Samurai sushi, for half price all day long, then ever step foot in that hell hole again.
5	The best type of restaurant is where they know your order before you even order. The sushi chefs juan and chuie are awesome and always makes our sushi quick and yummy. My favorite nigiri's are seared garlic salmon, crispy unagi and scallop mayo. Some rolls worth trying is the makaha, maui wow wee and joes special. My favorite part about this ayce is their appetizers. Dishes ranging from baked mussels to kalbi and hamachi kama are all so yummy. If you become a regular make sure you enroll in their loyalty program. They give your points for every dollar you spend and if when spend $250 you get a $25 credit.
5	We live nearby and always get the garlic chicken plate, kal bi plate, kim chee fried rice, Da Hawaiian breakfast plate, or the breakfast sandwich w/portuguese sausage.  DA BEST ONO KINE GRINDS :)  Can't wait to try their AYCE sushi one of these days!
5	So ono!  We live in Texas so we had to load up on all our favorites!  Super flavorful, authentic,  friendly and helpful staff.  Be sure to hit the poke bar, and take some musubi and malasadas to go after you fill up.
5	Hands down best sushi in town.  Their local Hawaiian food is also amazing.  And don't get me started on desserts.  The butter mochi and chocolate malasadas are to DIE for.  The AYCE sushi is the way that most people go but I never have enough of an appetite so on Mon-Wed I come for the 50% off rolls deal that they offer to locals.  It's a steal and is usually a better deal for someone like me who only gets 2-3 rolls max.  Only beef is that they don't do half rolls, which a lot of AYCE places will do to allow you to try more options.  I highly recommend the kahuku roll (topped with orgasm sauce) and the town and country roll (cali roll with garlic chicken on top).  I also love the lava lover for something spicy.What I like most is that they don't skimp on fish quality and they don't pile on the rice, even when we do the AYCE.  Plus they have the most extensive AYCE menu out there to include all of their amazing side items--poke, cucumber salad, teri chicken, etc.If you happen to be in the area on a Sunday and want a great brunch, head to Island Sushi.  They have all you can eat AND all you can drink mimosas.  Just get there early, there's almost always a wait from the time they open until the end of brunch.
2	I hope that anyone that reads my Yelps realizes that I usually review places that have rubbed me the wrong way. (Unless they rub me in a really good way and I've thoroughly enjoyed it.) First off, this place is the pits. I've been coming here for a while now, and I've experienced quality degrade. The more I come, the less I want to be here. Today is the final nail in the coffin. What a long wait time to even order food! I was in line for a good 7 minutes before I was given attention to place an order. Prices are outrageous! For what I got, I would have preferred any other Hawaiian restaurant that's more filling and has better quality.I got the garlic chicken and chicken katsu combo. My mom got a saimin. So what's easier? Two pieces of different styles of chicken and frying it, or putting noodles, some toppings in a bowl with broth? You tell me...I got mine in 7 minutes after ordering and was told the saimin will be right out. Great! Then, we waited 7/8 more minutes before requesting a refund. I don't like eating in front of other people, and I don't like waiting so long for something so easy. From the time we ordered to the time I requested a refund... 30 minutes. There was a little wait to ask for a refund. Maybe I was a little impatient, but don't bring out other people's order when a part of a party has already received their food and the rest haven't. Don't forget to season your customers' food. We ended up going to Aloha Kitchen on Sunset road and it was only 7 minutes from the time we ordered for it to be bagged ready to go. And they were equally as busy as this failure.The saving grace which allows for two really generous stars are for their malasadas and their poke. Besides that, you have plenty of Hawaiian favorites to choose from, don't go here if you want to wait and want to eat tasteless food.
5	Food is very good, happy hour every day, half price !! :-) :-),, Sunday brunch with mimosas,specail pricing,, it's really great and you should check it out not only for the delicious food but always great specials
5	My son just love this place. We are celebrating his Birthday today. And the saketini Yelp promo put it over the top!!
5	Slow service if you sit at a table (because it's ALWAYS packed) but the food more then makes up for the wait. Happy Hour is all day Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday and it's 1/2 price rolls. Yum!! It's delicious and fresh and awesome. Just saying.
5	Love it!!!  Local girls at the counter are sweet, but be on your toes! Feisty. Killer poke, great garlic chicken.. Mmmm
1	I am soooo disappointed! I'm not going to lie the food is really good but the service we received from Stephanie tonight was completely out of line. It sucks that although the food was good I still leave a negative review but honestly I will not be back just because if the service me and my party received.We had a party of 15 and most if us got the all you can eat sushi. We didn't even receive 1/3 of the sushi we ordered because she kept giving our rolls to other people in our party even though me and my wife were on a separate tab. She didn't offer us out desert and just asked us if we wanted the bill at the end- we felt like we were being rushed! On top of all that she over charged us on our drinks and I when I tried explaining it to her she ignored me and started talking to another person in our party WHILE I WAS STILL TALKING. She rudely said "fine I'll take it off the bill". Are you serious!?!? Wth is that? After she had someone else drop of the revised bill she NEVER came back to pick it up! Our entire party of 15 left because we were waiting so long and me and my wife ended up waiting by our selves until we finally decided to walk up to the cash resister and asked if someone could ring us up. Stephanie should NOT be working in a place where she has to be polite to paying customers or any service oriented job because it is not her cup of tea.. I will not be back here ever again!
5	FAVE PLACE TO EAT!!! all you can eat and half off rolls? yes please. and for such a reasonable price too!  lets not get started on happy hour as well. this place is my go to for my random sushi cravings that I get every single day. and so close to home. everyone is extremely nice and attentive. it's like being around family whenever I come in. SUNDAY brunch all you can eat is my parents fav thing to do after church. best part of my sunday funday? ALL YOU CAN DRINK MIMOSAS !! I always love this place. the people that work there. and the food is amazing. I always come back with someone new and family members that love it. seriously. how can you not love this place? think i'm going tonight. ;)
2	I remember when this place used to be my favorite sushi restaurant in town, Koto. I've given this place a few tries. The food has improved but the service has not. AYCE susi with a taste of Hawaii. Hawaiians are known for being laidback and friendly. There were plenty of empty tables when we got there yet, we had to wait for a table. Really? We placed out order. Some items took forever but some we never got. I guess our previous server was finishing up his shift but didn't notify us. We tried a few nigiri, rolls, teri beef sliders, garlic edamame, ahi poke, salmon katsu and malassadas. We didn't order that much but we spent 2 hours total here.Lunch AYCE is from 11:30am-4pm for $21.95 and dinner AYCE is from 4pm-close for $26.95. There are certain items that are only available for dinner, limit 1/person, 2 desserts/person and there's a 90-minute limitfor AYCE. With service slower than molasses, you'll easily go over 90 minutes! The food was good but the service really turned us off. My boyfriend is very calm and laidback and for him to even say something about the service says a lot. The female server was borderline rude. No smile on her face, no nothing. The servers don't even look up to see if anyone in the restaurant needs something. They walk around with their head down or pretending to be busy. 3 servers and 5 tables, c'mon!
3	Absolutely love the sushi, but the service is NOT the best.  5 stars for the food, 1 stars for service.
4	Our first AYCU Jap sushi/grill in our neighborhood after we moved in the area.  The restaurant itself is a little bit too causal, the decor looks like cafeteria, i think which is good for friends & family, but please, please dont take your date there lol.  We sat at the bar, ordering the dinner AYCU during lunch hours because for my love, such as sweet shrimps, uni, sashimi salad, other appetizers that we interested belongs to the dinner AYCU category.  Food is good fish is fresh, still worth the money.  I believe they have happy hour all day, which is $8 pp all you can drink either beer or hot sake.  Awesome deal right! And great people working there! They are very helpful, teamwork, good vibes!
2	There is alot going on here, so I can't give a grade for everything, but the lunch I took out recently was pretty poor. Chicken Katsu Curry, was a mess. The rice was improperly cooked, lumpy and overcooked. The curry was bland and only onion, undercooked carrots and no potato. Thoughtful in the way they put the Macaroni salad in a seperate container so it won't get hot, BUT stale, probably a few days old MAC salad?! I never throw away macaroni, but this time it was a no go. Good friendly service, poor to go food quality. Makes me want to go back to Ted's Bakery in Oahu, they are the BEST!-----------------------------I was in on Sept 24th around lunchtime, not sure why you ask when I was in there. If you have good cooks and bad cooks, you should know.Maybe the menu has too much variety to keep fresh? Simple items like Macaroni salad should be rotated to keep a fresh product.I've had food through here for years and it used to be much better. No complaints about Poke Express, they are ONO!It's a gamble going to Aloha grill or the sushi place, sometimes good, sometimes bad. How can you go to a place where it goes both ways?I sent you a message on the website.
5	The all you can eat lunch is a great deal and the food was bomb!  Some of my co-patrons in my party were not impressed when we first entered, but were believers once they tasted the food.  Got two men to admit they were wrong!  That's how good this place is!
1	Not sure on where to start. Had ayce on 10/14/14. Haven't been here in a while because I've gone to other places, and now I remembered why I stopped coming in the first place. 1) no customer service? I will not put our first server on blast but our second server made up for it, she was ok. 2) we were seated aprox 20mins before a party that came in and ordered waaay before them and guess what, their sushi came out 15mins before ours. Pls tell me what's wrong with this picture? Probably because I don't have the scooops with the peeps at island sushi. 3) they weren't even busy when we went but service was slow and unacceptable. 4) I have notice their quality in their tuna and it's something I don't recommend. Overall, unless you know the people at ISG, great! You'll have better service than the people that don't know anyone there but still tries to give them the business they do not deserve. I guess I'll never come back, not even to their grill side. Oh wells....
4	Breakfast is good here if your craving for Hawaiian local food. The kimchee fried rice, local moco with kimchee fried rice and bacon; eggs and rice is a good portion.
5	Just ate thier agian they slacked for a minute but are back on top. Try the salmon lover and candy cane roll. Tell them RN Sent you. Great food.
4	This is as close to Hawaii as I'm gonna get.  I hate to say it but it's even betta than Cali (and I live in an area that's Hawaiian friendly).  The Ahi poke bowl is just the right mix of spices and shoyu.  They also have a wide variety of flavors line wasabi ahi, furikake ahi poke, spicy avocado poke, salmon poke and even kimchee raw crab!  I also had the salmon skin bowl and that did not disappoint.  The salmon skin was crispy and just the right amount of saltiness.  Most salmon skin I've had were rubbery and hard to chew.  Lastly the malasadas are right on point.  I love haupia and they can fill the malasadas with vanilla chocolate and haupia filling.  Almost as good as Leonard's.  So if you have a craving for island eats, this won't disappoint!
5	bom.com! Iv never been so happy to find a place here in vegas that knows how to cook delicious hawaiian food! Poki is out of this world and they also have the malasadas!!! Anyways i give this place 5 stars for sure!
2	I have been going to this location ever since it opened, food and prices are great until yesterday!! My family and I went to island sushi for lunch as always the food was delicious but our server was horrible,  she had an attitude with us from the start no customer service what so ever... As we were done with our lunch she came back with our check which was on the same bill, we asked her before we even started if we could have separate checks which she said ok.. we asked her again for separate checks so she went to the back to separate them.. my sister in-law overheared our server and the manager talking in the back about our checks, the manager which then said in a very loud and rude way "well they should have sat on separate tables if they wanted separate checks"... With that being said the manager which was a Japanese female came out towards our table and said "before you start talking let me say what I have to say first"... really?!! My sister-inlaw told her finally that she just wanted to pay her bill and leave then the manager said all the way across the restaurant "yes you will pay your bill and never come back" this was in front on everyone that was in the restaurant!! The bill was separated into 4 checks there was 6 of us, gratuity was places on all checks which was 10.00 so our bad server would have gotten 40.00 from us.. yeah right!! I would suggest to upper management that they train this particular servers and so called manager how to do their job right!! Again I have been going here for years and love the food but this experience has turned me away for a very long time.... gonna try island flavor heared they have better food and great customer service. ....
5	We always do the sushi and plate lunch special.  If you're looking for the best Hawaiian-style sushi and plate lunch around, this is it. We never miss this when we're in Las Vegas.
5	We came with a group and there were at least 20 of us. I asked about a specific roll because I am allergic to shrimp and crab. Not only did she double check, she would warn me each time she place a dish down that had either shrimp or crab. With so many people ordering, that was really going above and beyond. The food quality is very good. I was a little nervous going into an AYCE but it was really fresh. Everyone was happy with the food.There was not a bad dish on the table. I will definitely be back on my next visit to Las Vegas. Thank you Island Sushi and Grill!
4	We love the plum sakatini. So yummy. Their rolls never disappoint me. Our order gets to us in a timely manner and we the service is usually great.
1	Island sushi grill sucks!  They have totally gone downhill this year.  I used to be a big fan of this place, but recently they have just been dissapointing.  Dine in-They burn the food, let alone takes forever for them to cook your food.  They never have malasadas.  They dont get your order right.  They forget simple items that come with your plate.  Pre-order/pick up-They dont tell you that there is certain items are out and they cant make what you ordered till you get there to pick up your food but they try to charge you for it.  Heres a thought call the person back to let them know, you do ask for a telephone number.  They lost all of their good chefs to other locations.  I've given ip on island sushi, this place is not worth it anymore.
4	Always good food, and customer service is always amazing! Looks like a few new changes are coming along can't wait to see it! Good local spot, everyone in the family loves it!
1	If it was possible to put a negative star rating I would. When dining at island sushi on 11/5 the service was absolutely horrible. Food took forever to get, and when they did bring out my meal (Ox tail soup), the server did not give me any utensils ( and there were no utensils by the soda machine to get on my own). I asked the person at the counter for a to go box and it literally took him 10 mins to give one to me ( and I was standing at the counter the whole time). I understand that they are currently renovating, but that is no excuse for horrible service. I doubt I'll be coming back anytime soon.
5	I've eaten here twice now... Wow! Good food at a great price. Not only all you can eat sushi but Asian/Hawaiian influenced appetizers and sides. FavoritesChicken katsuBaked muscles I love sushi but not all sushi restaurants are created equal.... Island sushi is close to the top of my long list of sushi places that are in the affordable range.Happy hour is good if you want a quick snack and don't want to be paying so much. All you can eat prices (approx.)Lunch---$22Dinner---$26
5	Ahhhh our favorite go to when we just want islander food and sushi,  we are so lucky to have this place in Vegas!!!  We discovered it years ago through friends from Hawaii and still drive all the way across town to come here regularly!! We love the island special,  the mauna kea,  Maui wowie,  the croc is awesome.  We always get the poke,  garlic chicken,  seaweed salad and save room for dessert. We usually come for the Sunday brunch,  they have a special menu in addition to their regular ayce menu and it's only $21.95!!!! I always treat myself to the tempura ice cream,  it's so Ono!!! Love you guys,  don't ever change!!!!!
5	Found this place on yelp while looking for sushi in Vegas...sooooo good! They have all day happy hour on mon-Wednesday which is half off all rolls. They also have a legit all you can eat ($22 for lunch $27 for breakfast), but we chose to go a la carte. We ordered 5 rolls, all delicious: tempura roll, spider roll, tekka maki roll, salmon lover roll, and the poke roll. Final cost was $30 with tax and tip for 2 people and I was surely satisfied. The tuna was realllllyyyyy good and all the tempura was super crispy. Service was also awesome! Can't wait to visit again...probably for AYCE! Only bummer is its way off the strip and probably not worth the trek if you are in a strip hotel.
3	Sushi is OK, the only reason my wife and I have got food from them was cause they delivered. Last night we tried to order delivery, THEY NO LONGER DELIVER. so we probably won't ever have there food again.
4	Solid place to get local Hawaiian food and poke!I've been coming here quite often to get my sweet taste of home here in Henderson and I do approve! I mean nothing beats some of the joints back at home, but this place is great!If you are every craving poke or Hawaiian or local food (yes, there is a difference between Hawaiian and local food), then this is a wonderful spot to go to. I've been to both the plate lunch side and the sushi side and both are great dining options. The sushi side is especially good during happy hour where all of the rolls are 50% off! I believe happy hour is Mon-Wed all day! It's a great deal for delicious sushi. They also have an AYCE option but I've never tried it yet since I usually just go for happy hour!As for the plate lunch side, I've had the bento boxes (which are really filling) and the spicy tuna bowl which I am a fan of, especially the taro chips inside.The poke is also not bad. I really enjoyed the spicy tuna avocado one. The fish was good quality and had a nice texture but I wished there were more fish/avocado and less of the spicy mayo. The parking lot can sometimes get crowded as can the restaurant so try and come early or later in the evening. Also, the sushi side of the restaurant does take reservations so call ahead if you can and know that you have a big party!
3	I was really excited to try the poke here because I had heard such great things about the place. Unfortunately, today the service was REEEEAAAALLLY slow... Even though I called ahead to order pick up 20 minutes before. My food was still not ready after an additional 10 minutes of waiting. Poke was not that great, but it could have been that the steam from the rice started to cook it as I was driving to my destination.
4	Located on the Eastside. Known for the all you can eat sushi, and the all you can drink add on. This place isn't bad, it's no "I love Sushi" but then again, what is? But not bad for a quick casual stop in. The rolls were imaginative. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Quite disappointed, my green beans had worms in them. Customer service was bad, still charge me full price for everything. Nobody even apologized. It was just a plain horrible experience.
4	Sushi is good but overpriced so stick to all you can eat! Also their poke is amazing. Their malassadas are so delicious, especially the custard filled one :3 Only negative is how crowded and small the place is. Kind of confusing when ordering and paying too because they have three different sections you can buy food from. You can get meals to go from the front and the back is where they sell poke, and they have a separate room on the right for dining in.
4	Went here last night for the All You Can Eat (AYCE) sushi dinner and I have to say that this was once of the better places I have been to in terms of the quality of sushi. I'd say probably in the top 3. The dinner is almost $30, but you do get a wider selection of choices known as the "dinner selection items" which are not available during lunch. Also items marked with a hashtag have a one item per person restriction. I got about 25 items and I recommend getting the crunch and black widow roll. The eel, ebi, and salmon nigiri was really good too. The hot lava roll was not good at all because it didn't have much taste besides spiciness and the inside of the roll had a red paste texture. Another highlight was each person gets up to two dessert items which was a first for me at an AYCE sushi. Be sure to try the green tea ice cream (strong green tea taste) and the malasada sundae! Malasada is kinda like a Hawaiian donut that reminds me of a cross between a donut and churro. The tempura ice cream was okay because they only have vanilla ice cream and the fried shell was kinda soggy.Overall, the experience was very nice and I would go back here again. The only downer about this place is the appearance. When you first walk in it looks like a small bakery place with the main dining area on the right side. It has a hole in the wall sort of feel which is okay, but the other AYCE places I have been to have a more classy atmosphere and they even had lower prices haha. Either way the most important thing is the food right? Definitely give this place a try if you are craving sushi with a good selection of appetizers, side dishes, and desserts.
1	I was originally excited to get sushi with my family but experience turned out to be terrible. After placing our order, we waited for almost an hour for my brother-in-law's and my rolls to come out. After seeing other tables get their orders, We asked our waitress where our rolls after bringing out only 1 of the rolls out from the original menu that we marked up. We had our 2nd set of rolls ordered and they did all of the rolls from that order. When we complained about it and asked for just 2 of our meals to be taken off since there were 13 of us there and didn't want to hold us up there, the manager was extremely rude and said that he was a small business, not a hotel. He indicated that all of the rolls were brought out but we never received them and wouldn't hear otherwise.This place is a joke...do not eat here. Their sushi is poorly rolled and their customer service is terrible. If I could, I would put NO STARS for this review. Never coming back here again.
5	What a delightful find off the strip in Las Vegas.  This is a small Hawaiian run sushi joint that offers one of the best all you can eat sushi deals in all of Vegas. I came here for dinner the other night and I was thoroughly impressed with the food and value! There are over 40 items to choose from and all for an affordable 25 bucks. The sushi rolls are made to order and super fresh. He Kalbi short ribs, garlic chicken and gyozas are amazing. Don't forget to order all you can eat dessert as well. My go to is the Malayalam sundae or the tempura fried banana with ice cream. There is an amazing oxtail soup that is separate from the all you can eat menu hat is a must order as well. Come here often with an empty stomach but it won't empty your wallet!
5	I've been here a few times over several years.  It's Hawaiian themed and some of the food has Hawaiian flare.  I go with a group of people and get the All You Can Eat Sushi.  The Ahi Poke is very good.  They have a good variety and the food is real good.  Desert is also included with the AYCE.  The wait can be long and the service is slow since they seem to be on Hawaiian time.
2	Went to eat here with my family which is a big group.  We decided to get separate checks to keep it easier for both the staff and us.   The food came out relatively quickly but we had no way of remembering who ordered what (as is common with big sushi orders).  My end of the table continually received tons of sushi to the point where we asked if it was a mistake.  The server kept saying that this was what we ordered even after suggesting several times that perhaps it was for the other end of our large party who hadn't received most of the sushi they had ordered.  Since there is a time limit and a per piece charge for uneaten sushi we cancelled the remaining order for our end of the table.  Meanwhile, the other end of the table had only received one of the rolls out of the 5-6 they had ordered.  When it was brought to the servers attention, she said that it was coming.....but still didn't put it together that our end of the table had gotten way more than we ordered.  So, long story short, the owner came out and pretty much said "too bad" and that they could order more since it was all you can eat...  We were already past the 90 minute limit and most of the party was done eating.  Reality is that they were just unaccommodating.  The sushi was fine and the price was right...but I felt bad that some of our party left hungry and they still paid the same amount as the rest of us who were full of sushi.
5	This is one of my favorite spots for poke & Hawaiian food. For awhile, I've been looking for taegu that I used to eat as a kid back in Hawaii & this is the only place where I can find it!I've been to the sushi side a few times (serves AYCE & more of a sit in restaurant), but I prefer the grill side (sit in & to go available). Bentos are served just like how you would get them in Hawaii & a pretty packed plate for the price. There's always poke bowls on the specials list, but when Poke Express is open that's where I usually order from. Spicy Ahi (tuna with masago & mayo) is the BEST! & if you're into octopus.. Tako with limu is my recommendation!I probably should've written a review a long time ago, but I guess I was just too busy inhaling all my food. :D
5	Very quick and polite service.
5	This is one of the best sushi place in Vegas. Great happy hour & all you can eat prices. My favorite roll is the Island Special. The Poke is bomb also!
5	Family favorite.. AYCE... all you can eat... we are from hawaii and this reminds of home..
5	4 star food and service is always great so that pushes it to 5 stars for me.  Love their garlic chicken wings, the mount charleston and all you can menu.I've taken different friends and family here and they all love it as well.  Sorry to see the downtown location closed, it's definitely a favorite place of mine to eat!
1	Really bad service. Doesn't see like anyone was trained or knew what was going on. Food was decent. Need a manager badly.
1	Their service is terrible!!!! Here for an hour and our server passed us over and over. Other tables that came in after had their food before my order was even taken. Then all I ordered was sushi and it took another 30 min. This is redicilous!!!!!!! Food is good, but don't come here hungry.
