4	A chain that I must admit is pretty dog gone good.  I like the BBQ turkey burger with the salt and pepper matchstick fries (nothing better than crispy thin fries that are super crunchy!).  The dessert is also ridiculously good and even better when you get a free slice of cake at your b-day lunch!  Due to all the fattening things on the menu that I love so dearly, Claim Jumper gets four stars.
4	Lots of fun and great for large parties (more to come...)
4	You know those people who hate all of the excess of America?  Don't bring them here.  Ya know how some places will give you a sprig of parsley or a twisted orange slice to garnish your plate?  Here they give you a small apple.  Yes, a small apple.  And it looks quite proportionate.  Yikes.This is a great spot to come with friends.  If you have one of those friends who claims they can eat anything and still be hungry - bring them here.  When you walk in it feels like some old lodge with a large stone fireplace and stuffed animals on the wall.  So don't bring your PETA friends here.  No like-y.  Not only is everything ginormous (yes, I spelled it that way on purpose) but it's actually pretty darn good. This isn't inspirational cuisine or anything, but they do a pretty mean meatloaf and mashed potatoes.  The girlfriend's favorite is their Chicken fried chicken.  Dear heavens.  It's "needs it's own zip code joke" worthy.Don't come here on a hot night with plans to go out afterword.  Come here after something else so you know you are on your way home.  Because there WILL be leftovers.  Enough for one or two days most likely.  And so far everything we've tried heats up quite well the next day.  Environmental note - Feel free to bring your own Tupperware/storage from home.  Use the big purse.  Bring one for everyone if you want.  Because not only will you using them mean less boxes in the old landfill, your food won't dry out or pick up any other fridge flavors.  And since this food may be dinner for the next few nights - these things matter.
3	Probably closer to 3 1/2  stars.  Came here on Business after an extremely hot day in PHX. AC was out in the office I was working in and the swamp coolers used as a temp fix were barely tolerable.Needless to say, I really needed a beer or 3.  The Pyramid Hefeweizen definitely hit the spot.  Nacho's were good and the Widowmaker burger(avo, bacon,double cheese and onion ring) I had was the best I've had in a long time.  The waitress was very cool and put up with a lot of good natured double entendre's from our testosterone laden table.  I'll be back...
4	Been only once. Had the biggest sandwich ever known to man - with 6 slices of bacon. Cut the beast in half and it looked like two regular size sandwiches. To me, that translated to "late night snack." Service was quick 'n friendly. The decor is interesting. Unique ceiling fans. I don't remember much about the decor - too busy staring at the sandwich, which, upon request, came with a side of fresh fruit. Yum!Word of advice: tote a jacket. I froze my ta ta's off.
4	I'm gonna take some heat for this, but I really don't care.  I LOVE Claim Jumper.  Say what you will about chain this and chain that, but I hold this restaurant higher than your average chain and with reason.It takes everything bad about American dining - huge portions, over-the-top decor incl impressive old-school ceiling fans, fattening desserts and huge tedious menus and unabashedly flaunts it.  I call it the Sierra Nevada version of Cheesecake Factory.I've been going here for years - so I may be blinded by the nostalgia value, but I think the food is of better quality than your typical chain.  I very rarely come here anymore because every location is far-flung since Claim Jumper is adored by suburban soccer parents from here to Chicago, but my buddy out in South Tempe got me to make the trek last week for his birthday.My favorites here are:* Tri-tip french dip, which is delicious and classically Californian.  * Rotisserie chicken with red skinned mashed potatoes or cheese potatocakes as an option.* Country Fried Steak - with the mashed potatoes adorned with a red apple. :)* Parmesan crusted chicken with angel hair marinara.* Meatball calzone which is bigger than your face.If you can finish dinner here AND leave room for the gluttonous Chocolate Mother Lode cake or Mud Pie for dessert, I would like to meet you and shake your hand just to be sure you are human.
4	So, you know, Claim Jumper is a chain and stuff. I never go here of my own volition but occasionally when a group of work people want to go, I tag along. The food has always been just okay. But THEN. Today, on a lark, I tried the veggie burger, and WOW, it was just amazing. I mean, amazing. It was a Boca burger topped with tomato, avocado, caramelized red onions, garlic mayo, and gouda, which I switched out for goat cheese. Seriously, this thing was heaven. My one complaint is that it was served on very heavily toasted toast, which I don't think the menu indicated, and I HATE sandwiches on toast. This one was delicious enough to make up for the toast thing, but next time I'll ask for it on a roll instead. I could only eat half of this deliciousness and took the rest home in a box -  it came with a fairly large side salad for $9, which I considered to be a steal. I never thought I'd say this, but I can't wait to go back to Claim Jumper.
2	Went to the Claim Jumper yesterday to check out their happy hour.  I've dined there before and the food is decent. ***This review is for their happy hour only*** Sat down and waited about 10 minutes before we were acknowledged, menus finally arrive, drink orders are placed (I get a glass of wine, my dining partner gets a coke) we wait another 15 minutes to get our drinks and we still haven't ordered.  At this point I'm getting the hungry cranky pains and the irritability is setting in...Drink the wine, calm down...Finally the waitress comes back to take our order (bringing another coke and he hasn't even finished half of the first).. We order the shrimp taquitos and crab cakes. After another grueling 15 minutes our order arrives (with another coke). The taquitos are a shrimp (tail intact) wrapped in a corn chip and fried, they serve the 4 with some slimy sweet sauce and a poor excuse for dressed up tartar sauce. The crab cake (not cakes) comes out and it was pretty delicious, but at $10.95 it better have been. Here's the skinny on the crab cakes $12.95 for 2, the happy hour "special" takes 2 dollars off any app on the menu, knocking it down to $10.95 - what they don't tell you is they take away the other crab cake! Cheeky rip off!Still being hungry we order the nachos, I'll post a picture later just to show how gross they were. The guacamole was brown, I think they added it prior to baking. The nachos which consisted of cheese and black beans. They were so soggy, I don't think they drained the beans before piling them on. Also the menu boasted of an array of different salsas, there were 2 jars, they were both the same salsa.Bill came (with another coke) - $30 bucks, I went home and made a sandwich.
4	I am still in a daze and full from the meal I had here a few days ago.  Don't ask me what I had, it's all a fog now.  I just remember my terror at the enormous plate of delicious food that was placed in front of me.I tried to escape, but I was caught in its gravitational pull.Once I was able to consume enough to break away, then box the remainder... my terror was refreshed when my lunch date ordered an eclair for dessert.I'm going to have nightmares about chocolate, whipped cream, custard and ice cream for a week.Delicious nightmares.Excuse me while I roll away from the computer.
3	A word of advice when dining at Claim Jumpers, do NOT go there if you are on a diet or trying to lose weight! Oh boy, if this is how the stinky old scraggly gold prospectors would eat back in the 1840's, then I think the Arizona Lottery dude is grossly underweight ( http://www.nba.com/media/suns/arizona_lottery_120.gif ).I was fair warned by Chris T. ( http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=TQo2DFe6O6LWALv_awgcCQ ) that the portion sizes are very large there, and he wasn't kidding! You all know that feeling you get when you eat too much? I don't mean the feeling like "...wow, I'm full..." and you keep picking at the food. I don't even mean the feeling like "...OMG, I can't believe I ate the whole thing!". What I am referring to is that OTHER feeling, the one you DON'T want to admit you had. The one when you try to think back on it, you start to perspire and hope no one is watching you think about it. COME ON, YOU CAN'T DENY IT!!! It's the feeling you get when you eat soooooo much that .................I'm going to say it...............YOUR EYE'S HURT! There........I feel much better, I said it.Now, back to the restaurant. It's not their fault that I ate that much, no. It's my own fault because I scoffed at the original warning from Chris. I said "I'm on a diet, and I can be strong". The wait time would have been real long except I called earlier and made a reservation (I suggest you do as well). I went to with my wife, sister and her boyfriend and whenever you go with more than 2 people you have to order appetizers. For some reason you know you aren't any MORE hungry than if you were alone or on a date, but I think your stomach thinks that there is "strength in numbers" so you can take on a bigger battle. Anyway, we ordered the cheesy potato soup, some avocado thingys and garlic bread. For my meal I ordered a pile of pasta and chicken. I DIDNT EVEN MAKE IT TO THE DESSERTS (....ouch......eye....pain)!The potato soup was pretty good, but I've had better. It had a lot of onion/onion flavoring which is a big no no for my wife, and she was excited to order it. I didn't really enjoy the avocado thingys, they had a weird taste when combined with the side of dressing/sauce stuff. The garlic bread WAS the bomb though. Very greasy and garlicky and yummy! It went great with my meal which was a chicken alfredo over linguine (something along those lines). I'm pretty sure they serve their meals on a garbage can lid (or at least a plate of that size). It was piled high and wide. So here's the million dollar question...."Why would someone complain about large portion size? Take the rest home and save it for tomorrow". Well that's because your portion size is reflected in the check. The prices were higher than a normal "fast/sitdown" type restaurant but the food wasn't much better. So you pay for MORE of the same that you can't even finish, and if you do finish it you run the risk of going blind!!!!Now I'm going to put my dark shades on, grab my long, retractable cane and go to Pizzeria Uno.....They are cheaper and I love the "Rattlesnake Pasta".......also I think they have a special seat for blind people.   :)
4	This place drives me crazy in a good way.  The other night I went there for the second time.  Luckily, it was late and they were pretty slow so I was able to pour over the extensive menu at my leisure.  It also helped that I was with my mom who gave me this horrible trait of indecisiveness.  When I'm with my husband, he scans the menu titles and picks one.  I have to read every description and then narrow it down little by little until the waiter or waitress comes and I am forced to make a snap decision.  My mom was interested in the appetizers but since I had been here once before, I was able to talk her out of it.  All I had to do was remind her of the glorious desserts that were displayed when you first walked in.  Mom ordered the chicken fried steak and I ordered some mushroomy chicken delight!  It was served with mashed red potatoes, my fav, and I substituted parmesean zucchini spears for the roasted veggies and a biscuit the size of my fist!  We both agreed that the food was wonderful but saved 3/4 of it for the next day's meals and order dessert.Ahhh, dessert!!!  The last time I was here, my hubby and I ordered the ice cream cookie sandwich and we couldn't get close to finishing it.  We almost cried as cookies are sacred!  This time, I ordered "The World's Smallest Ice Cream Sundae" which is a huge scoop of vanilla ice cream slathered with thick hot fudge and a mountain of whipped cream.  I ordered the chocolate chip toffee cookie on the side expecting just a cookie.  No, they brought the cookie out which is almost the size of the plate drizzled with carmel and chocolate.  I ate the ice cream and a few bites of cookie and brought the rest of the cookie home.  My mom ordered the creme brullee trio.  One was traditional, the other was something I can't remember and the BEST was the expresso chocolate!  Incredible!  Don't waste your time, money, or calories on the trio...just get the mocha!!  If you are a coffee freak, have a paramedic standing at your side for CPR...you'll have died and gone to heaven.I will also support Kristin C's review:  bring your own Tupperware!
2	ALL I WANTED WAS SOME FREAKING TORTILLA SOUP!!! ...We were seated immediately which was fabulous. Then... no one even LOOKED at our table for 15, yes 15 minutes. When our waiter finally decided to show up it took another 5 min to get our drinks and we both had soda. Totally unacceptable. Then we wait another 15 min for our order to be taken. Thank god our food came out when it did because I was ready to walk out the door. Two stars because I happen to love their tortilla soup and they have a fun and lengthly drink menu. I may never go back after this though.
4	Claim Jumper... no one is going to be jumping after eating here. Too much stress on the ankles when landing...I love Claim Jumper. Asian pear salad, veggie-burger, and most definitely the desserts.Upon walking in you are immediately pulled toward the massive chocolate cake. Massive. Humongous. I have never actually dared to order it. I am just too intimidated.Today I went with my parents and had the veggie burger. I am not usually an immitation meat kind of person, but despite the fact that this burger was, in fact, immitation meat, the rest of the goodies on the sandwich made for a delicious lunch. It came with onions, avocado, tomatoes, garlic mayo (it comes very light), and a few other things I can not recall. My mother had the citrus salad with chicken, which she loves, and my father had the Chinese Chicken salad. Both came with big muffins. My favorite is the cornbread muffin.The only dessert I have actually indulged in is the deep dish berry pie. The pie was tart and a little tangy, which was wonderfull. It was not overly sugary. Perfect for sharing.Other desserts I have been eyeing for multiple years are the red velvet cupcakes, the flan, the humongoid eclair, the chocolate cake, and the deep dish apple pie. I'm sure there are a few I am forgetting.The prices are reasonable, especially since you are most likely going to be sharing or taking home half of the meal anyway.
4	hell yeah!  I just ate a muffin with whipped butter that's as big as my head!jerk chicken with sweet potato was great.  baked potato was as big as a football.  they need to test the food here for some serious growth hormones...
3	Come hungry.   No really, don't eat for like 3 days then go to Claim Jumper.   I've seen this much food feed entire families in documentaries on the National Geographic channel.   The food is good, from the appetizers to the entrees, right on through the chocolate cake the size of a chihuahua it is solid if not spectacular.   The service however is on top of it - I never wanted for a refill on my Iced T and the server was attentive and very nice.     If I could add a half star for 3.5 I would.
3	I would give 3.5 stars if I could.  The reason why it is not 4 stars is because I found Famous Dave's which serves way better ribs.  The wait for this place was LONG.  We waited about 45min to be seated...but it is partly our fault for not making a reservation.  The food is pretty good and with really good portions.  Our fav is their apple cinnamon muffin...mmm...yum!*Service = pretty nice*Ribs = good but tough sometimes*Apple Cinnamon Muffin......SO GOOD!*Cherry Coke = they actually put in cherry syrup in it.*Price = good*Atmosphere = interesting
1	The wait was horrendous and when my husband asked why other parties who came in after us without reservations were being seated, the hostess was rude and said, "You were quoted 30-45 minutes.  It's been 23, so wait until it's been at least your quoted time."Wow, that was so rude.  It took forever to get a waiter to take our drink order once we were seated.  Then he didn't check on us after delivering our meal.  My lobster was overcooked and I had to get up to find someone to take it back to the kitchen.  Won't go back there again.  EVER.
4	I never wait to be seated.  I like the bar area, it has tables and benches, ect. and never has a wait.  You feel like you are sitting in the main part of the restaurant.I really enjoyed the veggie burger I had last time we were there.  It was better than I've had at fancy restaurants.The huge portions are fun because you always have enough for a meal the following day.
5	To start, do not come here if you have a small stomach. What everyone says is true, you really will not be jumping at claim jumpers as you may break your ankles due to the weight you gain after eating here. To start, we go here at least once or twice a week every week. We always sit in the bar and have become regulars so just a shout out to the awesome bar staff Lina, Johnny and Vince. You guys are all awesome and if you ever go to the bar at claimjumpers, make sure they are bartending and you will be well taken care of. As for the size of the food...it's all huge and I can never finish my meal much to the annoyance of my boyfriend...I got their Motherlode Sandwich once and I will never get it again. This sandwich seriously lasted me for the next 3 days. It's about 7 inches tall due to the 16 oz of meat inside of it. That is a 4 person meal in itself. The only thing I have been able to finish to date is their giant baked potato which is huge and comes loaded with chicken, zuchinni and squash in it covered in cheese, they also give you a side dish of alfredo cheese as well. The deserts are also huge! The cheesecake here is to die for and if you eat enough of it, it probably will kill you. The slices are about 4 inches tall and come with handmade whipped cream and chocolate chips normally. The apple caramel cheesecake is also delicious but to filling. My boyfriend really enjoys their chips and salsa as they make the salsa there. They have two different kinds though, ask for the fire roasted salsa, it's spicy but delicious. Also he loves their seared ahi (I hate fish).Over all, it is a bit pricey but you most certainly get what you pay for here. Also the interior is beautiful, it's like a lodge for gold miners. I would highly suggest going during happy hour at the bar if you're going to drink as drink prices are cheaper and appetizers are half off. It's 3-7 pm.
3	This place has good food and huge portions. I went for a team lunch and even with 6 of us during lunch, there wasn't a wait. We ordered and the food arrived correctly and quickly.I ordered the citrus chicken salad - the lunch size portion with the jerk chicken, cranberries, golden raisins, pecans, etc. I couldn't finish it. I am not sure what the entree size would look like, but I am sure it would be a waste. Maybe good to share?I did not order the desserts, although they all look great and are huge. I saw online that a slice of the chocolate motherlode cake has just over 2000 calories. I think I will pass.The one down thing for the lunch is that my manager ordered from the a la carte menu. Instead of a meal she ordered just a side of asparagus - and 6 stalks were $5.75. It is brushed with oil and grilled. She claimed it was very good, but at about $1 per piece, I don't know if it could be that good...my entire salad was $8.75...The service was fast and friendly. She brought the food out correctly and had no problem splitting up those order totals for those with credit cards.
2	ONLY because one of my WORST dining experiences came from here.. DO you not rate higher.. BUT someone I adore.. adores the CJ.. I always find the service here so slow.. and Im not sure why.. I generally have been in the afternoon.. I do like the french onion soup.. but service... ITS alot about the service.. and every time Im here.. its horrendously slow.. HUGE desserts.. I mean like can serve a party of 3 for each.. get the berry cobbler.. my oh my
1	GARBAGE! But hey, the portions of it are huge!!! Sorry, I can't testify to any dishes here.
4	I still remember the first time I visited this place. Having to wait for over half an hour to get in ( place must be good right)! People walking out with their take home bags full of food and a rather large group of people waiting to get in from out of the cold night air. This place is different in many ways from most sit down eating establishments you may find in this town. To make my point I will use one of the all time movie classics from my childhood, Honey I shrunk the kids. Now we all know that we are in a recession and that means people are spending less which means restaurants have fewer customers. This results in many places cutting portion sizes and raising prices to increase their profits. This is the what I like to call honey I shrunk the kids( plate). Why would I pay more for less?? Most places are like the first movie in the sense that people in the film thought making things smaller would be beneficial to everyone but it turned out to be anything but. This place however is more like the final movie in the series, honey I blew up the kid! Who ever coined the phrase bigger is better was talking about this place. Burgers the size of portable TV 's, and a chocolate eclair the size of a small lap dog that would put anybody into a diabetic comma make this place worth going to at least once if you like to eat. I think of this restaurant as a great place to see a dinner and a show. It is fun to watch slabs of meat come from the back and placed in front of someone who just sits there wide eyed and can only say WOW! Sure at most places big people like myself have to feel self conscious when we go for the biggest thing on the menu. Why? because of the childish laughter that comes from super skinny women and their shaggy ( from scooby doo) boyfriends, but not at this place! Everything on the menu is BIGG!! So when these walking skeletons start to laugh just turn right around and laugh back at them and say '' Wow you sure can eat!'' LOL. Now I do agree with many of the other reviews when they mention the fact that the service is slow or sometimes just down right bad. Out of the three times I have eaten here only once did I have a server that really was on their toes. Drinks were brought out shortly after ordering them. Our food came out in a short amount of time and was prepared just as requested, and drinks were refilled without anyone having to hunt someone down. So is this place worth eating at? Sure if you are a group of people who just want to share a monster plate of food, or a couple who like to eat, or....... '' sigh" Look just go there and enjoy the food. Just make sure that you go when they are not as busy to lessen the chance of problems with the service or lack there of.
1	Yeah, it sux. If you want to stuff your face with HUGE amounts of food without much care this is for you. But you care even a lil' you might want to scoot clear of it.
4	Cracker Barrel on steroids!!! That's how I would describe this place. I was in town for work and a group of us moseyed across the street to try Claim Jumper upon recommendation from some local colleagues. It did not disappoint. Although we had to wait, the wait was well worth it. I ordered the meatloaf, which was OUTSTANDING. The portions at this place are HUGE, which is right up my alley. My meatloaf came with a butter biscuit, and I shared a giant blueberry muffin and the tortilla soup with one of my coworkers. Everything was good. The blueberry muffin was moist and dusted in a brown sugar like substance that was decadent. Oh, the potatoes. The mashed potatoes melted in your mouth. The meatloaf was doused in gravy, just the way I like it. I couldn't finish the giant two slices that was included. The grilled zucchini added a nice touch to the dish. I can't write this without mentioning the beef ribs. One of my coworkers got them, and it was literally like a plate of food straight out of the Flintstones. They were bigger than my head! Huge bones, all beef ribs. I tried on and they were good. Real good. Unfortunately, after gorging ourselves, we didn't have room for the 3 foot tall slice of chocolate cake, but it looked really good. Maybe next time. Definitely recommend Claim Jumper to anyone who loves good down home cooking.
2	Been here a few times. This time the service was really slow and they weren't that busy so not sure what their deal was. When we got there it was not that long to be seated but once seated at our table we waited like ten minutes till someone came over to greet us. We had plenty of time to decide on our whole order while we were waiting to be greeted. So we order drinks, appetizer, main meal all at once. The appetizer came out in just a few minutes but it took longer till we got our drinks. For the appetizer we had the potato cakes, quite yummy. It took well over 40 minutes from when we first placed our order till we got our main meal. Quite a long time for what was ordered. I enjoyed the parmesan chicken it was different but still very good. Because we were too full for dessert but still wanted the have the huge chocolate cake, had to get it to go. Overall good food and drinks, but terribly slow service. Some of the prices here are a little ridiculous, too.
4	The one thing I can say about this place is that it always delivers when you are really hungry. I was spending the day with my aunt and cousin so I wanted a place that had great food and plenty of it ( they like to eat to lol) and claim jumper was near by. I had not eaten here since the last time I ordered a widow maker burger and they almost had to cart my overstuffed body out the front door, but I knew I would be OK with backup in tow. The place had the same decorations that I was used to (mining tools,carts) but it seemed to be missing something. Normally the place is packed but there seemed to be many open seats (was a Sunday afternoon after all). We were told by the greeter that it was open seating and that we could sit anywhere we wanted which was nice but kind of weird. The NBA playoffs were on near the bar so after deciding on a booth that allowed my cousin and I to view two T.V.'s we were greeted by our waiter. He gave my family the rundown since it was their first time here on how big the portions were but also informed them that they now also offered half portions as well. I was kind of bummed that I would not be able to get my glass of raspberry ice tea( they no longer serve it) but our waiter was quick to point out that they do serve a tropical ice tea which was really good.  After my aunt finally placed her order for a appetizer our server was off to the kitchen to place the order. Now as I said in my last review when it comes to the food this place is top notch. The problem is with the staff as there seem to be many of them but none that are really interested in getting your food out in a timely manner. Our apps were on the table in what seemed like minutes which is not hard considering that it is probably already pre-made but our entries took over 30 minutes to come out! Not cool. But it did give us time to sit and watch the game. My cousin ordered the BBQ ribs which she said were smokey and really good. I decided to temp fate and ordered the widow maker with seasoned fries which looks like the burger version of the matter horn at disneyland. After the the normal looks of shock that newbies get when they eat here for the first time, we dug in. Each bite was delicious and flavorful. The bacon, and avocado worked better than Steve Nash and Amare in their game against the Trailblazers. Normally I switch back and forth between fries and my burger but this massive monster had me in it's grasp and would not let go.All things considered this place still suffers from the same issues it did in the past. Anyone who knows me knows that bad service is a deal breaker when deciding if and when I will return to a place, but when it comes to eating here I guess I have to bend if not brake my own rule lol. Our server made this little family gorge fest a better one so I will return but just not right away. For now claim jumper you can keep all your stars but until the staff problem is fixed you are still in the danger zone.
4	and then theres claim jumper!.. . when i think about this place, it takes me back to a year and a half ago when me and the boyfriend were here to check AZ out  for the first time from icy cold WI.  we were exploring the desert all day and suddenly realized all that grumbling was our stomachs and not thunder. ( and yes i now know how often storms are here:) After driving around, we decided on this place, since we never heard of it. Walking in, my mouth dropped open as i was face to face with the most huge desserts i've ever seen !  i mean these things would be what dreams are made of if they would actually fit into my dreams!  Ok so the lightbulb shoulda went off judging by the desert size, that the rest of the menu would also have steroid size standards, so since it didn't we started with the Avocado rolls.  WOW... no words..  just wow!  AMAZING!  next i ordered the rotisserie chicken with veggies and mashed potatoes, and my boyfriend stuck with the half rack of ribs with veggies and baked potato.  My chicken was extremely juicy and full of flavor to the point where i just couldn't stop eating it.  The mashed potatoes were def up to my high standards and the vegetables cooked and seasoned perfectly!  The plates were huge and also came with garlic cheese bread that was soo good i would've been happy with a plate of that alone.  The ribs were some of the best my boyfriends had ( although he still has texas roadhouse as his #1)  and we both left in a serious food choma.  Sorry humongous chocolate cake, but there was just no room for you today!   Def a fave of ours, so check it out:).
4	I've always been a fan of Claim Jumper. Someone called it Cracker Barrel on steroids and I laughed so hard because that's exactly what you will experience.Their food is amazing. That isn't an argument at all. Be prepared to have leftovers that will last you until the next rainy season, seriously. The prices are really expensive because you're not buying a meal, you're investing in a series of meals. My problem the last time I came here was the service. The waitress was kind of rude and kept giving us dirty looks. Then when the food came out my mashed potatoes had gravy on them. The menu didn't say they came with gravy and she never asked me if I wanted gravy. I am physically incapable of eating gravy. Is it just me or is gravy the kind of thing you're supposed to ask if someone wants before just assuming? If it had been on the menu I would have asked for none. I was really sad about this because I love their mashed potatoes. My mom ordered a piece of chocolate cake the size of a whale. I was both terrified and astounded by this beast. I don't eat chocolate but they all said it was great. I'll have to believe them.I wish I could pick 3.5 but whatever.
4	Had lunch here with a large group for work.  We got a private room.  The staff was friendly and did a great job serving during our meeting, not too distracting.I live out of town and would love to go back again.  They have a large menu and everyone loved their food.  I did the citrus salad and subbed blackened salmon for chicken. It was wonderful and fresh.I saw many other menu items that I would have like to try. I'd say that it has something for everyone. They roast their own chicken in house and also have a tempting dessert display.
5	I love Claim Jumper and I don't care who knows. Yes, its a chain but who the hell cares. The food is always good, heaping portions, the atmosphere is fun, service has always been dead on, and the prices are decent. A lot of people are saying that claim jumper is expensive but I don't think it is at all. Most of the dishes are 15.00 or under and are massive though over 1500 calories each. You could definitely share a dish with another person and walk away for less than 20.00 with a nice down home comfort meal in both of your bellies. I think overpriced is when places charge more than 20.00 a meal which lets face it, is pretty typical now a days at a restaurant serving the type of food Claim Jumper does. Now that I have proven my point, I will list what I have tried, all of which are amazing:- Turkey supper - Make sure you get extra gravy though. Their mashed potatoes are very good though chunkier than some people would like. The stuffing is pretty legit as well but what I like most about this meal is the roasted veggies (I'm not really a veggie fan but these are unbelievable, I could eat a whole plate of them by themselves), and the cranberry jelly. Ummmm thanksgiving!!!- Cashew chicken salad sammich or BBQ chicken sammich - Both are delicious & huge. I always order with a side salad with ranch. Pretty big & cornbread croutons so good. The baked tomato herb bread is what makes these!!!- Ponzu glazed salmon with coconut rice, papaya salsa, and grilled bok choy - This was one of their summer specials and I really hope it comes back next summer because it was honestly one of the best salmon dishes Ive ever had from a restaurant. If you are a salmon person and they have this again, you must try it!- Goldrush chicken - OMG, this is sooooooo good. Do not order if you are trying to watch your weight though. Haha. The hubby gets every time he comes here and is absolutely in love with it more than I think hes in love with me. I will agree, its divine!- Chicken fried steak - This is probably my least favorite thing here and I will tell you why. Although the taste is great, its too fricken big!!! So you sit and eat and eat and eat this bohemith fried chicken/ steak and you make yourself miserable in the process. Yes you do that with almost all their meals, but this one always makes me feel the most horrible after the fact. This is definitely one that you either need to order the lighter portion or share with someone. Otherwise, you will seriously be burnt out on anything fried for months.- Giant stuffed baker - These potatoes are seriously the size of my husbands foot and that is pretty massive. Yes, he is known as fricken big foot in our house! Anyways, I made the mistake one time of thinking I would try to "eat light" at Claim Jumper. Let me just tell you, there is no such thing. I ordered a half a sammich with a salad off the lunch menu and was told that it came with a baked potato. This turned out to be a meal fit for the entire town of Guadalupe!!! OMG, fricken huge!!!! The potato was great though, it came with all the fix-ens at that time: cheese sauce, bacon, sour cream, butter, you name it!- French onion soup - Just tried this last night and the husband and I agreed that it was extremely flavorful and rich. Definitely one of the better french onion soups I have had. Lots of oozy cheese!And lastly, yes I have miraculously managed to try a few of their desserts although I am not sure how. This was definitely when I was at my fattest!- I declare it eclair cake - So I was here one night for just dessert with my hub and the in laws. I was going to get the chocolate chip calzone but they said it would take awhile. So I decided on the "I Declare it" thinking it probably wouldn't be very big because lets face it, how fricken big can an eclair be? The hub and his dad went to use the rest room and on the way back, got a glimpse of my cake. It was the second to the largest right next to the motherlode chocolate cake. I was beyond scared when they told me this! Then it arrived and they were not lying. It was massive! The thing that I noticed though was that although it appears huge, its really just the 12 scoops of ice cream under the eclair that make it gargantuan. So I basically just ate the eclair with whipped cream, hot fudge and maybe one scoop of ice cream. I would advise anyone else who gets this to do the same!- Jumpers mud pie with Oreo ice cream - We split this between 3 of us and it was still way too much sweet for one night. This is mainly all ice cream. I am sensing a theme with the Claim Jumper Desserts? Anyways, I was not overly impressed because I like a little more substance then just ice cream.- Brownie Finale - Just like every other brownie sundae out there but beyond better! The brownie is of course on steroids but its moist, chocolaty and just downright delicious. Best brownie I have had! Split this between 3 people as well and I felt like a fricken heffer when I was done   :(   Very good
5	See my other review under the other Claim Jumper link. I went to the 5001 word mark with that one so I couldn't add a couple of helpful tips, haha. Everything is great here pretty much but I will admit that I am not a fan of their biscuits and don't  understand why they get so much praise. To me, they are dry, lacking in flavor, and hard. The guy that posted the pic of the spoon sticking out of one is my idol and I completely agree. Also, if you are trying to watch what you eat and you happen to end up here obviously because of someone else suggestion, you can determine what is healthy by looking at the back of their drinks/ desserts booklets that are on the tables. There are nutrition facts on everything on the menu in this book! Although kinda depressing, this will help you determine the healthiest items. Good luck finding something under 500 calories though!
3	Nice atmosphere, and fine service.  The food was very tasty! (Thanksgiving dinner plate, and Jambalaya)  If the food options here were a bit healthier I think I'd give it 4 stars, but the menu is very large and I may just not have looked hard enough!  Anyways, overall a very nice dinner
5	Finally got to try the bread pudding  here and it was unbelievable. Not as unbelievable as Charlestons but is definitely making the list for "Best Bread puddings" (see list). Also tried the tuna sammich with avocado as I wanted something simple. That tomato herb bread that they use is extraordinary! The sammich was great just like everything else I have had here.
3	for a chain restaurant I don't mind this every once and a while...the place is huge just like their portions so come either really hungry or with someone you could share with.  :) BF got the chicken and gravy and I got the wedge (which we shared because it was HUGE) and then I had some clam chowder.  Always good traditional food and not extremely over priced.  our server was super friendly and clearly LOVED her job lol but we had a great time with her-sorry I forget her name.
3	They don't have the Jamaican jerk chicken stuffed sweet potato anymore. My whiskey apple glazed chicken was awesome and we love their oven roasted vegetables. My wife's tri-tip was loaded with fat and connective tissue and her sweet potato was so cold it wouldn't melt the butter. They comped the check and made it right. Probably will not come back as they don't have the Jamaican chicken sweet potato on the menu and we came here just for that. Good overall, just disappointed.
1	A once fine restaurant has been sold and the new bean counting owners have degraded this formerly wonderful, highly rated, dining establishment. I'm done with Claim Jumper. The penny pinching new owners don't deserve my business and I don't want their food.
5	Service and food were impeccable! I plan on trying the bread pudding on my next visit.
3	Used to go from Sky Harbor to CJ when visiting PHX. Now that we live here, it has gone to quite mediocre. Still has big portions but the beef tastes more like your typical frozen fare
3	We stopped into Claim Jumper for a bite before our movie at Harkins. I'd been there once before, years ago, and all I could remember were the portions that were the size of my face. This time, we sat in the bar (a plus, since I'll do just about anything to avoid sitting near a family with a screaming 3 year old) and it was great. The service was VERY slow (knocking a star for that - albeit, it was very busy that night), but otherwise, the food was great, nice and tasty. They have a great happy hour menu with some killer deals on apps, and my favorite part is the decor. The Husband is very into rustic, and I like contemporary, and I think Claim Jumper hits right in the middle - almost like having dinner at my upscale cabin in Flagstaff.
2	I used to love this place (used to be 4-5 stars). But was so disapointed when we had lunch there yestereday. 1st of all the 2 items we ordered on their lunch menu was the same exact price as on their regular menu haha. That's no biggie but their food was horrible and what used to be large portions are now about 1/2 to 2/3 the size (depending on whats ordered) and no longer good. I had mozarella sticks which used to be a lot and yummy, soso now. The real dispaointment was the calmari. It tasted like it was sitting under a heat lamp forever. It was limp and soggie. I took it home and put it in the toaster oven and it tasted better than at the restaurant, yikes. Dh ordered their widow maker and it was seriously cold. The whole thing was just cold, not even luke warm, it was weird. They made him a new burger and comped us for it but the food over all was still just not good. My dds had the potato cheddar soup and they changed that recipe. It used to be my favorite soup ever, definitely not anymore :( We will not be going back there at all!!
4	Service was great, food was awesome, atmosphere was extremely comfortable. I'd recommend to everyone.
2	I used to be a huge fan of this place, but it was just ok this time around..A bunch of us went and I ordered their steak for two.. 22oz. Thought it might be good.  It was dry and had no flavor.  She had asked at the beginning "Do you guys want A-1?"  I said "No thanks."  A good steak shouldn't need any sauce.  I should have asked for a ton of it.. just ugg..We also got their artichoke, which was actually not too bad.  I love the one they do at Cheesecake  Factory. if you combine both, you have the ultimate smoked artichoke.  Everyone was ok with their meal and one of my friends loved his.  He got the chicken fried steak.  Cant really mess that up I guess.  it was pretty good. Id go back, but Im not the fan i used to be of this place.
4	Had lunch here last week. Great food and fast service.
5	Brought a business colleague & partners here for supper at about 7 PM. We were sat down right away; it was nice to not have to wait in line. Drinks were good. Colleague had a beer; I had a Lava Flow. Tasted like a tropical punch milkshake but with added alcohol. Yummy!!!  For supper I had the tri-tips with baked potato, grilled veggies and cheese bread. Everything was super delicious!! No complaints here!! I wound up taking 1/2 of it back to my hotel for a next day snack. =) The desserts looked SO good but I had no room or else I would have tried that Monster Mud Pie. (I think that's what it's called!!)Waiter was very helpful and funny at the same time. We made sure he got a $20 tip. Location is VERY close to the Arizona Mills Mall. Go eat, then go to the mall for a few hours and walk it off. =)
2	Used to be one of our fav spots. Appears to have been recently bought by a new company. Menu has been changed, and some of our old favs are gone. Food was alright, but not what it used to be. Portions have been reduced significantly. Service was good, but the atmosphere has become like any other chain steakhouse.
4	Food excellent as usual.  One of the best quesadilla I've ever had.
4	Went to Claim Jumpers for a lunch today with a friend around noon, and even with the busy lunch rush we were seated right away and waited on within 1 min of being in our seat. We both knew what we wanted to order, my friend had the Cobb Salad, which by the way looked delish and I had the Chinese Chicken Salad which I just can't get enough of!! Omg so good!! Love the sweet & spicy peanut dressing!  We were in and out within a hour.  I want to say the service was great, but I'm a little turned off by the service today, it was like we were the only table and our waitress was back at our table every 5 minutes,,,our conversation keep getting cut off, and when we only have 45 mins, I need all the talk time I can get right? LOL  I know it's odd to complain about too much service, but I was about to ask her to just back off a bit.  My friend would just give her the eye roll. Poor girl.  Yes I would go back again and hopefully the waitress would be bothering someone else and not me haha.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME experience there!  I am a vegetarian and the waitress and the kitchen staff went above and beyond to make me a veggie sandwich that wasn't even on the menu.  At times people get really annoyed when you ask for things not on the menu but I couldn't have anticipated such accommodation!  They were so kind and the sandwich was amazing!!!!  Thank You Claim Jumper!!!
2	Went with a group and needed a close location to the meeting event we had to attend. Service was good.Food was very greasy and bland.I gather this is a chain?Either way once was enough.Group of 7 vote? 2 Stars. A star for the nice hostess.A star for our nice waitress.Food was zero.Frankly, they need to trim down the menu. You cannot specialize in everything.To close, we tried the 7 layer "advertised" cake! The slice had to be sitting in the air of a couple days.Sorry, nasty is the only description here.
5	this is a totally awesome place to eat. great service and staff. have not found anything on the menu that i did not like. the baby back ribs fall right off the bone and the potato soup is soooo creamy. you gotta try the onion rings but make sure you have more then one person to eat them. a huge order.
3	Lot of food!!  Chicken potpie was great.  Most food is of the "comfort" style.-Nice staff, friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.You feel like you're in a log cabin when here.  I could have used some more refrigeration, a/c, when i was there, but it was one of the hottest days of summer.Save room for dessert!!!!  Their take on cheesecake is awesome.  In fact, I could use a slice now.
5	I have eaten at this restaurant many, many times over.  The service is stellar.  It is as good as service get anywhere. Your drink does not go empty without your waiter or waitress coming to fill it up.  You are asked frequently - but not too much - if you need anything.  If a waiter gets tied up and can't get to  you, someone else comes to make sure you are being WELL taken care of.The decor in this restaurant is amazing!!  Deer, elk and buffalo heads adorn the walls, a rustic look throughout the place yet has a warm ambiance to it.  The food is very good.  I pretty much stick with steaks, so I guess how can you go wrong with that.  But, the people I have taken with me have ordered all kinds of different things off of the menu and always give rave reviews of it.  It isn't exactly a cheap restaurant yet it has fared the storms of economic chaos, that in itself speaks volumes to me. I have not a bad word to say about the place and I will keep coming back.
3	Their lunch menu is not bad.  I had the 1/2 soup and 1/2 sandwich.  The creamy chicken tortilla soup was not bad at all.  For the sandwich, I picked turkey.  The bread was ok and that for me made the whole sandwich ok.  The service was fast and friendly.
4	I rarely send food back to the kitchen to be cooked more and I've never had to send food back twice... until tonight.So why 4 stars? We'll get to that.When my wife and I first arrived, the place was pretty well packed. Yes, there were tables open, but the greeters were out of menus and had to wait for some to make their way back to the front desk before we could be seated. The greet staff appeared overwhelmed. When we were seated, the person who guided us to our seat (Jason?) didn't really seem to care much about what he was doing.We had to wait for a bit for a server to show up, but Amy got our drink order and our appetizer order quickly once she made it to our table. The loaded potato skins appetizer was quite good.We put in our dinner order and got our salads shortly after the appetizer arrived. And this is where things started falling apart. My wife's green salad was fine, but my Caesar salad wasn't as green as it should have been. The iceberg lettuce was turning brown.Not that we had a lot of time to consider our salads since the entrees arrived very quickly. We both had steaks and baked potatoes. The potatoes were big and fluffy and quite well baked.The steaks on the other hand... PJ ordered hers medium and I ordered mine medium well. They were both medium rare at best. Hers actually looked rare. We flagged down Amy who was surprised the steaks had shown up so quickly and so obviously undercooked. She apologized and took the steaks back to be cooked more.Chris, the manager, soon showed up to apologize for the inconvenience and to thank us for our patience. I mentioned the brown lettuce to him and he took the offending salad away. He offered to bring something in place of the salad, but I declined.The steaks came back and this time... they were maybe medium rare. Maybe. I told Amy the kitchen was making the restaurant look bad. She once again apologized profusely, seemed genuinely upset on our behalf, and took both steaks to Chris. He came by and this time started out by saying he was embarrassed. We mentioned that we'd been at the restaurant in the past and had very good experiences before, but it seemed like this was a really "off" night for them.He agreed that something had gone off the rails and graciously comped our meals.The steaks arrived again, but not the same ones. They cooked new steaks for us and this time they were just right. Amy stuck around to be sure as we cut into the middle of both our steaks to check them. They were flavored perfectly, cooked perfectly, and we ended up having a nice meal.Chris gets points for dealing with us both times things went wrong and for crouching down to our eye level for the second apology and taking responsibility for the mistakes. Completely comping the meals was an unexpected and welcomed gesture. He also went out of his way to make sure we understood that Amy wasn't to blame (we knew that, but it was nice to see a manager have his employee's back like that).Amy gets points for showing her concern for our satisfaction and for being just as baffled as we were over the obvious poor quality of the preparation of the steaks. Meat shouldn't be red on steaks done medium or above, and the first two were red through and through.Both of them thanked us for our understanding and for not losing our cool (yes, PJ has mellowed me that much over the years). We got Amy to laugh a bit and she got us to laugh as well by asking if she could get us an "undercooked dessert" with a perfect deadpan expression. She earned her 20%+ (before the comp) tip.So, even though we had an adventure of poorly timed food service, confused employees, and undercooked food, Amy and Chris went out of their way to make things right, and whoever cooked the new steaks for us showed us what we knew the kitchen was capable of doing. They screwed up, but they took responsibility and handled the situation quickly and professionally. That's why they get 4 stars for what could have been a 2 star performance or worse.
5	wow!!!
2	Claim Jumper is one of those chain restaurants that gives you giant portion sizes, but the food really isn't anything to rave about. I went here with a few friends last Saturday after we had our comprehensive exam and it was just alright. I really wanted to order a soup and salad, but that lunch special is only offered on weekdays (which is weird...people don't want to eat something lighter on the weekends? hmmm) and in order to get soup and salad, even ordering the smallest portion sizes would have been around 13$ (which is ridiculous). So I ended up ordering the tomato flatbread appetizer and a cup of the potato soup. The flatbread was fine, nothing to get too excited about, but not bad. It had sundried tomatoes on the top and was a little garlicky. The soup, on the other hand, was not good. It was the weirdest tasting potato soup I have ever had. It had carrots in it and it just tasted almost sour. It started to separate (I could see the cream and the grease) before I stopped eating it about halfway through. My friends got sliders and sandwiches, which I guess is the way to go here  because they said it was fine, I just wish they had some half portion options or smaller salad/soup options for more reasonable prices for the kind of restaurant this is....a national chain.
1	The service was slow. Server was nice, but had trouble recommending anything. We order the potato cakes as an appetizer. very bland. The server agreed.  We both ordered burgers on the sourdough bread. It was mostly bread. They didn't put the sauce on mine but did on his. They said they would be medium well. My husbands was medium rare while mine was well done. The flavor was good. Considering the size one could get a better bigger burger cooked right at Carl's Jr.The manager did come over and comped the appetizer. When we mention that there was too much bread and not enough meat, all she could say was :they didn't center the burger right" after showing her it could fit on one slice of bread cut in half she says :yes that's just how we do it". Really? You can't just use a different size bread? Or flatten the burger? Oh hey how about NOT PUTTING IT ON THE MENU!Not worth the money!
3	Be ready to eat! Huge portions on most plates.  Try the strawberry lemonade for sure! Service tends to be alright ..nothing to brag about. Its a place to feel comfortable at with a nice quiet atmosphere for being a big place.
2	I am haunted by guilt for looking the gift horse of a generous work party in the mouth, but Claim Jumper earned the dental exam. First, our party of 40 was relegated to a chilly patio room where the tables were bolted to the floor, thus stranding groups of four on secluded little islands. I know the tables have to be sturdy to handle the hefty dessert plates, but the steel reinforcement is overkill. One expects slower service with a party this size, but I guess we were out of sight and mind. The appetizers and desserts were especially slow in coming, and adding insult to injury, those who ordered their desserts to go were served a good 10 minutes before those who wanted theirs served. The entrees arrived in such a haphazard fashion that one out of each table wasn't served for a good 5 minutes after everyone else, resulting in a few uncomfortable minutes while we politely waited as our plates cooled and our mates drooled. Injuring the insult with ickiness, the lobster was a rubber-bandy glop of shellfish gone wrong, and the petit filet, not much bigger than a petit four, was tough as cowhide. The sweet potato cakes on the side were dense and delicious with a creamy salsa topping. Had there been more salsa, I would have soaked my entree as well in some sort of liquid as it was painfully desiccated.Speaking of overkill, the desserts will easily serve three average-sized diners. The red velvet cake with buttercream frosting was outstanding. It lasted four days in the freezer. Claim Jumper is just the place for chain lovers who find oversized portions and dizzying prices patriotic and who require steel bolts to rest their elbows safely on the table.
4	Went for lunch at Claim Jumper, let me tell you, service was fast and friendly, food was quick, I was in and out in 25 mins! WOW, I didn't wait for a table, I just went to the bar area where it was open seating, if you are in a hurry for lunch, try eating the bar! Ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad, which is my fav dish, it's had almonds, sesame seeds, green onions and cilantro and spicy peanut dressing! So dang delish!Oh yea I tried something new this trip too, dinning solo!! Wasn't so bad, but next time I will bring a book so I won't look so alone LOL  Great place for a good lunch!
4	I love this place!! Great food and service..portions are Hugh..
4	Yeah, I know it's a chain but in my opinion it's a pretty good one. Most of the food that I've had here has been exceptional and the service is always fast and friendly. They offer a decent soup/salad combo or salad/sandwich combo at lunch for only $7 bucks! The salad is always well tossed and properly dressed. The Clam Chowder is spot on with flavor and creaminess. The French Onion and Chicken Tortilla are not bad but they do leave a little more to be desired. Just recently I had the California Works Pizza and it was sublime and can easily be shared between 2 people. All the portions here are fairly large. Make sure you get a dessert to go so you can split it with family or co-workers, My boss calls this place "Calorie Jumper" with good reason to.
4	We walked in with a party of eight and they quickly found a table for us.  The server came right over with menus and ask if we wanted drinks. It took two trips to get all the drinks and she asked about appetizers and took our orders. Each of us picked something different and she handled each order and special request perfectly.When the food arrived, each order was correct. That shouldn't be surprising but we had eight orders and many of them included substitutions and special requests. The server refreshed our drinks as needed and checked on us throughout the meal.The food was very good. Comments from around the table: The pasta was firm with the right amount of sauce. The steak was cooked to order and delicious. The salad was fresh and not swimming in dressing. The chicken pot pie was huge.  The Three Cheese Potatocakes are worth a special trip!The manager stopped by to check on us and we raved about the server. This may be a chain restaurant but you would never know it. Good food, great service.
3	I will start this off by saying do not EVER go to Claim Jumpers for a special occasion.  I realize that last night was Valentine's Day and they would be a little slow but they were terrible in handling the rush.  We made reservations for 8 pm and the hostess said that would be fine on the phone.  We arrive at 750 and did not get seated until 9:15.  I really do not understand the purpose of making reservations if you will not be seated and hour and 15 minutes after your reservation.  I also had my son with me which made the wait longer in a sense.  As i asked the manager who was on duty and the hostess what the situation was during our wait, they continued to give me the run around and had no idea how they were going to handle the situation for anyone.  We had a party of 4 people and 1 child and they could not find a table, yet they continued to seat parties of 2.  Whoever was in charge of seating did a poor job of making space.  The manager or whoever was at the front along with the hostess was very rude and did not seem to want to be there.  I understand it can be a tough job at times, but it is their job and if you are going to be in that line of business you need to understand what it requires.   Once we were seated they basically stuffed us in a both knowing we had two children with us.  Just very disappointed and bothered with the service early.  When we walked to the back there were 4 empty 4 top tables that would have been perfect for our group.   So when it was all said and done we were there from 7:50 pm to 10:30 pm. Not good for a kid on a school night or for people that need to get up early the next day for work.    With that said, the waitress on the other hand was great and really tried to make up for lost time.  The food came faster than the time it took us to sit down. The food was amazing and in very big portions.  I really want to go back during a slower time and enjoy myself (don't know if I will). It was my first experience and now I know why.  It is very hard to enjoy a meal waiting two hours with kids that are hungry.  We will see what transpires.  Like I said I am not downing the food nor is the waitress, my concern with how they are being run during special events and rush hours.
2	Well, this place just didn't ring my bell at all.  I stopped in here today with Mike C., Arlin B., & Robyn N. for lunch, & ordered a Club Sandwich.  It was mostly all bread, with just a little bit of ham, bacon & turkey on it.  It cost $12.99 & was nowhere as good as the same sandwich at, say, Black Bear Diner.  I would have liked to have had a bowl of soup with it, but that would have been another $6.49, bringing it up to $19.48 for nothing but soup, a mediocre sandwich & some fries for lunch.  No thanks!     :-O
4	I had lunch here today with fellow Yelpers Robyn N.,Arlin B.and Rand H. and I had the tenderloin tips that came with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies. Well the food was real good the service was real good and the decor and layout of the restaurant was real good so I guess I will give them a real good 4 stars.
4	You need to be as hungry as a bear to eat here. "Side Salads" are as big as your head and that's why they're $12 each. Bring tupperware. The drink menu is the size of a small novella. You'll have difficulty picking just one. I recommend the Mexican Coffee. I only downgraded because it does take awhile to get seated and they could cut the portions in half and charge half as well.
2	I didn't realize this was a chain until I got my receipt.  Damn it!  I like to frequent local businesses when I travel the country.  Oh well!  I pulled into the last open spot in the parking lot meaning the place was packed.  I was told I could sit in the bar area and find my own spot or wait for a table to open up.  I opted for the bar area and found a small table right away.  The portions here are huge.  I had the BBQ bacon burger.  It was juicy and good.  However, I guess when you order it without greens and tomatoes it means you don't want sauce either.  Their beer selection isn't half bad.  I had the CJ Hefeweizen which was tasty.  The service was slow as shit.
3	For some reason, my wife loves this place, so we land here about once every two months or so.  The service is inconsistent - sometimes our server is excellent, other times the service is beyond poor.  Everything on the menu (including the salads) is very heavy in calories, so if you're going to venture here, I'd make it a place to go after a long run or heavy workout.The food is always fine.  I've never had anything here that was bad or good, frankly.  I'd stay away from most of the fried items, although my wife's post-marathon meal of choice is a Claim Jumper country-fried steak.  The best items I've had here are the steak chili and the fish and shrimp platter I had last night.  The grilled shrimp and tilapia on the platter were good, but the fried fish and shrimp were what I've come to expect from Claim Jumper - fair.At the end of the day, I typically regret a trip to Claim Jumper.  At an average of 40-50 bucks for two, there are many better options in the Phoenix market.
4	I went here a few weeks ago and really liked it. it was much better then I thought it was going to be. I had the chicken pot pie and it was to nice and creamy teased as if my grandma just took it out of her over. the piece of chicken were big. Good veritedy of vegys. good place I'm looking forward to going again.
3	I can see the appeal of Claim Jumper.. if it were 1989. It's not 1989 anymore, though, and chain restaurants with "themes" are just not as relevant as they once were. I had their famed Chicken Fried Steak. The portions were in fact hearty, and it was decent enough, but just about anything tastes good when it's been country fried, and loaded with flavor enhancers. The price was a bit steep. I'd much rather go to TX-AZ Grill for Chicken Fried items. The one great redemption of Claim Jumper - THE GIANT CHOCOLATE CAKE. OH MY STARS. It's really, really amazing, and actually worth the like.. $9.00 or whatever it costs.. it feeds three, with leftovers, and is just stellar. Yay! Chocolate cake.
5	I love the feeling that you just came to Grandma's for dinner. The warm smells that greet you at the door are wonderful! The chess  and huge fireplace are a great extra touch.   We ordered the Chicken Pot Pie and Black Tie Pasta. Both were excellent as all there meals always  are. I suggest holding off on an appetizer since the dinner portions are more than big enough!    I will keep going back again and again.
3	We had Thanksgiving dinner here this past holiday.  It's the only time we'd eaten here, so we can only comment on the special Thanksgiving menu, but they actually did a very nice job with that.  There was a choice of turkey or prime rib. We had one of each. They came with all the appropriate "fixins" and all were pretty well-executed. It was much less "cafeteria" or mass-produced than I expected, and that was a pleasant surprise. The meal concluded with some pretty tasty pie. We chose one slice of apple and one piece of pumpkin.  We were in town for work, and he waitress was super friendly, with a touch of sympathy for us being away from family for the holiday.
2	We went to Claim Jumper after an IMAX movie with another couple just for dessert.  They got us right in.  I have a nut allergy and could not eat any of the desserts because they contained nuts.  The only thing I could eat was a sunday and it was nasty.  Oh and not impressed with the coffee.
4	While in town I decided to give Claim Jumper another chance.  I purposely didn't read my first review before coming back in an effort not to be biased by my first review.  Claim Jumper has now changed my mind.  This is a solid 4 star restaurant for a chain.  I had the BBQ burger again without realizing I had it before.  It was a solid representation of a great burger.  It was cooked perfectly with some pink in the center (I ordered medium).  The bun was fresh and tasted like a homemade roll.  The salt and pepper shoestring fries were glorious!  According to my latest experience, this place is no comparison TGI Friday's or Ruby Tuesday's.  I also had dessert on this trip.  I'm a bit of a lemon cake snob as my grandmother made the best lemon cake in the world (it has been scientifically proven). I had the lemon cake for dessert probably against my better judgment.  Grandma Pauline is turning in her grave as I write this but CJ's lemon cake is a strong contender for best lemon cake in the world.I will definitely be back to CJ's the next time I'm in town which happens to be next week.
2	Have been here before a couple of times for business lunches, but todays was definitely not good.  I ordered the mini pizza with side salad and an iced tea.  The salad was a little gritty like it had been cleaned properly, and the mini pizza veggies were still crunchy with cheese that had not melted entirely.I was truly disappointed, since this was my FIRST bad experience here.  Hopefully it was a one time occurance, because this place tends to be our company's GO TO restaurant for business lunches.
3	It's a Claim Jumper... decent food and good portions. i'd go back
2	This is the first time I've eaten at Claim Jumper and had a negative experience. Service is always great but they need to take the beef ribs off of the menu. They are uneatable. Not only are the bones the size of dinosaurs bones.. But there is NO meat on them and the little meat that was on them was so tough I almost broke a tooth. I will be back but please decrease the menu items by one. That is all!!
2	I have heard so much about this place, so I finally tried ifor my first time. It did not live up to the hype that was built. It was decent service and decent food, but not worth the price....$12.99 for a half rotisierre chicken. Frys gives you a whole one for $5.99 and it tastes the same. I guess I was paying for the dish soap used to wash the LARGE plates...so large, there was so much space on them. Just saying, if I am going to pay the prices charged there, I expected MUCH better. I still may go, if someone can convince me I ordered the wrong item.
1	First of all, heed my advice and don't come here.In the past, I used to like to take people to Claim Jumper when it was in Scottsdale. The food was always good and we always had a good time. I was sad when this location closed. I thought that the Tempe spot would be good. Wow, how things have changed for the worse!I took my Mom here for Sunday dinner and boy was I embarrassed. My mother ordered a vegetarian stuffed potato (allegedly, one of the menu "favorites"). The potato was obviously reheated in the microwave because it was unevenly cooked and burned in spots. The "roasted vegetables" had cold spots and were needless to say, undercooked. The cheese on the top was melted but wasn't warm. The potato was dry and the toppings just didn't help make it taste good.I ordered meatloaf. I received two small slivers of meatloaf. They were not very warm either. I had the same problem with the "roasted vegetables" that my mother did and my mashed potatoes were ice cold. I told the waitress about the mashed potatoes and she brought me a small plate of mashed potatoes that were clearly over nuked. The best part of the meal was the Diet Coke.Including tip, this meal cost $38.00. Shame on you, Claim Jumper!
3	Apparently they've changed things up in the last few years. All I had heard for years was how huge the portions are, and it just wasn't like that at all.I started out with a Mai Tai - it came in a huge glass, which was a little intimidating, but it was mostly ice, so turned out to be a normal drink. Tasty, nothing extraordinary.I ordered a 12-oz ribeye along with fried mac and cheese. The steak was cooked nicely, had a pretty good flavor. The fried macaroni was pretty interesting. Had a sweet crunch on the outside, and just regular macaroni and cheese inside.For dessert I went with a chocolate chip cookie and ice cream - pretty good, and not a crazy portion.Overall, I liked it, but just don't see a huge draw. I'd probably keep it in the same category as Cheesecake Factory or someplace like that, where I wouldn't make a special trip to go, but wouldn't avoid either.
1	Gone downhill since Landry's bought them.My food tasted like it was rewarmed.I sent my plates back because they were dirty.  I sent my eating utensils back 4 times as each set had food on them.For 10+ years I ate here while traveling and this was always a staple of mine...service and food was bad and I won't eat here again and from the looks of the deserted hughe restaurant everyone else has come to the same conclusion.Avoid.
4	Large portions and very good food.  Don't sit in the dinning room you'll miss out on the happy hr deals!  Last visit I didn't even order off the dinner menu, I got a couple orders of sliders, some onion rings, and some zucinii off the appitiser menu (during happy hour).  THere was more than enough food for two.  What a great deal.
1	I tried really hard to like this place. I can honestly say the waiter was the only redeeming aspect of our meal.We ordered the shrimp brioche - don't bother. They are drowning in BBQ sauce so everything else is pointless.  You could be eating packing styrofoam.Atmosphere - the management let children run crazy through the restaurant and when  I asked the waiter, I was told there was nothing they could do for fear of being fired.  So instead, they poison the experience rather than ask the family to exert control over their children.  Appalling.I ordered the salmon and it was very disappointing.  It was supposed to be cooked in lemon butter and the fish is old. All I tasted was the char on the grill.My colleague ordered the jerk chicken on sweet potato.  Thankfully he asked for the honey on the side.  The chicken was peppered not jerked and peppered to the point of inedibility.The restaurant is a 70's reject in desperate need of updating starting with the nasty menus and the ancient carpeting.
2	Just got back from eating there and thought they were all right, but certainly had better.I ordered a salad to start, the croutons were really good but the rest was swimming, or drowned, in dressing they poured onto my salad.  I figured they would give me the dressing on the side so I didn't think to ask about it, my salad was drenched in honey mustard.I had the Absolut Tortellini which was also drenched in the sauce.  What I didn't like about it, which I wish they mentioned in their menu was that it is loaded with onions.  I like onions but that was way too much, I couldn't even finish it.  The lemon cake and the strawberry lemonade were the only things I really liked.Our server was friendly and nice but the waitress on the opposite side of our booth that served the customers next to us, kept blabbing on and on about her life, which was annoying, I wouldn't be surprised if the customers were annoyed too; they kept trying to order but she would keep on talking.Probably will come back once a year, wasn't very exciting to me at all.
2	The menu has a lot of variety and the food was pretty good.  We arrived later on a Sunday night (7:30ish), the place wasn't too busy maybe 1/2 full but it took 30+ minutes from the time we ordered until we received our food.
4	My wife and I are traveling across the country and have had some pretty poor service. Tonight at Claim Jumpers was by far the best we've had in a long time. Our waiter was Joshua and he was awesome. He took our order quickly and was very attentive without hovering and making us feel awkward. He made sure we had everything we needed and came back often to make sure we were doing ok. If we weren't in a hurry to get back on the road I would've stopped and talked to the manager to let him know how great a job he did.  Thanks for the great meal!!
1	Here's a restaurant that has absolutely ZERO control over their kitchen and their wait staff. I'm highly allergic to eggs, so when I order something I always request that they check with the chef first to ensure I'll be safe. I ordered one of their Widow Maker burgers during happy hour and twice asked the waiter about the egg issue. He assured me it was fine. When it came, it had a sauce that looked suspiciously like mayonnaise. When he went back to the kitchen, he must have asked the dish washer about the eggs, because he came back and said "All OK" and I dove in. Within three minutes, I was in the restroom choking. It was LOADED with eggs. When you are in business to serve people food and you can't get your kitchen to prepare something without eggs, that's a sad state of affairs. The boss was called over, a guy named Paul, and he basically did nothing. We left with a $20 bill and sick as a dog. The food my partner had was served luke warm and was marginal at best. This is not a quality establishment, for sure!
3	Food was good. Service was minimal.
5	Super creative adult beverages.  Loved everything about it, I always try something different and have never been disappointed.  Get the grilled artichoke and chicken fried steak.  favorites.
4	So out of the blue our Boss who was celebrating a birthday along with two other coworkers within the same week says were all going out to lunch, he didn't get any arguements from me! I figured it would be one of are usual spots, but to my surprise he said  we were going to Claim Jumpers.From the moment were walked in we were quickly greated by the hostest with the mostest, he was funny & friendly and laughed at my inability to count to 4.Mike our waiter was friendly, and took great care of our table. I ordered their infamous pot pie and was not disappointed. It was way too much food but tasted so good it was difficult to resist pushing myself into a food coma. I snuck by the counter and quietly mentioned it was a three people bday lunch and before crazy birthday surprises could commence my team decided it was time to go. Before we could get out the door the hostess with the mostest and waiter were bagging up baked birthday to go treats. Great customer service goes a long way.... thanks for helping us celebrate! We'll definitely be back!
1	Wait for the food for long time and it was greasy not good
1	Really wish I would've gone across the street to Waffle House....I used to eat here quite often back in 2010 when my friend bartended and was always impressed with my food. That was not the case today. My soup was ok, but failed to come with bread or even crackers like it used to, and for $7 that's ridiculous. I ordered the tri-tip sliders and yes, I realize they were only $4 for Happy Hour, but even for free they would be gross. Initially they came totally wrong and cold, and then the right ones had soggy buns that were drowned in garlic spread. Glad there were only 2. That's all my stomach could have withstood. My girl had the Cobb sandwich that was just "meh", with lukewarm fries. Our waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled, but that was the only good thing really. I would avoid this place for sure.
4	Big hit!  We were welcomed at 5:45pm and were offered a great booth.  The welcome was as warm as the weather - warm and breezy.  The extensive menu was a small challenge, after asking the waitress about smaller servings we settled on one order of a small rack of baby pork ribs and one order of shrimp and tilapia.  Drinks arrived as did ice water with lemon.  We watched huge servings drift by as we waited.  Our order was prompt and looked great.  Both meals were delicious.  Great presentation followed by great taste.  The atmosphere was lively without being too noisy.  The tried the share one order of carrot cake but we were too full to complete it.  The bill was fine for popular-level restaurant with no alcohol.  All in all, a satisfying experience and recommended.
1	Disappointing meal here tonight, had a seafood platter. Fish and shrimp were fried in semi-rancid oil. You have to change your oil occasionally! Also nothing to dry your hands in mens room - no air dryer, paper towel was completely out. I expect waaay more for the prices you pay here.
5	YUM! Went here around 10 after seeing a movie. I haven't been here for a few years and it was my boyfriends first time. It was still as good as I remembered!Our server was really great. He recommended some things off of the menu that we decided to try. We ordered the spinach dip, tenderloin tips, and baby back ribs. Everything was awesome. The tenderloin was perfectly tender, ribs had a great sauce, and even the French fries had tons of flavor. Will definitely be returning for more!
5	This was my first time to go to Claim Jumper, and after hearing all the hype from my friends and girlfriend, I decided to finally go. They seated is promptly, it was 10 at night so not busy. For the appetizer we got spinach artichoke dip, which was amazing! The chips were warm and it tasted awesome! For main course our server recommended the tenderloin tips. So we ordered that and the baby back beef ribs. The tenderloin was cooked perfectly and it was on a bed of mashed potatoes! That was awesome! The vegies that came with it were covers in butter, so I liked them! The ribs had a great sauce with them and tasted good, but would try their chicken instead next time. All in all, great food, service and atmosphere! Will be back soon an want to try a desert next time!
4	Great happy hour! Love the tacos! The pretzels and cheese are also good.  I am in a deep like with the fried macaroni and cheese as well...
4	A place that I would like to frequent more than I have. The food is very good but the portions are so large that I feel I need to bring my family to make it whorthwhile. Everything is jumbo sized as if it were being served to Paul Bunyan. I usually enjoy their clam chowder and still think it is one of the best I've ever had. I also enjoy having their slab of ribs. And to wash it down, get from friends to share the mother lode chocolate cake. You may feel like you have succumbed to gluttony, which is why we only come here every so often. If we came every week I literally would be the size of Paul Bunyan.
2	I only gave them two stars because they had the game on. Other than that this place is gross! I ordered a simple chicken tortilla soup and it was cold. I also order a glass of wine...UHG not cool. I have to admit the wine was cool but that wine glass was dingy and disgusting-.- the silver ware look like it had been through World War II . The waitress act like she had an attitude if we had a question. Not liking this place. This is the first time and definitely the last. Oh please STAY AWAY FROM THE SHRIMP AVOCADO SALASA... my mother got sick right after she ate it....
5	Great food! Great service! Comfortable environment. Ask for Mary to be your server...she is real good. Also, the Manager Austin was very thorough in asking each table how everything was. I eat here often for quick work lunches. I'd only add that the serving sizes are big, so split the plate.
5	Great food I love the coconut shrimp. The menu has a huge selection which you can enjoy for a month without eating the same thing.
1	I haven't been to Claim Jumpers for several years. It was my moms birthday and she decided to give it a shot again bc we hadn't visited in such a long time. We had a fairly large party (8 plus 2 kids). We made reservations for 5:45 and didn't get seated until 6:15. The food wasn't anything to brag about either. I got the "infamous" pot pie. The frozen Marie Calendar pot pies you buy at the grocery store are way better. My sister got the tenderloin tips. She had 3 pieces of meat and LOTS of mashed potatoes and onions. And those 3 pieces of meat she had weren't even good :/. It was very expensive too. I would have given this place 0 stars if I could have. I won't ever be returning.
5	Great food and great staff!  Service was fast and constant.  Prices are reasonable for the portions.  Love this place and will be going back!
3	Just tried to eat the tenderloin tips tasted more like sirlion...3 pieces. ..very tuff...server very nice and offered another...was already full on mashed potatoes. ..server very nice and comped my dish..my husband had the country salad and said it was very good....I'm in Tempe for 2 weeks I will give it another shot.
4	Excellent meals for all four of us. The service was friendly and prompt. Salads were fresh and very tasty.
1	Took forever to get my food. Approximately 45 minutes for just a Kids Pizza and A Burger... I definitely would not recommend this location. And the manager's are so tacky... Never again...
1	Everything about this place is gross. First of all, the hostess called our name and then started walking then FORGOT where were suppose to sit. Making us stand right in the middle of the restaurant. I got the ribeye steak and it was tender, juicy, and cooked well (NOT!!!) it was so hard and warm (more on the cold side). Close your eyes and imagine a hard piece of cardboard and some white slimy stuff. That's what was flopping on my plate. The salad tasted warm and not fresh. This place should shut down so we can put up a Houston's.
2	We've been to CJ's many time but the one reason to come here is for their Motherlode Chocolate cake. Anyways, we decided to come here again. We had to wait a good 30 minutes for our table. Our hostess finally called our name and brought us in the middle of the dining room and just left us there because she forgot what table. We stood there for a good minute waiting. Can you say awkward. Finally got our table and our server was pretty prompt in taking care of us. We didn't order any appetizers cause we know the portions are huge. I ordered the chicken fried steak. Like I said it was huge but the only problem is that there wasn't enough gravy. Little dry and lots of breading. I wasn't too impressed. My wife had the fish and chips. The fish was pretty good. Crispy and tender. My son had a salad with his dinner but the salad looked really limp. So overall, the food was very disappointing. To top it off, we were so full and unimpressed that we didn't even order the Motherlode Chocolate cake. Now that's disappointing. I would have to say the service was pretty good but the food is what made our experience disappointing. We'll have to see if we come back or not.
3	They did something different to the zuchinni which isnt as good as it used to be but not bad on the happy hour menu.  Hubby upset they took his fav newcastle off tap.
4	Overall the food is pretty good. Worth going back. Flavorful and moist. I've been here multiple times and it's consistent. I think being consistent is one of the most important attributes of a restaurant. You can't have a great time one time and not the other. This place is better than good but don't go in with the expectation of great.
4	Yum
1	1  star, 1/2 for friendly but forgettable service, and 1/2 for the skinny fries. Unfortunately the rest was not so good.  The meal, cheeseburger, fries and a diet coke.  Can it be any simpler? This was a late lunch for me, there was Hardly anyone in the place, the cook had plenty of time to get it right.  The fries were tasty and crispy and just the right a out of salt.  At first look, the burger looked like something you get off of a value meal at a fast food joint.  There 2 tiny slices of tomatoes, and I mean pickle slice size tiny,  1 leaf of lettuce that looked limp and paper thin. The beef patty was black in color, with the texture of a charcoal.  Being a late lunch I was so hungry, I wasn't about to send food back, which you never how it would come back. I crunched my way through the burger, paid my 16.00 dollars for a burger I'm sure would have been better right across the street at Carl's Jr., and left not hungry anymore, but not satisfied for sure.
5	My experience here today I rate as 5 star. Friendly and accommodating server. Calamari served hot, tender, and lightly dusted with breading. Iced tea refreshing. Fish and shrimp platter ginormous and perfectly prepared. They have a huge menu with an array of selections. I recommend Claim Jumper.
5	Great food and service!! I can't get enough of the steak chili! our server was always smiling and my beer was always full! she never forgot anything and didn't even flinch when she was asked for chop sticks by our sugar buzzed teenager!!
1	Dirty and disgusting. The cups were dirty and they ran out of napkins. The food was terrible. Tasted old and reheated. Nothing good about this place. Although service was slow and incompetent I must say everyone was nice. But for what you are paying you can get much better food else where.
5	This is a great restaurant chain, the food is consistently amazing and the service is very good, once you get seated.  One thing to keep in mind with regards to eating here, there is always a line up and you will have to patience to get a good seat.That said, the menu is very large so everyone should find something they like and they do mind making changes to the orders to account for any particular needs.  The only other thing that you should know is come hungry because the portions are generally very large.
5	I ate at Claim Jumper's on Wednesday and got a great turkey sandwich on gluten free bun (btw their GF buns are great, and they really grill veggies wonderfully). I ordered a full rack of beef ribs to go, but Thursday night at home opened the box and saw it was pork ribs.  I don't eat pork so called the restaurant and spoke to Chris, the manager. He was TERRIFIC!  Made an order of beef ribs I went and picked up no charge.  That's wonderful customer service and the food is also very good.
4	While visiting from out of town, my sisters took me here for my birthday dinner. I had the BBQ Salad (vegetarian - make sure you tell them vegetarian or you'll get chicken). It was delicious! When my sister told our server that it was my birthday, she said they would bring out a Red Velvet cupcake after my meal. She did, with a lit candle. Nice touch. Thanks!
5	My review is mostly based on the service we got from Drew. We called ahead to let them know we had a large party and would have 13 guests.Well we were in town for the Automatic Body homecoming so word got out that Claim Jumpers was the place for dinner.Our dinner party ending up growing to not only need the large table setup for our group but other booths in the surrounding area.Drew was very attentive and was able to get drinks and food out in a timely manner. You wouldn't have known we were in a large party.Almost everyone was pleased with their food.We had one steak that wasn't cooked correctly. As soon as Drew came around and saw the steak he says that isn't right and immediately had the cook prepare another one. They had a replacement steak out in about 12 minutes. Was told it was amazing.Overall Claim Jumpers pulled off a great dinner for such a large group.Drew did a great job giving out separate tabs and getting them all accurate.
1	Where to start?  Went here for dinner with some friends.  There were 14 of us total, so we did get to sit in a private room, which was nice.  The server was okay, but must say, was keener on the men then the women, first mistake.  Ordered our dinners when everyone arrived, and the dinners did all come at the same time, which was a plus.  I ordered the chopped steak.  Chopped steak=giant hamburger patty.  Just need to clear that part up before I go on.  A well used NHL hockey puck would have been cooked less than the piece of meat I received.  I did send it back, asked for medium, and it was still verging on hockey puck.  I ate it any way. The burger I had at Red Robin a few days later was much better!) Second and third mistake.  My husband got the fish tacos, which he really enjoyed, so that is one good thing.  Since we had a large party,  each couple paid their bill,  Claim Jumper felt the need to tax on what they felt the gratuity should be.  On the receipt, the word, "If agreeable", appear.  We did not agree with the 18% gratuity, and paid less, but Claim Jumper charged our card with the suggested gratuity plus what my husband and I agreed upon.  Had to set this straight with my bank.  Not a happy camper with that one, and I somehow knew there was going to be an issue with the tab.  Not a good experience, and I don't think I will return any time soon.  Don't waste your time and money.
2	My family and I were here staying at a near by Hotel and decided to go here, plus it was my husbands birthday. We got right in for a Saturday night. We ordered the sampler appetizer. This had no flavor. It was so bland. Then my husband ordered the chicken and broccoli pasta. He couldn't even eat it, it was so bland. No spices, no taste. I tried it and I couldn't even eat it. We sent it back. I got the top sirloin and it was basically a piece of fat that had been grilled. The kids didn't even eat their food. (One had chicken fried steak and the other kid ribs) I felt so bad for my husband because he had a terrible birthday dinner meal. We ended up paying our bill, and getting snacks afterwards to compensate. The service was good, but not attentive. We will not ever visit another Claim Jumper again.
4	We were immediately greeted by a very friendly young lady who was able to seat us immediately.  Our server Drew was fabulous!  He was knowledgeable about the menu, willing to answer as many questions as we had, and quite friendly.  He checked in with us multiple times without being overbearing and kept our drinks filled.  The food was pretty good.  It's been many years since we've been here and I'm happy to say I think they've gotten better with time.  Portions are still generous and most of our meal was cooked to perfection.
5	Let's just say, when you have good food, good service, and good atmosphere, you have a great experience!Shout out to Marcie, our waitress! She was awesome, and very friendly. Top notch in my books!
5	If you like Calamari you MUST try it! Hands down the best I have ever had -- and I order it a lot !! We have been here twice and both times we had excellent food and service! Large portions for dinner menu. My husband and I split one entree this time.
4	Get the widomaker burger!
5	We ate here a few times while visiting Phoenix. We always had great service and the food is always good. The portions are large, so you are able to share. The Drunken Chicken was excellent! The bread is warm and yummy. we tried the Motherlode Cake and it was enough for 6-8 people. Also, so good! We will visit again!
3	You had me at 24oz drafts for the price of a NYC pint.Claim Jumper is your average American diner type restaurant, but they will one-up the competition with the fresh bread they serve before the meal.
5	Everytime I go to claim jumper it's with my boyfriend and we've always had a great time there and are very pleased with our food. Deep dish pizzas, shrimp pastas, cheese burger with all of the toppings. Ya everything's awesome every single time.
2	My husband and I have been eating here for years and have never been disappointed till recently. This past weekend we had the worst service, out server was short and rude. We had to wait forever for refills and had to ask multiply times for sides of ranch etc. She only had three tables I'm not sure what the hold up was it took 20 mins to get our check. We also ordered a few happy hour items and the portions where not the claim jumpers normal standards. Very disappointed, I'm not sure we'll be back.
3	Not bad. Not the best. Had chicken fried steak. Was ok. Nothing special. Shrimp wrapped in bacon with cream cheese was the best.
4	I walked in here with my girlfriend and are from out of town. We were greeted with insanely nice service. Every single person I engaged with was extremely friendly. The food was, of course, huge in proportion  I enjoyed everything I ate. The bread, the French onion soup, salad, quesadilla, and chicken pot pie. We didn't get to finish because the portions were so big but left very satisfied. Great job guys. Whoever is managing is on it at this time of day.
2	We arrived about an hour and half before close on a Saturday evening. The waiter was friendly and attentive. The food was horrible. The steak was supposed to be cooked medium but when I chewed it I felt like I was eating bubble gum. The baked potato wasn't cooked either and the fried shrimp tasted like the way were pulled from the freezer out of the bottom of bag. I let the waiter know. He was cool and got the manager. The manager asked if I was still hungry. I said no. Then he offered me a slice of their chocolate cake. Sure, why not? My appetite was gone so I paid my overpriced horribly cooked meal took my slice of chocolate cake home with me and called it a night. Big disappointment.
5	I just want to say what a wonderful experience we just had at Claim Jumper. As US Navy veterans we decided to take them up on their special veterans day meal and it was excellent.  We both had blackened Atlantic salmon, which was yummy.  Their CJ Red Ale was a tasty accompaniment.  We just had to pay for the beer and thanks to anonymous donor,  our beers were also complimentary. Thank you so much Claim Jumper for doing this.  It really made our day. And our waitress Desiree was the best. Considering that it was just her and one other waitress,  and it was packed with Vets, she had a great attitude.
3	I have been here several times and the customer service is always great. The food is large portions however, most of the dishes I only love a few of the items including the chicken pot pie, chocolate cake and red velvet cupcake. The happy hour menu during football games it is a pretty good value especially the widow maker burger for five dollars.
4	Went in for the Veterans Day special. Waited over 1.5 hours to be seated (pretty sure someone else claimed our name as we were waiting outside), but we knew we'd have to wait. Service was outstanding - kind and quick. The mozzarella sticks were delicious (some of the best I've had). All our dinners were tasty. My only negative was price. It was way too expensive of a place to frequent - maybe will return for a special occasion. Nice "homey" decor as well.
3	Great service!!! Very friendly. The food is decent. Can't say I loved it. Wasn't bad. My food came out coldish. Felt warm in some spots and cold in others like it had been microwaved. They say it wasn't. But they brought me out a nice hot dish right away. The portions are huge. Even the kids meals are big enough for an adult. Everyone else I was with enjoyed their meals. I would go back. I don't think I will sit around craving their food or would tell people all about it though. Very pricey.
4	This place is always great! The service is good and the food is as well.  I have eaten here a number of times and I have always been pleased.  The last time that I had the pleasure of enjoying dinner here I was just a tad bit disappointed only because they had switched to a different type of bread (although it was good too) besides the one that they use to serve with marinara sauce. Other than that, I will always return here!
5	Received excellent customer service tonight(our previous visit, the waiter wasn't too friendly)...This visit, our waiter went above and beyond..I had mentioned that my daughter was planning on getting the apple cobbler, but ended up not having any room. He surprised us with an order of it packaged to-go....super sweet of him! Thank You!
2	We used to really like this place. I generally would go for the same dish- the black tie chicken pasta. We went last night though and it was not at all good.  I always get the chicken on the side, and they didn't bring it with my meal, so they had to go back to the kitchen and brought it about 5 minutes later.   They maybe give you a scant 1/4 cup of chicken now, and it is not by any means blackened. It tastes either pre cooked or boiled and their 'blackened' seasoning tastes like oregano and (maybe- if any) black pepper.  It was pretty awful. The pasta was a little greasy and bland on its own. My boyfriend had the tri-tip.  It was alright but nothing special, it was also served a little cold do he was disappointed about that.They used to do a really good job with their food, its too bad their prices went up and the quality went down.
