4	Great portions. Great pricing. Great variety. Great service. A little low on atmosphere. All that said, if you like very good sushi at a reasonable price, this is your place in the Guy/Concordia area. Don't let the ordinary appearance dissuade you.
5	Very good sushi! Good price for the quantity and quality. The service is great and the restaurant has a nice cozy feel to it. This is by far my favorite sushi place in Montreal.
3	I had sushi for the first time this past Saturday, so I am by no means a sushi "connoisseur"; however, when it comes to food, I know what I like and I know what I don't like. The sushi at Sushi 7, I like. I happened upon it while looking for a decent sushi place near work, and read the reviews and thought it would be a safe bet. Because I only have one other place to compare it to, it gets an average A-OK from me (perhaps to change once I refine my palette). This place is very unassuming, and when I walked in, I questioned whether I'd be able to sit down or if I would have to take out. The "dining area" is adjacent to the cash and kitchen area, offering seating from about 15(ish) people. I found the menu a tad confusing, as there is a placemat with a menu on it (not explaining what kind of sushi or maki rolls you get) or a folded menu. I played it safe and ordered from the folded menu (although it ended up being a tad more expensive that had I ordered from the placemat menu). I ordered one California roll and one Kamikaze salmon roll. I enjoyed both; ingredients tasted light and fresh and I look forward to trying more from there menu!
4	Great fresh sushi! It's a small an cozy place to go. It's quite, clean and calm. The chef (and owner) does amazing sushi! never had a bad experience.Also, the price is right! you will not over pay for your sushi like other place. You'll get good portion and again, it's all fresh.
4	I really like this place.  REALLY like it.LOCATION: A little north of Guy Concordia metro (the exit/entrance on St. Mathieu, not the one on Rue Guy). It's hidden to the right-hand side of the street, at the corner. Look up.ATMOSPHERE: It's like a mom and pop sushi shop. They're Korean, which for me is a step up from Chinese because they don't tend to skimp / use the cheapest cuts to make a meal like in many other Chinese-run Japanese sushi shops. It's very tiny with maybe about 10 tables in total at the back. There are also stairs, so if you have a stroller or something, forget it.Very clean, too, which is something I look for.QUALITY: It's OK sushi. I wouldn't say it's high-end sushi grade fish but it is not bad, and pretty decent quality (fresh) for the price.It was also pre-cut slices of fish.. so don't expect to see a block of it and someone slicing it to order.PRICE: Very VERY reasonable. I paid about $15 for a chirashi bowl that had 2 pieces of:SalmonTunaEelClamWhite FishShrimpSquidScallop (!!!!!!!!) I LOVE raw, fresh scallop. So sweet and delicious.And a good dollop of seaweed salad (wakame salad).... but there wasn't enough rice. I will order an extra bowl of rice next time.That is a LOT of raw seafood for the price considering that most places tend to put egg and fake crab on there to bring the costs down. I was very pleasantly surprised to get scallop in there (my FAVOURITE raw seafood to eat) considering the price.I also got the Kalbi meal which is short rib and found it disgustingly sweet. I don't think that's what the ribs are supposed to be like, but that's what I got. He really went heavy on the teriyaki sauce and.. blearrrgh it ruined my delicious chirashi meal. I should have just stuck to sushi.To top it off, he also gave me a snack pack of Seaweed Snax (OMG SO GOOD) I love toasted seaweed so this is a bonus.I'm taking off a star for these reasons:The Kalbi was awful. Being that he is Korean I was surprised it was so awful. Meat was too thin, overcooked, oversauced, too sweet and too salty all at the same time. A real waste of $16. I should have gotten a second chirashi bowl or more rice.Service is slow but that's to be expected because it was ONE GUY cooking, running the till and serving customers... Hire someone else, please!!!I wasn't a fan of that weird mayonnaise and crab piece dollop mixture that was in the chirashi bowl. I am going to ask them to not give that to me the next time and give me more seaweed salad or something.The rolls and maki combos sounded awful.. I hate it when they add tempura flakes in there, mayonnaise, or fake crab. If I see ANY of those 3 items in a roll I refuse to order / eat it, because it's just.. yuck. Totally disgusting.He forgot my miso soup :( I don't know if he forgot to put it in the bowl OR he gave me the Seaweed Snax pack instead of the soup.. but either way, I wanted the soup and didn't get it.Overall I WILL BE BACK. I am so pleased to have found a decent quality (note: NOT high end sushi) for the price, and I am salivating over eating some more raw scallop.
