4	They just opened up over Christmas. Carne Asada Burrito's just OK but the red, green sauce was awesome. Since this was our first time here we tried the puff pasties; pumpkin and apple. WOW! light fresh and tasty. It brought back childhood memories of the Hot Apple Pie at Mc Donald's, you know, when they used real apples. Give this place a try. Great group of workers....friendly and neighborly.
5	When I learned that PHX Burrito House was owned by the same folks that own El Sol Bakery and El Zocalo in Chandler I had to get over there to see if the breakfast burritos were as good. They are. We were frequent customers when we lived in the East Valley. Looking forward to trying the fish tacos at lunch.
5	First time here but not my first experience with a breakfast burrito. First of all, the place has been cleaned up and and looks clean and nice. Second, the staff is super friendly in a neighborhood shop kind of way. Third, the tortilla was super fresh and the eggs and potato burrito was delicious. It tasted like my mom made it at home. I'll definitely be going back and recommending others too.
5	Trying to find locally owner shops for lunch when you work odd days and hours isn't easy, with that being said, this place was an amazing find. The place is really clean and inviting. The staff was super friendly and service was good. I had the shrimp burrito and it was AMAZING. My coworkers had breakfast burritos in the middle of the afternoon and lived then. Needless to say, this place was great and is now in the rotation of regular places for lunch.
5	Fresh food! They have awesome veggie burritos! Cute decor! Staff is friendly and accommodating to vegetarians.
5	I've been driving by PHX Burrito House since it opened, and thought I'd finally stop in after a friend raved about it.  My friend was totally right.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, so I got to talk with one of the owners a bit.  I learned that they own El Sol and El Zocalo in Chandler.  I'd been to both of those places before and really liked them.  I got a carne asada burrito.  The meat was prepared properly and had a good flavor to it.  The owner gave me a sample of some of the chips and salsa, which were very good.  My favorite part about the burrito though was the tortilla.  It had a perfect texture and thickness to it.  The owner told me they make them all right there at the restaurant.  They had a good selection of breakfast burrito offerings too.  So....I came back the next morning.  I had the bacon breakfast burrito and I can honestly say it's the best I've ever had.  The flavor was tremendous, and again, I just can't get over how good their tortillas are.Great place.  Extremely friendly owners.  Fantastic torillas. Check it out.
5	I'm not a vegetarian by any means, but I got the veggie breakfast burrito on Saturday, and it was amazing--especially for $4! Very filling and full of all kinds of vegetables--not just onions and the cheap stuff. I had a red-chile pork burrito here several weeks ago, and it also was perfect. I love this place and can't wait to go back! The staff all are very friendly, too.
5	Great local joint albeit a little easy to drive past since it is set back from the street edge.  I thoroughly enjoyed the fish tacos.
5	Best Burritos and homemade salsa ever!  The restaurant is new and clean.  A pleasure to eat there and chat with the owners.  Our favorite meal during our entire week long trip to Arizona.  There was no visible sign on the building, so it was a little tricky to find.  Look for the street sign and sandwich board.
5	Great service great food!  This was a nice little find. I had the fish tacos and they were great.  This is a small "hole in the wall" place, but very clean and great service.  I'll be back.
1	Stopped by on a Saturday for breakfast burritos to go.  We purchased one sausage, potato, egg, and cheese burrito, and one bacon, potato, egg, and cheese burrito.  The place was clean and the restaurant was completely empty except for my brother and I.  We received the burritos, but had to ask for salsa.   We both experienced the same thing with the first bite...very undercooked, skin-on potatoes.  Hoping it was an anomaly, we continued on.  The potatoes seemed to get progressively more and more raw.  Both of us were forced to unwrap and remove all potatoes.  Considering the fact that these potatoes took up at least half of the burrito, we were not happy.  The sausage was average, the eggs were cooked fine, the bacon was low grade with almost no flavor (on par with McDonalds), and the tortillas were good.  The salsas were fine, but not memorable by any means.   Was completely unimpressed.  Undercooked potatoes is a mistake, skins still on the potatoes is unacceptable.
5	They have a sign outside that says "Indian fry bread" but don't be confused you have the right place. A friend and I came in this afternoon and the owner took our order --super friendly and welcoming -- over all great customer service. The food was great (I ordered a crane asada quesadilla, guac included!!). The place is very clean.It's a great alternative to the gajsbg(bertos) across the street, I would definitely come in any time!
5	Already addicted (2nd time here within a week). Tonight I got the Carne asada quesadilla.....it is soooo good. Meat is marinated perfectly. It comes with quac and sour cream. My kid got a bean burrito....didn't like it bc he's a cry baby and only likes refried.... The owner saw my kid not eating and came over.... He asked if he wanted something else.... Then offered to make refried beans..... He went above and beyond!!! My kid was happy after that and enjoyed his burrito. Yummy beans. I love the decor, really simple with "Loteria" artwork on the walls... Love it! We will definitely be back.
4	I had a shrimp burrito.  You know what I liked about it?It was simple.  No special sauce.  No fancy take on a classic.  Just some good grilled shrimp with minimal seasoning, fresh lettuce, tomato, and avocado.  Good tortilla too!I dig the crazy concoctions and re-imaginings as much as the next gal, but when simple is done right you are reminded how good it is.
4	I've gone twice and had the green chili burrito -- I have dreams about this burrito. My boyfriend has tried the carnitas (which is not shredded) and chicken. He said the chicken was great but wished the carnitas was shredded. This is a going to become a go-to place for us! Con: I wish the restaurant actually had morning hours so I could get the breakfast burrito for breakfast!
5	This is by far the best Mexican food I've ever had in Phoenix. The service was excellent very nice guy owner was there welcomed us personally, helped us order. The food was 10 out of 10 burrito was perfect perfect combination of meat and beans and rice. After eating felt great.
5	This place is great! I can't get over how delicious the tortillas are. Most people think of a burrito and think of all the things that go in it but the secret to a great burrito is the flour tortillas. This place nailed it. Next time you order a burrito stop and smell the great smell of their hand made flour tortillas!
4	Exceptional food. Great flavor, good prices and the cuisine is ' simply' good.  Can't wait to try the grilled fish tacos next time.
5	This was amazing. Oddly, it was far down the list on my mobile app, but I'll be forever grateful that I ran mutt search through the full site. There a few food items I've come across in my travels that I'll chase for my life: California figs, Belgian fries and now, Phoenix burritos. Ate the house special breakfast burrito,  awesome filings but the star of the meal was undoubtedly the actual tortilla.  Wow.  Excellent value and well worth the research!
4	YUM YUM YUM. I picked up a couple of breakfast burritos here last week and was very impressed. The man at the counter was very nice and the place is quaint. The decor is new age Mexican and very cozy. The food is DELICIOUS and the prices are right. Overall, I'm happy I finally made it to PHX Burrito House. I'll most definitely be back!
5	My friend had the green Chile burito he said it was really good. I was going to have the same but the green chicken parole got me. It was excellent.  Also the chips are homemade and the salsa tasty.
4	We were in Phoenix from Kansas City on business and drove a little out of the way to try their burritos. We were not disappointed! I had the fish tacos and the tortillas were so fresh. Also the salsa and chips (a little dark which I love). We drank Orange Fanta and Mexican Coke out of the bottle. The place was clean and bright and the staff very friendly. We will be back.
5	HOLY MOLY this place is amazing. Loved the fresh salsa and chips. The tortillas were fresh, and the carnitas. OOOOOOO the carnitas!! It's heaven by the mouthful. We tried the carnitas burrito and the fish tacos. Both brilliantly delicious. We will be coming back time and time again.
5	When I read that these owners also own El Zocalo in Chandler, I was super excited to try what they had to offer.   I love that they serve breakfast burritos all day.  We are always looking for a good breakfast burrito, and we found it here.  It has huge chunks of potato, egg, and either bacon, sausage or chorizo.  The salsa they serve here is absolutely transcendent.  I could eat that stuff like soup!  It's spiciness hits you after a few bites and slaps you in the face!  My hubby and I were both sniffing through the whole meal due to the salsa clearing out or sinuses, but neither of us could stop eating it.  The tortillas are just as good as Carolina's, but a little bit thicker, which seems to keep the burritos from tearing as easily.  Next time, I'm ordering the shrimp burrito because it looks like a winner as well!
5	I eat here at least once a week! Carne Asada tacos my go to every time! Today I had the chicken tacos again another great meal! The red amd green salas are the BEST! I dont jnow what they use to marinade their meat and chicken but its got great flavor! David and Daniel are always very attentive and take the time to get to know customers!
5	Love their fresh tortillas and Mexican food! The restaurant has a cozy, modern interior, and the prices are great. Love the chicken burrito with salsa.
5	If you are looking for a delicious burrito, go no further! My husband and I are huge fans and eat here weekly.  The carne asada burrito is my go to choice. The ingredients are fresh and the tortillas are made in house. I highly recomend the salsa/chips and horchata, if you are looking for a little something extra. We always get friendly service and the building is well kept and cutely decorated.
4	Great Food, fresh and tasty!! Not just another Burrito! Family owned and run I really enjoy the experience of Burrito House. My wife and I love it!
5	Love this place! So far everything I've tried here is amazing. I've tried the shredded beef, chorizo, and shrimp burritos. Such great flavor with every one. Chips and salsa are very tasty as well. One great thing about this place is that everything is so fresh. They have some of the best tortillas! (I tend to be picky when it comes to the them. I hate when burritos taste like they use a Taco Bell tortilla.) The shredded beef is so incredibly flavorful. I notice that at other places it tends to be dry but it's so juicy at PHX Burrito House. I can't wait to try every burrito on the menu.
5	Hands down the best burrito in AZ. I have been search for years and I finally found the place.
5	Simply delicious. But what would expect with fresh ingredients. I loved the "Special Import" Pepsi from Mexico. Its been to long since I've had Pepsi from a glass bottle. I will definitely be coming back here and letting everyone know about it.
5	Went with a group of 4 hungry dudes,  and they were all more than satisfied. Steak quesadilla,  pork carnitas and pork with green chili all got five star ratings from the table. Chips and salsa were great as well,  and affordable. 9bucks for a quesadilla and a drink. Great little spot,  clean and compfy,  with friendly guys working. Check it out!
4	Extremely nice people who operate this business, particularly "Dan" who runs the front of the restaurant.Due to a slight difficulty one day, Dan offered me a free water (due to the heat) and 50% off my next burrito.This is great customer service.  I didn't even ask or expect this level of compensation.  It simply appeared to be a natural or automatic response to a small customer inconvenience.The interior is clean and simple, with ample room for dining.I have been here a few times now and can safely say that I am a fan.Their "special" carne asada burrito is nicely flavored and has a multitude of little, succulent pieces of properly prepared steak.I also enjoyed the breakfast burrito, which consists of eggs, potatoes, cheese, and choice of meat.While not the best I have ever had, they certainly keep me returning for more.Overall, PHX Burrito House should be applauded for having outstanding customer service and their ability to make a damn good burrito.
5	Excellent. The store looks like a small hole in the wall when you come in. The inside is very nice and clean. The bathrooms are clean. The menu is on the wall which is neat. It is also on a pamphlet.After ordering I asked for chips and water. The owner brought out a BIG pitcher of ice cold water with ice in it. The salsa he brought out was delicious...and SPICY. The chips were fresh, home made and very crispy. I have not had chips this good in my life. The burrito came out shortly after the chips. The burrito was stuffed with meat. The burrito had beans in it also. There is also cheese in the burrito. It was very satisfying. It was even more delicious!! And it was super filling!I am very happy I chose this establishment and want to come back soon!Thanks for reading
5	Easily the best Mexican food in Phoenix. There literally isn't a bad item on the menu!
5	We got: Chicken burritoMeat style burrito but with no meat in itShrimp burrito, add black beans and riceBoth the green and red salsas that came with our order were delicious. Perfectly done.The tortillas were out of this world fresh, fluffy, heavenly. I could eat the tortilla plain and be happy. All the burritos were delicious, I tasted them all. The shrimp burrito was what I  ate and I couldn't put it down, I inhaled the whole thing. Mexican coke with real sugar in it was the icing on the cake. We ordered take out over the phone and they got the order perfect.I also want to note that although the burritos were very filling, they were not greasy at all, just perfectly cooked like a healthy meal you'd make at home for your family, but they wouldn't know that it's healthy by how amazing they tasted. When I was craving burritos earlier in the day, I had never been to this place before, but they tasted exactly like my imaginary burrito tasted. I'll definitely be back. The man working in the kitchen was very kind and seems like an awesome  human being.
2	Lovely little place and friendly staff.  I fully intend to go back, as my review revolves around only the shrimp burrito, which was decent but lacked substance.  Dry, too much cabbage and not filling enough for a hungry guy.  I am looking forward to hammering down a breakfast burrito next and hope that it scores better than the previous mentioned.
5	Great quality ingredients, cheap prices. The veggie mix is awesome. Squash bell peppers and onions all marinated in something delicious!
5	So good.  Talk about skrimps!!! The shrimp burrito was delish! This place has a Mexican bingo (Loteria)  feel that will keep you wanting more.  MmmmAlso had some chicken blk bean burrito ... Perfect Saturday delight.
5	The restaurant is clean and bright and each time I have been the staff have been more than welcoming. They engage in conversation with you and genuinely seem happy that you came.I've been three times now, and had different items each time. Everything is great! The fish tacos, the shrimp burrito, the steak tacos, the breakfast tacos, everything! The tortillas had a great texture and flavour. Loved the cartinas!You should go check it out!
4	Stopped in for lunch and had a beef with red chili sauce burrito, which was great and flavorful. You need a knife and fork to tackle these burritos, packed full of goodness and fresh ingredients! I'll be back again to try some more items, staff was friendly and accommodating, parking and dining spaces are a bit slim, but grab your order to go, its all good!
5	Awesome joint! I had the carnitas burrito and it did not disappoint. It had a crispy texture to it that was flavorful. I'm not sure if they're suppose to hand out chips and salsa but I had asked if they had a house salsa of some sort, mind you i only wanted the salsa but it seems like the owner brought out chips and salsa, on the house. Which i thought was a nice gesture whether it was a standard or thoughtful of him. Food was delicious.So I decided to come back a second time to try out the shrimp burrito and honestly, it was disappointing. Felt like the ingredients lacked something that I cannot wrap my tastebuds around. It tasted good overall, ingredients were fresh but burrito itself left desiring something else. The only saving grace to that burrito was their salsa which was terrific and it added depth to the burrito.  Their food is still tremendous and I will gladly come back.
5	Love California style Mexican food and this place deliveries. Got the carne asada  burrito with the green salsa and was great. Did not have to wait long to get my food. Was lunch time on a Saturday. The only thing that I would like to see on the menu is carne asada fries and I would probably be once a week. Thanks for the great lunch.
4	The meat in the carne asada tacos and pork in the burrito was really good. My friends said it was the best street style tacos and burrito they'd ever had. The bean burro was just ok. Simple atmosphere with Loteria cards on the walls. The service was ok.
4	I really like this place! The shrimp burrito was quite good, it unexpectedly bit me back, but a few swigs of water took care of that. Other people in the party liked theirs. One remark I can recall is that the burritos were filling. The owner (or I think it was) was very accommodating to our special requests, and explained the menu to us newbies. They take great care in preparing their food and I look forward to trying them for breakfast one of these days.
5	Ok, this is the kind of neighborhood place where people care about customer service, and care even more about the food they're making. Came in on a whim. While I waited for a to-go order, the guy behind the counter generously brought out a little sampler of homemade chips, red chili beef and green chili pork to try. It was so delicious I almost asked my boyfriend if he wanted to order another burrito to split ... then I was like, girl, calm down. No one's going to keep you from coming back.
5	Awesome chorizo burrito. Gotta love a place that serves breakfast all day. Stopped in because of the yelp reviews. If I lived closer I would come back because burritos are My favorite food. Too bad :(
5	I love their shrimp quesadilla that has onions and cilantro! Also their breakfast burritos are the best!
5	I've grown up being spoiled with burritos from Arizona and Southern California. I like my burritos big, cheap, and a little bit dirty (like the rare type of females that are into me). What Arizona is missing over places like San Diego, though, is a signature burrito. Over there, it's the California burrito. I have yet to find a good Cali burrito out here in Phoenix. However, PHX Burrito House has the next best thing. Their PHX Especial is absolutely delicious. The potatoes are high quality, great in texture, and not overbearing. The grilled onions and jalepenos are nice and crunchy. Spice is low, but they have some good salsa and hot sauce available. The eggs add great flavor without making it too breakfast-y. There's also some cheese, but not too much. The burrito itself is NOT a drippy mess; it actually feels like you are eating something somewhat healthy, as far as burritos go. Don't forget to add carne asada. I crave this thing at least once a week. This should be our Arizona burrito.The building itself is small and very clean. The menu is short and simple. The staff that I've encountered is very friendly. There's a parking lot with enough spaces. It's divey in all the right ways for a fast Mexican food place while still being immaculately clean, friendly, not greasy, and extremely tasty. I guess you could say I highly recommend it for their Arizona burrito alone. Enjoy!
5	No fuss menu yet still so hard to decide. Went with the grilled chicken burrito. Chicken was delish. Tortilla was soft and fresh. Service was personal. Breakfast burritos are next to taste!
5	Friendly and clean staff.  Fresh and absolutely delicious burritos.  A hit!
4	My roommate  and I went to the PHX Burrito House for dinner. I ordered the shrimp burrito and it was really good they do NOT skimp on the shrimp at all. The service was great plus the layout and art is really cool! looking forward to trying something else on the menu but it was worth the trip!
5	Just Amazing!!I stumbled upon this place a couple months ago, and it has become a regular stop for me! To put it simply, you walk into an immaculately clean restaurant, order from some great people who actually act happy to see you, and get mind bogglingly good food!!BEST fish tacos I've found in Phoenix!Carne Asada that's out of this world!Pork and Green Chilis that is absolutely amazing!Really, the Phoenix Burrito House is just the best on so many levels!
4	Can't remember what the chorizo burrito tasted like because the horchata was the best I've ever tasted.
5	Excellent burritos. They have that homemade taste. I can't believe this place is down the street from my house and passed by it daily and never considered trying it until today.
5	Simply delicious burritos! The tortillas were so fresh and the salsa was so tasty!!! We will definitely be back!
5	This is, by way far, the best breakfast burrito I've eaten. Not at all greasy. Fluffy, crepe like tortilla. Friendly staff. Accommodated my dietary restrictions. Will return again and again!!
2	If there's one thing I can conclude from eating at the Mexican places that are most highly rated on Yelp, it's that white people have very bad taste for Mexican food. With the endless Mexican food options in Phoenix, it is this place and Santos Lucha Libre that are listed in Phoenix's top 5 restaurants. The latter was terrible, but PHX Burrito House seemed promising. Would this be the most disappointing week yet in my still-young Mexican food tour? Unfortunately, yes.PHX Burrito House is situated in the former digs of the also-overrated Fry Bread House. I will admit, the idea of burritos in an old converted house is pretty cool (maybe that's why this place has such rave reviews?). I looked at the menu, and it was sparse. Great! A place like this should have a sparse menu.The list of ingredients in the burrito, however, concerned me a little bit. Rice, choice of pinto or black beans, meat, sour cream. Guacamole extra. What? Rice? Really?I trudged ahead anyways. Got the carne asada burrito with guac. With a bottle of Fanta (no Jarritos?).Almost $11.Everything was just OK. The chips were OK. The burrito was just OK. Sorry, but it's hard to get excited about a burrito where 50% of the mass is rice and 40% is beans. I think there was a piece of actual carne asada in every third bite. Guac was relegated to a little vein near the outside of the burrito. Sour cream was only noticeable when I got to the bottom, where all the liquids inevitably end up.It's pretty disappointing when I leave a place with the feeling that I could have gotten a better burrito at Filiberto's.I've probably said this before, but if you want a sure-fire way to ruin a burrito, put a crap ton of rice in it. It's just filler. Would I eat here if I live in there area? Maybe.. But probably not, there's a Filiberto's across the street, and if I want a bad burrito, I might as well only spend four bucks on it.
2	The place is ok and would probably be good enough for a 3 but this is being done to temper all the 5 star reviews.  If you live within a mile and don't have a car, then this place would be good enough for you to walk to.We had their 1) infamous shrimp burrito, 2) carnita tacos, 3) asada tacos, and 4) a chicken burrito.   None had the WOW factor that people were talking about.  Actually, the meats were bordering on tasteless.  I am not Mexican nor am a native Phoenician, but I do love to eat, and have eaten more than my fair share of burritos from a variety of places, from holes in the wall to glorified holes in the wall, so I know what a tasty burrito is.   The place is cute and clean and salsas were tasty.   If you have never eaten a burrito or taco because you were too scared to drive through a Filiberto's, then this place will provide a safe and boring introduction.  But I would recommend going to Chipotle instead.  Very disappointed with all the hype.
4	Bomb Burritos & fast, friendly service.
5	This place is amazing!  Short and very simple menu, and simple but great tasting food.  Tried the carnitas burrito and it was just perfect.  It has a slight crispiness to it without being over cooked.  The portion is big enough that I almost didn't finished it, but the food this good can't go to waste so I decided to chow it all down.  I really can't comment on what the place looks like inside because I'm so busy and so focused on stuffing my face with food awesomeness.  No doubt that it's probably one of the best Mexican restaurant I've been to.
5	This place used to be the Indian Fry Bread House. I'm giving it 5 stars based on their pork green chili tacos alone.  The horchata was perfect.  Shrimp and fish tacos were amazing.  Gong back ASAP!
3	I want to start off saying that the service was very friendly and will probably get us to come back for a second chance. With that said I really wasn't impressed with PHX Burrito House. Now I tried the breakfast burrito with bacon, yeah I'm a real health nut, and was really disappointed with the quality. I did like the tortilla, but I found the eggs tasted like they had been sitting on the griddle for awhile and the bacon was so little I think it was only in one bite. Never a good sign when you have to slather the Cholula sauce all over your meal.  I have had much better around the valley and maybe it was just an off day seeing the reviews, or maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
5	The green chili burrito with rice, beans, and sour cream stuffed in a perfect tortilla was the best green chili I ever had. I can't wait to try the red chili. Excellent burritos.
3	I tried a ham breakfast burrito and it was good! My only complaint would be the wait to get the food.
4	Yum!  We stopped in this weekend for lunch after reading the rave reviews and were not disappointed.  We grabbed a table out front and brought our furry friend.  We enjoyed the grilled chicken and carne asada burritos.  Both were fresh, flavorful and quite big.  Everything was freshly made and you could tell as there was no oil or grease.  Definitely worth the visit!
4	I didn't think I was hungry until I got my burrito home from PHX Burrito House. I had one bite, of tortilla only, and I realized I would be eating the whole thing in one sitting. I ordered a burrito without meat, and added avocado. It tasted amazing- the tortilla was my favorite part, but they really did a great job with having equal parts rice, beans, cheese, sour cream, and avocado throughout. The salsa on the side was a nice addition to the flavor as well. My boyfriend got a chicken burrito and mentioned that the chicken was really tasty- not too greasy or dry. I do wish they had had tortilla chips. It's possible they do, but they weren't listed anywhere on the chalkboard menu that I saw. I didn't look too hard. Everyone was friendly, the service was quick, and the prices are decent. I have a feeling I'll be coming here for quick lunches and dinners a lot.
5	This place is NOT FUCKING AROUND. Best mexican food Ive had in phoenix. Got a Carne Asada burrito with pinto beans(NOT RE-FRIED, also have black beans), the softest rices Ive ever had, monterey jack(HAVE TO ASK FOR JUST JACK if you dont want the mix), and onions/cilantro. It was absolutely AMAZING, didnt even need to use either of the salsas. That doesnt mean I didnt though. im a huge green salsa fan so I was floored by the tomatillo sauce. Fresh, flavorful, good kick, but not overwhelming. This place was like being back in ventura california  a couple blocks from the ocean at taquiera vallarta, best mexican food I ever had... They also have bottled pepsi and coke, huge selling point for me, albeit the smaller ones at 2.50 a piece. The only negative I could see is its on the upper echelon of cheap. It was only 10 bucks with a bottle of pepsi(cheaper with fountain drink), just not fast food cheap is all. But for the price, its worth EVERY PENNY. This isnt like some of these other burrito shop where they charge you 6.50 for a burrito with all that inside but its like the smallest thing ever. I always feel like I fucking asked to add those cause I wanted a big burrito damnit! NOT WITH THIS PLACE. I was full with like a 1/5th left and Im a big guy, like 280 big. I dont worry about my girlish figure in other words. This was more than enough for most people unless you just got done doing something extremely active(ie run a marathon).I have no doubt everything else on the menu is good. Carne Asada is the gold standard at mexican places for me. If you can cook that, you can cook any other meat well. I was told the chile verde(pork) is even better. I bet seafood(shrimp) is as good, just not a seafood fan. They arent fucking around people, go there tomorrow, you will never be lead astray by a fat guy with 2 hands on his belly. Its the international sign language for someone with a stomach full of amazing food...
5	Pork with green chilies! Yum, Yum.
5	Always good to find a courteous staff and great food. I've eaten here twice and have tried three items. All of them were very good. The Pork Green chile is a great place to start when eating here. The burritos are a good heart size.
5	Tried the Bacon Egg and Potato breakfast burrito with cheese and also the Carne Asada burrito with guac and beans.  Exceptional burritos.  Ate both while watching people exercise in the gym.  Felt like my stomach would burst, but I think the burritos are worth a ruptured organ.  Oh and also a little thing that made me happy with the meal, they asked if I wanted salsa, and actually gave the right quantity of salsa cups.  I sometimes get frustrated with other burrito places that just give you one small cup of salsa, and I'm just like wtf bruh, is this salsa for brushing my teeth or what?  But again, excellent salsa and food at Phx burrito house, I was content with it.
5	Hands down the best Mexican food I've had in forever! Service is awesome. Food is phenomenal! Salsa is perfectly hot like I love it. Chips and tortillas are homemade. And because we LOVE this place so much and are here at least twice a week, we are greeted like long lost friends every time we visit. ps) we were told the liquor license was awarded and they are in the final steps of carrying delish Mexican alcoholic beverages in addition to the awesome authentic Coke in the fridge by the counter.
5	Always good to find a courteous staff and great food. I've eaten here twice and have tried three items. All of them were very good. The Pork Green chile is a great place to start when eating here. The burritos are a good heart size.
4	Fresh ingredients, lots of choices and a friendly staff make this a sure bet. Definitely worth a try.
5	Family owned restaurant with very large and safe parking lot. Inside, very clean, friendly staff, and easy to read chalkboard menu. Menu is very simple yet provides lots of choices. Chips, salsa, and food are brought to the table.  The salsa is the bomb!  Spicy, not to chunky, and compliments the lightly salted chips.
5	Friendly service and great food!  Eaten here several times and it's always terrific.
4	Top Notch Mexican food right here! Thanks Yelpers! I went here because of the great reviews. I don't even remember the last time I actually ate a burrito. I typically stay away from them because they're a sloppy mess that are difficult to eat, and not very enjoyable. I decided to give one a try here. If there was a place to eat one, I guessed it would be a place named: PHX Burrito House. I went for a Carnita Burrito with refried beans, and while I waited for it, I enjoyed the BEST tortilla chips I have had in Phoenix, and some of the best I have had in my life. Super fresh and crispy, not greasy, not over-salted. The Salsa was fantastic as well. Little chunky, little spicy, great flavor. I was also treated to a small bowl of the Famous Pork with Green Chiles. Super tender pork with a delicious green salsa.(They also have a burrito with this)The burrito came out and it didn't disappoint! They don't try winning you over with an enormous burrito, they put all of their love into a medium sized perfectly rolled bundle of goodness with a nice firm tortilla. The Carnitas were great, rice was delicious, creamy refried beans. And how does one judge a burrito? Well, I cut it in half and each half held together until it was gone! Most places fall apart after a few bites! Its a cruise for me, but a place I will definitely visit when in the area. STOP going to those Chain-o-Berto type places and eat REAL Local Mexican Food instead!
5	My new favorite burrito joint in Phoenix. The tortillas are addictive. My 2 go-to burritos are the bacon breakfast burrito and the green chile pork burrito. This place is a great alternative to the overly greasy gut-bombs you get at the omnipresent ****berto's restaurants that dominate the landscape.
3	Food was fresh , all of it , but not the best in Phoenix Tried a crane asada and green chili pork I thought green was better If you are comparing it to Taco Bell then it's the bestWe didn't leave unhappy the service was great
5	Best Burrito I've had in my life!! Literally ate that thing in under 5 minutes...food was great, service was excellent, everyone was so friendly and the place was very clean......definitely coming back soon
5	I've lived in Phoenix pretty much my whole life. I've had quite a few breakfast burritos, from the categories of "I hate my life so much right now and I'm going to hate it more after this something-bertos awfulness I'll eat so I can at least live through this morning," all the way to burritos lovingly homemade with the many fresh ingredients cut up and grilled in front of me.All that said: The breakfast burritos here are The Best. If I'm not out of town, I'm here at least once a weekend. Doesn't matter if it's 10am or 3pm, some day that weekend I'm devouring a breakfast burrito here. The potatoes & eggs are cooked in just the right way and amount that they're guaranteed to slay any hunger or hangover you may walk in with. The ham/sausage options are excellent, but my heart will forever be caught in the ages old battle waged between bacon and chorizo (chorizo usually wins). The red salsa just completes the masterpiece.Not to mention, the managers/owners are kickass. If they know you, they'll probably know if you need some water, how much salsa you need, and if you want chips (without even saying it) in the morning(ish). And sometimes they'll sit down and chat with you over their own burrito.I've grabbed tacos here a few times as well, and they're also excellent. I can't imagine these guys doing anything average.
5	Easily one our favorite restaurants in Phoenix!
5	Now serving beer and margaritas!! Menu on the weekends and gotta get the flan!! Stay tuned for happy hour specials!
4	Experienced the 2nd best breakfast burrito of my life at this place! Eggs and potatoes were cooked perfectly and the veggies had a little bit of crisp to them still....not soggy!  Red salsa=perfect.
4	I love this place, they haven't disappointed me yet. The House Special breakfast burrito is the best I've ever had. They're also very friendly.
5	I had been wanting to try this place for quite some time.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  The burrito was huge and very tasty.  The service was very prompt and everyone was very nice.
5	We love the burrito house. Owners are great, food is yummy! We eat here at least once a week!
4	This is the perfect place for a fast quality meal for $10. I had the shrimp burrito which was very tasty and had a sufficient amount of shrimp. All ingredients were fresh and the salsa had just the right amount of spice. I will definitely be back to try the breakfast burrito.
5	A co-worker and I were deciding where to go to lunch today. We saw good reviews about this place and decided to give it a try. It were SO good! Among the best I've ever had. I had a breakfast burrito and was really excited they served breakfast burritos all day! My coworker had the shredded beef, which was equally delicious. Service was great and restaurant was clean. Would return again.
5	Came in here after a long night of drinking one morning and I was extremely impressed. The wait is a little long, but there is an upfront disclaimer that reads "Please be prepared to wait as everything is prepared fresh", yeah I'm down with that. I got the steak quesadillas and a sausage, egg, and cheese burrito. The steak was marinated with lime and was so delicious I could have eaten three more. As for the burrito, it's rare that a place can throw potatoes in and have them be light and fluffy, but these guys pulled it off. Were it not so far from my house I'd be in more often, but maybe that's a good thing for my waist line. If you're in the area give it a try! Ps, it's kind of tucked away in the back of a little cluster of buildings, which made it hard to find. And the Yelp pin drop may be off a bit.
5	Tucked away inside a charming little house off the hustle and bustle of 7th Avenue is this gem that cooks up some of the best shrimp burritos around. They're refreshingly light, a welcome change after all the sauce-smothered enchilada style and heavy carne asada burros I've been scarfing down on my PHX-Mex tour. Oh, they make a mean carne asada too...
5	My co-worker suggested that i try out this wonderful place. After reading a few reviews i decided on the chorizo. The wait was a bit and the hostess offered me some chips to go. The chips were so fresh it reminded me of when me and my mom used to make them at home. Loved them.....The salsas are spicy to perfection. I will definitely make this a regular place for lunch. .....
2	Burritos here overrated and expensive. Disappointed especially because it was about nine bucks for a burrito that should be about four dollars. Chipotle burritos are way better and cheaper. I got two different burritos, green chili and pork and carne Asada, both way overpriced. I'm thinking because they got popular on yelp and have a lot of Caucasian customers they will charge more. Well I think their popularity got to their heads. I don't think I'll come back. My burrito was too soggy by the way. Good salsa good chips.
4	Tasty burritos on the way back to my apartment? Yes please! I always go with the carnitas burrito because it's made just the way I prefer it: tender, braised pork with a seared/crispy outside. Friendly service and decent prices (~$8 for a fairly sized burrito that fills me up) in addition to a consistently tasty burrito are what keep me coming back for more. And more. And more.
5	Wowzers!  This place is a winner and I can't wait to go back... in fact I think I will be going back tomorrow for lunch!First off, the woman taking orders was sooo friendly and helpful and it was obvious she enjoyed working there.  While i was waiting for my order She told me about the owners and then talked about their most popular dishes and even brought me a sample of their pork green chili.  Holy crap, that was frickin amazing!  Spicy (which I loved) but seriously great flavor!  I want it so badly now!  Sooo friendly and sweet so huge kudos to her!Ok now on to the important part... the food!  Yummy!  Homemade tortillas were very obvious since they tasted amazing and super fresh!  The chips were freaking fantastic and were thick but light and crispy. .. again they were obviously homemade.  My carne asada burrito was good but could use some grilled veggies... my bad but I will ask for them next time.  Without a doubt I will be trying their pork with green chili next time since the sample is still dancing in my taste buds.  Ohh guac was superb too... nothing fancy or over the top like some places attempt to do.  Great prices too!!!
5	Not only is the service fast but this food is amazing. The ingredients are authentic and natural to boot! This is an amazing hole-in-the-wall joint in central Phoenix. Chipotle needs to watch out!
5	Stopped by on my way home from work yesterday on a whim for my first time because I was hungry, and boy did I have a pleasant surprise! The mature blond lady working behind the counter asked if it was my first time there to which I obviously responded "yes". She was extremely friendly and gave me the rundown on what they serve and recommended the green chili pork burrito of which she gave me a small sample. It was delicious! I ordered it and because it was my first time there she threw in a small side of chips and salsa. When I got home and opened the container I was impressed and happy to be greeted with a hot and large burrito that required two hands to pick up. The tortilla was soft but firm. The burrito was filled with the green chili pork and rice(but not too much rice), black beans(pintos and refried are available if thats your preference), cheese and sour cream. The chili had a bright green chili flavor and did have a kick to it but was not too spicy for the average American who likes Mexican food.Everything tasted fresh and their recipe is delicious. It is definitely one of the best burritos I have eaten. I am anxious to try their Carne Asada burrito next!
3	I had the carnitas burrito and Sis had the machaca special. The Machaca was good and tender, but not the best I've tasted. The machaca burrito was jam packed with potatoes and eggs which made it overwhelming. I'm talking Scooby and Shaggy overwhelming. Either share it or order while starving. The carnitas burrito had great flavor but the meat was a little dry. I suppose that's why you receive  the generous servings of salsa. I think this restaurant is very generous with the portions, has wonderful customer service and is has the bang for your buck. I don't mind returning to taste other menu items. There is a lot of potential here.
