2	I went here based on the good reviews and I was so dissapointed! Being an ex Nyer I was dying to find a good deli .This is not it. Now, it is pretty inside with cool, faux, brick walls and an archway that reminds me of a cheesy Italian place back east so my heart went pitter patter when I saw it. I did not have an artisan sandwich nor did I see one on the menu. This place is under new ownership  so perhaps they changed the menu.I kept hearing about how big the sandwiches were but mine was not( 6inch hero roll more or less) . I ordered a chicken salad sandwich and it  was not good at all. I ordered a side of potato salad and it tasted like a cheap grocery store brand. No way could it have been homemade. Oh well the search continues. ( Just wish Cassellas was closer to me) Perhaps I didn't order one of their speciality items. Help me out here and recommend a good sandwich here and I will go back and try it. No tuna please, yuk! This is the second time I have eaten here and both times the meal was not good.
4	I absolutely LOVE this cafe. It's so adorable. Very cozy from the second you walk in.I'm a totally sandwich person, anything easy to eat is my thing. The menu here is right up my alley. Breakfast sandwiches, pizza, hot and cold sandwiches, great sides and many drinks (coffee, soda, shakes, bottled juices...).So far, I've had the Pepperoni pizza (my favorite, huge pepperonis, seasoned wonderfully, just the right amount of cheese), Turkey & Jack sub, Turkey Bacon Melt (OMG! So good!) and the macaroni salad.The prices here are below reasonable, but the quality is top drawer! I would give this place a shot for sure!!
4	3 1/2 stars Zack, was very friendly and helpful. (he is the younger looking guy) When I try new places I ask what is recommended. "Zax's sub", on sesame bun instead of sourdough. It was ham, turkey, swiss and jack cheese, lettuce tomato and ranch. The bread was amazing and the other ingredients tied it all together. I had a side salad the size of my head. It was ok, but they use store bought dressing and lettuce mxture. They do serve Mt Dew so I gave the extra 1/2 star. I will go back, I want to try the pizza.
2	I went here for breakfast with some friends, and I don't remember much about it -- just that I didn't enjoy it very much. I do remember that the breakfast menu was pretty limited. Also that everything was pretty flavorless. Maybe I would try it again for lunch, as that seems to be their strong point.
5	Full disclosure: I was there for a private birthday party for relatives of the owners. Food was tasty and the environment was warm. We had lasagna , chicken parmigiana, pasta Alfredo and salad. All very good. I look forward to trying it sometime as a regular patron. Mangia!
3	Zax is a wholesome little lunch place up in the northern Phoenix area.  When you walk in, it's a little bit overwhelming, but reminds me of a place that my grandma may have been hired to decorate.  There is tons of picnic table-style seating, various nic-nacks, and a TV playing TV land episodes at the forefront of the seating area - strange but it works!The place was packed at lunch but I will admit they were QUICK at taking my order.  I would recommend calling ahead because it can take about 10-15 minutes for the food to be ready.Prices are reasonable - 5-6 bucks for a delicous sandwich, and they also have entrees like chicken tenders, lasagne, and spaghetti that are $6.95 a piece - reasonable!If you work in a relaxed environment, you can also grab a mid-day bottle of beer, wine, or for those of us in corporate America - one of many assorted energy drinks.
4	Sooo good. Priced right. No one else has a toasted sesame roll like this, and ingredients are fresh. Zac makes appearances all the time and the entire staff is very friendly. Go here..eat.
4	Italian motifFun sandwich & salad deli restaurantNice house saladLoved the Cuban sandwichVery friendly food service by Nancy & Sandra
3	Pretty decent local place. Not bad for lunch. Decent comfort-style food but a little too greasy. Always a bit too hot inside and they REALLY need to improve their ventilation.
4	A bit pricey for a sandwich but it had good service and a friendly staff. I'd come here again! The restaurant could use some updating on the inside. The menu is definitely solid though. Went for dinner and the place wasn't busy at all.
5	Great place and owners are wonderful people, this place has great homemade food from breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Priced great!!!!!!!!!!!!Opened MONDAY TO SATURDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This may be a "mom and pop" shop but, it sure is delic. I prefer coming here over anywhere else because, I AM  given individual attention and the family that runs this cafe is just to sweet. I am a regular and I love the Italian sub... No joke I eat probably 3 to 5 of them a week (I never liked italians before i tried Zax!) this place is very budget friendly and i never expect anything less than exceptional service. Zach works in the restaurant and he is a complete sweetheart! Oh by the way... Coffee is amazing! Anyone that wrote a bad review on here is 1) A yelp bully 2) Doesn't understand the way a mom and pop shop is/runs... Goto a 45$ a plate restaurant.... Honestly, It's probably the only place in the world that will please someone like you! GO ZAX! I looooove Zax!
5	Western burger is to die for.... House salad yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Italian sub... Can't get enough of it... New chicken strips... OH MY! I love Zax... The menu is just perfect. I can go to Zax for any type of food I am craving. Always over the top amazing service. Charlie and Rosanne are good people! Try this place out!
5	I loved the atmosphere in this "little" place. It is neatly set up and fun. The prices were quite reasonable especially when the food showed up and was a huge portion. Five of us ate there for lunch and were served, ate and left within an hour and 15 minutes. Our server may be one of the owners but she and another gentleman waited on us impeccably. Our drinks were always full and the food was delicious. I ordered the chicken strips which were HUGE, I could only eat one. THe oven fries were cooked just perfectly. The clam chowder soup I substitued for the coleslaw was phenomenal - thick and so flavorful! Everyone at the table truly enjoyed their meal, every bit of it. I can't wait to give them my business again!
4	Value.  Prices are very reasonable. Staff was friendly, food was better than I expected - fish and chips were good! I will definitely be making this part of my rounds.  Why not 5 stars?  Those are rare and special so 4 happily given stars should be worth a peek.
