1	Update: May 12 2008:After 5 visits to this place, I am now completely fed up with the incompetent service people.  Not only are they not fixing the things that I brought it in for in the first place, but I now suspect they are breaking things so I will have to keep bringing my car back.  STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE AS POSSIBLE!!!!  I am going to report them to the BBB and contact Land Rover corporate to formally complain.  Something really wrong is going on at this dealership!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Recently dropped one of my cars off at this dealership to get serviced.  VERY friendly Service Advisor (Terry).  Professional and knowledgeable.  Clean environment and decent location.  As for pricing, it is the same everything.....through the nose!
1	1950 called and wants their sleazy car salesman back. I can't believe a high-line brand like Land Rover would let these people run a dealership that sells their cars. I went in to look at an Evoque. The salesman said I better be willing to pay big - he had sold all he could get - yet there were 13 on the lot????? He essentially blew me off when I questioned why he had so many on the lot if he had them all sold - and then he turned around and walked back into the office. As long as Land Rover lets these people represent them I won't be buying a Land Rover car any time soon. If you really want one - drive 3.5 hours to southern California where you'll have a better chance of being treated well.
1	I bought a new 2013 Range Rover supercharged 6 weeks ago. I have been to the deal 3 times since then for cameras that don't work. The service department is a joke. I had to tell them what was wrong. I should have done more research before I bought this over price piece of crap. The cameras have been a know problem since 2010. All I had to do was look at Google to find out. I took the recalls yes I said recalls MANY to the dealer showing what was wrong. When I asked them to make sure they had the parts in stock before I dropped it off they said no. My next question was can you do that for me? NO was the answer. So now I am dropping it off and hoping they can repair it I a day. I could have spent 75% less and be treated better at a Ford dealershipWeek number 3 still no cameras.. I have also been blocked from posting on their Facebook page. They did tell me they are sorry there is a problem.
5	We all know that car buying can be a hassel. But, this place actually took me by surprise. I thought that when stepping on the lot that I was going to get bombarded by salespeople, but to my surprise I wasn't. In fact, the sales people let me take my sweet time to come inside and greeted me, offered me a beverage, and asked if I was there to see a particular person. I told them that I just wanted to look around and see what my options were. The salesman just walk and talked with me and not once tried to pressure me into driving or buying a vehicle. I test drove several vehicles and told him that I wanted to go home and think about it. He gave me his card and simply told me that whenever I was ready to simply give him a call to schedule an appt to work out any numbers on any vehicle and not once tried to pressure me into buying a car. "THATS HOW CAR BUYING SHOULD BE" I called a few days later and the salesman still remembered me and my name. I set up an appt. with him to go in and buy a car. This was the most professional car buying experience I have ever received. I would highly recommend this place to any and all my family and friends. He also introduced me to the Sales Manager and Service Manager before I left in my brand new 2013 Range Rover Sport. The salesman also took the time to show me how to personalize the vehicle to me and how to use all the features. I have called my salesman several times with some stupid questions on how to change some settings in my vehicle, and he stopped what he was doing just to navigate me through the process. I still couldn't figure it out some of them and just decided to pop in on him at the store. He simply stopped what he was doing and came out and showed me how to do it again. So i still received the same quality service as promised after the sale. Like I said before...."THATS HOW CAR BUYING SHOULD BE" If i could give this place more than 5 stars, I certainly would. Thanks again and see you when its time for any services.
5	Ordered some accessories for my Range Rover Sport the other day and got them put on yesterday. A+ service the whole time!!!
1	I bought a van on eBay, worst dealer I have ever dealt with. It appears others feel the same, you would be better off with a plumber working on your car. They would not fix what there staff screwed up. Your better off if they don't work on your car.
1	The service department is a joke do not take your Land Rovers here.
1	Well I'm back 11 months later for my first oil change. I picked my car up and drove straight home. When I got out I noticed oil running down the front fender of my car. They don't wash your car there because they don't have a car wash. Even  the cheapest car dealership in Las Vegas has a car wash. This time they gave it back dirtier than when I dropped it off. I tried to post a review on their web site but they still have me blocked. If they have a defense or excuse I would love to hear it. Stay as far away from here as you can. Money does not buy service. They have no pride in what they do. they are the only dealer in town and they know it.
1	If I could give negative stars I would!!Bought my Freelander 10 years ago from LRLV. I LOVE MY CAR! Pushing 100,000 miles. We off road and really use the car in the way it was built. Off the pavement to get in touch with nature. I dont baby my baby but I take care of her and she treats me real good! I have been an extremely loyal customer and have had all service done thru LRLV.Last week I brought her in for an oil change and brakes. They changed my oil and told me the brakes were fine (though they were not) but the kicker....they had my car overnight, told me the Service Engine light was on and from their "findings" I needed a $10K engine or a new car.I may be a woman BUT I AM NOT STUPID!Took my car to Frank's European Service only to find I needed new spark plugs and a new air filter. A TUNE UP PEOPLE!!!I will NEVER visit LRLV again! They do not know how to spell Honesty or Integrity let alone use it as the basic foundation of their business. Guess it was the end of the month and they needed to meet sales quota...but I am nobody's statistics (except now an EX customer).
1	I have called the service department three times and no one will even call me back! It's so frustrating. I guess they don't need the business?? Same experience I had when I emailed the dealership because I had found another range rover sport in LA for $10k less than when they were selling at this dealership. The response I got back was so rude and dismissive. Aren't I glad I went to LA to get my car- this place is so messed up!! How are they still in business??
4	After posting my review on Yelp, I was contacted by Rick from Land Rover who went out of his way to address the issues I had with the service department.  I decided to give it another shot by bringing my car in and I was very impressed with the experience.  Rick and John in the service department made sure I was very well taken care of.  Thank you for reaching out to help rectify what was a previously poor situation! I really appreciate it.
3	I'm on the fence about this place...first off, ti's the only Land Rover dealer in Vegas, which means they don't have to compete with anyone.  (Believe me, in the car buying process, you want the dealerships to have a little competition.)I've been working with Rex, who has been helpful, but the negotiation process is not as expected.  Rex explained to us that they simply do not go below MSRP.  I found this very odd, so I started doing a little research.  TrueCar (who uses real data points from actual car purchases) shows that Land Rover sales nationwide are often below MSRP.  Furthermore, I called a few dealership in So Cal and they assured me that there is definitely room to negotiate. Before sharing this information, I talked to my sales guy and told him I really needed him to work with me...he "had to call his manager at home" to get me the discount, and told me that this is the best deal he's seen on this model of car.  Fine.  It is still not an impressive deal.  I spent a half day at the Lincoln dealership in Henderson (AWESOME place by the way), who gave me a SMOKIN' deal, including 2 years of service (oil changes and all!) as well as...wait for it...free car washes for life. WHAT?!  But...I still like the Evoque better than the MKC.  So now, I'm torn.  I'd prefer to choose a company who is willing to work with me on price and actually cares about giving their customers a great deal.  The Land Rover dealer seems a little "too cool for school," and not really interested in helping me getting a great deal in a car I'll be happy in.For the record - Rex is a really nice guy, I just like it when it seems like the car salesman is in my corner and is going to bat for me - even if it's all a sham.
5	I wanted to update this review because after going in a second (and third) time, I really felt like they were doing everything they could to help me get the deal I wanted - and to make me a happy customer!  The team at LRLV really took the time to make sure I had all the information I needed instead of just glossing over the details.As I mentioned in the last review, Rex is a super nice guy and after getting to know him a bit, I'd recommend him to anyone who is looking to buy a Range Rover.John (the manager) is an awesome guy.  He sat down with me and went through the numbers thoroughly - he was honest about what he could and couldn't do, and in the end, we came to a mutual agreement on price.  Moreover, he's a genuine guy and I liked doing business with him.  You can't say that about a lot of dealership folk...All in all, an a good experience and a sweet car. :)
5	I have purchased 4 Landrovers from LRLV and have had a wonderful experience each time.  I initially purchased a L4  then my next two were the Range Rover HSE. This time I chose the Evoque for the better gas mileage and I simply love the design inside and out.  This is a dealership where you are always treated well and become part of the Land Rover family.  I dealt with Nicholas and Pete for the sales process and they made it seamless. You will not feel like you are "being Handled" or there for hours they will make the sales process seamless and with ease.  Lastly, they always remember your name and are very helpful when you come in for service.
