5	Imagine a store in a mall that offers the best of the San Francisco Hayes Valley hipster boutiques (Nomads, Nida, Azaela, Ambient Airlines, etc). Yes such a place does exist and yes it is located in a mall near an A&F store. Of course this is Vegas, so there is also a catwalk in this mall.The staff is super friendly they will tell you what you can and perhaps more importantly what you cannot pull off. Great selection of jeans...1921s, monarchy, 575, LA Denim, Rock & Republic, etc. FYI, they are opening a San Francisco store this fall in Union Square.
5	Let Vegas' great shopping be your alibi.A few of us recently hit the mall for some rehab after a fun night on the town.  It was great to stumble across this store down one of the wings we were thinking about ignoring.They're a bit more hipster to Bryan Lee's California chic, but if you're into jeans you'll have reason enough to come here.  For all that though, they got a kick out of the "die hipster scum" shirt I was wearing.Looking forward to their SF opening.
5	One thing that sucks about here is not having a Melrose. But Metropark is the closest to California Style as can be. Great staff, always, love the clothes. However, a bit over priced when Macy's at the Fashion Show has some of the same pret a porter - for 10-20 dollars cheaper. There are a lot of unique pieces I gotta say. I miss the Loteria! Metropark - great for guys and girls with fashion sense. But for manly guys - it's a reminder that you're one bl@wjob short from being gay.
5	Metropark is such a cool store...great clothes, really friendly staff, and a good variety of price points. An employee told me that there is a Metropark in San Francisco, and I can't wait to check it out!
5	Hit this spot on a Saturday, the music was pumping and the salespeople were on their toes. I needed a shirt for the evening's festivities, Tiffany was all answers and I walked out of the store with an English Laundry shirt and was feeling very satisfied.I wish they had a MetroPark here in San Diego, but since they don't I will probably have to do my shopping at the San Francisco store.
3	A work colleague of mine had to have the Tokidoki x Hello Kitty wallet that was sold out all over California. Go figure... they had it at the Las Vegas store. Cut to my arriving in Vegas and my first stop being Metropark in Fashion Show Mall. Okay so I made a pit stop at the hotel to drop off my bags but I was in Vegas to party not to play UPS. I'd been to the Metropark in San Francisco and the stores were exactly the same in terms of the *expensive* $80 Ed Hardy tees which is the rave among people who want to be noticed for their clothing. In any case, I left the store $128 lighter in the pocket.
4	Metropark inside the fashion show mall is a neat store.  THey have plenty of name brands like Rock Republic, Roar, 1921, True Religion, Mek, Obey, Etc.  It is in my personal opinion the ONE store chain in the whole city that combines all these brands in one.The store is well organized and the service is on point as well.  I believe the only setback with Metropark is the price.  Being most brands are "in" fashion they charge a premium.  A really great tip about Metropark is they have a sale rack.  On the rack you can usually find items like $300 True Religion jeans marked down to $150-220.  Some won't see value in a store like Metropark.  However, for those that like to spend a little more for clothing and fashion; Metropark delivers on all fronts.
