5	The best beauty supply in Las Vegas. Large variety of products and hair. The store is so organized and clean. The ladies here are so helpful and polite. I have visited this place several times and every visit has been good. I think that was the owner that helped me on my last visit. She actually came from behind the counter and helped me find what I needed. These ladies actually know about all hair not just straight hair. They are very knowledgeable of hair and hair products, which is rare in beauty supply stores that are usually saturated with products for only one demographic. I live atleast 20min away and I will and have made that drive to feel satisfied with my purchase. Not to mention that actually greet their customers and treat them with respect, unlike many sally's. I am a beauty supply addict and this is the best by far. Keep it up ladies you have a customer as long as I live in Vegas.
5	If you like a good bundle of hair come here. Staff is also very knowledgeable and friendly.
2	I stopped in here a while ago to quickly obtain a hair product. I was in a rush and put  on a wig before I went there. While I was being rung up, one of the female workers there was asking me about what was going on underneath my wig. I quickly got embarrassed and wanted to leave immediately. I was not having a great hair day but I certainly didn't expect for someone working there to be do nosy and ask me about things that don't concern them. I understand that it's a beauty supply but if I'm going there for a certain item, I don't need their workers to question me or comment on my appearance unless they are giving compliments. The person wasn't being rude but I wasn't there for my wig. I didn't ask them for any assistance regarding that. I simply wanted to get my product and leave. I purchased my item and haven't been back since and I won't ever go back because I felt offended and embarrassed. Although the person probably didn't mean to offend me, they need to stick to keeping their mouths closed when it comes to their customer's appearance unless they are asked for their opinion.
5	I can not describe how positive the experience I had at this store truly was without explaining how I even came to be there.  I phoned Sally's Beauty Supply to make sure that they had the type of hair that we needed and was met with poor customer service, no knowledge of the product selection, and ended the conversation feeling confused, frustrated, and as if I was inconveniencing the associate by even phoning to ask my simple question.  I was under the impression that Sally's was my only choice in the area, not being familiar with the hair supply stores near Craig and Clayton.  As I was disappointingly driving there with my sixteen-year-old daughter, I saw the sign for Her Glory which is located in the WalMart parking lot on Craig & Clayton in front of the Anna's Linens, Ross, and Rainbow stores.  I figured, well, who knows?  What the heck, I'll try it.The feeling as SOON as you walk in is calming and welcoming.  It is so neat, tidy, and well-decorated (the glass counter displays are attractive and appealing, the rotating display units and the shelving was clear, well-organized, and offered a great selection of products). I was greeted in a genuinely friendly manner by a beautiful woman with a GREAT hairstyle and fashion sense, which encouraged me that she would hopefully know more than I do about the subject of hair.  She was helping someone else, so we waited for not very long before she helped us.  The previous customer that she was talking too was laughing and smiling and seemed like she almost didn't even want to end their conversation.  She actually said, "Okay now, I'm gonna go because I could talk with you all day!"I had the best customer experience ever, the pricing was MUCH lower than what I anticipated on paying, and I discovered that this was the owner, Ms. Virginia, who had helped me.  I should have known.  The feeling you get from choosing to do business here is that she is personally invested in the success of her business, she TRULY cares about helping the people she comes into contact with, and she looks at the entire experience as so much more than just selling products.  Ms. Virginia understands that she is helping people to put their "best foot forward" by providing them with all of the things they could ever need to make them feel confident and assured that they know they are using high quality hair/products, etc. without having to pay an unaffordable price for it!THANK YOU, HER GLORY!  EVERY BUSINESS SHOULD CONDUCT THEMSELVES LIKE THIS ONE.  You truly blessed my daughter and I today.
5	This AMAZING hair supply business is like no other...kind helpful, knowledgeable staff that go the XTra mile to make sure you have what you need before you leave. The first store in Las Vegas where you are truly free to actually read the labels on the products without feeling like you are under a radar.  The owners are a wonderful family that gets the job done!  Thank you Kindred for making my experience AWESOME EVERYTIME!
