3	Once you get in, it's fine ... the problem is that you may die waiting. Maybe I was spoiled with Columbia / St. Mary's hospitals in Milwaukee, but this location took nearly two hours during the early afternoon of a work day. I sat there with a potential blood clot; old SARS victims were hacking away and I could have sworn that an elderly person sat there with cob webs growing on her. Horrible. It gets a positive review overall because the care and patient care is considerate, kind and intelligent.
4	Stayed here September of 07'.  Twice.  WTH?!?Yeah some allergic reaction mixed with something viral; made my throat close up and could barely breathe; nearly passed out.Long story short; the nurses are zero supreme (Number 1) and my private room was bangin'!They actually listened to me when I told them I have "hidden veins" and a butterfly needle would suit me.My beau, parents and daughter all came to visit and also were pleased at my accommodations.  God forbid something else unfortunate should happen to me, but if it does, Meriter is my hospital.Thanks!
5	My sister took me to the ER after I spoke to a nurse. I had a stabbing pain in my chest that lasted more than 16 hours. I was taken right in. Immediately, they started working on me. I had an IV, all the heart monitors, etc. They brought in an X-ray machine, I saw a doctor and then a heart specialist. After and echocardiogram I spoke again to the specialist Dr. Moses. The treatment was so fantastic. No bodies laying in the hallways of the busy ER. People moved quickly, and were very attentive. If anyone in my family needs an ER, it will be Meriter not UW or St. Mary's.
5	I have been there three times over the course of 2 years. Twice for myself, once for my wife. Each time we were met with pleasant, patient, professional care. The wait times are reasonably short, the doctors are thorough and even through the place is all the way across Madison, WI  from my house - it is my choice for any emergency.
1	This ER quite possibly has the absolute worst Drs  in any facility ive ever been to. Having a life threatening illness  these ppl didnt listen to a word i said - if you ever have seen charlie brown and remember the teachers voice going wahwah wahwah that is what these drs remind me of - i did not go in seeking pain meds as i do not take them but they treated me like i was a drug seeker and not even remotely did they listen or address any problem that i described to them. If this is the kind of care u from a hospital why bother you may as well stay at home. I rate these ppl at a pnegative gazillion and and their ER DRs should well to put it mildly - they have in business being in the medical field period!!!!!!
4	I went to Meriter ER after having a fall. I was taken by rescue squad. I found my care to be prompt with good follows by nursing staff.  Was referred to an orthopedic clinic for follow up care.
