3	This small church and museum on the north side of Old Montreal is the on the site of the original church founded by Sister Marguerite Bourgeoys, one of the first settlers of Montreal, and the museum is dedicated to her life.  The church is...just a church with interesting stained glass windows, stone altar, and the regular assortment of religious art, but it does have some interesting features with replicas of sailing ships adorning the chapel (it seems the chapel is a favorite with sailors).  It's the views of Old Montreal and the Vieux-Port from the church tower make it worth the trek to this part of Old Montreal.  The small museum is located in the crypt of the church and has an adjacent associated archeological site that you can also tour.  The museum would be worth the admission to a someone interested in the history of a Canadian saint (and a woman to boot), but I can't comment on the archeological site since I didn't partake of it.The chapel is thankfully free, but there is an $8 admission fee for the museum (it's steep considering all you get is the museum and tower access for the views).  You can add the archeological site for an extra $2, which might make it more interesting (I don't really know).  The closest metro stop is Champ De Mars, but it's still a hike up a really steep hill.I say skip it if you need time for something else, but if you have the time (or the interest) then it's worth at least an hour's visit.
4	This episode of Chapelle's show takes us back to the 1600's and focuses on a young woman named Marguerite Bourgeoys. (She was canonized in 1982).She's considered the 'mother of the colony', the colony being Ville-Marie, the future Montreal. Called to teach, she helped educate children and provide aid to the poor. On the site of the current chapel (from 1771) lies the remains of the original stone structure Marguerite would have known.The actual chapel is far humbler than the grand basillicas found elsewhere in Montreal. Walking through the museum, however, you'll learn quite a bit about Marguerite Bourgeoys. In fact, one room is dedicated to explaining her life through...scenes in a dollhouse. These dolls were made by sisters in the late 20th century and can be considered Madame Alexander meets Madame Bourgeoys.The best attraction by far in the museum is the staircase that leads to the top of the chapel. You'll have amazing views of Vieux Montreal from the top. There stairs are fairly steep so take your time.The view alone adds an extra star to this review.Alas, there was no mention of Rick James in this episode of Chapelle's show.
4	Cool little chapel in Vieux-Montreal.  Not a whole lot to see inside (though what is there is very detailed, elaborate, historic, baroque)... the main draw is going upstairs to the tower and see the views of the river and old Montreal.  The museum on the upper level is very very very boring, about the life of Marguerite Bourgeoys.  Not saying that her life was boring, but the way it's presented to you is not worth your time.Anyway, take a gander at the chapel; skip the museum talk and dollhouses and such, and climb up all the crazy staircases to the top of the church.  The staircases going down are not the same (these staircases are too small to handle two-directions of traffic), and they lead to a sort of crypt-basement that was kinda neat, but nothing really special.  Seriously not handicap-accessible, or for anyone who has trouble dealing with stairs.  Parking for the church is anywhere you can find on the streets or in pay-parking-lots.Best if visited on Free-Museum-Day (last Sunday in May, I think?)
5	Totally worth the $5 pp admission fee for the archaeology tour and chance to climb up to the top of the tower to get a great view of the city. Skip the doll diorama exhibit, it is weird and a waste of time. Whole visit will take about an hour, then grab a delicious crepe nearby.
5	This is an absolutely wonderful church and museum. The exterior of the church is gorgeous and the inside is very beautiful as well. You can also tour the museum part, which was neat (though the doll area can definitely be skipped) for a small fee. The best part is definitely climbing to the top of the chapel and viewing the skyline of Montreal, which is great. You can also climb down to the crypt area of the church afterwards, so it's a really neat place to visit overall.
5	I have passed this old church hundreds of times but I've never gone inside prior to today. I knew this was the oldest chapel in Montreal, but it was really nice to go in and experience the peaceful, understated serenity of this old, humble church (especially after just visiting Basilica Notre Dame, and experiencing that church's grandeur). I appreciated how there was no charge to go in and check out the interior (we did not opt to go to the museum, for which there is a charge). I wasn't aware that this is called "The Sailors' Church". There are model ships suspended from the church's ceiling. Very interesting.I hear that one can climb a tower and be rewarded with a wonderful view of the city (if one pays the museum cost of admission).
