1	This place is horrible. I can't stress how bad. I ordered hotwings and fries, my wife ordered a gyro and fries. The hot wings were some crappy frozen wings, that were thrown into an oven and delivered to me 25 minutes late, with no sauce whatsoever on them. Just dry disgusting chicken wings. The fries were unsalted and probably came out of a bag from the grocery store. The gyro my wife ordered was about 3/4" thick, not sure ifanyone knows a good gyro in this town, but they're not supposed to be a flat thing with fourslices of meat, no tomatoes and about three slices of onion. I have no idea how this place is in business, but they will never have to worry about delivering late tome again.
1	Oh myyyy gosh. Why didn't I come to this site before ordering from these people??I'm on vacation and I use an online food delivery service, so that I can relax in the hotel room and enjoy my meal. I placed an order for the vegetarian pizza, vegetarian sub, the combo platter, and zeppolis. Like everybody else commented, the delivery woman was 40minutes late. I recieved my food cold and was lucky enough to have a microwave in the room. The Flaws:1. The vegetarian pizza was literally flattened white cheese, very litte sauce, 3 toppings on each slice... The pizza literally looked and tasted like cheap grade school cafeteria food. 2. The vegetarian sub- well It was decent but the avocados were actually brownish. The bread was also somewhat stale. 3. The combo platter- The cheese in the cheese sticks was already solidified and the entire platter is fried so by the time it got to us it was super soggy. 4. The Zeppolis- just plain hard. as hard as old pieces of bagel. I am so dissapointed and even even though I contacted the restaurant, I have not received a refund or apology. This place is honestly a "Kitchen Nightmares" episode/experience. Never again will I order from them!
2	I placed the order on this place las night, through GrubHub.I had a Philly Steak pizza and a Philly Steak paninni with a side of coleslaw!First of all, it took around one hour, one hour and 15 minutes for the meal to come, but that's not such a big issue with me since I'm a patient guy!The paninni I would say was quite good, but the coleslaw was very-very dry!And still that's not the biggest issue!The pizza tasted quite good also, my issue with it is the size of the actual pizza!It was a 18" but in the photo of it you can clearly see where the toppings are starting to be spread!So, I paid for a 18" and I actually got a 16" or less pizza!Definitely I won't order nothing from this guys anymore! So, future customers, beware!
