3	Great spot to get a basic sub - they pile the meat extra high and the service is always friendly.  A regular sub is 7"and is enough for two meals for me - they also have giant 14" subs and mini 3.5" subs. You can get your sub 'Mike's Way' which is the way I like it (oil, vinegar, oregano, salt, pepper, tomato, onion), and they have other basics for subs.  A big step up from Subway.
4	I like that they grill up the vegetables here for their veggie subs.  I thought the green peppers were scrumptious and the cheese was stacked high.  There really isn't any out of the ordinary here, just classic sandwich stuff.  I thought that the ingredients were very fresh and I like the younger folks behind the counter; they were easy to pick up a conversation with.  I prefer this over both Subway and Quiznos.  I really can't put my finger on it, maybe it is the mass quantity of fresh ingredients and the fresh baked bread.
3	Nicely renovated sub shop.  Great sandwiches and very nice owner.  I definitely plan on returning.
1	I have ordered hot subs and for some reason they don't understand that not everyone wants white american. I gave them two chances and they haven't gotten it right yet! I will go to Sub Station across the street from now on!
5	Went to Jersey Mike's for the first time-- I always drive by it and decided to give it a try. I ordered online. It was really easy and the food was ready when I arrived. It was nice and clean inside and the people who worked there were friendly.I got both a cold sub (Italian) and a hot sub (Kahuna Cheese Steak). They were EXCELLENT. Next time, I will request oil on the side for the Italian sub because it soaked through the bread when I got home. Nevertheless, I am a fan and will definitely come here again.
3	The guy that helped me was very nice. However for $7 I expect more out of my sandwich. I had the tuna salad, which wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. Honestly I could get a better, less expensive sub at sub station two or Harris teeter.
4	YUM! This was my first time eating at Jersey Mike's and it was yum yum in my tum. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with mushrooms added. I'm also glad they offer Vickie's chips :) The two guys working were very nice and I'm happy that this is down the road from my new place!
4	Philly, yes! This is a small store and i you go to Jersey Mikes, you know what they have. Staff was nice and my sammich was good, so really can't complain here. I'll be back for another.
1	After driving by everyday for months I finally stopped in for a sub and was completely unimpressed. Even though the shop was nearly empty, the staff was indifferent and they forgot what I ordered multiple times.The chicken parm sub I ordered was a hot bland mess. Instead of crispy breaded chicken inside, it had plain unseasoned chicken slices which was covered in cheese and a sauce one step away from ketchup. To top it all off the sub was microwaved, which made the inside insanely hot and turned to bread to rubber.Maybe their regulars subs are better, but the next time I spend $10 on a sub and soda, it definitely won't be here.
3	Good food, good service.  The dining area is very small, so I suggest take-out.  Parking is almost impossible at 12pm so arrive early.
2	Just got a club sub and there was no lettuce, tomato, onion oil vinegar nothing I ordered a # 8 , it clearly says on the sign it comes with mikes  way or whatever, I'm done with jersey mikes
