3	Had the advertised $9.99 prime rib dinner special.It wasn't bad.  Thought the prime rib was decent, though a little too salty in places.  It comes with garlic mashed potatoes and corn on the cob.  I also had a cornbread muffin.The waiter dude was very friendly and accomodating.  I asked for mixed veggies instead of corn on the cob and after a brief miscommunication with the kitchen--I got a nice large side of veggies.I wish some of the items were served hotter.  The cornbread was cold.The atmosphere was surprisingly chill and calm, considering just outside the restaurant in the casino is a large rowdy Hooters restaurant and crowd.I'd eat here again if I was staying in the hotel but wouldn't make a special trip.
2	I am not a fan of wings (too many bones and it just LOOKS messy) nor am I a fan of $9.99 prime rib.  But my man was really, really excited about both AND this place is open 24 hours.  When you are coming in from an outing of gambling and drinking, you are going to want to eat.We were staying at this hotel, so this was convenient.  I think we got in about 1:30 a.m. and there was a hell of wait.  But it turns out that the hostess was slammed with taking room service calls, ringing up bills, AND the occasional bussing of tables, so she was busting some serious ass in order to keep up.  I do not blame her for the wait at all.  When she did get to the parties that were waiting, we got seated right away.The waitress took some time to get to us.  Granted, she was busy too.  I ordered a Newcastle to drink and she had to go out to the casino bar to get it, if that says anything.  He ordered the plain wings (from midnight to 6:00 a.m., wings are $0.25 each, but you must order a minimum of 10) and the $9.99 prime rib.  I ordered the club sandwich.My sandwich was tasty and done well.  The bacon was cooked through, the fries were seasoned a little.  I have no complaints, except that you could tell that the turkey was from the packet of cheapest cold cuts you can buy.But the prime rib and the wings was not a hit with my man.  He hated them both.  He said the wings were greasy and tasteless and the meat was horrible.  Fatty, bad tasting...and this was all after a night of drinking when the taste buds are destroyed.  I noticed that the meat was turning grey too.  Blech.It took forever to get the bill when we were done with dinner.  All in all, play it safe here and get some traditional greasy spoon fare.  You should be fine.  Don't fall for the specials.  And while service was slow, I blame that on the management for not staffing enough people to work.  All those who were working busted some serious tail.
4	I ate here twice on our trip to vegas because I loved it the first time, but on my second visit, I noticed some inconsistencies. I tried the beef brisket, jalapeno corn muffin, mashed potato, and bbq salad. The corn muffin was awesome. It comes with a slightly sweetened butter, and the muffin itself has chunks of real corn throughout. It was probably the best corn muffin I've ever had. The bbq salad was a little hit-or-miss. I ordered it on two occasions, and once the avocado was came sliced and once it came chopped (there was very little of it). Also, my salad was missing the crunchy onion toppings the second time. I didn't miss the onion crunchies because I don't particularly like them, but I expect to receive the same dish when I order it on two separate occasions. The mashed potatoes tasted garlicky once, and more plain the second time. The brisket bbq was really good: moist and full of bbq flavor. Everyone goes for the prime rib special ($9.95), but nobody mentions the other dishes that are also $9.95: the bbq brisket and brisket & chicken combo. The bbq brisket is a better dish than the ribs, and it's a bigger portion too. AND!!! It comes with a corn muffin!Service is slow, however, but at least you have a dozen or so TVs to watch your game while you wait for your check...
2	I don't really like Hooters' wings, but at 25 cents a pop, I'm not going to complain too much. However, it was rather unfortunate that the Hooters girls aren't actually there the same time as the wing deal.The wings were so greasy that my friend ended up puking back at the hotel from all the fat. But he's a wuss anyway ;)
1	The food was ok but we had to wait for about an hour and a half after we ordered for it to show up! Not only that but the wait person was quite rude. Save your time, go somewhere else.
2	went for the prime rib special $9.95,and the wait was nothing,as i guess these reviews are scaring people away from eating there???  This restaurant is in Hooter's,but the hotel and casino is real old,no camera in the elevators and doubt they have any one patrolling the parking lots??? And they have a promo with Hooter's to play $100 free on a $5 slot machine 3 at a times,and just waste a few minutes to win nothing,or real $$,must rack up 1700 points-WTF.Ok back to the food,wait was none,and I usually prefer my prime rib rare,they said there was none,when they brought mine out-close to medium, the jalapeno corn muffin was great,with there honey butter,garlic mash too,but the corn was old or sitting out a long time.. The waiter at this time was attentive,but overall I would not go there again... Thx for the reviews on the in wings,as in CA at the Applebees' ,they are a happy hour appertizers and usually pretty good with and/or with sauce on the side..
4	During a previous trip, we saw a sign that read, "$0.25 wings from Midnight to 6AM" on the Hooters Casino floor.  However, we figured it was at the actual Hooters restaurant...when in fact it was here at the Mad Onion.Next LV trip, it was on our must-do list.We arrived around 3AM to a 30 minute wait.  There's 4 chairs in the "lobby" area of the restaurant, or you can hang around outside and put some money into the penny slots while you wait.Cliff notes:- If you order a combo of wings & drums, they are 25 cents each.  HOWEVER,  I counted 9 wings and 1 drum in my order of 10.  The next order of 10 was the same ratio (do the cooks count this out?)- If you want ALL drums, it's $1.00 more per order of 10.  I think I'm going to spend the extra 10 cents per and do this route next time.- Our server offered us choices of Mild, Med, Hot or BBQ.  I did 10 hot and 10 BBQ.  The hot was more like medium and the BBQ was more like "I'll take some chicken with my BBQ sauce".  If you love your sauce, then get these.  It was too much for me though.- If you want ranch or blue cheese dressing, it's $1/container and each container will last approximately 5-6 wings.
3	We come here at least once whenever we're in Vegas.  My man is a wing-freak and even that's a serious understatement.  We usually go to Hooter's between clubs since we get so hungry and/or drunk at the first club that we need some sustenance to soak up the alcohol in order to keep partying.  When you're that intoxicated and hungry, anything tastes good, but now that I'm sober and just chillin' on my couch thinking about the food, it actually really sucks.  It's totally sub-par, too salty, and too greasy.  The restaurant itself is decorated kinda nice but the place is dirty.  The booths usually have an abundance of crumbs and food in the buttons.  And even at 3am, there's usually a wait for a table, since everyone else is there for 25 cent wings.  The people there are pretty ghetto and you'll see a lot of girls in there without shoes on or practically passed out at their table.  The service is hit or miss.  Sometimes we get a cool server and sometimes we get a grumpasaurus.  But with all that said, I know my man is still gonna want to go here every trip for his wings fix.
2	Such a crazy name for a restaurant in the Hooters hotel.  The star deal of this place are the 25 cents wings that are offered after midnight, which trust me, is better off sober and not drunk.The place gets pretty busy after midnight because of the deal, so you could be waiting anywhere from ten minutes to an hour for a seat.  For my experience, I really just wanted to tackle these wings that I've heard so much about.When you order the wings, you need to buy them in sets of ten (so $2.50 per batch), and you select a style of flavoring.  The mild flavored were pretty disgusting because they were so buttery, and really upsets your stomach if you are wasted beyond belief.  My friends and I ordered the BBQ and Spicy wings.  Be warned that these wings are different from other Hooters restaurants.  The wings themselves weren't that great, and really greasy.  And if you add too much hot sauce on these wings, they will really mess you up if you are drunk.This wasn't quite the drunk-food I was looking for during the evening, so I would pass for something else if you could.  Oh well, at least it was cheap.
2	ewww how the HELL did i end up in hooters in the first place??? and actually waiting to eat dried out wings for an hour at 4am!? and mild means to toss crusty wings in butter? BUTTER?? WTF ewwww SICK!!! I was blotting my face with a napkin for an hour after! and the service?? If you wana call a dude who acts as if I AM bothering HIM at work a server then,,, yaa ok sure! lol! NewaysBOTTOM LINE... me thinks NO
2	definitely stop by here for the wings when we're in vegas!!! the wing special is only from 12am to 6am i think so it can get pretty crowded. the wait can be anywhere from 30 min-1.5 hours.you have to order the wings in 10 pc increments. and the dipping sauces are a dollar extra i think. although the restaurant is in the hooters casino, it's not the wings you'd get at a hooters restaurant. there's too much breading! i swear the breading to chicken ratio is 2:1. sometimes they come out kinda warm or cold. i always get the hottest flavor. it really burns but it's a good burn!whether you're drunk or sober, it's two different experiences. if you're drunk, you probably wouldn't mind if the wings are overbreaded and warm. i know i didn't. but once i went when i was sober, and i couldn't believe i loved the wings there previously. nevertheless, it's cheap eating and you can't beat that after losing money gambling, drinking, and clubbing.
3	Visited Mad Onion after hitting the clubs.  Everything's the same but just wanted to give a review on what I randomly ordered.  In my drunken stupor, I ordered Eggs Benedict (something I never, ever eat) and French Onion Soup.  Took one bite of the Eggs Benedict and I was done.  Yuck!  But the French Onion Soup was good.  Just wanted to give an update.
1	If you have a choice don't eat here. Spend the cab fare to go get real food.On night after seeing the Purple Reign show, which is amazing, we played the slots and danced at Dixie's, but around 3am we were super hungry. The Mad Onion is open 24 hours so we headed inside.First there was a super long wait to get seated. Lots of large groups waiting around in their lobby with limited seating. My friend and I had to share a tiny spot on a couch. The wait was about 35 minutes.Once in I ordered the chicken fingers and my friend got a breakfast platter. We both weren't happy with the food but we were starving so we ate and had to hunt down our server because he was completely absent. OVER $25 BUCKS FOR AN APPETIZER AND SOME EGGS??!?!?! I was so pissed.A few hours later when I woke up I could not stop throwing up. It was horrible. That damn food got me so sick I wanted to die. Please learn from my time over the toilet and don't eat here.
1	I got sick from the $9.99 prime rib special.  The mash potatoes tasted like it came from those instant packages.  The service was terribly slow.  I saw a couple that hated their food so much they stuck around for 15 minutes so they could complain to the manager.
1	Gross.. Gross hotel, gross food.I heard of the .25 cent wing special at Hooters, and I figured.. it's effin Hooters, I'm assuming it's HOOTERS style wings? nope, it's not, and nope, this .25 cent special is now only limited to a different restaurant, and only until midnight.. so we had no choice but to go here for some late night eats.. the place itsself is ok looking.. though its def dinerish, dont' let the photos online fool you.  Since I came here on a mission to have wings, I ordered the $7.95 special.. about $10 wings w/fries.... felt like a fortune since I was expecting .25 cent wings, haha.  They came out piping hot and quick.. but maybe too quick.. it was oozing hot oil... out of every piece of chicken I bit into, it tasted like bland chicken w/layers of oil.. oil did nothing to flavor the chicken..... it was gross!! I could feel a layer of fresh hot oil sticking to my stomach and I couldn't go on after two wings.. i doused it w/some hooters hot sauce too... really.. u have authentic 'hooters' hot sauce, but ya can't have authentic hooters wings? yea ok.BF had mozz sticks.. he said they were frozen n not very good..I should've gotten the grave yard special of chicken fried steak with hashbrowns, toast n scrambled eggs for $2.99... cheaper and I'm sure out of all the options on my plate I would've found something I liked..
3	the diner at hooter's casino/hotel. fun, casual, comfortable dining.  you gotta be careful what you order; it's hit/miss here.  i got the ribs & chicken breast dinner--ribs good & plentiful.  chicken & garlic mashed potatos so dry, i couldn't eat more than half.  good thing it was comped.  prime rib dip--pretty much the only item i'll order.  best dip sandwich i've had anywhere.   chili bowl good & worth getting again.  i once went before 7pm & they had a free happy hour spread w/meatballs, jalapeno poppers, chips, salsa, vegies & cheesy tots.  you just have to buy a drink.  i enjoyed this free spread & will seek it out again.
4	This place is really chill and laid back.  Great place to go to after a club in vegas.  How can you beat this price, 25 cent wings from 12 midnight till 6am.  Perfect drunk food.  Highly recommended if you're craving wings after a club.  There might be a wait depending on what time you go, but overall good wings.  Tip: If you want extra sauce and don't want to pay for it, just ask for the HOOTERS sauce, its FREE!
4	This cafe is located inside the Hooters Casino.  Came here the next morning after we woke up around 2pm, and needed some food!  So we walk in, and first off, the place looked empty, with only 3 tables taken, and we were one of those 3..LOL.  Not a good sign I thought.. Well yes, i was wrong.Being that usually all these little cafe's in any of "on" the strip casinos are always packed, this one wasnt.  And let me tell you, the food was great and prices were really good as well, especially for the generous portions we got.I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs, cause thats how I do.  Needed my breakfast fix at 230pm.  So my plate comes, and its this humongous chicken fried steak, two eggs, and home fries, with gravy on the side, and some toast...  Oh oh oh...yup i just orgasmed cause it was so good...My friend had the prime rib dinner, which came with garlic mashed, and big slab of prime rib, au jus and horseradish on the side, and some vegetables.  I tasted a piece of the prime rib, and oh man, nice and tender...All in all with a coffee and a soda, our meal came out to be under 27 dollars...Not bad at all... Loved that it wasnt packed, and the service was good.Would definitely come back!!
2	Went there after the club waiting to get my hands on some wings...after waiting for a table for 30 minutes, we sat down only to find out that they DISCONTINUED THE DAMN 25cent WINGS!!!!  It's $7.99 now for 10 wings and fries, BS.....anyways, it is cheap food price and quality wise.  You get what you pay for.  Waiter messed up the order, but whatever.And if you want wings tossed in butter, get mild...:/
3	Average eating establishment, thats it. It is an overpriced DEenny's.
4	We stayed at the hotel.. when we first arrived we tried to come here for lunch.. there was about 7 of us and it looked straight empty inside but they claimed the wait would be 30 min...? wtf.. so we ate elsewhere.. We made a 2nd attempt the next night.. and we got seated right away.. the service was good.. no complaints.. We all ordered the prime rib.. m.r...it was very tasty.. and their bread with some special butter they had.. so mouthwatering...10 bucks for a prime rib dinner? Works for me! I would come back here again if i want something to fill me up and very cheap.
3	After getting over my disappointment that Dan Marino's was now Mad Onion and 25 cent wings were now 7.99 for a plate of 10, I decided to go with their 9.95 Prime Rib Dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The Jalapeno Corn Muffin and Cinnamon Butter was yummy and so was the prime rib and mashed potatoes. Not the cheapest of meals in vegas b/w 12-6am but I was satisfied. I probably won't be back because I would rather have $4 steak and eggs.
2	Price good. Food bad. Shouldn't be too difficult for anyone else to reach those same conclusions.
2	I was staying at Hooters and decided at try out Mad Onion after a 1am dip in the pool...I ordered the 10-piece wings and fries for $7.95, and my husband ordered one of the $2.99 breakfast specials. The food was great...although the fries were spicier than the wings which was weird...but the service was HORRIBLE. this was a Tuesday night...or shall i say Wednesday morning...and it wasnt packed. there was maybe 4 other tables with people and I saw 2 other servers besides ours. Yet the only time I actually saw our server was when he took our order. Someone from the kitchen brought our food. And after about 15 minutes and deciding I wanted to just get a box and go to my room, I realized no one had checked on us. After sitting there annoyed for about another 5 minutes I finally just told my husband to go ask the seating hostess for our check and a box to go. which took another 5 minutes to get. I'm usually not picky about service but this one ticked me off.
1	This is a review of the breakfast buffet.  I can't complain too much because it was complimentary.The buffet was mediocre.  The selection was very limited.  It had your standard fare - eggs, potatoes, danishes, cereal, breakfast meats, etc.  The buffet bar was maybe 12' long... not what you'd see at one of the bigger resorts.  It really was nothing special.  I found that to be disappointing.  Service was mediocre as well.
1	It's like my food was cooked then marinated in methane...Substandard.
4	Excellent prime rib dinner. We really enjoyed the bartender, Kevin W. He took very good care of us at the bar and in the restaurant. We also liked the $1.50 Bud / Bud Lite /  Bud Lite Lime bottled beer. We visited here 3 times (for either lunch or dinner) in 5 days and were very happy every time!
3	Inside the Hooters Casino and Hotel, this place is pretty cool and relaxing from all the Hooters hubbub out there. A few little notes... $5.50 Bud Light bottles versus the casino bars outside is $1.50.  Do not buy beer here. Very strong mixed drinks, pretty worth the $8.Very good bruschetta... it's like garlic bread with melted cheese and some awesome tomato vinegary stuff... it's GREAT.
4	Yes I came here after many drinks and clubbing...but the food hit the spot! The hostess was friendly considering it was 2am. Our waitress was also friendly and provided us with speedy service. My girl and I ordered two of the $2.99 breakfast specials. The potatoes, cheese, eggs and chicken fried steak were all tasty...especially with a little tabasco. Not sure what the food tastes like when sober, but after a night of drinking, and for a total of less than $7 for two...Yay! I'm a fan!
5	What the heck is Mad Onion? Ohhh it used to be Dan Marino's, the place who has the best chicken wings ever!Despite the drastic price change of graveyard specials, especially the wings, I still find myself coming here for the wings.  It used to be .25 cents a wing, now it's $7.95 for 10 wings and fries.  The name and price may have changed but thank goodness the quality and taste of the wings didn't.  I always order the wing special. Mild, which has no spice at all, just a butter based sauce.  You might think it's grease or oil, no, it's flavor! And I get the house ranch instead of that nasty packaged ranch. (best ranch ever)   There's also never any wait everytime I eat here.  And the food comes lighting fast! PS. they now have a $9.95 prime rib dinner special that's available 24/7 which I will try soon.
2	The downfall of this restaurant is that the food is sub par to possibly not palatable.  My boyfriend took a gamble on the $9.99 12 oz prime rib and it so bad that he barely touched it and then stared at my plate until I offered some of my sandwich, which certainly wasn't the cat's meow either.  When we sat down to dinner, we hadn't eaten in over 12 hours.  The mozzarella sticks were the one item that I might order again if I were to bother coming bad, which I wouldn't.  The wait staff was friendly and I have no complaints there.  The restaurant was nice enough looking, but the bench seating was kind of low and the table seemed too wide for the spacing between the benches.  I sort of felt like the table was infringing on my personal space.  Bottom line, skip this place.  I have a feeling that we certainly would have if it hadn't been so convenient to our hotel's location.
3	I typically come here at midnight for the graveyard specials. It's not the usual steak & eggs, but wings and fries. Although I am truly saddened by the fact that it used to be Dan Marinos and they used to have 25 cent wings.. At least the wings still taste great but I must say the service just gets more whack every time. Oh and i suggest never to park in their parking structure. If you cant find parking outside then the best spot is to park at tropicana nearest to hooters. yeahh theres a little secret passage way through the bushes.Also, recently I've discovered that their steak speacial isn't so bad either.
5	After Dan Marino's closed they renamed the place Mad Onion. They Still carry  the same wings here but the price is not the same. I still come here with friends because regardless of the name change, they still have the best wings ever. I still come here with friends from time to time. Not many people know of this place but it truly is a great place for late night eats. If wings and fries aren't your thing they also have a pretty good graveyard special/breakfast skillets. Be sure to swing by here on your next visit to Vegas.
1	Destroy the Mad Onion! What happened to Dan Marino?! He ditched this place and turned it into a whack sack of chicken wings that shrunk! The best part about (the reason why it even has 2 stars) is that the wings are still 25 cents. They should charge 15 cents for how small the wings shrunk!Quick tip: Order the wings naked and ask for sauce on the side! They come out super soggy and oily beyond the BP accident out in the ocean!Another things that destroyed what made this an awesome late night spot is the ranch swap! What gives with that?! I mean, what restaurant even carries individual ranch dressing buckets and on top of that, CHARGES you for it! Ridiculous! Whoever kidnapped Mr. Marino and placed Mr. Onion in his restaurant needs to be found and punished for this heinous abomination! I mean, COME ON! You're in a Hooters hotel for God's sake. Represent the legendary wings chain!The only reason why I would EVER go back to the Mad Onion is when they bring Mr. Marino, the large wings, and ranch free of charge. Or if my friends forced me and played the "you're my friend and you have to support me in coming to the Mad Onion because I love this place" card.=========================================================UPDATE-- Correction! The wings are no longer 25 cents! They're $7.95 for 10 wings and fries.... Star removed!
4	This place used to be called Dan Marino's, but they changed it to the Mad Onion.  Service:  Our waitress was amazing.  Came here for dinner on Saturday night.  They became super busy as our dinner commenced, but our waitress was able to handle it.  She brought us extra rolls, always quick with drink refills, side-refills, extra sauce.  She was just great.  Food:  I ordered the bbq beef brisket.  Pretty amazing.  I got regular rolls instead of the jalapeno cornbread, so I was able to make little sandwiches out of it!  A friend got the $9.95 prime rib, and that was also pretty good.  I actually wished I ordered that instead, but I was happy with my brisket!  Same price too!  Pretty cheap!  Secret tip:  If you're a fatty and love ribs, they still have their "All you can eat ribs" for $17.95 (or $18.95).  It isn't listed on the menu, but they still have it if you ask for it.  It includes unlimited side-orders as well!
3	I stayed at Hooters for one night.... and ate here twice! The food isn't bad, it's fairly priced and I was sort of impressed. We originally lined up to eat at the hooters in the back of the casino, but came here instead because there was no line. I had the $10 Prime rib dinner, and although it wasn't amazing, it really wasn't bad for $10! The waitress we had was nice for the most part, but I got weirded out when she kept telling every table how bad she needed to pee.....Anyways, we came back later that night after clubbing and got the $3 breakfast. It wasn't amazing once again, but its $3, and when your tired and all danced out, it tastes pretty good. Over all the decor is nice, not tacky like the rest of the hotel. If your on a tight budget, I definitely recommend Mad  Onion!
2	Terrible terrible terrible....wings were dry and disgusting....nachos were pretty much microwaved...disgusting all the way around.
3	Cheap prime rib. I wasn't expecting much, but it was not bad at all. The Rolls were decent but the mashed potatoes were pretty bad. I like garlic probably a little more than the next guy but wow were these potatoes garlicy. So much so that I couldnt eat them. My wife had the ribs, which had leftovers of :) Again not bad at all. Service was fine. No complaints. It wasnt busy att all while we were there. Oh, and for those of you that are on the shorter side: sit at a table with chairs, not a booth.
3	Wasn't expecting much here since it was at the Hooters, but the country fried steak had a pretty good taste and the rather flat biscuit that came with it was alright.   They were running a bit light on help when we came here, but still was timely and it was nice to have a few TVs available to watch the Pro Bowl on, though they could have been spaced better so that viewing could be done from more than one side of a table.  The food value to the dollar value I felt was worth the experience and in line with the whole Hooters, tacky, semi-cheap theme.
1	So after a long Vegas night of gambling and a magic show, and convincing the old man not to empty out our savings we head out of the MGM to the car.  I wanted to sober up my guy a little and convince him why not spending the rest of our money at ANOTHER casino was a good thing so I turned to Yelp to help me in my quest.  Mad Onion came up.  It was inside the Hooters casino so I figured at least the pretty girls will distract him from the poker cards, but, alas, there wasn't any!  Where did they all go?We went inside the Mad Onion and were seated after 5 minutes (it was dead, so I don't know why we had to wait).  We started out with the shrimp cocktail and onion soup.  The shrimp cocktail was good, but the onion soup wasn't.  It had barely any soup, in fact, it was just soggy bread and cheese.  He ordered the pork chops and I ordered the Cajun Prime Rib.  Pork Chops weren't cooked all the way.  The HUGE portion of mashed potatoes for the side wasn't bad, but they didn't give us any gravy for them.  The cajun prime rib was way over seasoned and salty.  I kept wondering where our waiter was, too (I needed more water to wash down the salty food).  I think we wasted around $80 here.After we were done, we had to wait forever for valet (it was dead, people!).  I don't plan on coming here again.
2	When in Vegas, you'd never find me at Hooters Hotel & Casino but we happen to swing by because my gf had a $200 voucher for free slot play. As her 10 minutes of free slot play came and went we were incredibly hungry. Mad Onion was pretty empty but we decided to check it out anyways.Your typical Vegas casino diner just not nearly as good. Granted the menu theme was cute with their "mad" names such as the Irritated Italian Sausage and Peppers but the food was a disappointing. Their menu ranges from a $20 dollar steak to a $10 blt all the way to a $35 surt and turf. I opted to get the mad onion burger. A mean 1/2lb patty and despite the burger being juicy it lacked flavor. The fries were limp and cold. Nothing about this place would ever bring me back. Good day Mad Onion. I won't be seeing you ever again.
3	They serve Hooter's wings on their menu.  The wings were good, buttery and crispy.  The onion rings are hand battered, but the chef used the tough part of the onion which makes those larger rings inedible. The club sandwich was good.
1	What would expect an after hours spot with .25cent wings?Im not going to say the food was terrible but why would it take about hour to get 20wings and a garden salad?First of all as I went to get a card in order to receive the wing for .25cent the greeter forgot to put my name on the waiting list so after the 30 min wait and by the time I noticed a 3rd who arrived after us, party of 2, be seated I asked where was I on the list. As they added my name they said I would be next.As we were seated they took there time before a waiter came to our table and for the most part he was friendly. They brought us our drinks in a timely fashion but by the time I finished my beer I realized that some time had passed. I had to flag down the bus boy so our waiter could be found. When he came over I informed him that when we arrived the party behind was just leaving and now there was a new party of 6 that have been sat and served before we got our food. He tried to pull his ticket to see when were we sat and I had to stop him and tell him, in a calm but firm manner, I don't care what your ticket say I know we were sat and we order prior to the people at the other table ever taking a seat. Within 2minutes our food came out.So then the food arrives. Why with a small garden salad I am given about 6oz of dressing but with the wings I am informed after the fact that I need to purchase my single serving, 2oz, prepackaged ranch for a dollar? I didn't mind paying the dollar but when have you ever ordered wings and had to purchase the dressing on the side?I don't care how drunk I am I will never go there again. And not the waiter didn't get a tip.
1	Don't waste your time at the mad onion. Went to dinner with family and friends and we waited for over an hour for our food. And when it finally arrived only half arrived. Half of the family had to wait another 10 minutes for there food. I order the new York steak well done. And it was cold in the middle....it was nasty....the only reason we went to the mad onion was because one of our friends was staying at the hooters casino. And they invited us to dinner there....Next time I will refuse a free meal there.....
4	We were staying at the Hooter's Hotel and this place is located inside.  We were starving after our flight and decided this was a good place to go.Our waitress was awesome. She was super friendly and bubbly and made us feel right at home.  She was attentive and was quick with drink refills and the check.The fried calamari was by far the best I ever had.  It had a light breading and didn't have that normal "chewiness".  The menu items had fun names like "Not so nice nachos" and "Cranky Calamari."The house wine wasn't too good though.  I'd suggest not getting the Merlot.... ick.I enjoyed it so much, we went back for breakfast another day.  And they were quick on the coffee refills!
4	For all those $.25 chicken wing lovers, I know your world came crumbling down that the deal was canceled. But behold, I have wonderful news!! IT"S BACK!!!! We came here for the graveyard special- $.25 chicken wings!!! There's a few rules about it though- you have to be an owl rewards card holder (you can join at the restaurant), you have to order a non-refillable drink for $1.50, and you must order in denominations of 10. Other than that, go wild!! We got 40 last night- 1/2 honey BBQ (YUM!!) and 1/2 medium (not so yum). Our server was CeCe- she was freakin awesome!! This was my first time here and it was overall a great way to end the night.
2	I stopped by here for breakfast after a week of sausage and eggs at the Desert Rose resort next door. Now don't get me wrong - I love sausage and eggs, but it gets old after seven days. Anyway...The service here was absolutely horrible. After I sat down I was able to browse the menu long enough to decide what I wanted to eat and I still sat there a few minutes before my waiter came by to take my order. He brought out my coffee after I did so, and I did not see him back at my table until about 20 minutes after I finished eating. He didn't even bring out my food! Someone in the kitchen took care of THAT for him. I got my one, and only, coffee refill when he brought me the check and I never got my water refilled. I was there for breakfast, so my review isn't going to mention the infamous prime rib for .25 cent wings. The custard French toast I had was decent. Not spectacular, not horrible, and reasonably priced for the portion size (and considering the fact that the restaurant is on the strip).I've seen some other reviews that mentioned great service at this place, so either that greatness is inconsistent or I happened to get the one really crappy waiter they have on staff. In any case, I wouldn't be likely to eat here again after my experience.
3	I came here after midnight for the $.25 wings (must sign up for a player's card). For $.25, these wings rock! Try the barbeque, which is the best flavor to me. The regular wings are good too, just really buttery (but I like butter).The 911 is toooooo tangy and salty!
4	"Wow, you wouldn't have known that we're inside the Hooters Hotel." --My friend Khathy H. said this about the establishment. With that being said, this place is pretty nice looking.  The menu options have some Vegas related names/spins. Overall, the place is a no-hassle, simple, affordable, American food restaurant.  What did I order? The American something on the breakfast menu. For around $8 I got four slices of toast, 4 sausage links, two eggs & some country style potatoes. Was it good? Yup. Would I recommend this place? Yeah!
1	Haven't written a bad review for a little while...If you're in Hooters casino for some reason, you'll probably see the wing special at this cafe (.25 wings after midnight).  They make you buy a drink, $1.50 a beer is not a bad deal, but you do pay $1.00 a ranch which you WILL need for these reasons:The wings are overcooked, crunchy, lacking sauce, and have no meat on the bones.Not only that, the service was very slow.  Our waitress was horrible and not friendly at all.  I think she had better things to do, than do her job.I would not recommend this place at all...even after a long night of drinking, try hitting somewhere else: (Kim Long is 24/7 for Vietnamese/Chinese, Earls Sandwich is 24/7 inside PH etc)
1	Not good! I've had better chicken tenders at Jack-in-the-Box. Small portions, no taste. Never again.
4	so when i go to vegas i NEED to eat a $10 prime rib dinner..sooOo my usual place was CLOSED..forever?! =(  i used to go to gold strike casino and have it for $10-$13 with tax/tip..so we were sad and went to check in at MGM and on the way there hooters casino is right across the street and they had a giant sign that said.."$9.95 prime rib dinner, served 24/7 at the mad onion"..O_O..i yelped it and everyone gave the restaurant bad reviews because of the wings..but i wasn't going there for that..!the restaurant is easy to find, has a bar and tv screens..this used to be another restaurant..? the prime rib was actually juicier than what i was used to and it was cooked perfectly! =D..it came with mixed veggies and mashed potatoes..DEFINITELY worth it!however the service was horrible as it took 15-20 minutes for a server to even take out drink order..hence the missing star..but i would recommend it and will make this my new go-to prime rib place..=)
1	My husband and I have been here twice during our LV vacation. Its was bad the first time and terrible the second time. We only went back the second time because I was starving and there was no other restaurant close by and it was 110 degrees outside. Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles. It is basically a soup with no taste at all. Please spend your money elsewhere.
2	Terrible Prime Rib. But the drinks were good and the French Onion soup was pretty tasty.
3	Mad Onion is actually a pretty cool place. It is located at the Hooters hotel. They have a 25 cent wing deal but the thing is the deal only goes if you're a member. We were bummed about that cause we totally got tricked. Non-members pay 50 cents a wing. Still cheap but we were hoping for the other deal. Anyways, the waiter was being really cool and gave us the 25 cent deal anyways. We decided to get regular buffalo wings. Just the perfect amount of heat. They weren't the best wings but they did the job. I would probably come here again if I want some cheap eats!
1	Horrible!  Service, atmosphere, and food were absolutely awful! The staff was not friendly. I don't even know if my waiter could speak....I never heard his voice.There  were holes in the broken seats. A disgrace for Las Vegas!
1	In town for a bachelor party so I thought I would have a little dinner here and ordered the prime rib dinner medium rare.  It came out have well done and half medium rare.  Needless to say it was tough and chewy.  The corn was overcooked like it has been sitting in a pot of hot water  for a couple of hours.  The garlic mash potatoes was not much better.  Tasted like plain unsalted mash potatoes.  Save your money!
2	the service was slow as can be!! we had to wait an hour to be seated and about 45 mins for our food to come out. i ordered a medium well steak and it was chewy and burnt! my root beer taste like syrup so i asked for water and that took about 20 minutes! every time we needed our waitress we had to flag her down. we added crab legs to our meal for only 8 bucks and they were delicious! although they were dangerous!! they has HUGE SHARP points on them which dug into your hands and made them nearly impossible to crack open! i will NOT return!!
1	Awful. We should have known this woul be a bad experience when there was no one to seat us and we had to go find someone. It took a long time to get our food and when it came it was horrible. The eggs were sour and the french toast was burnt. The table next to us never got drinks or their order taken so they got up and just left. I would recommend staying far away.
1	This place was horrible!  We got the free steak dinner and the service was the worse!  Our waitress talked to everyone.  It took an hour to get our dinner, and there was barley anyone in the restaurant.  Then it took another hour to get our check.  The food was boring.  The restaurant looked out dated and dirty.  The time we wasted there was not worth a free steak dinner.  I didn't want a potato with the dinner, I asked for french fries and the waitress told me no.  The texas toast was burnt, hard and stale.  Don't go back for the free dinner unless you lost allot of money gambling.
2	We wanted to give this place to try because we were all craving the wings. When we arrived we had a short wait but once we were there we were told the wings aren't until midnight to 6am. bummer! that really sucked.
5	$9.95 prime rib was amazing. We had breakfast there twice and food was really good. Service was top notch
4	25 cent chicken wings! Big chicken wings with good hot sauce, for 25 cents a piece! Who can complain? The special is after 12am, but I'd call ahead, and make sure. Happy hours always change in Vegas, better be sure if you're going.The wings are bigger than standard Hooter's wings, HOWEVER, their sauces DO NOT TASTE THE SAME! We ordered an order of 911 as well as mild. Their mild was literally just breaded chicken with butter, their 911, while hot, spicy, and tasty, did not taste the same as Hooter's standard 911. I have to say, I like the Hooter's sauces better, but the wings here are bigger. So, that's the trade off.Just like a regular Hooter's, I wouldn't order ANYTHING here, but the wings, as such, I can't vouch for anything else either.Our waitress was very nice, even though, she had table, upon table, of drunkards to handle. She took it like a pro!Food: 4Ambience: 4Service: 5Value: 5
4	A Solid 4 stars....I see this place has a slew of bad reviews and that's not fair because I thought it was absolutely great. I stayed in Hooters on my most recent trip to Vegas and found this place to be awesome. I ate here four times during my stay. The Prime Rib dinner was excellent and it was cooked to perfection each time. You got Prime Rib, corn on the cob, mashed potatoes, bread, horseradish sauce, and au jour sauce all for $9.95. As far as I am concerned you can't beat that. I also had a few breakfasts here. One was the Apple Cinnamon french toast with bananas which was very good but oh so big and filling. Additionally, I had their all american breakfast which was eggs, toast, tater tots, etc. (think standard fare). The place was decorated very nicely and had some cool onion pictures:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nuT8Bgfz7HTJQqbJFddkBw?select=RtulBft8anhBQ-SWcnfItwand soup pictures:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nuT8Bgfz7HTJQqbJFddkBw?select=lj6Xzw-Jc38EcffePU_IfAI will go on to say that each time I dined here I found the wait staff to be excellent. They were very prompt and attentive. I would definitely come here again! Highly recommended!
4	10 bucks for a prime rib dinner?  It was quite the deal and it fills you up, service was quick and it's conveniently located inside the hooters hotel/casino!  I think they renamed it to the Cattle Ranch or something like that now, no longer called the mad onion but just ask anyone and they'll point you in the right direction.
4	I'm going to have to give this place 4 stars soley based on their 25 cent wings and the fact that our waitress was so nice to use at 2 in the morning. I'm sure she has to deal with more drunk idiots than the county jail. Anyways, you really can't beat 25 cent wings at this place. We also ordered their nachos and onion fries. The onion fries were just chopped up onion rings but the batter was pretty good. The nachos were huge and had the artificial liquid cheese you would find at the movies and I love that stuff so bring it on. The waitress kept our drinks full and she was very nice to us. Thanks I will def be back here on a drunk night in vegas.
1	Stay Away- Far Away!Dont let the .25 wings lure you in! They are gross! I love Hooters wings - but these came out cold, tough and with barely any sauce. If you wanted the carrots/ celery it is an extra $1.00, If you want ranch or blue cheese, again an extra $1.00. Service was spotty to say the least.
1	Horrible service, horrible food and will definitely not go back. Very dissapointing....
1	Came here late night last Friday night, worse decision of my life!  This place has the worst service!!!  We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.  On top of that the .25 wings was a total bait and switch, plus they weren't that good anyways.  AVOID THIS PLACE WITH YOUR LIFE.  I'll never return to this dump.
2	OHH mad onion! The laughs that this restaurant has brought in to my life.On a Vegas trip my friends and I decided to stay at the Hooters Hotel for a cheap place close to the strip.  Needless to say, we spent many a night stumbling back to our hotel in search of buttery 25 CENT wings.In all honesty, they are nothing special and the service is less than mediocre...I would normally give it 1 star...but the memories that my friends and I have in this place still keep us laughing today!
4	I am surprised to find so many bad reviews about this place!   Located inside Hooter's Hotel and Casino, it offers cheap, better than expected food that is fabulous for the price.  And the wait staff was super nice and accommodating, even when my bill was under $5 -- which it was every single time I ate here.Perhaps I'm a bit biased because I had 3 FREE dine in only breakfast vouchers for their all american breakfast which my sister and I were surprisingly pleased with. It came with toast, eggs, potatoes and choice of bacon or sausage. We also they got 25 cents wings between midnight and 4 am on another visit which were also tasty with bbq.  Arriving at 4 am is not ideal because of obnoxious folk but overall this place is surprisingly pleasant during the day.   Best part about the free breakfast is that is was available 24/7 -- so we never actually ate it during breakfast time but during brunch, lunch and dinner.  I would come back here again for the wings -- yeah it took a while after midnight and they charged an extra $1 for ranch dipping sauce and to order you have to have an Owl Rewards card and buy at least 10 wings but it was all worth it!   One meal cost us $1.62 because the 2 breakfasts were free and the budlight ordered was $1.50 before tax.   If I have free coupon vouchers or want $1.50 budlight or want 25 cents wings, I will surely come back here! :)
4	Walked in about 2:30am, early Monday morning. There was a only a handful of people in the restaurant. I was seated quickly and had a very nice server named Karen. I ordered the All American. The Home Fries were awesome. There's a lot of bad reviews on Yelp; I can imagine that comes from when the restaurant is very busy. If the Hooters restaurant is packed, then you will probably end up eating in this place. I was able to get a good breakfast meal here for under 10 bucks with good service. I would eat here again.
3	Last night we caught the $9.99 prime rib special in Hooter's Hotel Mad Onion Restaurant. Although it ain't The Bellagio, the prime rib is decent.  There were zero flaws with the prime rib. The mashed potatoes were okay. And the yellow corn I could do without.  The booth seating is uncomfortable. I am not fat and I felt the table impinging into my belly.   For a Strip area restaurant, the $9.99 deal is good. However if you add a cola, tax, and tip; it develops into a $16 prime rib special. Still not bad for a Strip area restaurant. The Mad Onion is also a good beer spot. At the time of this review, beer is $1.50.
2	After midnight this place offers 25 cent wings. You can order a max of 10 per person + $1.50 bud light per order and you have to have a hooters card which is free.So my boyfriend and I came here and order 20 wings, a bud light, and ranch (they charge $1 for ranch) at around 3am. Our bill was only $10 something. What a steal!!!.. However what you pay for is really what you get and boy oh boy their wings were gross. It was greasy and tasted nothing like buffalo wings. It tasted plain and you can really taste the oil. Even if my meal was cheap I will probably never go here again. Sorry!1 star for the pricing1 star for opening late
5	Staff and service couldn't have been nicer. Great steak and the prices were incredible.  Free steak dinner with out of state ID.  Located in Hooters Casino
3	just got back from vegas and the cheapest food i had was the mad onion they have a steak and eggs for 2.99 steak was ok.there prime rib was good but coffee was 2.50 if in vegas and just about out of cash then i would recommend the mad onion
2	This place is just awful!It was about two years ago in 2010, when my family and my cousins family arrived in Las Vegas, looking for a bite to eat near the hotel we were staying at, and we found this place.1st thing that sucked-We waited over an hour for our food and we were the only ones at the restaurant besides this other couple(who's food came before ours). 2nd thing that sucked-My dad thought that they put too much dressing on his salad, so he asked if they could take the salad back, and instead of making a new salad, they added more lettuce which was ridiculous in this case.So if your looking for a late lunch and your really hungry, do NOT come here.S
3	Friendly server that took care of us with our order of 50 wangs!  They offer 25 cent wings after midnight til 6am but you have to order a $2.50 bud light with them.  Wait time was a tad bit long, but our server told us ahead of time.  I think it took about 20 minutes for our order to come up.  The place was full of drunkards like us, passed out on the tables taking a naps.  Cheap eats to help with the morning hangover!
2	we had 20 chicken wings and the prime rib dinner with a sprite for ~20 on a friday night (3am).- chicken wings are a bit oily. after a few, it becomes hard to eat. oil overwhelms the flavor. medium taste like regular fried chicken without sauce. - 10 wings for 2.50. can only get them 10 at a time. 25 cents only for owl club members you have to get a drink to get it also.- prime rib was a bit rubbery and cold. mash potatoes were pretty good. green beans were a bit disgusting, tasted like it came out from a can. - friendly and fast service.
1	no more 25cent wings. FAIL.
3	The only reason this place is getting a three star is because of the food. The staff is horrible, rude, and flat out disrespectiful. I had the front counter female roll her eyes at me when I asked her a simple question. I was with a party of 4 and we didn't have our players cards with us, so we needed to get them there since it was past 12pm. We waited in the line to be sited and asked the host about the cards being reprinted, once she had told us, there was a large group of like 6 people that came up. The host told us we had to rewait in the line behide the large group to get our cards. Which really upset me, since we were the only ones there in the first place. Once we got the cards, she continued to have a horrible rude look on her face. I guess she hates her job, but from what I thought-Vegas is a customer service town!!!! Hello!!!! Hire people that will make you money and once they leave from eating will want to spend money in your casino.
1	Place had no business, we came in with a group of 10 and they couldn't seat a group larger than 8. We told them to split our group in half but they still didn't know how to do it. Annoying! Their menu wasnt impressive either. They basically turned away some good business without hesitating. Terrible management.
3	Wasn't too bad. The prices aren't too bad depending on what you order. They have the midnight specials which cost like $3 but don't be expecting awesome food its a bit below average but hey you get what you paid for. The prime rib steak wasn't too bad, though it has quite a bit of fat on it. The African American waitress was awesome though, she always come by to check on us, which is refreshing for this place because sometimes their waiters and waitresses have rude attitudes.
4	I really scored with food this time in Vegas and this was one of the places. Best part is that they are 24 hours.  yummy clam chowder and breakfast.  Sucks that they didnt serve wings (since it is a restaurant in Hooters, but the food made up for it)  $2.50 bud light, which is really good for that area of the strip.  My friends stayed here and said the food was awsome here too.  A good 24 hour place to go and great prices.  My breakfast and cup of soup was $7.
5	For the price. It's amazing. Everything is under $10. If your prime rib sucks, send it back they will make it right.
1	My friends and I thought we'd give this place a try to avoid having to walk to MGM or the Excalibur in the heat. We figured it couldn't be as bad as some of the reviews we had read. We were wrong. The staff really are a miserable bunch who seem generally upset to be working there. We were met with a scowl on entry and it just went downhill from there. Took a few minutes to finally get some service and when we did the three of us ordered the turkey dinner, the brisket, onion soup and mozzarella sticks respectively. Not one of the meals was even half finished by the end. They were all barely edible. The McDonald's over at Excalibur would have been a classier and more palatable choice. This place is a far cry from the Dan Marino's it replaced. I will not be back and would highly suggest anyone else seeking real food avoid Mad Onion in favor of anything else. It really doesn't get much worse than this place.
5	Came here after a longgggg night of dancing and drinking.  All I can say is $2.99 steak and eggs from 12am-5am! You get your steak, potatoes, 1 piece of bread, and your choice of how you want your eggs cooked.  I am not going to be picky with that!!!!
2	Really disappointed they do not have the Jalapeno cornbread anymore.  For $9.99 Prime Rib, it's a good deal.  I do remember the Prime Rib being juicier and tasting fresher.  The last time I was here, it seemed a little dull.  The meat wasn't vibrant and the juices weren't flowing out like before.  I came back here hoping it would be the same as we had it 2 years ago, but it definitely has changed for the worst.  We came back here with the hope of reliving our epic Vegas trip and the amazing Prime Rib and Jalapeno cornbread in the little hole of a hooters, but it did not happen.  Disappointed!  The trip to SW  Steakhouse gave us a new epic memory though, so it wasn't so bad!
1	Terrible service. There was no wait to get a table... However we waited for an hour for our food, which was terrible as well. Our waitress was rude and did not care to wait on us. The only reason it received two stars was because its open 24/7 and was in our hotel. Otherwise it would have got one. I will not eat here again.
4	At a recent 3 day stay at this hotel, we enjoyed 3 meals at The Mad Onion, also 1 room service meal (very resonable prices for hotel room service). All meals were delicious and prices are very economical.  The menu is small but did include great choices. Enjoy!
4	AFter seeing the Yelp reviews, I was hesitant.  But $9.99 prime rib got us in here, as we were staying at the MGM.  Had no trouble getting seated at dinnertime on a Saturday night.I LOVED my prime rib, cooked perfectly tender, juicy, everything I'd hoped for.  The AuJus that comes with is good, but the horseradsih sauce was dreadful, if you want horseradish you might ask for the straight stuff.  I was happy with the au jus.  The mashed potatoes that came with were a little stiff, tasty with some texture (i.e., lumpy in a good way).  The green beans, edible.   This is a real deal.  Soft drinks are $3, so we passed and went with water.  Desserts are super reasonable priced too, but we'd had enough to eat - getting out of here for $20 (two of us) was amazing, we left a nice tip.They had a selection of other dinner specials too, cordon bleu, ribs, steak, I posted a picture of part of that menu.  Service was ok.  Ambience was pretty good.  The booth seats were kinda weird tho, but not distressing enough to move.Bonus, the Hooter girls were out in force, smiling being cheerful and looking hot :)
4	Great breakfast.  Had the Eggs Benedict and loved it.  Super coffee and service was excellent.  We will definitely eat here again.  The prime rib was just OK but we ate very late so maybe that contributed to the meal not being great.  Can't say enough about the staff.  Three visits and always excellent, friendly service.
4	We ate a few meals here and weren't disappointed. I will say they have the BEST coffee I've had in forever. Being a truck driver that says a lot. Service was great and really no complaints. Looking forward to our next visit.
2	Well I ate here a few months ago, and it was passable, but today, not so! over forty minutes to get a beer a cup of soup and an order of sliders, and then it was a big puzzle to find anyone to help me get out!  The only compensation for all the trouble was 'sorry about that' which is about as compassionate as a rock. Probably best if you are well buzzed, then you might not notice.
3	Used to be a place to go to for their midnight special of 25 cent wings from Midnight till 6am. Special long gone now. The wings were fairly large in size too but quite heavily battered. Still good for the price. Came here recently for a yelp event. Wings didnt change much. The restaurant name changed from Dan Marino to Mad Onion. Still same layout and food. Wish they'd bring back the wings.
4	If your hungry and on a budget, come here!!! Food is good and very cheap. I was here thanksgiving weekend. They had a special. Two prime rib dinners, a bottle of wine, and 2 cheese cakes for $34.99. Wow!! Great deal and delicious!!! Breakfast was also good and cheap. Real close to the strip. And open 24/7!!!
5	So we were in Vegas this weekend, and decided to come here, since i had my parents in tow.Lets just say we loved it so much, we came back the second day to eat again.  Service was good and fast.. For a casino cafe, thats rare..  Good job Hooters Casino..Oh and prices...excellent.
2	Used to be a favorite spot for me since I oftentimes stay in the hotel, as it is close to the airport. easy to get to, and has ample parking close to the entrance/exit.On trip last month, found out they no longer have the way late night specials.  Not good, and really gives me little reason to choose Mad Onion above any other offerings that are a short drive away.  Used to have a great steak type meal or a breakfast for cheap.  Now it's under new management, and the good old Vegas is yet one step from GONE.It's a decent place that's not crowded with good enough food.
4	My friends and I stopped in to eat around 2 am. The hostess wasn't very friendly, but our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive. My friends and I all ordered from their Graveyard Specials menu which was unbelievably cheap. Two of us ordered the NY Steak & Eggs, the steak was a lot bigger than I expected and our plate was completely covered all of the way to the edges with food. I asked for a rare steak and it was cooked exactly how I wanted it, a huge plus! My friend ordered the Burger & Fries which was also very large portions. We all shared the Wings & Fries as an appetizer, which was also very good. The wings were nice and crispy and the fries had this flavorful seasoning on them that I absolutely loved.
3	If your hungry & broke like I was this is your spot!!! Get the prime rib, why not its 10 bucks!!!
4	I'm sorry, but this is likely the best $9.99 deal on the strip. steamed string beans, prime rib, and mashed potatoes with gravy. It's become a vegas tradition for me and my buddies. Sure the hooters casino seems a little sketch. It is pretty much a 1.5 star motel. So stay at the Tropicana! (it's gotten that make over and play avicii as you're walking in) My only problem here is that the mad onion is no longer open 24 hours.
5	The best 10 dollar prime rib in las vegas, I had them all, from downtown to off the strip....there prime is high quality for 10 dollar, the only bad thing, is it is only opn betwen 5pm to 11 pm
1	My father and I did the prime rib special.  The prime rib was alright, the ends of the meet were not cooked correctly, also my dad ordered his Medium, it came to us very well.  The baked potatoes we were supposed to receive were cold, so we sent them back and it took them until we were done with our meal to bring back 2 more cold ones.  Both times, they were so cold that you could not barely cut them.  So when my dad asked to talk to the manager.. since it was time to pay the bill or hopefully get part taken off.  The manager, gave us a measly $3 off which was wrong, considering we did not eat half of our meals.   I was very disappointed in my meal, management, preparations.  I must say though, our poor waiter was good.  I give him credit for trying.
1	Really a big disappointment when it came for the food. The $10 steak was paper thin and the onion soup has enough salt to give the great Salt Lake a run for its money.
1	Horrible!!!  Too much flaws in their. 25 cent wings
2	The Mad Onion restaurant is inside the Hooters Hotel & Casino. We ate at the Mad Onion for dinner on Saturday because when we checked into the hotel on Friday we received a 50% off coupon for this restaurant.  And let me tell you, for the half-off price we paid, this was not bad. But if we had paid full price we would have felt disappointed. It has long been a point of sadness for me that the whole food-service world has transition to an on-the-side mentality. When I order a salad with dressing, I want the dressing tossed in with the greens, not in a little plastic cup.  Well this restaurant takes "on-the-side" to a whole new level.   Everything that can come on the side does, including the butter and fixins for baked potatoes.  I requested butter, bacon and cheddar cheese.  All three came on the side. So I dumped them all on the potato and asked them to heat the potato up until the cheese melted, which they did do but their initial response was "we don't do that".This restaurant has the "feel" of a romantic dinner destination but because of their "cafeteria-service" mentality, it will never be more than mediocre.  As for the food itself, my steak was tender and tasty and cooked properly. The baked potato was a little under-cooked but acceptable after I had the re-heat it with toppings. The fish n chips was also good enough to not be disappointed but was certainly not something you would rave about and look forward to on your next trip to Vegas. Like the hotel this restaurant sits in, this Mad Onion is not bad, but is certainly not very good.  We are unlikely to eat here again.
4	The $9.95 prime rib dinner really was delicious. One of the 6 of us got the NY Strip and wasn't impressed. They also had a $2 beer special. Cheesecake was pretty good.
4	All u can eat crab Monday for $20 great deal good food 5 star service from Karen who gave great service with charm and smile.
4	Service was great. Waitresses knew how to pour a glass of wine. She was honest off the shortcomings of the provisions such as no Dijon mustard and no Espresso. The dining room is more like a cafeteria and there is a lack of variety in vegetables. Otherwise outstanding experience.
4	This place is great!!!! For 30 dollars after tip, me and my two girls got 1/2 chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, and a prime steak!!!!! That was more than enough for all of us, and we grubbed!!!!!!! We are definitely coming back!! :)
1	Can you say horrible!  Was in the mood for some prime rib asked for the special- they were on a top 10 list  I found, but seriously it should be closed down!Our prime rib was ordered medium - came out well done.Frozen corn, peas, carrots - coldMashed Potatoes - eh. My son doesn't eat red meat and ordered the BBQ chicken salad - the lettuce was wilted - and the chicken was spoiled - it smelled so bad!  When we complained our server had the attitude of how could we complain. So I shoved a piece of chicken up to her nose!  No apology - took the plate away and came back with the check! Do yourself the favor hit up Lawrys instead.  Worth the money and the service is impecable!
4	Lovely restaurant tucked inside the Hooters Casino. Service was prompt, prices were good and the food was delicious. Decor is a clean, modern feel.
4	Ok so this is located within the Hooters Casino and Hotel so.... Not the classiest joint ever. But probably the best prime rib you can get for $9.99!!! (Potentially the only prime rib you can get for $9.99, honestly.)We showed up with a large party and no reservation on a Saturday night.... Not a problem! They took a few minutes to shuffle some tables around and bam, we were ready to go. There was also an option to get a prime rib dinner for two and a bottle of wine for $39.99 but I think we all opted for the $9.99 wineless option, which was a generous portion of prime rib, some mixed veggies which I suspect was one frozen, and your choice of mashed potatoes vs French fries. Au jus and horseradish was also plentiful on the side. I got my prime rib rare and it came out looking a but more medium rare; I noticed everyone who had gotten medium rare came out looking more medium as well. Service was efficient and our waitress was lots of fun; it was good because it was a nice quick dinner for people who were in a bit of a hurry. Overall a very nice reasonably priced dinner.
5	Good crab legs.all you can eat on Monday,with a free glass of wine if you stay at hooters.mashed potatoes and salad was also on point.
4	I loved this place when we were in Vegas Halloween 2012. Ate here multiple times since we were staying at Hooters. My favorite thing there?The Custard French Toast. I couldn't get enough of it. Its a really great French toast. Its a little more richly flavored that a normal french toast. I recommend it highly. The Chicken Parmesan Sandwich was also really good. Very flavorful and the chicken was cooked right. It wasn't dry or chewy. Awesome dish. And if you re getting breakfast, get the home style potatoes. My girlfriend and I had an order everyday we were there. It may seem weird to be praising home style  breakfast potatoes, but they were good. Had a burger here, It was a burger. I really wasn't feeling all that hungry at the time and knew I needed to eat. Service was good every time we ate, and the prices weren't bad. Didn't get around to trying their famous $9.99 Prime rib, I might the next time we go back to Vegas.I definitely plan to eat here again when we go back to Vegas.
1	Terrible food. The only decent thing was the salad. The onion soup was nasty, didn't taste like it supposed too, cheap cheese melted on top. The prime rib was not good either, the flavor was blend, I had to pour all the "jus" on top (including the mashed potatoes) to give it some kind of taste, nothing changed. Then I tried to dip it in the horseradish, the sauce was watered down, liquid, not the usual dense, thick horseradish sauce. Same issue, no flavor. The bread was pretty much plastic. Worst dinner in a long time. My dog disagrees, he enjoyed the whole thing.
5	I've been here a couple of times while in Vegas. I went in a few days ago for the prime rib special and it was pretty good. Prime rib for under $10 is pretty common in Vegas, but I would recommend coming here. It's usually not too busy, and is classier than most other inexpensive restaurants. Also, our server Raymond was very friendly and attentive!
4	The wife and I ate here twice during a four day trip to Vegas.  The first time was out of convenience as our Motel was next door.  The second time was to get their Prime Rib for $9.99 again.  The facilities were pretty nice,   customer service was on point,  Prime Rib was delicious.  Note: This is located inside the Hooters Casino and Hotel.  Don't make the mistake like we did the first night by eating at the Hooters Restaurant.
4	We saw the advert while sightseeing after our first day at NAB Show for $ 9.99 prime rib dinner.  We decided to take a 'gamble' afterward and trek it to a rather bland non-descript restaurant inside the Hooters hotel.  We were greeted by the wonderfully friendly and nice Natasha.  It was her that helped make the evening go very smoothly and memorable.  We decided for the $ 49.99 combo of 2 prime ribs special with a selected bottle of wine.  Natasha mentioned it after hearing us having some indecision whether to get wine by the bottle.  The meat was delivered just as expected, me rare, her well done.  The baked potato was not one of those warmed up shriveling kind.  It was served very warm and still freshly baked.  The portions were sane with the sauce and other fixings accompanying it.  The restaurant decor isn't what you'd expect from a On-The-Strip hotel.  It's rather boring and dated.  It didn't matter as the night wore on, because it's the company, the food, and the friendly Natasha.
5	Iam a local stayed weekend at Hooters place had great prices took a shot at it been there 4 more time whole family loves it
1	My friends and I came here because Hooters was closed. They had the same 25c per wing deal late at night but there were too many unwritten rules we had to deal with to get the deal. First is you must order minimum of 10 wings per person. Second is every person eating wings must order a dink. Third is you can only get the 25c per wing if you are dining in. Fourth is you must pay $1.50 per box if you have any left overs that you want to take home. This might be ok if you already planned on getting a drink and ordering 10 wings to eat by yourself. However, it makes it much more difficult for larger groups who want to share because they will charge you drinks per person and require at least 10 wings per person regardless how much the person actually wants to eat. They would not budge on these rule regardless of how much business you give them.... It was ridiculous! I haven't even tried the food yet but all of my friends and I already want to just leave... We are only staying because we are tired and hungry.
1	The Worst Food ever. the prime rib was dry and over cooked. the veggies all frozen and the fries not seasoned. service was ok. but the food was the worst i have ever had.
4	As a Vegas local now I enjoy coming here for one reason and one reason only... The prime rib. The perks of living in Vegas is getting quality dining experience for cheap price. You cannot beat a prime rib dinner for only $9.99 luckily the most recent time we went, the prime rib was not over cooked and wasn't too salty at all. It was just right, flavorful and tender. We also like to enjoy their French onion soup... All the times we have gone.. The soup has not disappointed. Service isn't the best, and can tend to be rude depending on the server... But that probably coz I always come to eat there right before closing. When the hotel used to be San Remo the prime rib special was always only a late night special so eating it early is not norm for me when I think Vegas. But I will always be back for the awesome prime rib special
3	We came to visit Las Vegas from LA . We assumed there would be a HOOTERS restaurant in a HOOTERS hotel. But instead It was this place. Jokes on us. It was OKAY. Kind of dull ambience. Mashed potatoes were good.
3	No more $.25 wings after midnight at Mad Onion.   Also, no more late night specials and this includes Hooters.But Hooters (not Mad Onion) still has Happy Hour 2-7pm.
4	We are "out of towners" and came for the prime rib alone. It was very good! And great portions!! The only complaint I have is I asked for medium well and mine was over well done. But I ate most of it and my husband shared his. I would recommend to order a little more rare then your used tk because you can always send it back! The price being 9.95 made it taste even better
4	Not the best prime rib I've ever had, but nowhere near the worst. Wife enjoyed the all you can eat crab legs and we got out of there pretty reasonably. Waitress (Natasha) was very good, and extremely patient with a couple from another table that were being d-bags. Will return again.
1	We were tired and it was late on a Sunday night - so we dropped in to get a meal rather than drive someplace.  We tried to enter the restaurant, but the waitstaff told us we could not enter - had to go down to the hostess stand at the other restaurant.  So we walked down there, waited around for 10 minutes and then we were lead through that restaurant and back to a table about 10 feet from the hooters entrance we were not allowed to go into.We sat for a while - guess they were surprised the hostess sat us in that section.  I flagged someone down.To start - the fries were cold and soggy  - so they stayed on the plate;  the rest was so bad, we never go back to them. My wife ordered the Mushroom Swiss burger.  When it came, the guy put it down and poof - was gone - before we had a chance to even look to see if it was ok - did anyone ask us if it was ok ?  nope,  did the waitress come back  to check- nope. Burger was raw, did not have mushrooms on it - It was not right.  After about 10 minutes of looking around for staff, I actually got up with her plate walked across to the pass (no one stopped me to ask why I was walking around with her meal)  and handed them to the person at the pass and told her is was just wrong.  She got mad at me for being there, not that fact, could not get any help or it was so bad.  So they supposedly brought her a new one - it was same burger, recooked, still no mushrooms: the manager came over and told us "sorry, they were out".  Think someone should have said something a little earlier.  My wife gave up and ate the re fired patty less the the cold dry bun.  I grabbed some mustard off another table for her so it was not so dry :).I ordered the "buffalo chicken sandwich" - poor excuse - they forgot the sauce and the blue cheese. so it was a fried dry chicken patty on another cold bun. We gave up eating;  waved across room at wait staff (think they did seat us in a closed section which was part of issue).  When they brought the bill (yes they tried to charge me for the disaster meal).  Told the person, was not paying for one of the worse meals ever had.  Ten later the same manager came over and did comp the meal - but if I would have refused, sure we would have had to pay.Better to not eat than go here.
3	Not happy with the take over of this place.. no longer serve breakfast.. only open from 5PM to 12am.. prime rib the best!
1	Very disappointed. This restaurant has done a nose dive in the past few years. Tonight I tried to order chicken fingers and they couldn't figure out how to cook them. So I had to order something else. Nachos were a safe bet right?  Wrong the cheese whiz nachos were horrible. I won't be coming back here again.
4	I hit up the Mad Onion on the tip that there was $10.99 Prime Rib dinner.The short of it was that the food was good (not great), and the service was good. There's really not a whole lot to complain about. At the $10.99 price level, you are certainly getting value.Disclaimer: I don't really know quality of prime ribs dinner.All I can say was the prime rib dinner was pretty good. The portion size wasn't super large, but it was good size. I think it is a reasonable sized portion for someone who has an average appetite. I was able to finish the prime rib, the baked potato side, and most of the veggies. I don't like carrots or green beans so I usually don't eat those.I would give Mad Onion 4 stars. The food was okay/good, but I didn't feel like it was amazing. The service is kind of standard. The waiters were receptive, but I didn't feel like they were amazing or anything. I try to keep my expectations REASONABLE when rating the Mad Onion. All and all a good experience. I left full and in good spirits. More importantly, my wallet wasn't hurting. Solid four star experience given the circumstances (price, location, food).
1	My husband & I were staying at a resort that gave us a voucher towards dinner at Mad Onion- Hooters Casino.  Although we'd never been,we decided to go w/an open mind. Trying to find something healthy on the menu was near impossible. My husband finally settled on the crab legs & I settled on grilled fish. Unfortunately the crab legs were so skinny you couldn't get any meat out off them. The waitress came by & even she, admitted that they didn't look good & brought him a new plate that was marginally better. Then the waitress jokingly said, I suppose you don't like yours either?? Sheepishly, I said, well now that you mention it, the fish is covered w/a heavy flour  gravy w/sugar in it, which ruins the taste of the fish. Plus, a good part of the reason for ordering fish is to watch your calories. The menu didn't indicate gravy. In addition the menu said the fish came w/garlic mashed potatoes. There's nothing garlic about the potatoes, just a scoop of plain instant flavorless mashed potatoes. The waitress said that other patrons had the same complaint. Despite this, she didn't ask me if I'd like anything else instead. She just swooped my plate away w/out even asking me if it was okay & told me she would only charge me 1/2  for my entree. My husband & I looked at each other dumbfounded as I was hungry. So I spent the entire rest of the meal watching my husband eat. Luckily I had wine to sip on! Then the bill came & my husband noticed it was full price. So he gently reminded her that she said she'd take 1/2 off my meal. She told us that her manager told her she couldn't do it since I had eaten some of it. Well how would I have known it wasn't what I was expecting if I hadn't tried it? So she offered to get her manager who was a really young guy w/ 0 personality & customer relations skills. He obviously was not trained because he kept insisting he wasn't going to do anything even though the food was clearly different than what the menu described. If I was going to have to pay full price for my entree, the waitress should have left it on the table so I could have at least eaten the broccoli & tried to scrape the gross gravy stuff off & eat some of the fish. It was after all one of the more expensive things on the menu. I said I'd never heard of a restaurant that didn't offer something else if your food was bad. He said he had to do that cuz people try to take advantage of them. Well, I was very offended by that  because my husband & I are seasoned travelers & stay at all the top resorts.  I had never been to a HOOTERS & despite that I had heard of it's cheesy reputation, the woman who convinced us to go there said that the Mad Onion wasn't like a typical Hooters. She's right about that! It's worse! At least in a normal Hooters you wouldn't get all the casino smoke etc. We're not used to being treated so badly! Horrible experience!
4	I really liked this place me and my daughter ate here twice in 2 days. Both times we ordered the Nachos and the kid chickens. We shared both. They were very crumpish!!!! Our waiter was nice both visits. The kitchen was very clean. Bravo Mad Onion keep up the Great Hospitality.
1	Holllllly shit. I don't know where to begin. I am so shocked at the quality of the food here that I feel as if I'm going to be sick just writing about it. I'm an individual that has an extremely high tolerance for imperfections in the food industry, especially considering that I worked for a well-respected restaurant for 9 years. However, the lack of care in the preparation of my food tonight at this restaurant has compelled me to write about it for my fellow Yelpers to save them the heartache AND potential stomachache... To begin, I was extremely excited to eat here since it's called the Mad Onion - and if there's one thing I love it's onions. Well, we received a voucher for a free prime rib dinner by signing up for the rewards program, so we decided to use it since we had already spent a good chunk of money in fine dining earlier in the day and the previous day as well. Of course, I wasn't expecting a Michelin star meal, but from a restaurant at a hotel in Vegas (however second-rate it may be) should still prepare quality food for its customers. And, yes, I realize that it was a free meal, but considering that this meal normally goes for $11 on their menu, I think an honest review is still warranted. I'm not sure if this is their regular quality or if the server told the kitchen that our meal was free, but what came out could be compared only to what comes out of a TV dinner. The steak looked to be about 12 oz, but the only part of it that was edible was roughly half of that - meaning 6 oz of unrendered fat. The "baked" potato was cooked 80% through, meaning that the last couple bites were raw potato, not a pleasant texture or taste in my opinion. Lastly, the vegetable side was a pile of corn that tasted as if it came straight out of the can as was merely heated up and tossed on the plate. I LOVE corn, but this was a marginal attempt at a food item that is truly impossible to screw up when it comes to cooking it. It seemed to be drenched in oil, which made it very difficult to eat.Granted, as I mentioned before, this meal was free so I shouldn't be one to complain, but considering that it is a menu item that they charge an average price for, I would be verrrrry weary of ordering anything else off of their menu. Just spend the extra menu and go to a real restaurant because this was just not very appetizing, and as I said, this is coming from a person who is very generous when it comes to reviewing restaurants. Cheers!
4	The food was good! I had the prime rib special with mash potatoes and pretty legit! The mash potatoes were made from real potatoes and not some box! Only 4 stars bc the waiter was not too attentive I wanted water for the longest time! Overall good good and okay service but we did get seated right away! On the plus side there's also TVs to watch the games! Place looked cleaned and it was an enjoyable meal
