5	Another great night of Papa Murphy's Pizza. Good food reasonable prices and enjoy at home !
1	I went in as I got some coupons in the mail.  I added a cheese bread on, and the girl asked her manager for help on applying the coupon.  He came out and very rudely advised that the coupon isn't combineable with other offers.  Apparently ordering anything else off the regular menu nullifies their coupons.  The pizza was okay, but I found the dough to be quite yeasty.  I won't be going back.
5	Great place! Nothing better than the homemade feeling of making your own pizza!
3	Picked up a heart shaped pizza and it was decent. It was like $7 or something and you bake the pizzas at home yourself. It comes with instructions and clean up is a snap. The pizza isn't award winning but it's good enough for a "take & bake" place. They have cookie dough for sale and garlic bread too. The lobby inside is huge and seems like wasted space. Call ahead your order if you know what you want or walk in and have them make it in front of you. Either way it's up to you to bake it.
3	I usually only eat Papa Murphy's once or twice a year, but when I do, I enjoy it. I already knew what I wanted when I walked in. In the past, when they have a special promotion going on they have some already made in their cooler to keep the long lines down. This time though my pizza was made fresh right in front of me. I asked for a "Heart Shaped Pizza" priced at $7 and included 1 topping (additional toppings extra). For an additional $6, I added "Cheesy Bread" and "Cookie Dough" to complete the meal. Different types of pizza here take different times to cook. I had the original crust so it needed to be baked at 425 for about 12 minutes. The pizza came out nice and tasted good. I baked the cheesy bread at 400 for about 10 minutes and it was pretty good for what it was. If you are going to buy frozen pizza at the store, you might as well come here and get something you can customize for about the same price and it tastes better. The pizza and cheesy bread are baked on the trays they come on, but they do offer instructions if you would prefer the pizza to be baked on your pizza stone or grill. The cookie dough comes in a tub and you bake in on your own sheet. I baked the cookies at 375 for about 10 minutes.They also offer stuffed pizzas and at home pizza kits for kids.
5	Black Angus Garlic and a cowboy pizza for late night munchies! Great value much better than did DiGorno piZZa ! Why have a pizza oven and no fresh pizza! Firing up the Pitt.
