4	It was a crazy hot Sunday afternoon and I realized I needed some party supplies for Monday... specifically, I was on the hunt for some kind of confetti gun, wand, or popper.I searched this website called Yelp and came across a listing for Party City in Mesa.  While Mesa sounds far, far away, I learned that it's only about a fifteen minute drive from Old Town, and Party City is open until 6pm on Sundays... perfect!The parking lot was empty when I arrived but there were a handful of employees working when I walked in the door.  And surprisingly, there were extremely helpful.  They pointed me in the right direction for the confetti and helped me find a few additional party supplies too.  Everything was moderately priced and they had a great selection.I was pleasantly surprised by my Party City shopping experience and I will definitely return next time I need any kind of party supplies.  Thanks party City!
4	Party City saves the day! Here I am, heading to an event and in need of some last minute supplies...specifically some stencils and sadly the places I'd visited before were not quite cutting it. I walked in and grabbed the last minute supplies that I knew only Party City would have, but then I found what I only hoped they would have. That's right my friends, they had a stencil kit with all the letters and different shapes and for a very reasonable price...under $5! The staff here is very friendly and the store is always clean and stocked full. It is definitely one of my favorite Party Cities and a little off the beaten path so I'm able to find what I need and get in and out quickly.
4	Looking for something to do on a rainy day? Stop by your local Party City for hours of browsing through the aisles. I like the Mesa location because it's huge. If you need a costume or party accessory, you'll probably find it here. I stopped by last week looking for ideas for my Santarchy costume. Party City has many displayed on the wall- elves, reindeer, snowmen, Mr and Mrs. Claus costumes etc.
1	Did like standing in line to look at pictures on the wall to get a costume.
4	Very clean and organized.  Plenty of parking and the female employee that checked me out was both happy and helpful.
1	Over priced and no customer service.
