5	This is one of the best kept secrets in all of Phoenix for the store of its kind. It's worth a trip just to see the organized and clean warehouse-style selections of fabrics, leather, vinyl, stuffing, shipping protection supplies and supplies for your home or to uphostery your furniture or car interior and flooring.  Whatever project you can think of. There's another giant backroom devoted to leather hide and upholstery. There's a mix of people, do it yourself, and home repair professionals that goes here. The friendly staff are knowledgeable if you have particular application needs and they will tell you if they don't carry certain item (eg: unusual industrial spec items). I usually find 95% of what I was looking for. I was able to get some matching leather pieces to fix a seat cushion, adhesive, and some fabrics to create an outdoor floor mat for the home and garage for those messy repair days. You can buy most items on the cheap than most retail places, by the yard. Just don't forget to bring a check list, take your time finding stuff and brave the environment. Check their hours before you go because last time I was there, they are open during work hours and partially Saturday.
5	Do you love fabric? Are you into taking risks in life, such as going to the South side of PHX? Do you enjoy getting amazing service from a man who looks like a roughed up Samuel L. Jackson, minus a few fingers? Then H & R Sales is your place! The fabric selection here is sooooo good! They also have just about every finishing touch you could think of that involves any sort of fabric/leather/vinyl project. Redoing your car or boats interior, this would be your place. Making draperies, reupholstering a headboard or any other furniture item, this is your place. Looking for a fancy nail head, a zipper, a gaggle of blinged out fringe to tie back your curtains, this is your place. Its a huge warehouse that is surprisingly air conditioned. It is in a rough part of town, but when I pulled in I felt left out as there were like 4 Lexus' in the parking lot. If you are not into dodging bums and crazy passer bys on bicycles, then maybe this isn't the place for you. I found a GREAT fabric for my next DIY project around the house and the staff was soooo friendly and didn't rush me even though I came barreling in 20 minutes before they closed.
5	Reupholstering your sofa? Need to freshen up your outdoor cushions?  H&R has everything.  I just looked this place up again cause I need some upholstery fabric.  Five years ago we reupholstered most of the stuff in our house, and we really price shopped then.  H&R had the selection and a good price.This year I bought some chaises on Craigslist but the cushions were sunfaded.  H&R not only has tons of Sunbrella fabric, they have tons of Sunbrella remnants and discontinued colors - much cheaper.  Excellent.Anyway - off to H&R!
5	Absolutely the best we've found in Phoenix or Tucson. Wonderfully organized , great staff, fair prices.
5	Great selection of fabrics with a friendly receptive staff.  Esmerelda took the time to explain how things are priced, measured, etc.  Great deals if you look.  We'll be back.
5	Had to redo the dust cover on the box spring of my queen size mattress set. This was the only place out of three that I called that had that unique black fabric in the size that I needed. As others have suggested, they're really organized with a huge selection and the employees that I've dealt with all were knowledgable and helpful. I'll be continuing to patronize this local small business for my fabric/upholstery needs, as few and far between as they may be, from now on.
5	Moved to California and come back every other month to replenish supplies.  Best ever with fabulous customer service.  Their brand name supplies, ie adhesives, are superb!
5	Such a great place tucked away in the city! ! You might drive past it though it if you aren't paying attention and the parking lot is a mess during busy hours, but it's all worth it! The shop may seem small, but they just about anything you could ever want! Every time I walk in I am greeted with a huge smile. Their vinyl is by far the best quality and price in AZ! It seems that everyone loves this place, because it's always busy when I go! I was just in there today to get some foam and a few ladies behind me were talking how about how much they love H&R Sales. One lady said the store reminded her of NY and made her feel like she was back at home.
2	Great selection for a wide range of fabric/upholstery needs. Some items are well priced and others, outrageous. Two star rating is for the service there.....EVERY time I go there I am treated as if I am a ghost!!! They have a "take a number" system that even THEY don't really use. LOTS of people working there but ALL seem to have another agenda that doesn't include the CUSTOMERS! Really should give one star for service but product selection gets them Two!
