5	My car just stopped working and I had no idea what happened, the people at McCarthy's were so great! They explained what the problem was and did not take advantage of me! (Which has happened to me before when dealing with car repairs). Every staff member was helpful and they even reassured me with a number that I could reach after hours! I highly recommend this establishment and it was reasonably priced and right in uptown.
5	Yes, I am a stereotypical female who admittedly  does not know, nor do I care to know much about the internal workings of my car. I make no secret of that fact when I am in repair shops. The guys at McCarthy Tire are fast, respectful and won't charge you for services you don't need. I take my car here for oil changes, tire rotations and minor repairs & have always been pleased with the speedy and courteous service. I also appreciate the fact that they don't roll their eyes (at least while I'm standing there) when I refer to various parts of my car as a "thingy" or a "flap thing." Should I learn more about the mechanics my car? ...Absolutely... Will I? Probably not ...but thanks to McCarthy Tire, my decision to remain ignorant is a little less frightening.
1	Do NOT bring your car here!  I brought my car here to get a tire replaced and ended up being told my alignment was now off and couldn't be fixed, though they couldn't find anything wrong with the car.  The second time I brought it here, the tires were rotated and balanced.  My car began to shake at higher speeds...like the alignment was really off.  I took my car to another shop where I was told that not only was my alignment off, but it had been off for a bit...likely since my last visit to McCarthy, and it had caused ALL my tires to wear severely and irregularly.  My tires replaced and alignment FIXED without problems...they couldn't figure out why McCarthy said they couldn't fix my alignment.  Now my car drives like normal.  BEWARE!!!Update:The manager of this location contacted me and seemed genuinely concerned.  He wanted to make things right.  We discussed the situation at length and he remedied things to my satisfaction.  I will definitely give McCarthy another shot.
5	It is so hard to find a good and honest service station these days and McCarthy tire is one of them! They don't try to sell you what you don't need, the prices are great, and they are fast! I love that they actually ask me when I need my car back by! The location is also great for anyone that lives or works uptown and walk ins are welcome. Great place!
5	Great service, and they didn't try to sale me any other products or tell me everything was wrong with my car.
1	I purchased 2 front tires and an alignment for my 2000 Toyota Solara for $352.  While driving home, I noticed a vibration when braking and the wheel was shaking.  A week later, I bring it back, thinking they will fix whatever they did wrong the first time.  I get a call informing me my front rotors are warped and I need new ones.The car was fine when I drove it there and even minutes before pulling into their lot. Yet after I picked it up, it was not handling well. Is THAT a COINCIDENCE? McCarthy rep, Justin, said yes. All things that could potentially cause rotors to warp; temperature, extreme weather, aggressive driving and over torquing lug nuts - the only possible factor that day is over torquing. McCarthy tire incorrectly installed my 2 front tires and refused to take responsibility for their negligence.
5	Great service - I took my car in for an oil change, two tires and an alignment. The manager Kyle was super friendly and took the time to explain my options with the oil changes and discuss pricing. When my car was there, they checked it out and told me other small issues that were wrong with it. No pressure to get the services done, just hey, an FYI and we'll be glad to help you when you are ready for these services. Appreciated the kind service and felt as though the prices were quite reasonable, especially after calling around. Next time I need service, I'd be happy to take my jeep there.
5	Came here hoping to get a tire patched for my brother's car.  They weren't allowed to patch as there was sidewall damage.  However, the put the spare on in 5 minutes free of charge with no hope of selling me a tire.  Amazing customer service!
