4	The taco gods heard my cries, what luck would I have to stumble upon John's review? I hopped in my car and head right over...same place different folks, they're a bit confused and it took some repeating to get my order placed but once placed everything was as I remember it 2 months ago when Dan was the front man....wherever you are I hope all is well and you will be missed.I ordered my usual for my son & self, asada taco, tostadas, and fish tacos....got home and they screwed up my tostadas - no meat, bean only..which I will call them about - one second thought maybe I won't there's no number listed.Other than this mishap its back to business as usual over there
4	It's good to have this restaurant back. The menu is pretty much the same as before. The tacos are still inexpensive and very good, and the fried onions and jalapeno served on the side are a really nice touch; and they have the best horchata I've had in Phoenix. The counter area may seem cluttered with cases of soda, but the rest of the restaurant is orderly and the service is fast.
4	When I heard that Tacos Atoyac had closed, I was super disappointed since I had only been once and because it was so good. So when I heard they had reopened, you can imagine my excitement! I went back a couple days ago and it is very much the same as it was before. I had 2 fish tacos and a molote (which I have never tried or heard of). The molote was SO good! it is fried masa with potato and a little bit of chorizo inside with black beans on top.... super tasty stuff. The fish tacos were good, but I feel like they weren't as good as when I had gone before. This could be a fluke, but the fish just wasn't as light and crispy as it had been. Regardless, it still tasted good and the fish still tasted fresh. I will be back! Hooray!
5	Great first experience with a quick lunch today. I grabbed a Asada and Fish taco, a side of beans, and a horchata. Lunch was served fast less than 5 minutes and the sides of grilled onion and fried pepper along with the two salsas were spot on. The horchata included smal pieces if cantaloupe and pecans. nice version.I'm not sure what I would change. I guess this is a case where I can just enjoy. I'll be back.
3	Let me start by saying I really miss Dan! The food is pretty much the same. I had the fish taco's and they were not as good as before. The tortilla was a lttle firmer, the fish was a bit smaller, the Chipotle mayo not as flavorful, neither were the salsa's for that matter. The service was slower and not as friendly. The cashier asked me "if that was it" after each item also she is difficult to understand. Not as big of a fan as I once was.
5	I miss Dan. I didn't go all that often, but when I did Dan always knew my order. It's nice feeling like a regular, he made me feel at home.That being said, the fish tacos are still the best and I will continue to go.
5	Love this place! Always tasty!
5	Dan or no Dan this place is still amazing!! I actually found the service to be on point! They are actually giving more lemons with your meal than before (there's no one controlling the amount of lemons they give out anymore). Food is still awesome! Now they have churros. I actually wish they were open now because I'm jonesing for some lengua tacos uhmmm... Anyways make sure you check this place out!
5	This place is by far my favorite place to get tacos! It is so delicious. Me and my husbands go to spot for lunch on the weekends. So good everyone needs to try this place!
5	I'm sorry to disagree with you all but I feel the "new" restaurant is better, more consistent, and friendlier since the changes. The churros are AMAZING!!! Fresh, soft, delicious! The serving sizes are certainly more consistent, previously I either got no meat, or way too much in my tacos. I pretty much always enjoyed my meal there but now I can't wait to go back!
4	I've been going to the restaurant formerly known as Tacos Atoyac for a few years (a couple months after it opened) and have seen it go from strength to strength.Needless to say I was a little apprehensive about returning knowing Dan is gone. As some people have mentioned he did a great job of making you feel welcomed.Fortunately, the food is still fantastic. I had my usual; a fish taco, a carne asada memelita and an all pastor burro. It was perfect.Yes it's a bummer that Dan is gone but don't be afraid to go back. It's as good as ever!
5	This is bar none my favorite taco shop ever I loved the previous establishment and this new addition is also fantastic!I love the fish taco and Pastor the most but really you can't go wrong! $1.25 tacos is a great value for the contrast in flavor you receive. $2.00 for the fish is well worth this lovely taco and it delivers with fresh cabbage and the creamy sauce that always makes or breaks a fish taco for me.The place is a hole in the wall but that just makes the charm of this taco shop that much better IMO.
2	Before the fateful day in late March when Tacos Atoyac shut down, I lamented mostly the loss of their excellent fish tacos. Some of their other tacos weren't the best I've had, but they had the best fish tacos anywhere. So when I heard they had opened back up, of course I was excited.My return visit came with some trepidation, of course. I heard Dan was no longer involved, and Dan was part of the experience.  The food should be the same, right? Same menu, same prices.I got a smattering of what I consider the best offerings the previous incarnation offered: two fish tacos, a quesadilla with lengua, and the churro.The quality of the tacos did not decline at all. I could've sworn they used to have more fish in them, however. Was I just imagining things? I don't know, it's hard to quantitatively compare something to a mere fading memory. But the fish tacos are still undoubtedly good.The quesadillas, however, provided considerably more insight. Atoyac v1 quesadillas were packed with meat and cheese - so much that if you get the lengua quesadillas, you have a substantial pool of (delicious) grease sitting at the bottom of the tray. These things were so overflowing that it was sometimes hard to pick them up without the meat falling out.  Now? Barely any cheese OR meat. The meat was actually scattered around the quesadilla, with areas completely devoid of meat! And the cheese was spread extremely thin compared to the old quesadillas.It's clear that what happened here is what is known as size inflation (as opposed to price inflation).  They raise the price by lowering the portions. And that just makes for worse food - give me the same food at a higher price, if you must.Apart from the disappointing cheapening of the product, this place also lacks any charm at all without Dan's presence. And that goes a long way, too.
5	Terrible name, great tacos.... You would never stop here if it weren't for the great reviews.  It went through some new ownership but the food is the same which is GREAT!  I have to order 4 tacos pastor each time because they are pretty much like crack cocaine for me.  I have tried a few other items here and although they are good I always go back to the pastor tacos.  This is a tiny place next door to the 7-11 and you will probably drive by this place because it is so small and there is not much parking so be careful when you go here.  Do yourself a favor and stop here for some tacos, they are small but are phenominal!
5	Blink and you'll miss this spot, tucked next to a gas station just before the northeast corner of 19th Avenue and Glendale, which has become our go-to for good tacos in the Valley.  The exterior might look a bit intimidating, and the interior doesn't leave much to be said for atmosphere, but all you need are their extremely well-priced tacos to feel like this place could be your second home.  Carne asada is some of the best in the valley, fish tacos are phenomenal, and pastor and lengua were not disappointing.  The tortillas are the perfect weight and texture with just enough corn flavor.  We also tried the molote, a masa fritter with potato and chorizo, which was a crispy nugget of Mexican comfort food reminiscent of mashed potatoes if mashed potatoes got a stylish makeover that involved spice, black beans, and queso fresco wrapped in fried, corn-y goodness.  Service might be lacking, but for less than $15 to feed a hungry couple, you really can't complain.
5	This is the real deal.  Best tacos I have had in a very long time.  Real ly nice service too. It's nice to order and get friendly responsed. They have diet coke cans
4	Have heard nothing but good stuff about this place so we decided to give it a try.  Really good carne asada at a great prucw of $1.50.  Refried beans were divine - smoky flavor you find much anymore.  The atmosphere is not the best; no cocktails.   However it is just around the corner, local and fresh.
3	Jeff and I were excited to give this place a try after hearing it had re-opened. We loved their beef tacos and menudo prior to the temporry closing. We had just finished hiking at Piestwea and were both very hungry. Jeff and I both loved the lengua tacos. They were juicy and with plenty of meat. The cabeza tacos had good flavor but were a little dry and bit too greasy. I didn't like the pastor tacos and neither did Jeff. They were unusually sweet for my liking and I didn't care for the texture of the meat. Finally, I ordered a large menudo and loved everything about this delicious red stew, except for the fact that it was a bit too greasy this time. I've had plenty of menudo and I know there are ways to take some of the fat out so it's not so heavy. The tortillas served on the side were very good. The service was good and speedy but they weren't busy either. We def don't think it's as good as before, but, considering how hard it is to find good authentic Mexican food in Az, I give the new Atoyac a slightly above average rating.
5	This place was so good I just had to bring my room mate to show her what really good Mexican tacos and Horchata tasted like.This time around I got to try their Spicy Chicken Tamale and of course some tacos and a side of Horchata to accompany it. Also decided to dine in.The Tamale was good, moist masa but not too thick or dry. The chicken actually had a bit of heat, but so flavorful. The tacos were amazing just how I remembered them.Full 5 stars for the owner(?) who asked if I wrote the review that had a missing taco and said they would give me one on the house. Which I didn't feel was necessary, but was so nice. I ended up tipping them for it anyways.The food here is amazing and miss my local eateries in San Jose, California so much because the flavor of the food is so similar. Great tacos, cheap prices and I give props to establishments who do take the time to read reviews here. Thank you Atoyac, I'll definitely be back for more Taco Tuesdays!P.S. My room mate had never had Mexican food- besides Taco Bell and Chipotle (which you can hardly call Mexican/inspired) but she thoroughly enjoyed this new cuisine and left satisfied!
5	Jenny and I hit up RAEO because we recently moved to the area so we just MUST try the local food joints. I typically prefer to cheat east, not west, of our place but when you're talking about good mexican food in a little hole in the wall next to a tobacco shop in a we buy gold shopping center, you're going to have to give up on location (doubt they are planning to expand into Kierland or anything). I do wish they were open later but, as I pointed out about the location, I can't fault them for their hours.Anyways, the food is good and the service is legit. We haven't decided yet if it will be our new "bring out of town visitors here for the good mexican food that is near our place" mostly because of the ambience. It's great for me, fine for Jenny when she's really in the mood for good mexican, but you know how visitors get. Maybe we'll take our most casual friends -- definitely not a place to meet the parents for the first time. Recommend the hot dogs and you can't go wrong with any of the tacos. Fish tacos here are better than most places but their carne asada is great for those of you who like to play it safe with a classic order.
5	I'm moving in!!! Shrimp tacos, fish burrito, al pastor (pork) burrito, carne asada, black beans and hor-chata. Hip hip hooray! No failures in this meal. Oh and they are really nice.  I will be a regular if they don't let me move in.
5	Wow... Honestly this is the best taco place I've tried here in AZ. I had ordered two of every taco and they were all delicious! It was also my first time trying Cabeza taco... And it's definitely one of my new favorite! The al pastor was sweet and had like a honey glazed on it which I liked a lot!  I would recommend and definitely come back!
5	It's cheap, it's delicious, and it's delicious. Also, it's delicious. I can't really elaborate beyond these points, but if you're a Phoenix native, you must go here for tacos. Simply must.Also, try the memelitas! :D
4	Street tacos!!! My favorite thing of all time and they are amazing here!!! The corn quesadilla is unique and delicious. The fish tacos, pastor tacos and asada tacos were nothing short of amazing. Also, it's cheap, $2.25 for fish and $1.50 for asada and pastor. The service was very friendly. This place will be in my taco shop repertoire for sure .
