3	I came into this branch of Currys last week to see if they had any good deals on laptops as mine has been nothing but a disaster ever since I bought it and has had the mother board replaced twice. I've since realised that it's a known faulty batch and there's even a lawsuit against HP in the states if you have the same laptop. This same lawsuit doesn't apply to UK consumers and Comet refuse to take any responsibility for it. (ARGH!) So it's been a lose, lose situation for me ever since I bought it. I finally got it in working order only to break the charger and for some reason my laptop seems to be an exception to the rule (of course) of universal chargers and nothing will fit it. So now I have a working laptop that I can't turn on as it no longer has a charger. It's about as useful as a chocolate teapot!For the past few months I've been using my brothers laptop but I really need to get my own and I'm hoping that Currys is a better option than Comet. Although I really need a  laptop, I'm a bit scared of rushing into it which is why I wanted to check out Currys to see what my options were. No sooner has I walked in, I was bombarded with sales patter from various sales staff telling me about various different laptops and computer jargon that just goes right over my head. They did have a good selection but to be honest, the prices didn't seem as competitive as some offers that I've seen on the internet and the sales chat didn't really make much sense to me.I just want a laptop that works. Is that too much to ask?In addition to laptops this reasonable sized Currys also stocks all manner of electrical equipment including TVs, camcorders, cameras and various other electrical items that are bound to break and cause you no end of stress.
4	Much like Eleanor, I've been drawn to Curry's much by default due to some fairly shocking service at rival Comet. I bought a USB Dongle from them a while back, which broke fairly quickly, and was flabbergasted that they wouldn't replace it as they would not accept returns that had been taken out from the box. When I questioned them as to how it was possible to test if goods were faulty without first taking them from the box, I was met with a sneering retort that reeked of stale tobacco.Onto Curry's, and after a few minutes of politely declining the brylcreem drenched, slightly tragic sales pitches from every angle, left with a shiny new dongle, backed up with a reasonable returns policy.It will do for me.
2	How do these shops get away with it? 'Specialists' they call themselves. HA! Honestly, I've never come across a bunch as under-qualified as the staff in here. I'm sure they're very nice people. Really, I'm sure they are. In fact, there was one guy in there who I chatted to about music for ages. He was cool. The problem is, they know NOTHING about electronics. Which, you'd think, might be a prerequisite for the job. I mean, they know the basics. They can tell you what RAM a laptop has, but they don't seem to know what it means. I've spoken to a few different people in here and they're all as clueless as the next.I'd never buy anything from here anyway, because it's so much more expensive that if you buy online. But even so, it'd be nice to go into an electronics 'specialist' and be able to get answers to slightly more technical questions than 'do you sell iPhone covers?'.
4	Coming from the USA I am used to electronic stores. Stores were you can practically go and buy a robot slave to wash your dishes and get an artificial heart or something . And being somewhat of a nerd I love my electronics and was aghast when I relized there were not as many electronic stores in the UK as in the USA. Where would I get my parts for my super collider!!! well this little shop is about the closest I can come to , and you know what? Thats not all that bad at all. I can go in here and get a nice wide variety to choose from. They have a little bit of everything. Camera, camcorders, Apple products, printers, and tons of other stuff. Thank you for being in Edinburgh you cute little digital store and having lots of goodies. I need you so I can get my electronic fix on when I need to . I recommend this shop for you folks like me , its also a great little place to go wander and window shop!
