5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Nandini here is the resurrected version of Royal Taj!  The same ownership remains, but a name change was necessary due to a liquor license issue.  I stopped in today to give the Lunch Buffet v.2 a try and here were some of the features:*  Friendly host.*  Lightly decorated but comfortable dining room.*  Right-sized (for an Indian Buffet) selection of 22 items, counting salad items separately. but not counting sauces & dressings.*  Terrific Mango Lassi to drink, included.  YAYI!     :-))*  Pretty much "the usual" Indian Buffet fare, with everything ready to go at opening time, served up to temperature, tasting medium-spicy and DELICIOUS!*  The Chicken Tikki Masala and Chicken Tandoori were both "especially" 5 Stars!*  I'm not a big fan of goat meat, but it was pretty good.     :-)*  Tasty hot Indian Tea also included.*  LOW BUFFET PRICE (for an Indian Lunch Buffet) of $6.99!  (It was $9.99 as Royal Taj.)It's 5 Stars now for this 10 years landmark Indian restaurant with a new name!     :-))
5	Having recently turned vegetarian for health reasons, I wondered if the Paneer Tikka Masala could be half as good as their Chicken Tikka Masala, which was the best I've had from England to NYC to Phx. Well, no need to worry because it was superb! Smooth and creamy, the dish melts in your mouth. There are numerous vegetarian options. I strongly suggest samosas to start, and you can't go wrong with their saag/palak, chana masala, either of the dahls, the yummy okra dish, or the aloo gobi with savory cauliflower and potatoes. Add rice and garlic naan and you will have a delicious  meal. Take some home too cuz it's even better the next day!  Friendly and courteous staff, and the owner usually stops by every table.
4	For about $7, this buffet is a great deal. Mango nectar and hot chai tea are included with the buffet, a nice touch, and garlic naan is made freshly right to your table. The buffet itself consisted of a mix of various popular vegetarian and chicken based dishes. Such items included paneer tikka masala, chicken tikka masala, aloo tikki, chicken vindaloo, aloo gobi, and saag. There's a salad bar with various dressings, and a selection of carrot halwa, gulab jamun, and kheer/rice pudding for dessert. My favorite dish out of the buffet items was the aloo gobi. It had a great mix of flavor, and had large chunks of potato and cauliflower. The tikka masala dishes I tried were very heavy on the cream, and had a mild flavor. The chicken vindaloo, normally a very spicy dish, was probably about a medium level of spice.Service was good. Dishes were taken away promptly and water was refilled as needed.While other buffets might have more selection and better preparation, Nandini pares down the items to cut down on cost, and includes beverages to add more value for your dollar.
5	Lunch buffet for $6.95!!! Usually Indian Lunch Buffet are no less than $9 . They don't have a whole lot of variety, but enough to keep coming back. Place is really nice, spacious and clean. Service is good, by both elderly men that are really nice and fill your glasses promptly. Watch your step on way to buffet, I almost trip there every time, because of elevation in the floor. Bookmarked this as our new fav Indian lunch buffet. Coming back for sure!If you need lot of variety or very picky about the food, you might not like it. Food is tasty IMO. Naan was really good too!Update: Been there again for dinner. Same great service and tasty food. Naan bread was the best. My suggestion is to increase curry quantity. Thought its just a little than expected. I will come back for sure !!
5	Royal Taj was good.  Nandini is great!  Fresh, perfectly spiced, friendly and attentive service.  The food is better than ever!  Come try it!
5	The decor may appear to be simple but the food is delicious.  The goat curry and the shrimp vindaloo are both great choices.  A variety of tasty sauces accompany delicious breads.Definitely worth the trip.
5	Great reviews from others led us here for lunch on a Sunday. They've only been open a couple of months, and have Daily lunch buffet (not just weekdays). We have tried a couple of other Indian buffets in Phoenix and were not terribly impressed by the food. My meal today was Ridiculously Delicious, prices inexpensive and service was outstanding. We will be back and bring friends!
5	After reading the reviews and craving Indian food I convinced a group of co-workers to join me at Nandini. We stopped in on a Wed. for lunch and the place was a little slow with only a handful of tables filled - all I can say is lucky us! The food on the lunch buffet was plentiful and full of flavor and the personalized service of the staff was impeccable!  They offered suggestions, kept our water brimming and checked on our meal and overall enjoyment throughout!  We had some first-timers with us and everyone was very happy with the food and selection. This is a great place for those who haven't had the opportunity to try a lot of Indian dishes as they do a good job of explaining them on the buffet labels and the staff are wonderful and help you figure out the pairings for the food and sauces/chutneys.  Overall a wonderful experience and as this is close to the office we will be back soon!
5	Found this place by driving by - so glad we stopped. Food was delicious. We will definitely be back.
5	Great lunch buffet deal! Delicious food and great service. Same owner as India Oven so it's sure to please! Nice decor and comfy booths too. We'll definitely be back!
5	I was sad to see Royal Taj close down. However I stopped in tonight to try out the new restaurant. They guy said he bought the restaurant with his brother and it was under new ownership. The food was even better then before! Which I thought was impossible. Got my go-to dish: chicken tikki masala. Delicious. The owners are super friendly!!!! Will be back.
5	YUM!  The best Indian food I have ever had.  So good.  Came here for dinner with a groupon.  Tried the paneer tikka masala and like it so much that I bought another groupon (my friend had bought the first one) and went with my husband for dinner THE VERY NEXT NIGHT!  He also very much enjoyed his meal.  This time the spice level was a bit higher on my dish (I am a bit of a wimp) so I commented to the waiter and he took the dish - partially eaten - and remade it!  Brought me a new full, less spicy dish.  That is very good customer service.Was excited to try the $6.99 lunch buffet.  Small kids are $4.99 or $3.99, I forget.  Brought my three children and they all really enjoyed the mango lassi, garlic nan, rice, potato dish, dessert, etc.  The food was a bit spicier than our pallets enjoy so will likely stick to dinner where we can order the level of spice we prefer.I recommended this place to friends who bought a groupon and also really enjoyed their dinner.
5	So we read the reviews and also bought a $30 groupon. Good that we did, the bill with 3 sodas and 3 meals plus naan (which was good) was $60 with tax before the Groupon voucher.  Chicken biryani...good but chicken was a little chewy in some bites.Chicken saag...great. kids loved it.Goat curry...very good. Hubby wanted all leftovers to take home.Wait staff was very attentive.  Food came out quickly, and they gave us complimentary chips and a "sweet" for dessert.  They also invited us back for buffet, 7d a week at lunch only.The best part...Indians came to eat there, so it must be authentic :)
5	We came here for lunch with a Groupon.  We ate off of the regular menu (instead of the lunch buffet so we could use the Groupon).  Everything was ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC.  The waiter was wonderful, attentive and brought us a bit of an appetizer and dessert (on the house).  The prices are right on.  The daily (yes, even weekends) lunch buffet looked very substantial and yummy.  It is only $6.99---I can't wait to come back and try it.  Spread the word---you have to visit Nandini if you are into Indian food.
5	Sometimes when you go out, you can really good good, but lack luster service...and when this was true of the previous owners. But today, the interior is beautifully updated, the services is wonderfully friendly, and the good is just as awesome, if not better. Great buffet and lunch specials...and the owner comes out to give you recommendations and specials personally. It's tucked away, but a jewel in this strip mall.
4	I stopped in because its close and has great reviews this was my first time with Indian food and it was a good introduction I tried the chicken tikka , palak paneer and garlic naan all very tasty and enough for another meal I will come back and try some other menu items very friendly owner  too and they gave me a free dessert too what a happy surprise thank you Nandini
5	Had dinner here tonight. The best Indian Food I have ever had, and I have eaten Indian food everywhere in phoenix. The servers were so attentive and they brought us complimentary dessert. I loved the chicken tikka masala and the paneer was to die for. I also highly recommend the garlic naan and the naan with indian cottage cheese. This place really deserves 10 stars, not just 5. The atmosphere was great. I really hope that this place does well; they certainly deserve too. I am glad that they are in Tempe!Thank you again for all your kindness tonight!
5	Very good food! Had the butter chicken and garlic Naan...will be coming  back here for sure!
5	Delicious! Good quality food and awesome service. The chicken tikki masala was delicious with just the right amount of spice. Will be returning and trying their lunch buffet
3	Poor old style interior . The restaurant looks run down & depressed . Poor selection of paint on the walls , ceiling was badly run down ... Service was poor as well , the guy taking care of tables didn't smile a single time we were there . May be he is not really from food industry and this thing  is new to him . I suggest owner/manager of this place to work on interior & service .. Food was decent , for 6.99 buffet variety of food was good . Veggie biryani wasn't authentic and lacked taste . Garlic naan was just average . Gulab Jamun & kaddi were only 2 items that I felt were great in taste rest were all average and lacked authenticity . This can be a good restaurant only if they work on interior & service . Overall 3.5
4	We went around 6pm and were the only ones in the restaurant. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. He was helpful ordering from the menu. The food was super yummy. It wasn't as spicy as I usually like, but flavor wise it was fabulous. It was reasonably priced for the amount of food we got. I will definitely go back and check out the lunch buffet.
4	Upon walking in the restaurant,  we were a bit put off. There was a strong sewage smell and the interior looked like it had seen its best days in the early 80's. HOWEVER, we stuck it out and ordered.The food was worth enduring the smell. We ordered chicken biriyani and chicken tikka masala. Both were some of the best we've ever tried. A little disappointed that rice didnt come with the chicken dish and cost extra...but even so, it didnt dampen the experience.Like others we were given a complimentary drink (pink lemonade) and dessert (donut holes in syrup), which was a nice add-on.Service was very good. The gentleman that waited on us was very friendly and quick to help us.
5	A little hesitant, judging by the curb appeal. But it was totally worth it!!  Everything was fresh and flavorful. And the complimentary dessert was out of this world!  I have a new favorite:  Gulab Jamun!!
5	Excellent Indian food. Excellent service.Lety me dispel something in the reviews below. The place does not smell of raw sewage. The place smells like a family Indian restaurant, and i like it. A good restaurant smells of the food prepared there.Also I read that the service was not good. Not true. I was treated especially well. The owner was very nice, have me a free drink as I waited for my takeout order. Also, gave a free order of gulab jamun for desert.We ordered takeout. We always used to order from pasand a few miles away, which sadly closed a few years ago. This place has a lot on common. Understated and unpretentious, they clearly put all their effort into the food. Palak paneer was fresh cheese and amazingly spiced. The tandoor chicken was redolent with spices and flavor. Prefect samosas and naan. Excellent tikka masala. I was sad when pasand closed and hadn't found a replacement it yet...until now.
5	Excellent food! Attentive service :) The house Korma gravy was dreamy and the vindaloo packed the perfect kick. The naan was pillowy soft and perfectly spiced. The owners were friendly, and when my engineer boyfriend expressed an interest in the pictures of architecture on the walls, they were glad to discuss it with him :) We can't wait to come back and try the buffet!
5	Been coming to this location for years, love what the new owners have done. Best buffet in Tempe, spice level is above average, great selections, naan was good, deserts and mango lasse all bomb. Service was great, can't wait to come back!
5	Great food and amazing service. The ambiance was a little lackluster but I would prefer great food over ambiance any day. We had a friends birthday dinner here and everything we ordered was cooked and seasoned very well. Food arrived quickly and we were checked in on frequently. I would come back again and recommend this place to anyone.
5	My wife and I went after getting a $30 for $15. We went to Nandini for dinner. (They do have a lunch buffet that we want to try out soon).Good: For an appetizer my wife ordered the Chicken Pakoras which were great, rich, flavorful and had two dipping sauces one like a chili pepper paste and the other a sweet tangy sauce. For dinner she had the Palak Paneer which was VERY fresh and VERY good with a side of rice. I had a serving of Lamb Naan (again very fresh, and very good) and the Spicy Shrimp Vindaloo for dinner. The shrimp were big and cooked perfectly the sauce was great as well. (also had a side of rice). I also had some Mango Lassi which was probably some of the best I've had.The owner gave us complimentary samples of tea, a crispy bread (can't remember the name) and a delicious desert (deep fried dough balls in syrup). Portions are a good size, the menu is well-priced, and very reasonable for the quality of service and food.We will return with or without a groupon. For those of you "spicy-phobes" you can order your dish mild, medium, or spicy. As someone who eats spicy foods on a regular basis I can tell you the spicy isn't unbearable, it'll clear out your sinuses and still has a great flavor. Bad:None really, I wish I had more room for food. Final thoughts:It's a great place to eat and I highly recommend going there. Some of the best Indian food I've had since moving here in July of '13.If I HAD to have a "complaint" the only thing I would say is: They don't have any alcoholic beverages, I wouldn't mind seeing a few Indian beers on the menu, as I really do enjoy Indian beer.
5	My boyfriend and I were so happy to find a indian restaurant much closer to where we live. We usually had to travel all the way to Chandler so it's sort of rare. But now we can go to Nandini! The owner is very friendly and sociable. He made sure we had the best service. You have to try the palak paneer with naan, best combination ever! I can't wait we're going tonight but this time bringing our friend to enjoy this delicious food with us :)
5	Best indian good I have ever had! I got medium spicy and I was sweating, yet I could still taste the amazing flavors. The lamb was tender and tasty. They offered multiple complimentary items, all of which were delicious. The staff was friendly and the building was clean. I thoroughly enjoyed the meal and will most definitely be going back.
5	The best Indian I've had in Phoenix! Such great food. Everything was so flavorful. I had the chicken tikka masala which was delicious. The owner is friendly and the service was fantastic.
3	Thanks
5	Fantastic new Indian restaurant tucked away in a Tempe strip mall. Had the lunch buffet and everything was amazing from the food to the service. I definitely recommend this place!!
5	Great lunch buffet! Service was fabulous and attentive. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family.
5	Thus place is great! the food was delicious and was about the same price as most Indian restaurants I've been to. I give It $$ only because it is more than a fast food place. The service deserves 10 stars, as it was so great. Friendly, quick and very generous. We were seated quickly and our food came quickly,  we were checked on multiple times. You can tell they appreciate the business and that's (I think) part of what you pay for.
5	Went with a colleague for lunch buffet last week. Arrived early and the place was quite empty. So we get to eat the first/fresh food out of the kitchen. I like it that way. The items were all tasty and the variety they offer for $6.99 buffet is awesome. The guy who waited on us was constantly checking on us and was very attentive. The place was decent (not much decoration though). Place did not smell bad or anything like some reviewers mentioned. This is the first time I ever reviewed a restaurant; I am from India and can tell this is authentic Indian food. I was writing this so other folks can check them out while the price is still 6.99 for lunch buffet.
5	It is very good restaurant, casual dining with right food. The Garlic Naan is yum yum. I and my friend went for Lunch Buffet.The bill for 2 was 15.20 and we tipped 3 dollars for good service. Ajit J who welcomes you, is very nice and kind and very courteous.Weekday Lunch Buffet:Mango LassiBasmati Plain RiceVegetable BiryaniPanner makhaniCauliflower Aloo Palak SaagPunjabi KadhiChicken Tikka MasalaGarlic Naan/ NaanLentilsetc and SaladRaitaKheerDhoklaChutney-Green, ImliBoondi LaddoSame Orange Color BurfiGajar ka HalwaGulab JamunI personally ate Panner Makhani, Garlic Naan, Saag and Gulab Jamun. It was good food.Pink Lemonade Is compliementary i forgot to try. Open M-F 11 to 2:30           S-S 11to 3  Dinner 5-10 Everyday
5	Excellent food! I will definitely come back! The staff were personable and had great recommendations. The food was well priced as well.
5	I really love the food in here,me and my hubby always go there,specially there chicken tikka masala and butter naan.And there service is good!
5	Great Indian Food here. I have eaten here several times now (always the buffet), and it is great! What sets this apart is the quality and selection. There are many different dishes, veg, and non veg. They have several things that I have not seen before at a buffet, including several different types of sweets. I have always received very good service. This is not a fancy place,  but the price is right. I really like that they are not afraid to have some spicy dishes. Most other places in town are very boring in that there is very little spice. Here, at least you have a choice. I would recommend this place to anyone who really wants great food at a great price.
5	We found this restaurant based on Yelp reviews and we were so happy we did. The owner was friendly, the service was fast, and the food was delicious.  The garlic naan was covered with fresh shredded garlic, and the lamb saag was light and flavorful.  I also had the eggplant dish, which was spicy and satisfying.  This place is in a strip mall, but give it a try.
5	As we pulled up in the parking lot I was skeptical about whether or not I would be the 44th five star review for this restaurant. But the food was delicious, the service was friendly, and we rolled out of there with really full bellies. The naan was spectacular, the tamarind sauce and mint chutney were perfect, I loved the palak paneer, and the tandoori chicken. The owner said they've only been open for two months and my guess is they will be around for a long time.
4	Happened upon this place by accident, one day. The first time was good, I had the tasty Indian food staple of [chicken] tikka masala, and they spiced it to my taste. The server recommended that we try their daily buffet (11a-2:30pm) the next time we came, so about a month and a half later we did so. No disappointment, here! The buffet has a good mix of items to choose from, and the atmosphere is laid-back yet nice. I will agree with a previous reviewer that there could be some improvements to said atmosphere (mostly all the brown accents, yuck), but it isn't something that detracts from the overall experience.The service here is top-notch. The waiter (seems like there's only the one guy, as we had him both times and it looks like he was servicing every table in the place both times) is exceedingly nice and always at-the-ready with a smile and something engaging to say. Definitely give this place a try if you're driving down Broadway and looking for some eats.
5	Pretty good Mattar Paneer and Garlic Naan.
3	This place has a new name and had a bit of a facelift on the interior (it's less drab and they actually let some light in through the windows), but the food is the same as when it was Royal Taj.... nothing too special. I came with a friend today for the lunch buffet (points for having the lunch buffet on the weekend). The buffet is decently sized, but doesn't have a good variety of meats (no lamb or goat... boo). None of the food was all that tasty, the tikka masala was kind of bland, the chicken vindaloo was slightly spicy, but the chicken was not high quality (connective tissue and all that jazz). It was nice that they had chai and mango lassi available as part of the buffet, but both were fairly bland as well... this place needs to spice their food up significantly. The redeeming quality was that it was fairly cheap (7$ for the buffet), but I still wouldn't go back because it just wasn't up to par with other Indian buffets in town, regardless of price.
5	Excellent food with great service. We went late (around 9pm) the atmosphere was casual and the food came out quickly.  Some of the best Indian food I've had in a while.  We tried both the vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. I will definitely be going again.
5	Good food with lots of flavor. The quality of the chicken was good and tender. The service was friendly and attentive. Nice people serving good food. I had the chicken sag. It was very fresh with a blend of spices really bringing out its flavor.
5	This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Recently renovated, but the delicious food remains. The staff is friendly, service is fast but I never feel rushed. I highly recommend stopping by to check out the lunch buffet.
5	I live in Phoenix and don't make it to Tempe often, so this was my first time visiting Nandini with my girlfriend. The place was pretty empty when we arrived but a few more couples stopped in while we were there. We went with Saag chicken and tikka masala chicken, and some garlic naan as well. Every part of our meal exceeded our expectations. Each item in our meal was packed with flavor and cooked perfectly. The owner suggested we go with medium spice which was a great choice, not too spicy at all. They even gave us a complimentary order of gulab jamun for dessert! We went for dinner, but how can you beat a $6.99 lunch buffet? Highly recommended.
5	After reading reviews, my wife and I decided to dine here one day following an exhausting 4000 mile driving trip from which had not yet fully recovered. We dined on the noon buffet which was very tasty, varied and well presented. The price was a promotional one for their recent opening ($15.15 with tax for two), Servers were very welcoming, attentive and engaging. The naan was especially good and the vindaloo was appropriately spicy. Highly recommended.
5	We came across Nandini on Yelp while looking for a half-way place to meet friends that live in east valley.  Lots of good reviews helped us decide to give Nandini a try.  I'm happy to say the Yelp reviews were spot-on, Nandini is a great Indian restaurant!Since I am new to Indian cuisine I'm not really qualified to provide an in depth critique of the food but I can say this - everything we ate was delicious!  Something I can comment on is their great service!  The owner was our server and he was really excited to see new faces at Nandini. He also seemed really pleased that the positive Yelp reviews are generating new business.If you are like me and fairly new to Indian cuisine I highly recommend Nandini.  Their menu isn't overwhelming and has the english description of each dish so you won't be afraid to make a choice.
3	Was here for a lunch buffet. The spread is good, good variety in curries and desserts. The food is pretty good, but can be a touch better, being an Indian I guess I have higher expectations. But, I would go back. Very reasonable. One negative comment, a particular person who served us was pretty unhygienic, shabby and awkward. This is not a comment on the hygiene of the restaurant though. Staff was generally courteous. Best dishes: Mango Lassi, Garlic Naan, Paneer Tikka Masala, Karee Pakoda !! The Carrot Halwa, had a weird unpleasant taste.
4	Nandini is fantastic!  2 of us enjoyed a Thursday dinner there.  I saw all the great reviews and was surprised to find an empty restaurant when we arrived.  Not a problem, however I certainly hope they keep enough business to stick around.  My fiancee and I shared the Ginger Chicken kabob - very good - and the Malai Kofta  - seriously AMAZING!  I had not had that dish before and I am sad I went so long in my life without it.  Good amount of spiciness for both, I would have taken more heat but she wanted Medium only.  Mildly disappointed that rice is extra.  Very friendly service, and helpful (we chose the Kofta on his recommendation).Right now I think I still prefer the Dhaba because of their incredible menu, but I will certainly be back to Nandini to try other dishes and see how it stacks up overall.  Great work!.
4	I just visited this place last night. The food is great. The service was good. I plan to visit the place again soon. Definitely recommend the place to others.
5	This place is hard because i wanna give it a 4 but the food and service is a 5. First time at this place, my other half and i went for the lunch buffet. I was so excited for it but the mister doesnt like the concept of buffets. The food was outstanding, fresh and amazing with just enough variety.And for 2 with a great tip we, didnt spend over $20 and the other half was content. Last night, i was a bit peckish and need some spicy food. I went an ordered some garlic naan and chicken tikka masala with rice. $19 without tip for one. I was blown-away but the bag was heavy and the aromas coming from it, i Still cant remove from my car. When Arriving home and looking at my order. 2 cups of rice, 1 1/2 cup of masala, 1 10in piece of naan. I was shocked due to the portions that lunch has to offer at a cheap price. Really the food is outstanding with lots of flavor and moist protein but the price had me and my other half baffled.
2	This place may be having an, "off night." The service was good - the appetizer was fantastic! The Vegetable Biryani rice had shavings of carrots and a few peas but lacked vegetables. It was basically seasoned rice with a light sprinkling of vegetable matter. When we first arrived, the white paper place mats had food stains, the silverware was spotted as were our glasses. The server we had, a cool small-built man with a mustache, switched everything up for us. He couldn't have been better. He gets 5 stars!2 stars for the main dish, dirty table settings and 4 stars for the service and appetizer.
1	I normally am not very inclined to provide reviews... but this one stands out. I was debating on whether to give one or two stars.... I once had food at a worse place... but that would have earned no stars at all.From the Mango Lassi to Paneer Tikka Masala, Chiken Kadai... everything I had wasn't good. I had gone there after looking up 4 stars in yelp from 54 reviews... Well I guess sometimes yelp reviews can be way off the mark.I have had my dinner more than 5 hrs back... and I am still burping.
5	I have been to Nandini's several times now and have genuinely enjoyed every visit. The staff are always welcoming, friendly, and attentive.  We usually go for the lunch buffet, it has consistently been fresh and delicious. The chicken korma and chicken curry are family favorites. We also like to order the onion kulcha - it is excellent. It is a comfortable, casual place to hang out with friends and family for a wonderful plate of Indian food.
4	Great local Indian cuisine in Tempe.  The restaurant appears to be family run and they take pride in providing great service to all patrons.  The food is excellent and there is a great variety of dishes.  The owner had indicated to me that they offer a great lunch buffet with a great price but I have only been for diner, so I can't comment on the lunch.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Indian food that wants great value for their money at a local establishment.
5	Our beloved Royal Taj has returned as Nandini! The ownership stayed within the same family so the dishes are blessedly all the same. The interior got a bit of a facelift, and the service is still very warm and friendly.Get the korma, and you won't be sorry. I have yet to try a place that comes close to their sublime version. They also have the best garlic naan of anywhere I've tried. We are big fans of the saag paneer and their masala dishes. I love the paneer tikka too since it's just grilled cheese on a bed of onions and peppers. It's a nice change of pace from the all the sauce-heavy dishes.I have only gone for dinner because of my work schedule, but my sister says the buffet is awesome. Fewer choices than other Indian buffets, but the quality of the food is unbeatable.
5	Wow, I just found this place here on yelp and decided to check it out. Love it! The food was amazing and mango lassie is included with the buffet. I will definitely be coming back here and bringing my friends. YUM!
2	Very disappointed in the overall quality and flavor of the food.  A la carte entree items, such as the curries and samosas, seemed like they might be leftovers from that day's buffet or even the day before.  The naan bread was overly plain and half-burnt without the texture and flavor I get at other Indian food places.  The food looked "ok" (sauces were oddly neon in color), but lacked character and the taste of each item was very one-dimensional.  We ordered all food "mild" on heat (although we can handle spicy food just fine), but most members of my party still got an upset stomach later that night.  Wish I could recommend this authentic looking joint to friends and family, but I can't.
4	Good food,  casual.  The naan bread was a must get.  Tried the lamb curry and chicken vindaloo.  The lamb curry gets five stars,  the chicken not so much due to the fat not trimmed off.  I don't claim to be an expert on Indian food so take this with a grain of salt.  However,  the staff was very friendly and it's evident they're doing their best to bring authentic Indian food to tempe.
5	Omg the vegetable korma is amazing. So glad this place is back and remodeled some. Great location to my house. I picked up take out tonight and  I should have stopped a plate ago but it's so good!
5	The staff was freindly. I have been to many indian food places and this is by far the best. The food was delicious.
5	Must try the goat, chicken pakora and chicken naan! The chicken sagg was the best!! Great service and clean place! Coming back to try their buffet soon!
5	Growing up, I always ate at Indian restaurants with my family, so I have a pretty good idea of what good, fresh Indian food tastes like. I am so glad that I moved right down the street from Nandini because they bring great, delicious food to the table.I first tried this restaurant on August 28th for dinner with my boyfriend. When we were seated we got complimentary pink lemonade and some papadum to share. We ordered the Chicken tikka masala, baingan bharta, naan, and rice. Everything came out in a timely fashion and was nice and hot. The naan tasted like it had just come out of the tandoori oven. The flavors were delicious and right on target. As we finished up, we got some complimentary gulab jamun for dessert. I walked out that night one happy girl.Finally, on September 14th I got to come back to try the lunch buffet. They had all of the classic favorites out plus a few other dishes. Expect to see chicken tikka masala, shahi paneer, palak paneer, chicken vindaloo, dal makhani, among others. You can choose either basmati rice or vegetable biryani. They also have some desserts such as gulab jamnu, rice kheer and carrot halwa. Another plus of the buffet is that they have self-serve mango lassi and give every table garlic naan! What more could you ask for, for only $6.99 a person?!? So inexpensive for such a great deal of food and drink.I have already been there 4 times (3 times in 2 weeks) and don't plan on stopping anytime soon. The owner recognizes my boyfriend and I every time we walk in the door, he is such a nice gentleman. The wait staff are also good, keeping drinks filled and always asking if we need anything. This is definitely my new favorite lunch spot! Recommend to any Indian cuisine connoisseur.
5	This place is amazing. The food is delicious and the restaurant is very clean with wonderful service. Everything I had was delicious, you really cannot go wrong with this place!
5	We found the food to be very tasty and it came at a good pace. The service was truly awesome. We had samosas appetizer, veggie korma, chicken tikka masala, rice and garlic nan. We would go back regularly if we lived here.We found it based on the address and not by visually spotting the restaurant. It is In a shopping center and the restaurant/sign isn't visible once we were in the parking lot. It was tucked behind an animal hospital. Price was rightly for the quantity and quality of the food.
2	Downgrading my initial review substantially.  They were not prepared to effectively accommodate take out orders on the phone (person answering the phone was unaware of whether or not she was capable of taking orders, and settled on not), OR when I arrived.  The restaurant was empty again, I suspect there is a reason.  They got my 2-item order 50% wrong and 100% unsatisfying - "Aloo mutter" is apparently potatoes and peas in the same curry sauce as Vegetable Korma.  NO.  The "Vegetables" in the Korma itself consisted a tiny handful of chopped cauliflower and 10 peas, and 2 shreds of red pepper.  The charge for rice wasn't new, but worsened my overall impression.The semi grumpy old man standing at the bar reading the menu, wearing embarrassingly ill fitting clothes, and failing to acknowledge the customer in any way, was also completely unwilling or unable to assist the order process - and clearly it was in need of help.  Sad to say we won't be going back.
1	I am sorry to say but it's the worst indian food I have ever had. The food is not fresh and tasted as if it was from previous day's buffet. I am from india and can tell easily by eating indian food if it's fresh or not. Waste of money at this place.
5	Excellent Indian food. EXCELLENT.They have a ton of delicious stuff that I have never had/heard of, but expect tons of veggies, chicken, potatoes, and curry. The lunch buffet (yes, a GREAT Indian buffet), was under $10!!!!! ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!Seriously though, if you want some awesome Indian food here in Tempe, this is the place to go. Check it out.
5	Some coworkers and I went here for the lunch buffet.  Everything was fresh and hot.  They server garlic naan on request which was great!  Great selection with all the traditionals egg curry, tandori chicken.  Also, a small salad bar and dessert!  To top it off the buffet was only $7.50 per person.  We will be back!
5	A local search for an indian food fix vetted this relatively new spot in Southeast Tempe for a nice lunch buffet option. Fate would have it that the place is owned and managed by the previous manager of Indian Oven (a place I used to be of check-in royalty for), and all the food is just as delicious and fresh as I can remember.Spot on for value (~$8 lunch buffet) too!From talking with the guy, he is planning to introduce a delivery food service after hours (10PM+) for the hungry late night crowd in the area! When another night of filberto's just doesn't sound appealing anymore, this could bring a really great alternative for the area..
5	Delicious! I love Indian cuisine and this really hit the spot! I ordered the chicken kabobs which were great and the order was huge so I was able to take home leftovers to enjoy later! The pricing was fair and the service was fast! I was surprised more people were not dining there with us!
5	I dont log in and write reviews, but this place was super delicious . I had garlic naan with chicken korma and i almost licked off the plate. Will be back for lunch buffet :)
5	First visit, and we'll be back!  The food is awesome, definitely the best lamb saag I've ever had. Great garlic naan as well.
5	I went to this place for the first time tonight and LOVED it!  Any time I go to a new Indian place, I get the chicken tikka masala as a 'baseline' dish to compare to other restaurants, and Nandini's was delicious.  Tender chicken in a great sauce and awesome portions.  My boyfriend got the tandouri chicken and it was great as well, again great portions for the price.  I also got their homemade chai tea and it was great, not at all the syrupy stuff you get at Starbucks.  This is real, authentic chai.The only slight downside is that rice/naan don't come with the meal, you have to order separately, but the portions for these sides are good and it's worth it.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.  Dinner took a little long, but was worth the slight wait.  Restaurant is clean and cheery, nice environment.  I'd definitely recommend!
5	So delicious, so friendly!! The buffet was great!
5	This restaurant has been a great dining experience for many years I am not in any manner sophisticated.I never compare nor do I expect tradition to trump innovation. I can only offer everything tried I enjoyed.That the people are gracious.Many times at other types of restaurants I might have liked aspects but not everything.For myself and when accompaniedI or we found it to be really great.
5	My wife and I have been going here since we moved to the Vally four years ago, and when we came back again last night we were surprised and a little concerned to find it was under new ownership. I've had Indian food all over the country and this was the best I'd ever had, so it's always concerning if anything changes up. However, we were thrilled to discover the food was just as flawless as ever. I don't know how they do it so much better than everybody else, but this place is as good as it gets for Indian. I'm honestly a little glad that it's under new ownership because it looks like they've got the business coming in a little better for whatever reason, and every time we went in the past we were always so worried they'd go out of business with how few people were in there. I liked the dim lighting that they used to have a little better than the bright lights they use now, but it's certainly not affecting the food. I do miss that sweet lady that waited tables though. I'm pretty sure she owned the place (with family maybe, i don't know, but she seemed kind of in charge) and she was always very nice. The new guy seems great too, but I hope the old family is still doing well.We've lived all over the Valley and we still always came here, and that's not changing any time soon. It's possible to find cheaper Indian food, I imagine, but I don't care. This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona.
4	I ordered take-out from Nandini tonight and it was delicious. While my family chose to eat burgers from elsewhere, I was in indian food heaven with chicken pakoras, palak paneer, chana masala, basmati rice and butter naan. My kids did chow down on the chicken pakoras though and really liked them. I can't wait for lunch tomorrow so I can have the leftovers. My food was hot and ready on time and the person who helped me (I'm assuming the owner) was very friendly.
4	Pulling up to this place the 1st good indicator, lotsa Indians outside with obvious full & happy bellies. The atmosphere could've been any restaurant. Nothing Indian abou it, but that's fine. It was clean & didn't smell like sweaty feet.The buffet is just a few tems & I tasted them all. Very good! The nan was great & plentiful & the service efficient.  BUT the draw if this place is that it's really inexpensive...$7. I'll keep this place in mind at the end of the month & needing to rob the coin jar.
4	Went there with a few work colleagues and we enjoyed our meal immensely.  Service was swift and very professional.  The restaurant was very clean and cool. The food was excellent. Absolutely full of flavour with generous proportions. And the price was also favourable. I like Indian food and would recommend anyone looking for Indian food to go there.
5	We will definitely be coming back here! We had chicken tikka, Channa Masala, and lamb vindaloo. All soo wonderfully delicious, and perfect spice level. (Medium) Our server was great too!
5	First, I have never seen Mango Lassi on a buffet before today. That is impressive. They have excellent tandoori chicken. There are about 8 entree items and 4 desert items to choose from on the buffet. I came here because they are the highest rated Indian Restaurant in Tempe. It is well deserved. I wish these guys were in my town.
5	Hands down best indian food I've ever had. The owner is super nice and the food potions are generous and they've never disappointed. I've been here many times and the food is consistent and always delicious! A must visit!
5	Read yelpers reviews, my girl Krissy never has tried Indian, had to order Tandori chicken also ordered Paneer Tikka Masala both super, the basmati rice & naan garlic real good. Portions big and the waiter gave us s tasty desert & said try the lunch Buffet it's only $6.99, if I lived here I sure would. This is an unexpected nice treat & real cheap
5	This food is simply amazing!!!! I've never tried Indian food before, but this was great. It's authentic Indian food and the menu is amazing. There is something for everyone on it. The place was casual and classy, and the staff was so friendly. I was visiting and when I come back to Arizona I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant. Yum.
4	I hadn't been to Nandini in its previous incarnation....but I'm glad other yelpers had, so when they had a groupon offer, I knew this was surely a good place! We came for a late dinner and opted to order fresh, cause ya never know with a buffet...The decor leaves much to be desired (especially the ladies room) but the service is charming and friendly.Their heat scale is legit IMO, as a 5/10 was about as much as my mom could handle and she's no wuss.
5	Just came from this restaurant. The portions were large, spicy, and delicious. They also bring free papadum to the table... The kind with cumin seeds in it. So good! The service was excellent. The waiter (I think he might have been the owner) was very personable and put up with me asking about several dishes' ingredients.We ordered garlic naan, palak panneer, tandoori chicken, and lamb masala. It was all so delicious. There was nothing but sauce and one piece of naan left, so I took that home just to be able to heat the naan up and dip it in the sauce tomorrow to relive the meal. It was that good. It's so hard to find good Indian food in the valley, and this place really hits the spot. Can't wait to go back.
5	Best Chicken Saag. Best Ginger Chicken. Naan is delicious. Great service. Have to come back for the buffet!!!
4	Just happened to stumble into this place for one of their lunch buffets. There seemed to be a buzz about a new name and menu and the inside looked different than before.Arrived right when they opened and did a head dive straight for the buffet. They had a nice medium sized selection of items with several options for those who do not eat meat. Really liked the freshly cooked Garlic Naan bread that they brought to the table. It was delicious and a great way to sop up the sauces.The best part of the buffet is that you can eat as much as you want. I went up a few times and was completely full by plate number three. The Tandoori Chicken was very good and ended up eating an equivalency of a buckets worth at KFC.Everything else was very tasty and with just the right amount of heat for the common folk. I doctored mine up with some of the spicy peppers and hot sauces to get it that extra kick in the pants.Service was very pleasant and the place was comfortable and clean. Just make sure that you are watching your feet as you approach and leave the buffet table. The level of the floor changes quickly in one spot and can create a party foul.Bring the family and the kids. The value of food per square inch makes this a great deal. Plus it is pretty fast to get into and out of in a hurry and back to work. ALL YOU CAN EAT HAPPY!4 STARS
5	This place is incredibly amazing, The Food was Great and the service awesome..I will come back for sure!!!! BEST Indian Food in Tempe..
3	Great place for lunch with a large group!  They have great traditional Indian food.  The buffet has a large selection and the owner/server was very polite and attentive.
5	This place is excellent!  Wish I could find something similar in Nortern California! Flavors are well balanced yet potent enough to confirm that this is the real deal! Everything I tried in the buffet tasted great.  Love those curry dishes.
3	Only tried the buffet and it was OK at best. Definitely not the worst. The service was pretty good but to be honest the place looks like a health hazard.The dishes are all pretty mild and watered down tasting on the buffet.For the price of $6.99. It's worth it for a quick bite though.
2	I'm not sure where the good reviews are coming from?!!The buffet was priced at $6.99, which is a great price, and included mango lassi and chai, but the quality of food was poor. Every curry gravy was thick with corn flour, so much so we could not focus on the flavors. The decor is not much better from the days of the Taj. The gentleman who waited on us was friendly.
5	Very good food! Ordered the lamb vindaloo and it was perfrctly spiced. It had so much flavor to it. Service was amazing! The waiter was very attentive and cordial. Will go again!
5	Picked up an order to go.Early evening, inside was very quiet and clean. The aroma of wonderful Indian food filled the air as I walked in and instantly greeted. Went to the bar to pay, also immediately greeted and the gentleman who helped me was very nice. After paying, the food was promptly brought out to me from the kitchen.Portions were appropriate and the food was excellent. Food was nicely packed and still very hot after the 10 minute drive home. We ordered the chicken masala, vindaloo and naan. Both entrees were some of the best we've had in the SE valley. Cannot wait to go back.
4	The place is pretty bare, minimally decorated, and missing a warm feeling (it was also cold inside). We enjoyed the food here, the service was fine, if a little slow with checking up on us.  My wife ordered her dish mild, but came out spicy. The flavors were good, the portions decent, although not as big as some other places.  We ordered samosas which were tasty but could have been crispier and not so greasy.  I think we would return here again, maybe to get a take-out order.
5	Wonderfully yummy food, large portions, fast and friendly service--what more could you want?We tried the tandoori chicken and lamb boti kebab, with garlic naan and basmati rice.  You can order your food mild, medium or hot. We went with the medium and it was perfectly spiced: just enough spice to add some heat, but not enough to need constant water.Service was excellent. Our food came out fast, waters refilled before we realized they were low, and they really cared if we liked the food.We will definitely be back!
