4	This Goodwill is probably the busiest in Charlotte and has above-average selection in each dept.  They have good variety of clothes, shoes, books, furniture, and housewares.The selling point at this store (as you might have guessed by reading my views) is the book selection.  Unlike other stores, they have a steady rotation of new titles, nearly new for really cheap.I'm regularly surprised by their furniture selection.  If my house wasn't cluttered like your grandma's crib, I would pick up a table or even a couch here!  Also, this place is freakin' Mecca for used appliances.  I always see a selection of used microwaves, coffee makers, and blenders.  The clothes are nice, not as nice as the Matthews Plantation, but you can still find some amazing deals on brand name clothes.  Please be warned: Saturdays is NOT a good day to shop due to crowds of crying, screaming children.  Plus, you wouldn't want to get in altercation with aggressive shoppers over a $1 beer stein.  Try a weekday before 6 or so.  Happy treasure hunting!
2	More of a country style goodwill but its cool had what I need for cheap
2	Mostly used this Goodwill location as a donation site.  My last donation experience wasn't a great one... I had packed up my clothes that either don't fit or I just don't wear anymore into a nice box.  There are some pressure strips that probably alert the staff as you drive up to the donation door so someone comes out and helps you unload your stuff.  The guy didn't really say too much... must have been a long day.  I usually don't ask for a receipt unless I donate electronics and such.I do remember taking our old family computer here back in the day.  It was pre-IBM386, but was still in working order and had a rad amber colored monitor.  The staff thanked us for the donation and then proceeded to chuck the computer and components into the large bin with all the other electronics... guaranteed that the computer had a 50% chance of not working anymore.  Oh well.
4	You never know what you'll find in here... but I found 2 like new chairs for my living room for under $50! I have also found some nice crystal glasses (including goblets, flutes and whiskey glasses), as well as silver plates and stuff for the kitchen. I frequent this Goodwill-you don't always find what you're looking for but when you do, it's so worth it!
4	I'm really surprised that I haven't written a review about this thrift store yet! I've been all over Charlotte since I moved here looking for a good store that I'd frequent most often for my random whims and adventures. Lo and behold, this location is in my own back yard. Ok, well not reallllly my back yard, more like my own back street, down another street, and then in a plaza... but it's relatively close to me. This location has proven to be the best time and time again when I'm on a clothing binge, or a random piece of furniture. I found a ton of Express Studio work pants for next to nothing and they look like new. Talk about ecstatic!!! I also got a huge picture to go in my bedroom that runs the length of the wall for only $25. This Goodwill is hands down my favorite location. My only complaint is that they don't have the pants divided up into sizes, so it's sort of a random free for all. But I'm pretty crafty when it comes to sniffing out a good deal, so I find what I'm looking for every time. :)
