1	Went to this breakfast place on Nov 27, 2011. We waited at the door for seating at least five minutes, during this time two waitresses and one bus boy walked by us and avoided eye contact. There was no hostess or anyone to seat you. I suppose the owners of this location on St. Charles do not care too much about service. So we left, who cares what food they serve, with the reception they have I believe that if they do not shape up this place is bound to fail.  We went to Petinos and within a two minutes span four people including the hostesses, owner and a waiter asked if we were served. NOW that's service. I suggest Ben & Flo go to Petinos  and learn about customer service. Unless I read some good reviews I will not be going back.
5	- Always received great service despite busyness level (visit count: ~8)- Never been disappointed by a menu item (esp. chicken salad sandwich & fusion scrambler)- A bit pricier than other places but the food quality more than justifies- Awesome apple sauce side
1	When I need to wait 30+ minutes for a bagel and an order of Eggs Benedict this is all I'll give in ratings. Crazy slow service from the kitchen. The fruit was not fresh and was basically made up of a banana with some nasty grapes. The Benedict was good but not exactly steaming hot according to my husband. Just skip this place.
1	Dirty and unorganized. This restaurant has gone downhill since I last visited a couple of years ago. I walked in  with my sister and we were not acknowledged for at least 5 minutes. There was no one else waiting and it was not absurdly busy. Finally we were seated where we continued to wait for at least 10 minutes before we were approached by a waiter. He brought us coffee and water, of which my sister's coffee cup looked like it hadn't been cleaned. When we mentioned it to the waiter, instead of bringing a new mug, he simply said that he had spilled some coffee on the mug before bringing it to us. Mmhmmm :/ Our table was missing cutlery, so we asked a waitress for spoons- she literally went to the table right next to ours and grabbed a spoon out of a pile of cutlery that I wasn't sure was clean or the leftovers from a dirty table...I have no complaints about the food itself except that we waited 45 minutes for it. Not ideal for a breakfast restaurant. The bathrooms were abysmal. Only 1 of 3 stalls was useable, one had no tp left and the other was just a total mess. The bathrooms were just disgusting. The overall cleanliness of the restaurant was not good, the floors looked like they hadn't been swept or mopped in a week. Overall we were both unimpressed and will not be returning.
