3	Basically the only place around. There's a banner outside proclaiming it's under new management (for what it's worth).
4	Was a little questionable from the outside, but the food turned out to be surprisingly good.  Four of us had the chicken and beef chimichangas, chicken burrito enchilada and the carne asada plate. All were good and well priced. Will definitely stop in again if ever passing through.
3	I can't speak for the rest of the menu but the carne asada tacos at this desert joint were delicious. My daughter and I were heading on I-One-Oh from Tucson to Frisco and we stopped here because the food options decrease dramatically as we course the wide Sonoran Desert. What makes the tacos really special are the amazing corn tortillas, which are made there! The horchatas were also sweet and tasty. It's a small family run business. Not pretty to dine in but worth the visit.
5	Any place that will make a breakfast taco from scratch off the menu and be so nice about deserves a shot and the home tortillas were an awesome addition!!!
1	We stopped in for a bite {2-12-14} after a visit to the hot springs, in a word disgusting! The table was sticky the windows were dirty there were stains on the walls. It was gross! This was a nice place with good truck stop style food I don't know what happened but we'll never go back.
3	This looked like the only restaurant at this exit though there were fast food options. Sometimes local places can be surprisingly good. This place was ok. It is not scrupulously cleaned and a lot of things need repair or replacement but the place is tolerable. I appreciated seeing an enclosed patio where a dog owner was served with his dog out of the sun. The menu is fairly large. My wife had an omelette and I had a Carne asada plate. We have both had better but this was ok. There was a lot of food for the price...more than we could finish. They have mexican beer and I enjoyed a couple.  Service was slow but friendly.
3	If you find yourself right off the freeway in Tonopah, you'll see right away that there aren't a ton of dining options. You could eat at the gas station, or you could go to Tonopah Joe's Family Restaurant. Despite the rough appearance, I opted to support the local family restaurant.Don't let the exterior, or the dated interior decor scare you off. This is an old-fashioned family diner that does a decent job serving it's local community with honest, home cooking. I went for the carne asada burrito and added rice and beans. The burrito itself tasted fine - seasoned chunks of grilled beef with pico de gallo rolled in a large flour tortilla. Nothing fancy, but it hit the spot. The rice and beans were fine, but probably unnecessary. All said, the grand total was under $7 -  a bargain for a sit down restaurant.The service was a little on the slow side, but I wasn't in a hurry so it was ok. I wouldn't make it a point to stop in Tonopah to eat here, but if I was ever next door filling up on gas and it was lunch time, I might stop back in.Support local businesses!!
3	This place is a 3.5 for the following reasons  - we get a kick out of this family restaurant in the middle of nowhere. We practically ran out of gas and noticed it across the way. we've been here twice and were surprised that the food is much better than the environment might suggest.  Spacious but In need of a good scrubbing and loving care we were served items off the menu that were really good.  The homemade albondigas soup is worth returning for.  If the way a place looks is important to you get over it, their homemade food is just that. Don't let the no weapons sign on the door or the chopped truck "taxi" up from deter you from checking this place out.
1	We drove 25 minutes to this place because we had a $5.00 Restaurant.com gift certificate I bought last week. They would not let us use it; waitress said the boss isn't accepting them anymore. So we had to pay for the soda we ordered and then we left out of principal. You would think the owner would not want to lose a sale....not this one!
5	I ate here earlier with my boyfriend and  yeah it looks pretty run down, but sometimes that's were the best food comes from.  we shared an enchilada style burrito with carne asada and cheese inside it was really good and it was huge. The waitress was a very sweet old lady :) I will be back again !
4	Nice little place!  We had huevos rancheros with hand-made tortillas. Very nice family, their younger daughter serves.
