4	The pizza is good long as the delivery driver makes sure it doesnt shift. And when you get it the cheese slid to one side. But that only happened once. The cheesesteaks and fries are delicious. And I recommend trying a italian soda. The Zeppolis arent on par with Villa Pizza but are still delicious. And their delivery times. They quote you a time and show up quicker which is awesome when youve been drinking and are hungry. Plus they remember you by phone number so you dont need to give your addy each and every time. AWESUMMM.
1	Never again.  We ordered the stromboli and appetizer combo platter.  The person on the phone was nice and answered all my questions. However, the surly delivery driver was the beginning of the end for me. I wasn't expecting much from the combo platter (fried foods typically don't travel well) but I wasn't expecting inedible. Gross. The stromboli was salty and greasy...it was 3 toppings but I could only detect 1. Very disappointed.
4	This is one of the best places on the East side, and possibly in Vegas.  Not only is everything fresh, but they deliver (www.eat24hours.com).  Not only pizza, but pasta, wings, and Italian dinners.  Great prices.
4	I had a terrible experience with Angelina's today and decided to try Napoli's... I ordered a veggie pizza and some mozzarella sticks... First of all was told it was probably going to be an hour delivery, the food was delivered within about 40-45 minutes. The delivery man was very nice and the food was very fresh and very tasty. Napoli's is so considerate, they included paper plates and plastic utensils for me. Will Order from here in the future. Best Pizza I've had since being in Vegas.
5	Best pizza in vegas by far. Closest thing to real NYC pizza! Pick-up special lg 1 topping for $8.00 can't beat it and the staff is great. Anytime I've gotten delivery it's been quick and the
5	I love Napoli Pizza and Restaurant. It is hard to find a good italian marinara in this town and trust me i know im sicilian and they have good sauce!!! Not only is their food amazing but i have never actually been to their restaurant only delivery they are always here in half an hour food hot and crunchy never soggy and been sitting for awhile!! If i could give them a 20 out of 10 that would be their rating!!! Amazing!!! I love you guys!!!-layna christensen
4	Still my favorite place to order from in Vegas!!!
4	Are food was very good the only problem we had was that they got part of my wife's order wrong but then they quickly fixed it
5	Just made my second order. Its the only place in Las Vegas that can understand me when I speak!! Food is great, very friendly staff, they always find my address and deliver food on time! Guy on the phone had a great sense of humor too!!If you are like me and have had terrible service at Angelina's Pizzeria go to NAPOLI PIZZA!!!!!
4	I've always admired Napoli's pizza from afar, but wasn't able to eat it because of the usual meaty toppings. But not today...not today!I ordered the Calzone online and it was hot and ready when I showed up. $9 might seem like a bit much for a quick lunch, but holy schnikes was it worth it.Gooey mozzarella and ricotta cheese wrapped perfectly in a snuggie of dough, garlic, butter, and Parmesan. This place is a must try for pizza lovers.
4	My favorite wings by far. I order the garlic Parmesan and xxxxxx hot wings. Both boneless. My favorite! They even text you when your order is on their way! How considerate
5	Napoli offers delicious pizzas with the crust burnt just right.  We have decided to add Napoli to our pizza joints circulation.  Tonight's special was a large pepperoni pizza and twenty buffalo wild wings.  We also added a dinner salad, for a total of $30.  Needless to say, the pizza and wings were delicious.  And don't think that Napoli doesn't know how to make a good salad.  The bed of lettuce was covered with red onions, peperoncini, black olives and tomatoes.  Yummy!Come give Napoli a try and free yourselves from name-brand pizza joints!
4	Really great food. Just didn't like that they where 8 minutes late delivering my food.
1	Well this is the last time ordering from this place, one of the workers  who's name was "Cary" very rudely over the phone said it would take over 2 hours to diliver our pizza after running our creddit card, I asked for a refund, the girl hung up on me, I called back and was guaranteed a pizza within the next couple of hours. Nearly 3 hours went by and there was no pizza dilivered. I called back they said they decided not to put in any order. I asked for a refund again and was told I won't get one until 2 weeks have passed. I won't recommend  ordering from here to anyone they have the worst customer survice  ever to be provided to the public. They just lost a customer
1	Napoli Pizza location...(765 North Nellis Blvd. North Las Vegas, NV)...is the nastiest place to order food from. The food is under cooked and raw. When you speak to them about your order they tell you that the food was just fine and that your complaint will fall deaf ears and they will not do anything about. The manager...(Holl)...I think that is what they called him will tell you that he spoke to the owner and they will not do anything about it you either like or your out of luck.... this place is -10 stars. I wouldn't feed there food to animals. Notify the HEALTH DEPARTMENT FOR RAW FOOD WHEN ORDERED WELL DONE AND BBB ABOUT BUSINESS PRACTICES.
4	We always order pizzia from work here.  The 30 inches. But for home. Make sure you tell them easy on the cheese!! Orther wise your good.
3	I wanted to order several pizzas (about a $150.00 order) for my Las Vegas based call center, but I couldn't complete my order.The employee who was trying to take my order was rude. She asked me what my business name was and before I could finish, she asked me what my address was. It didn't seem like she was a good listener. I promised my 45 employees that they would be getting pizza the next day. I couldn't trust that my order would be completed. I told her no thanks and I'll order from Pizza Hut!I've ordered Napoli's for my home before. They have good pizza, but poor customer service.Update:The next day I called a different Napoli's location. They had some similar customer service issues, but were much better. My office got pizza and they were happy.Perhaps just the Nellis Blvd location is bad.
2	+ Ordered delivery, said it'll take an hour and 10 mins, our food arrived within an hour. + Garlic balls are cheap and tasty. - Pepperoni pizza was too oily. - Lasagna was salty and had no lasagna noodles. - Would not recommend this place to friends.
1	I will never ever order from this place again. Two freaking hours late with my food and they didn't even give me a discount for being late.
1	If I could give a 0 I would.  I placed our order through Eat24.  An hour into the order we were told the food was on its way.  An hour and 30 minutes we called the restaurant was told our food had been done for ten minutes.  Around an hour and 45 minutes we finally received our food.  Food was inedible.  We ordered the following with review after each item:Bacon Cheeseburger Medium Well Done with Mac Salad:  We requested buns on the side so they would not get soggy.  Burger was well done, dry, and could tell it had sat for quite awhile.  Mac salad was the same temp as the rest of the food.  You would think a delivery place would know to separate the cold stuff from hot stuff.Bacon Cheeseburger Well Done/Plain with Coleslaw:Old and cold.  Could of been a good burger if it had been hot and juicy.  Coleslaw had a funky smell when opening also was with the warm food.  Didn't trust it to try it.Curly Fries:There was maybe one full size curly fry the rest were just pieces of fries.  Was pretty old, soggy and not very edible.  No flavor or salt on the one actual curly fry we could eat.Zeppolis:Very dense and cold when we got them.  There was hardly any sugar on them and we each ate one and our jaws hurt afterwards.We contacted Napoli was basically told they didn't care and they would only reimburse four dollars on a $30 inedible order.  So basically the delivery fee.  Contacted Eat24 they tried to complain to the restaurant and didn't get much response as well.  Was given a $20 credit from Eat24.  Will use Eat24 again will never waste my money on Napoli again... if I had not paid cash I would be canceling the credit card transaction.
4	Good pizza. Had delivered twice now. Always fresh and hot. The garlic balls are great too. Price is a little on the high side though, but worth it
1	Pizza came with crust in the middle and cheese and toppings in the corner of the box.
3	Ordered a pepperoni pizza. It was good a little on the greasy side. So much grease the pizza started to fall apart.  Also got two off the bottles sprites and they were past there expiration date one sad Mar 2014 and the other Sep 2014. Won't be back anytime soon.
1	This was my first time here and let me start off by saying how disappointed I am that I wasted over 40$ on crap I got a special that includes a large pizza and chicken wings and I added a salad with extra ranch. Let me start off by saying the pizza was so disgusting it had so much oil it seems like they poored extra olive oil on it or something no Buenos. The chicken wings didn't have any sauce on them I ordered mild they came plain I was passed I like flavor I Don'T want taste less chicken . The only thing I didn't hate was the salad but you can't go wrong with that its a salad and the ranch was ok. I guess over all I rather go to angelinas pizza at least there food is good . Not like here
4	I used eat 24 to order my food took about an hour but it was worth the wait! I got the gyro salad, cheese burger, medium boneless wings and clam chowder all was some good grub mmmmm!
5	Everything on the menu sounds delicious. If the salads are any indication ... I want to try everything!!! Will definitely be back!
5	This has quickly become our families favorite place to eat. The atmosphere is laid back and typical of a pizza resteraunt, which is why I can't explain the homey feel you get when you return here. Maybe its the music playing while you eat. I went for a quick lunch with my four year old and ordered the lunch special, two slices and a drink for $6. I was not ready for the slices they brought us. They where huge easily the size of a regular pizza. And delicious to boot. And the fries and hot wings.... To die for. The best hot wings around. Perfectly crunchy and moist. The owner is always polite and comes up to you during your meal to ask if everything is OK. Great service, delicious food. We are permanently regulars..
1	Pizza might be good but wait is Hoooorrrrible. Not sure what the point of ordering for pick up if you have to wait another (few cuss word)  hour when you get there! Waste of my time!
4	WTF is the hate for this place??? I have ordered food from here X2 and it's been EXCELLENT. Huge monster burgers and 2 LITERS OF SODA. I am a thirsty asshole I want 2 liters - I really don't order from anyone that doesn't carry 2 liters because it's stupid. This place has a jillion mile long menu I can't wait to try it ALL - with a fucking TWO LITER.
1	We have family visiting from out of town and decide to take them to our favorite spot. I was so disappointed.  The girls where a little rude and didn't smile. The food took longer than usual and when there was a spill on the floor and we mentioned it to them they didn't come and pick it up for at least 20 mins. The music wasn't playing like it usually is, which always makes part of the atmosphere for me. And then when they brought out the plates a baby roach was on one of them. Wtf?! You could tell the owner wasn't there because we NEVER had this kind of experience when he was there. I'm upset because I love this place and now we won't be going back.
