2	Small bakery with a decent variety of breads&cakes inside the Greenland Market.Every time I shop at Greenland, I can't help but to stop at the bakery on my way out. I've tried a good amount of different types of baked goods, and I'm let down every time. The breads just don't taste good. Some are too dry, some too bland, etc. This may be because I'm from Los Angeles where there are hundreds of franchise korean bakeries that know what they're doing. This may also contribute to my opinion on the appearance of the goods. The packaging on some of the goods are just not professional - scotch tape all around the packaging? really? Also, the coffee bun just looks like they've tried to copy something and just hasn't worked out. The pizza bread is fine - can't go wrong with that.Breads with beans inside  are fine too.Overall, the goods look and taste like an amateur baker tried to make some goods at home.Onto the service... the older lady I've seen there a couple times seems to treat me depending on her mood. This may be because I'm younger. A few times I would go, and she wouldn't say a word to me, ring me up, mumble the total, and give me the change. I said thank you in korean. No response. Recently, I went, and there was a good amount of people browsing around. She was a little more friendly.
1	I wish Yelp has zero star for their review. I am wondering if Lepidor passed food safety inspection. Some bread smell like car oil and taste bad. It wasn't the first time I tried. I hoped Lepidor improved in making better bread. I gave them few more chances but came with huge disappointment. A lady always works inside Greenland market need to learn customer service. I am a big fan of Korean bakery but sorry Lepidor!! Anyone has an idea when Paris Baguette will open in Vegas?
4	Def a spot I tend to make of I am in the area. I have have narrowed it down to the peanut butter and egg custard as my favorites! The bread is so soft, slightly sweet, with the creamy peanut butter filling is ridiculous! The egg custard is creamy, sweet, smooth, and very delicious!  This is a place I come go to at least once a week! The prices are very reasonable at $1-$2 per pastry and the have a lot of variety.  I also like the cream puffs, so far they have best filling I have tasted besides cream puffs back home in hawaii and at 3 for $1 its something to def give a go! Will def be back for more goodies!
