5	In and out that's what it's all about these days.My vehicle's headlight was out! I went to some place in the valley and they quoted me $279.00 to replace the whole headlight. Ouch, so, on the advice of my friend I took my car  to Dave Beason and the team over at the Muffler Shop in Henderson. $13!! It was only a bulb they said. Wow am I lucky AND I was there for only 15 minutes. So reading material in hand and a smile on face, I left a happy camper! Glad there are still honest people in this world.The Muffler Shop Rocks!
5	A more honest, clean, professional car repair place you will never find!  Don't be fooled by the name.  It is a FULL SERVICE car repair shop.  I live in Green Valley and the short drive to Henderson is well worth it!  Thank you Jerry & Dave and the whole team for relieving my automotive stress!
5	Respectful, courteous and plain spoken.   I was not up-sold or hustled.   These guys were there to help me get my truck running as well as it could for what it needed and nothing more!  We talked about more expensive options and what (little) value they would have for me and did a great job and got me out of there in less than 90 minutes after walking in!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  Also pointed out some loval eateries for me to go to while I waited...and again they were spot on!   Had a great cheap breakfast!  I'll be back!
5	Just got back from my second visit. First time was to get an aftermarket muffler and flange welded together that was cut instead of unbolted. Quick, friendly and no BS. Then just got a custom exhaust made. Jerry(reception) and Dave(the exhaust guy) are awesome guys. Total price was as quoted. First visit was cheaper than quoted. Highly recommended for all your exhaust needs. I know i'll be back if i need another exhaust done.
5	Went to these guys on the recommendation of my regular mechanic. I had an exhaust leak. Dave fixed it in under an hour and it cost me $133. Beautiful!!! I am going back tomorrow for my smog. These guys were great and the shop was clean. They didn't try to pull a fast one on the unknowing girl, it was great.
5	I called about a week ago and inquired about bringing parts for The Muffler Shop to install. Bret was extremely helpful and said it would all be taken care of. I left the truck on a Thursday and went out of town for the weekend. We returned on Monday and the Steering box and intermediate shaft were installed. These guys even took and had the tires aligned. I would not trust anyone else in town. Thanks!
5	Only come here for my automotive needs.  Quick, professional, honest service everytime!
5	My review from 2 years ago still stands!  What a great, honest, professional car repaid shop.  IT'S NOT JUST FOR MUFFLERS.  They've replaced my air conditioner, battery, brakes... I have an old car, but it's paid for and the gang at the Muffler shop does a bang up job keeping it running!  Drive down to old Henderson and never worry about your car again!
5	We are so glad we found The Muffler Shop!  They were recommended to us by where we get our oil changed as "the only honest mechanic" the guy knew of.  We used to take our cars to the dealership and the difference in both price and service is unbelievable.  I had a repair done on 2 of my windows and the price was $110 less than the dealership... per window!  We were all set to pay The Muffler Shop for an A/C service and Jeremy told us how to fix the problem ourselves.  Craig went out of his way to help us with a few minor things at no charge and was just really nice and helpful.  I only wish we knew about  this shop years ago, instead of going to place after place where we were overcharged and even outright scammed.  Based on several experiences with The Muffler Shop, I have found them to be not just honest, but sincere in making sure you don't spend a penny more than necessary.  I can't recommend them enough.
5	They installed a custom Magnaflow exhaust on one of my cars. The installer worked around a trailer hitch which complicated the placement. Great job, great, personal service and fair prices. It is difficult to find an auto repair you trust, I feel good about these guys. A bonus is they are across the street from a casino if you want to grab a bite or hang out while you wait.
5	Yesterday was the second time I have been to the Muffler Shop. The first time was to get a dual Flowmasters put on my Challenger. Yesterday, I bought my own muffler and brought it in for my truck. It was a clean swap and they did my oil change too. This place is fast, clean, and honest. Let me say that last one again... HONEST! The first time I had work done, the quote was over the price I paid. This time, It was exactly what they said it was. On a side note, I had some ideas for my cars on the work I was having done. Both times, I talked to Dave and his recommendations got my cars sounding exactly the way I wanted. The welds were super lean to boot. I could go on about this place, but it's worth going to.My only recommendation about this place is GO EARLY!! Their work fills up fast so if you need it done that day, be there when the doors open. I did, and they called me at 9:30am with my truck ready to go. Thanks Dave and The Muffler Shop!!
5	Great place to get your car fixed! Great prices, speedy service, good customer service.  Better than most places I've been to :)
