4	My wife wants me to write a review for these guys. She went there just to try them because they are close to home. She says they are cheaper than where she used to go and the nails last as long or longer than the other places she's used. She took our daughter there last week. She's sold on these guys.
4	I'm not one to get my nails done, ever. It's a shame because I've always wanted to. With my wedding coming up, I figured I'd get some nice fake gels so my hands would look pretty for the special day. I went to a completely different nail place with a friend of mine to get them done originally. Much to my horror, they made my nails WAY too long and didn't file the edges. My poor fingers looked like daggers. After two days of getting them caught on everything from my clothes to nearly ripping them off as I was sliding my back door open, I decided to head to Sun Valley to see if they could fix them. I asked how much it would be to file them down & she said it was no problem, she'd fix them for no charge. It was REALLY nice of her not to charge me, I wasn't expecting that. Not only did she file them down but she thinned them out. She was really good. As we got to talking she said she'd been doing nails for 15 years and you could tell by how precise she was. As we were getting done, she refused to take a tip and just said to come back to her when they need to be filled. My nails are absolutely beautiful, completely natural looking, and everything I expected them to be the first time around. I should have come here to begin with, now I know.
5	I come here for my pedicures and manicures. They do a great job and are nice people.
5	I love,love this place. I won't go any where else. The business is clean you don't have to worry about bring any cooties home with you. They always have the same staff so you can always have the same person. My favorite is Lillian, for nails and Jessica for pedicure. Really anyone there is awesome!!!
4	Great little nail place.  I was looking for a salon that was between our house and a friend's house; this one was perfect.  I made a pedicure appointment for both of us.  They were very prompt and ready for us when we arrived (a big plus!).I'm a bit of a germaphobe but this place was very clean.  The employees were friendly and professional.  We both had nail art designs done and they turned out great.  My pedicure lasted for weeks.The prices were very reasonable and I have seen coupons available.  We'll definitely go back and if our experience is just as good next time, I wouldn't hesitate to change my review to 5 stars.
5	This place does an awesome job. Nails last a long time and very friendly!!
5	I've been quiet about this place for far too long!! I have been coming here for the past 4 years and won't go anywhere else!! Lillian takes such good care of me. Right before I started coming here I had an accident that damaged my thumb permanently. I don't have a thumb nail to work with but that didn't stop Lillian. She knew just what to do to make it look beautiful again. Seriously no one can tell I have a deformed thumb. She is an artist!!! They have the best pedi chairs around and plenty for all of your friends to come together. Although they do accept walk-in appts, I recommend calling ahead to make sure they can accommodate your schedule.  Oh, and ask about happy hour, not sure when it is but they do give a discount during that time.
5	This place is amazing. After moving here from Ca, I have been looking for a nail place for 3 yrs!!! Cecilia and Lilian really know how to take care for their customers. But I recommend making an appointment.
5	Love Sun Valley Nail! The ladies are really nice and professional, listened to what I wanted and gave me what I asked for plus suggested some extras that I am really happy with. Will definitely go back here.
5	I wanted to find a new nail place close to home and all I can say is WOW! I found Sun Valley Nails & Spa!! Yesterday I had my feet done and they look amazing, today, I went back to get a full set of nails done and met Lillian! I told her exactly what I wanted and she did that and so much more! I love designs and having been trying to find someone open to creative nail art. With her input and mine as well, we created a beautiful set of nails and I can't wait to continue to go back and create more art! Thanks Lillian and team....keep doing what you do!  Your new customer, Chrissy G
5	I really miss going here to get my nails done.  I decided to go natural with my nails, but miss the wonderful customer service and quality nails.  This place is a wonderful place to get your nails done.  They would always listen to all of my crazy designs and I even got my hubby in there for a pedicure :)
