5	Excellent service, very clean, great food. Ask for TK to be your server great service. Order the Pork Adobo and Pancit so good. Will definitely try again.
5	Great food and nice area. definitely worth it!!  close to home and very convenient as well. Food selection is sooo awesome!! so good and big portions too. Staff is very polite and friendly they even boxed our to go food for us which is a plus for me coz im lazy!!! lol i love it ill be back for sure
5	I stopped by a few days ago and the food was great, service was prompt, and the restaurant itself was very nice. Ask for TK, he's very attentive to whats going on. I'm looking forward to returning.
4	Just finished dinner and had binagoongan rice, lechon Kawali and adobong pusit---All are great portions shared by two and still have a lot of leftovers!Price is fair, clean and open atmosphere. Will be back for more!
5	It's our second try here and not disappointed at all!! We brought our family here from Cali and they love it so much! Food is soo good! Not expensive and big servings too. Friendly crew and really clean place!
5	Hubby and I had garlic rice, pork belly and a chicken dish with coconut milk. Everything was awesome. The pork belly was nice and tender and crispy. I will have cravings for this forever. We will be back to try the entire menu!
5	Hanny!! Was awesome.. Me and my friends were driving and I saw this place .. And then they looked it up on yelp! And the food was great!! Service was great! Def enjoy coming back here again..
5	Service was fast and the bulalo was really good! Bistek Tagalog is always satisfying!
5	Great food great service. Best filipino food in vegas. And the filipino employees make you feel at home
3	Went here on Halloween as an angel and a devil sat three tables down from us!Ordered Chicken Adobo and had some Canton Guisado along w/some rice! The adobo was good- I'm used to eating it with onions so that threw me off when I first ate it! I only got through half of it. I haven't tried adobo at enough restaurants to be a fair judge of it, but I don't feel compelled to order it again. If I love something, I know right away and I didn't get that feeling w/the adobo.On the other hand I liked the Canton Guisado more. I liked that they gave lime wedges to add some juice to it. It was fresh and full of flavor! Also got Thai Iced Tea w/boba which was great except that the boba got stuck in the straw several times. I also like when the boba is soft and chewy and theirs didn't stack up in my opinion. I definitely want to go back and order different things! Might get the garlic fried rice since I initially thought about it ordering and eating it w/the adobo vs white rice.
5	Very good authentic filipino food, reasonable affordable price, clean place, faster and friendly service.
5	Yummy Filipino food!! Just like Mom's, Auntie and Lola's home cooking ;) We had the house special fried rice, pork adobo, paksiw na lechon & bistek. Everything we ate was delicious. Service was good. Music wasn't too loud so we can actually hear eachother talk. Portions are big so we had a lot of left overs. Looking forward to bringing family here when they visit. Finished dinner with some filipino ice cream...mango, ube, buko pandan & mais conkeso (corn with cheese). All were delicious too.Would be great to have a kids menu.
1	Soooooooo dissaponted just came back from a trip from San Francisco and I was famished. The place was empty except for some employees eating. I ordered dinakdakan I heard so much about it. They did not have it . They tried to make me try another dish but it didn't sound good because I didn't know some of the ingredients.Strike one ! We were there about 25 minutes when I noticed another  waitress giving our order to a table whose occupants came much later than us. Our orders were full orders and these people ordered the lunch special. Much smaller portions. I called our original waitress yes she was eating but she didn't even bother to come. I was already late for an appointment  so I just left money to cover our  drinks and left. If it was really busy I could understand but there were only 2 tables that was being served. I would be really worried if it was much busier. I wouldn't want to be there........ ever.
5	The food was awesome! It wasn't a long wait either. I came in expecting cheaply made filipino food but it was actually really good! I will definately come back and reccomend this place to my friends and family!
1	worst lunch special ever!!! took 1/2 hour to get my food. all it was rice,boiled egg, tomato and pork.  the pork was cooked with oil, who does that? too much spices on the pork not what i was expecting.    never going back!!!!
5	We have tried all the dishes they have.we always come back for more.its better than any of the other pilipino restaurants.we tried the others but this is the best.
4	Pork Adobo lunch special was good, but the meat should've spent another hour or two in the roasting pan,  a bit tough, but the flavor was good.  Egg rolls were crunchy and yummy.  Interior is a change from the old Italian place, nice decor.  The music was soft so conversation was easy.  Good service.  We'll be back.
5	This place is definitely awesome! Never have I seen a more organized and fancy Filipino Restaurant here in Vegas before! And they've got great lunch specials! I recommend the Dinuguan! :)
3	the place is pretty cozy good if ur with family and kids. We were a party of 5 and they sat us immediately. We ordered fresh spring rolls which usually comes first within a few mins after u order it in some other vietnames restau but ours came out after probably 15-20mins with some of the food that we orderd. We had pansit bihon guisado which appears over cooked .. beef bulalo well they cookd it differently which didnt really appeal to me .. lechon kawali well how else can u go wrong with lechon kawali :) service is good though they made sure to check on us from time to time to see if we needed anything .. they were only serving 2 other tables when we wer there so I dont know how theyr gonna be if the place is packed .. Would return again but not any time soon .. not wen ur seriously hungry and want to eat something now .. coz of the wait .. but we'll see and post anothere comment the next we stop by there ..
4	Same owners as DT's in the southwest, same menu. Binagoongan fried rice is the bomb, lechon kawali and pinakbet all gud. Will try more of their food nxt time.
5	This is my second time coming here this week.  The staff is great, it's clean, and everything's made to order.  Food portions are well worth it!  Soon they'll have gaming, karaoke, and a full bar. I definitely recommend dining here!
