5	The location is right off the main area of Ste. Catherine Est in the heart of the Gay Village, but it was insanely quiet. Our room was right on the street, and I never heard a peep from outside. The place is really clean and recently renovated. The staff is very friendly. The breakfast is only continental, but there are a lot of different breads, fruits, and cereals. I had a great time here and will definitely stay again. I have stayed at many B&Bs in Montreal, and the price, location, and general low-key comfort of this place makes it my favorite.
5	Excellent bed & breakfast in an excellent location!  Nicholas & Philippe are outstanding innkeepers. Very clean & quiet, exceptional value for such great service and accommodations.
5	Great find...location was excellent and hotel was very clean and comfortable. Was a bit worried about the shared bathroom idea but it worked out great and had no issues.  Loved the breakfast and the Innkeepers could not have been nicer. Would highly recommend. Thank you!
5	We traveled to Montreal as part of our mini-moon through Canada, and had the pleasure of staying at BBV in Montreal. From the website to the building and its rooms, Philippe and Nicolas have great aesthetic taste and everything is modern and clean. They are both incredibly friendly, nice, helpful, gracious and generous hosts with a great sense of humor, and their dog is adorable and such a sweet friendly companion - the unofficial mascot.The rooms look like what you would encounter in a modern hotel room, with comfortable queen size beds, plush pillows, and clean sheets. Each bedroom has its own sink and they supply everything from towels, soaps, and even make up remover, and you have your own flatscreen tv (we ended up watching a hockey game late one night). The rooms may seem small but they maximize the space - we even had a fold away table in our room. Even though there are shared bathrooms, they are beautifully designed, clean with modern fixtures and a large, comfortable shower, and we never had issues sharing the bathroom when the place was filled. The shared living areas are comfortable, with a mini fridge available for guests to use with a filtered water fountain next to it, and there is free wifi and a computer available for guests to use. The balconies are a great feature to enjoy while the weather is warm. Parking is actually inside of their private garage behind the building, which gave us peace of mind knowing that it was enclosed and away from a public street.Breakfast is delicious - they provide everything from yogurts, several cereals both hot and cold, coffee and tea, fresh fruit, local Quebecois cheese and cheese curds (which my husband couldn't get enough of), homemade preserves, compote, and ketchup they made themselves, fresh breads and pastries, and Phillipe makes a fantastic breakfast sandwich with English muffin, eggs, and cheese - one of the best that my husband has had.The location is unbelievable, right in the heart of The Village neighborhood but just removed from the main drag of St Catherine so its very quiet at night. You are immediately accessible to all of the hot, popular clubs and bars, and lots of restaurants and two large pharmacy chains, plus the metro stop is a block away so you can get around Montreal quickly, easily and affordably. We would absolutely stay here again - and hope to soon!
