1	Awful, awful property. Where to start: Don't be fooled by their front office. The minute your signature is on that lease, customer service goes to hell. These units are infested with huge roaches, overrun by english illiterate immigrants (I actually heard the front office speaking to a resident regarding their social security number being registered to a dead person), and staffed by incompetent, unhelpful, degrading and rude excuses for human beings. Issues within my first 6 months have included lost packages after being delivered to the office, music being blasted (by the clubhouse) at such loud volumes as to rattle my windows and disrupt my sleep, (it took 5 calls to the office and 3 calls to 911 to resolve that issue), blatant pedophilia (our non-English speaking neighbor regularly hides in the stairwell with binoculars to view little girls at the pool - reported to the office, nothing was done) trash strewn all over walkways, stairwells, and parking areas, (again with no action from the office), unsupervised children going run-a-muck, (the fire department was here 4 days in a row to respond to blasting fire alarms that had been set off by these delinquent miscreants, and, the office claiming it could restrict my fiancee from visiting overnight. Paying rent with a credit or debit card costs $30+. The people running this office are without a doubt the rudest, most self-serving, ignorant people I have ever had the misfortune of meeting. Do yourself a favor and keep looking. Cheers! P.S Waterford Lakes - next time, just turn the damn music down :)
1	Beware!! They didn't even deserve a one star. This company and leasing managers are racist and treat people like they are nothing. All they want is you to sign on the dotted line and they got you! The 1 bedroom apartment we rented was a fucking DUMP when we moved in. The ceiling fan was ready to fall on our heads, there was black all over the a/c vents and the shelves in the closet were literally falling off the wall and the carpet had huge nasty stains everywhere. We were told our place was clean and ready to move in. I have a medical condition called Cystic Fibrosis, I am on a lot of medication and my meds get delivered by UPS or FedEx to the front office. After the third box of my meds arrived, in about a weeks time, the leasing staff labeled me as being contagious and treated me like dirt. After being there for two months, my doctor at MUSC in Charleston told me I have to live close to the hospital in order to get proper treatment and be able to go into the hospital when I am sick. We gave a written notice to the leasing manager and a doctors letter. The manager said, oh that's fine don't worry about it feel better (in her fake voice). Now, two years later I see they have put me on collection for $2000. No way will they get away with this. Do not rent from these Losers! How do they sleep at night
1	I went to visit this place to see if it should be considered as a prospective place to rent. Bad decision. As soon as I was taking the tour of the property a huge huge waterbug was spotted in the model. I could only imagine what the other apartments looked like that were being lived in if a huge waterbug was seen in the model. Omg! I'm terrified of those things. So the lady showing me the model picks it up with a prop inside of the model, and throws it off the balcony (we were on the 2nd floor). Well I hope nobody was walking by, they would've gotten a live roach thrown on them. She said oh, i don't want to kill it. it was still alive, and kicking.. laying on it's back. terrible experience!
1	HORRIBLE PLACE TO LIVE!FIRST OF ALL..... these apartments are NOT IN BALLANTYNE!!!!  This place has changed dramatically since I first moved in. It used to be quiet and peaceful. The genius who decided to design some of the apartments to where their bedroom is literally in the hallway of the building....Smh. I can hear EVERY...SINGLE...CONVERSATION that goes on in the hallway. You complain about noisy neighbors...they won't do anything about them. I have called the police multiple times on neighbors fighting, arguing. I have found a couple of dead roaches. There are spiders everywhere. In the spring, the carpenter bees take over and they claim there is nothing they can do. I had to call numerous times about wasps building nests outside my door and no one responding. The pools.....I'd never go there. Nice looking.....creepy people that watch women swim. Disturbing. I haven't had any major problems with office staff but I feel like they do just enough to not get major complaints.
1	Nothing had improved. My toilet keeps getting stopped up and you have to call the office multiple times sometimes to get someone to come out. I NOW HAVE ROACHES AND MY APARTMENT HAS ALREADY BEEN SPRAYED ONCE. I'M BEYOND DISGUSTED.
