4	We've been going to the Terrace for breakfast, and lunch for a few years because it's close by the house. Their menu has slowly grown since we moved nearby 5 years ago, and is actually decent sized for a golf course restaurant. Meals are reasonably priced, and tasty. We usually go when there aren't many customers, so we tend to luck out with quick service (I went once after a round of golf, and it was packed with golfers who just came off the 18th hole). There is usually 1 server working the tables outside (pretty great covered patio area by the way), and someone inside serving folks indoors. I've never had an issue with the food, plus it is as good or better than many other courses I've played on. Nothing fancy, but it's good, gets the job done, an doens't hit you hard in the wallet area!
4	After going here several times for breakfast and lunch, breakfast is my favorite time to stop in. I've had a couple of orders, but the chorizo breakfast burrito is hands down my top choice..stuffed with meat, potatoes, egg, tomato, and cheese. I've also come to realize if you eat inside, service is a little faster. They have a nice indoor seating area next to the bar.
5	We are Friday night regulars at the Terrace. Great drinks, great food and the best service in the valley!
3	Service was really good, casual atmosphere, serving size was adequate. My husband ordered the Jack Daniels brisket and flavor was good, they gave him a lot of it but you could tell it was not fresh, warmed up from another night possibly. I had the Jack Daniels pulled pork sandwich and it was good, could have used more sauce but flavor was decent. The Parmesan garlic fries where tasty too. Over all nice place, most likely will go back.
4	Ok Ladies - looking for something fun to do in San Tan Valley or Queen Creek? Head on over to the Terrace for Ladies Night! Weather you are a country girl, or a rocker, the tunes are jammin' and if you hang out with the right people, the crowd rocks too!A great setting with lots more fun in the works!  Take a night off and go have some fun - it's good for your health and it's local! ;) If you go tell 'em I sent ya!
4	Have definitely had some challenges over the years, but I am glad that it seems to be turning around.  Jason is awesome and the girls are amazing!  Haven't been out on a Friday night in a while and stopped in to hear the music of the RJ band - Robert and Joel were incredible! Great energy, great music!  Wish I could have stayed longer!
