3	I almost found out first hand what the true definition of "going postal" meant today when I stopped by this post office...Several weeks ago, I came across one of those notices you get in the mail that says 'certified' or something like that... but unfortunately since no one was home to sign for it, the little post card said that I had to take it into the post office to pick up my mail.  Ugh!  Who wants to go to the post office to pick something up that they don't even know what it is let alone may not even want?  So, needless to say, I procrastinated... but finally, today I had a few minutes to spare and decided to head over to the local post office to pick up my special mail.There must've been 20 people in there doing the same thing.  The line was almost out the door!  And there were only 3 people working so the line was moving slower than molasses.  It didn't help that it was after 1pm and I hadn't eaten lunch so I was hungry!But I waited it out, and the girl that finally helped me was sweet and found my mail... and luckily it was good mail, not bad mail so it made the trip worth it!  On top of that, I bought a sheet of cute heart stamps so now I have stamps to use when I need them!Props to the US Postal service for doing a good job in getting us our mail but I can't give you more than 3 stars this time!
1	There are circles where my opinion doesn't count and the USPS is clearly one of those circles.I imagine that someone like the postmaster of a USPS gets to make maybe 2 or 3 decisions a year and cannot fathom the qualities that makes one better than another except when facing one of these infrequent times to actually have to make a decision, they not only blow it but blow it with maximum impact on the maximum number of people. To the Scottsdale postmaster, I salute you with a job well done.Seemed innocent enough...Aging postal facility in area where the ever growing Scottsdale Memorial Hospital wants to expand makes deal to sell property and relocate the post office. Finds newly vacated Scottsdale Road location of failed furniture store which offers more space - I'm good.Now for the fun part. I've had a PO Box there since 1982. EVERYONE knows my PO Box Address.Here's where they blew it...most of the PO Boxes in the 'old' Post Office were combination mailboxes...no key needed. They don't do that anymore and want to play keymaster. So the big decision is that everyone who had a combination lock mailbox would get a new PO Box number - you can't keep the old number.My mail runs 40% mine, 40% whoever had the PO Box # before they arbitrarily assigned it to me and 20% who knows...no relation to either PO Box number, new or old but close enough for government work I guess.Now I recognize that postal employees do the best they can with what they're dealt and I actually have a friend whose husband works at that post office and agreed that this has been an unmitigated disaster.I think I should nominate this for a 'Great American Heroes' radio commercial because when they blow it...they do it with style.
4	The folks that work at this post office do a great job.  It is my favorite post office when I need to get something weighed properly.
3	Who's bright idea was it to move this post office to one of the busiest intersections in Scottsdale? I don't end up at the post office very often. When I do, it's usually just to drop something off at one of the mail boxes out front. While it's pretty easy to get in, trying to get out is a mess. The only way in and out is Scottsdale Road. If you're trying to turn left (north), you can end up sitting there forever. Turning right (south) isn't that much easier, you're only feet from McDowell. It's constantly backed up at the light, and it's hard to get all the way in the left lane if you want to head east on McDowell. The interior is massive improvement from the old location on Osborn. That's the reason I'm willing to give this location three stars.
2	I didn't know you could even review a Post Office... but since you can, I figured I would.  Though I don't come here very often, it seems as if every time I have some sort of issue.  I do want to clarify that the times (only a couple) that I've gone to the customer counter, they've treated me well.So about those issues... in the last 3 times I came after hours to use their automated machines, one time the machines were out of order, the second time they were out of all flat rate packaging, and the third, the drop box was jammed and therefore I couldn't drop off what I went to drop off... yeah very frustrating!!!
3	When I arrived, there was a huge line and only one person working. Thankfully, two other workers emerged from the depot of dreams and the wait was not too bad overall. The employees were friendly and they had the stamps I needed in stock. This is a larger location that has parking and full service, including P.O. boxes, automated shipping/stamp machines, and package drop-off/pick-up.
4	like most people, i get hives when i have to go to the post office. rushing after work to make it inside before 4:59 only to stand in line with about 50 other ornery customers. and this branch is at a very busy intersection in scottsdale. and forget about trying to exit in a "safe" manner....a left onto north scottsdale will have you squealing the tires and a right on south scottsdale will have you swerving all over the place trying to make mcdowell road. but that said about the poor locale (and the hours, i know the employees have nothing to do with that), i have never been greeted by a less than friendly counter assistance. especially from Dude. at least that's what it says on his name badge...Dude. that alone is enough to make the trip to the post office manageable. if you can, skip the line and use the automated postal service machine. but sometimes even those 2 kiosks have a long line.
4	This location has the self-service postage machine!! So who needs workers when you can do it yourself!
1	This is the last straw...we've had numerous problems with this office before but i can't stand it anymore. The line is always long and only have 1 clerk working. The clerks there are the rudest I've ever encountered! First we go there saying that we could not use a certain box  of theirs because we were getting free shipping from Amazon so that was annoying. I called my dad who is a postal worker and said that ask if we can just "black out" the priority mail part on the box and we asked them and they said yes. So we left and came back with everything blacked out and they still said it was no good with an attitude. Needless to say, I just left just furious without letting her finish her bs. I'll stick with other USPS locations or for this particular shipment, UPS....
5	I arrived Monday afternoon to mail sixteen packages to Arkansas for work.  The line was long and I considered leaving and returning to battle the long line another day.  There were about eight people in front of me.  Seven minutes later I was asking about my mailing options.  I selected priority mail with delivery confirmation as it doesn't require a signature.  Not only was it cheaper than other companies with amazingly similar initials, but it was half the cost we had estimated based on weight and location.  The post office representative had me help by affixing the delivery confirmation stickers and then the priority mail stickers onto the envelops to speed up the process while she entered the packages into the system.  Another seven minutes later I was done.  I'm just going to say it.  I had great service at the post office.  I've been back several times to mail packages to Arkansas.  All the employees are very competent.  Today, an older woman wanted them to track down a letter she sent with a check.  She was concerned because the letter didn't have a return address.  Not sure how that turned out, but the long line melted away in no time again.
5	great customer service thank you for being so friendly
5	Going to the Post Office doesn't usually make one happy, but every time I visit this location- I remember that we have some amazing dedicated Postal Service employees that really work hard to get things where they need to be.I recently picked up a package there, and was helped by an amazing employee whose name tag reads "Dude". I told him I thought that was cool, and he told me some funny stories. Anyway, don't be lazy and group all postal employees into a negative group- these guys are gems. Well done Scottsdale & McDowell post office.
4	On a Friday afternoon the line wasn't too bad. There were two tellers open  but as I was in line a lady opened the side half-door and waited on me. The postal tellers at this location always seem to be friendly and helpful. Most times I use the automated postal machine and I like that it's available after hours.
4	I don't really want to kill myself when I come here like I used to. In the past few years, something has changed for the better, and the employees almost seem like they care. (It's confusing; really)If you come at 5:30, this place will make you contemplate going postal, but off-peak times the staff are actually really friendly, helpful and seem to care to help, including the dude named....Dude.Picking up packages sucks a bit... If you get a package notice and come by the same day, if your carrier isn't back yet, neither will your package be available. Wish they had some way to communicate that easily, because it seems like every time I'm here someone else is pissed off that they can't get their stuff.
5	Great service here. The postal employee walked me over to the self service package machine and showed me the ropes personally while their computers were down. Nice and friendly and no wait even during lunchtime.
5	I think a lot of post office runs the same way. Could it be better? HELL YES.So why does this get 5 stars? Because it's open on Saturdays until 4pm!!! (I'll update my review if their hours ever change and give them 2 stars)Most post offices don't open on Saturdays and if they do, they close at 12pm. You'll have to go to the main processing center in Phoenix for the only other post office to be open as late. The only thing about this small post office is they don't accept big packages. Only small ones and letters. If you only use UPS or Fedex, then this doesn't matter. HAHAHA.I wish I could work in a post office so I can get out at noon... wait, no I don't...
4	I frequent this post office during my work hours (or if I'm on my way to or from work).  If I'm mailing packages and I'm around home, I go to the main post office on Van Buren.  Anywho - Just stopped by here Monday and yesterday (Tuesday) to pick up a priority box and mail off my package.  When I grabbed the box, no where on the box did it say that it was not the flat rate shipping box.  That's what I thought I was picking up.  So instead of paying $12.xx for shipping, I ended up paying $17.xx.  So really, that's my only gripe.  Have the shipping box area labeled accordingly, that way people know what type of boxes they're grabbing.
4	Avoid this place during all holiday seasons if you can because the line can get super long.  But other time is good, especially this place does open on Saturdays until maybe 3 or 4pm.  Good place to buy your stamps and get boxes for free.
4	I looked online and it said that USPS never picks up phone at local offices.  I just called and though it took a couple of minutes, they did pick up and were very helpful.  They apologized and explained they would definitely call me back to day to help me with my issue. They just needed to get the mail carriers out with today's mail and then they would work on it.  I have also visited this office on several occasions and they have always been helpful.  Way to go USPS!
2	Though convenient to us, this PO is experiencing some problems; possibly due to inexperienced workers? After all, all one needs is to pass the civil service exam to work there.Problem 1: "Anyone using a credit card?" I stepped out of the long line, glad there was another avenue to get my transaction done quickly. All I had to do was purchase a book of stamps and postage for a letter that needed delivery confirmation. The young man who helped me was apparently confused as to my request and by the time we were done, I could have stayed in line and been out sooner.Problem 2: We have one of those old fashion mailbox systems at our complex, where the mail person opens a row of mailboxes with a key, places the mail in their appropriate slots, then closes that row--or is supposed to. One day, the boxes were left open for almost an entire day, even after the local PO was called. Meantime, some things I was expecting in the mail have yet to arrive, or have they?
4	The service has been consistently good, always warm, friendly and helpful.  I have found that I have never been in line for a long time. Their prior location was less adequate.
5	they have stamps that come with a smile. do you know how hard that is to find?
