2	Pizza was not as good as other round tables. Seemed like it was cooked too fast (crust was typically undercooked like many of the fast-food pizzas). I do want to say that the guys working were very friendly and nice. Also, salad bar was pretty good.UPDATE 5/13/2011: I appreciate the comment from Roy F. This is a sign of good customer service, and I would return and try the restaurant again. The problem is that I live in California. I visited on a trip to Vegas with the family. So, my next review will have to wait until I return again. Thanks, though, Roy. And, best wishes!
4	I grew up in the Bay Area eating Round Table Pizza and as a result I am biased. To this day I still think RTP is the BEST pizza you can get - from a pizza chain restaurant anyway. The prices are a little higher for a pie here compared to other chain's - but like anything - you get what you pay for. The toppings are fresh and flavorful, and the bake is just right for my tastes. My favorite pie here is half and half King Arthur's Supreme/Wombo Combo. Ill take an RTP pie ANY DAY over Pizza Hut, Dominos, Papa Murphy's, Little Caesars, etc!
5	Pizza is probably the hardest thing i judge because I love it so much. I grew up with Round Table in San Jose CA and it's probably my top 3 favorite pizza places maybe even #1. Price is little higher than most places but you get what you pay for. The toppings are always fresh, toppings are packed on and the taste is always the same no matter what location you go to even moving to Vegas. My favorites are Pep, Combos and Wabo Combo. I wish there was one in Summerlin that would deliver but the pizza is sooooo great it's worth the drive to the W Lake Mead location Attention RT Corp HQ...put one in Summerlin w/ delivery =)
5	Showed up at Round Table on Lake Mead and was expecting to get the XL Large pizza Special BUT the guy who took our order said we needed a coupon.  I tried to explain that the last 3 times I got this special I didn't need a coupon it was just a Special...but the IDIOT with the tattoo on his right arm on kept on saying I cant give it to you unless you have a coupon....everything has a code everything has a code...bla bla bla....Instead of arguing I decided to suck it up and pay the 60 bucks fo the special that should have costed me $25 or $30 because I always come to the Lake Mead location and the owner was friendly. NOTE to the owner....What ever happen to the customer is always right? It was obvious he knew what I was talking about and you've given it to me the past 3 times with out printing anything Ohhhh but he did give us a discount of .27 cents for Seniors Discount on the XL Special.Don't post a special if your not going to honor it...business 101Here's the link see for your self http://www.roundtablelasvegas.com/specials.asp to the DUDE with the tattoo on the right arm....there is no coupon codes on any of your other coupons that have the dotted lines....and the XL Special is just a special...it doesn't show that you need to cut it out it's just a Special which the owner told me the last 3 times and I came home to look at the link to prove I was right...Get a new job where customer service isn't involved because you suck at it. What a FKN idiot  Still give the Round Table 5 stars and nothing against the owner I just hate poor customer service. Feel free to contact me to give me the money back that I over paid.
2	We tried this place out because we had a groupon. Honestly, I'm glad we waited because I was not impressed by this place at ALL. The place was pretty decent looking, I'll give it that,  but the bathroom smelled REALLY strongly of urine. I understand people are nasty, and that's not the restaurant's fault, but you still have to clean it out. Anyways, the counter guys were really, which is the only reason I can give this place two stars. We ordered a ridiculously expensive medium with peperoni and mushrooms.First off, some women brought their seven screaming kids in for dinner. I swear to god, they must have given these kids donuts and a two liter of mountain dew each before they left for dinner. Screeching, using people's chairs as a jungle gym, beating and kicking the gaming machines, all while the mommy's sat there like fools noshing on their pizza. This isn't at all the restaurant's fault, but as soon as they left more screaming, destructive kids came in, so I think you might want to get carryout if you end up coming here. A  girl finally comes out and brings us our pizza and she's actually wandering off when I call her back to get us some plates... Seriously.. Do you think we DON'T need plates? She finally brings that back and I realize we still don't have forks and knives. Whatever, I go hunt that down and bring it back to the table.The pizza: The bottom of the pan crust actually tastes sort of like a saltine cracker.. Even looked a little like one.. Weird, but otherwise a completely unremarkable crust. The sauce tasted like the cheapo special junk you can get at the grocery store. The cheese was good at least and they used plenty of it. The peperoni and mushrooms however weren't really good. Overall, overpriced pizza with mediocre quality. Next please!
1	Never going back over priced burnt piece of crap with no sauce.
4	By far the best pizza in Las Vegas (IMHO). They have the best pepperoni and their King Arthur Supreme is amazing. Their lunch buffet from 1100-1400 for $6.99 is a great deal and a great way to try lots of pizzas and toppings. If you ever see their Groupon deal it is well worth it!!
3	I had The Garlic Pizza which was tasty. The Service was ok. Other than that I think this place is average.
4	I love the Guinevere's Garden Delight pizza! Toppings are a perfect compliment to the crust and sauce.
5	I was so happy to see that this Round Table reopened recently after been closed for a while.  I used to come here about once a month for the lunch buffet as I work nearby, and I will have to start coming back now.  The lunch buffet is $6.99 for AYCE pizza, salad bar, and cinnamon twists.  Not a bad deal for a quick lunch!  Glad to see you're back Round Table!
4	I have been eating Round Table, since I lived in Half Moon Bay, over 30 years ago. I am normally a pepperoni pizza person, but I like linguica a lot. One thing I've always like about Round Table, is that linguica is available as a topping.This location seems to open and close a lot. Always a Round Table pizza but it has closed and reopened twice since I've lived in the area. As I understand it, it  was franchisee changes. Regardless, I'm glad it's open again.Enough of the history, back to the Yelp. I went there today for the lunch buffet, AYCE pizza, salad, garlic twists (think garlic knots, but different shape) and cinnamon twist.. With drink it's about $10. The salad bar has improved since I was last there, they have three kinds of greens, in separate pans, for the salad base. An iceberg lettuce with bits of cabbage, a Romaine and spinach, I had all three. Over a dozen toppings and probably 10 types of dressing. I don't think they make their own dressing, but the thousand island has always been great there.They also have potato and macaroni salads, I had the potato it was good and I'm picky about potato salad.I was there at the beginning of the buffet. The first three pizzas they put up were vegetable, pepperoni and a combination (which included linguica). so I was happy. I had pepperoni and combination, both were very good. The garlic twists were good. There was enough garlic you could taste it, a little more would have been nice, but I like garlic a lot.  (I didn't see any vampires in the afternoon, so there must have been enough) 8)I didn't try the cinnamon twists, I ate too much pizza. I had taken it for granted when it was open, then it closed and I missed it, it was the first time since it reopened, so I over ate a little. I will try them next time.I don't really understand the relationship with pizza and cinnamon rolls, it's seems fairly new, but most of the pizza buffets have cinnamon dessert variations included now. I'm not saying I haven't had the cinnamon rolls at Graziano's or Cici's after eating pizza, I just don't understand the relationship. Maybe pizza dough and cinnamon roll dough are the same, so it's easy to do. I digress.Anyway, if you haven't tried Round Table give them a try. If you haven't been to one in a while try this one, The lady running the place today was very proactive, making sure everything was okay, do you need anything, any particular type pizza you like so they could cook the closest one of their buffet offerings, etc.,
4	Very good small pizza (pepperoni, anchovy, olives, mushrooms). Also had small order of chicken wings--right amount of hot spice.  Second time visiting in two months.
4	My wife and I love to go to Round Table for their lunch buffet.  It's cheap and the salad bar is big and the pizza is good. You can't beat the price, $6.99.  The salad bar has a lot of toppings.  The pizza is always good.  Love the thin crust and the great toppings.  Will always be back for the buffet.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat pizza.When I eat here ,it brings back childhood memories of when we use to go to roundtables.People say Ny style or Chicago Deep dish are the best.They're good,but overall they can't top Roundtables in my book.My experiences and memories is what makes this place so good for me,and the pizza.:)
4	I'm so happy that RTP is back in business.   Maui Zaui withdrawals no more!  It's not gourmet pizza or New York pizza by any means but for some reason I like to have my RTP fix every once in a while.  There's something special about the Polynesian sauce they use for the Maui Zaui.  It's sweet but tangy and mildly spicy that works well with the ham, pineapple and red onions.I ordered 7 pizzas (Maui Zaui, Guinevere's Garden Delight, King Arthur's Supreme, Ulti-Meat, and Chicken & Garlic), salads and some Cinnamon Twists a day in advance.  I got a message the next day saying that they couldn't get my pizzas ready by 11:00-11:30am because of "how big the order was" - this was second-hand information so I don't know the exact statement made by RTP.  So, I called to figure out what's going on.  Pleasant staff and I got my pizzas and everything else a bit after 11:30, no problemo!Out of all the inexpensive chain pizza places, Round Table is definitely awesome!
5	This is the best pizza joint in Las Vegas.  I'm totally addicted to the Maui Zaui, worth every dime.  If you like crust that has those great bubbles in it, this is the pizza for you.  You'll never want to eat any other pizza after you've had Round Table.
5	Best pizza in town!!!!! Worth the 20min drive!!!!! Need to build more of them in town!!!!!
4	Love the brand for years. I was lucky that the one franchise Vegas has is right across the street from me. Been there several times since they reopened the location to find that the pizza is still the same as I remembered. The customer service at this store is great. The workers are very helpful and will locate coupons laying around to try and lower your price. Even if you didn't ask for one. Very impressed with my experiences here and management should be very proud of their staff. They get the job done
5	After closing then opening and closing again I wasn't even sure if this place was open. Luckily it was! I worked here when I was 15 it was my very first job and going in brought back alot of good memories ;) The lunch buffet runs from 11-2 weekdays and is fairly priced at 6.99 pp. It includes ayce salad bar, pizza and garlic parmesan twists which are deelish. We got there around 1130 so everything was hot and fresh the pizza was great and the twists were amazing as always. They even have cinnamon twists now which is an added bonus like a little sweet treat to finish off the meal. All of the employees were friendly and kept checking on us to make sure things were ok.All in all I had a 5 star experience. However their speciality pizzas are pretty damn expensive so I probably would only go back for the lunch buffet as it seems to be the best deal.
4	Bringin back child hood memories! I grew up in Tahoe and the Round Table there was Excellent! Very helpful as I am outside their delivery area! These folks are excellent!
4	This round table is always amazing 5 stars for the food and the employees. The only problem they don't serve beer!!!!!! They have the tap system visible from a different owner. How do you not have beer at a pizza place? I will change my review to a full 5 star when I can sit down and have a couple beers with my pizza.
4	My favorite pizza. There is something unique about the spicy sauce that's awesome. The crispy crust is nice as well. The downside is it is more pricey vs other chain's significantly and sometimes you wait on hold a long time when placing your order. I would eat this once a week if it weren't for the price/affordability vs Pizza Hut or Dominos as my kids could care less about the quality difference.
5	Love this place. Since Shakey's no longer exists in Vegas, this has become the next best thing. The crust is perfect ( I like it thin) the sauce is perfect, and the pie's always come out with those air bubbles in the crust .....love it!Salad bar kicks ass too. Pizza and salad...the perfect combo if you ask me
4	each and everytime my family and I order from here the order is correct, the service is fast aand the pizza is yummy. My only complaint is always order too much and we end up freezing it and never eating it :) so we have to order again lol
5	Being from Northern California.....missing having Round Table Pizza.  My favorite thin crust pizzzzza
4	Went to their lunch buffet, was impressed by the selection of the salad bar, the only thing I wish they have is some soup. Pizzas really tasty & full of toppings, they do get their pizza line well stocked with decent choices! Only if they have more dessert pizzas. For the price it's well worth it, especially Vegas doesn't have a real pizza buffet, we have Cicis! They also have a dinner buffet on Tuesday for the same price! I'd say they need to have more advertisement to get more business 'cause a lot of people doen't seem to know about it.
5	I love this Round Table!  My family and I carry out about every three weeks and every three weeks I swear to you I feel like I just won a Customer of the Century award when I'm walking out with our lunch or dinner.  Starr, Carrie, and Autumn are the girls I usually see there and I wonder if they are popping happy pills because they are so friendly.  They always recommend something delicious to go with my pizza - today it was a dozen wings and they were delicious.  The restaurant is super clean and makes me wish my family and I had the same schedule so we could dine in.   Great food, super great sevice.  I'm a happy customer.
5	Pizza is very good and Fresh. I alway get great service.KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
