5	As good as it gets!  Ask for Anna she does an incredible manicure and pedicure.  Very relaxing.
2	This place is less than average in my book.  I've been to....probably around 8, 9 nail salons so far both in Cali and Arizona and this is probably one of the worst.  The ladies are very chatty and loud, the salon is average in cleanliness and there really is nothing special about this place.  I did mani/pedi with french and design....and yeah, it was less than average quality.  My pedi didn't last more than 1 week afterwards...which is very odd to me because it usually lasts about 3 weeks or more.  One good thing was the massage....it was long and strong.I recommend flower nails for people who wants to feel cozy and family oriented.  If you are the type who wants to feel pampered like a princess without the pretentiousness and outrageous prices, I would go to Pink Polish.*Decor = average or less*Price = cheap*Service = ....average for a cheap, neighborhood nail salon
4	I've had a great pedicure both times I've been here. The ladies really worked on my callouses.  From this guy's perspective, Cute Nails is a salon I'd return to for my next foot grooming.But be forewarned, they are about $7 more expensive per pedi than most other nail shops in the area.  Also, while they take credit cards (preferring to run as debit), they require you to tip via cash.
5	Worth every penny, love Pat & Michelle!
3	I went to this salon for the first time today, venturing out from my usual place, and it was alright, but nothing special.  I got a full set and I had to wait about 20 minutes to get it because they were understaffed.  I also asked him to change up the shape of my nail, but he insisted that it would look better without it.  As much as I respect the opinion of a professional, I want what I want.  However, it was cheap and my nails still look pretty good.  Also, all the employees were very nice, and everyone in the shop seemed to be laughing and having good conversation.  Not a bad place, but I will be returning to my old salon
5	1:Got in last minute 2: worked on calluses 3:reasonable$  4:friendly  5:not in a rush!  6:worth every penny! 7: will return!! :-)
2	When I walked in the gentleman told me to pick any chair. So I did then he asked me to move. I waited about 10 mins until someone came over. She was very sweet and very old. Not that there is anything wrong with that however she was not taking her time like the others. She finished my Pedi in 30 mins. The calus remover was an additional $5 which I usually don't mind paying however she maybe scrubbed my feet maybe 5 times. I also asked for the sugar scrub which was oil and sugar scrub. Again not worth it. The foot massage lasted 5 minutes. So after paying $40 I would have much rather have gone to pink polish!!!!
4	A guy named Quan (pronounced Juan) stayed late to give me a full set of acrylics. You would think since he was staying late he would rush through it, but he didn't! Best set I've ever had. I recommend him!
2	The woman that did my nails did a VERY rushed job. Although they looked nice, the quality was not there. I've gotten gel polish done countless times and it usually takes around 40 mins. She did it in about 25 mins. They began to chip three days later. Only lasted a week before I had to get them redone. Waste.
