4	So I hate to say that I have had the fun task of storing crap. Moving in with the boy meant sacrificing majority of my belongings to a storage unit. I was absolutely dreading moving.After shopping online for an affordable, air conditioned storage unit that was close to home, I came across Extra Space Storage. Their website is easy to navigate, and their prices are affordable. This location is inside with air conditioning, but I know they differ throughout their several Valley locations. Never had a problem with service, access, or safety. I would recommend this Extra Space Storage unit to anyone.
1	I went to rent storage space at this company (applies to all locations)and was VERY close to renting from them( I gave them my drivers' license and a US Passport for ID).The rental agent told me that they require fingerprints as well as a palmprint according to corporate rental policy. UNTIL they wanted my FINGERPRINTS and PALMPRINT  in order to rent a space I was ok with everything. I asked why.When I said that I was all for biometrics for safety they looked at me confused as they did not understand what that was.When I informed them that it involves the use of a fingerprint in order to gain access they stated that they weren't that advanced yet.I then asked what they wanted my fingerprints and palmprint for and they stated security.I then asked that if my fingerprints were going to be compared every time someones' storage facility was broken into and they stated NO.I then asked what do you want fingerprints for then.You can go to a bank and cash a sizeable check and they require an index finger print,which I can understand,BUT this is a storage facility for crying out loud and people are required to have or purchase insurance in case of something happening.All it takes is a disgruntled employee lifting your prints to place elsewhere and frame someone for a crime.I even tried calling the district mgr.(from outside the facility) for a further clarification and left a voicemail message to call me as he did not answer. I was also asked to leave the facility in the middle of my phone call.I complied. I am still waiting 2 days later for a return call.Potential renters BEWARE AND TAKE NOTICE!!!This is NOT a place to rent storage space from.They are obviously treating everyone that rents from them as a criminal element.THERE IS NO JUSTIFICATION FOR THEIR DEMANDS TO SUPPLY FINGERPRINTS.I asked them should a storage unit get broken into are they then going to run my fingerprints in a database in order to eliminate me from being a suspect in the break in and they stated NO.I then again asked them what they needed fingerprints supplied to them for and they stated MY safety.Sounds VERY FISHY ro me.Needless to say I am NOT RENTING from this concernWhen I asked other facilities around town if that is a requirement in order to rent from them they all laugh and say no.For the people that do supply them with fingerprints and rent from them, they must be idiots.You can lift fingerprints from a fingerprint card with scotch tape and plant it anywhere you like.It is that easy.A word of WARNING.STAY AWAY FROM  THIS STORAGE FACILITY. RENT SOMEPLACE ELSE.THEY ARE NOT LOOKING OUT FOR YOU AT ALL.MY NAME IS RICH AND I CAN BE REACHED AT 602-316-3660 IN CASE YOU WISH TO CALL.DO YOU HEAR THAT CORPORATE.i DARE YOU TO CALL ME.
2	The physical establishment is clean, comfortable in temperature and presentable in appearance.  Access is simple enough.  Then there's the staff.  When I rented the unit (June 2012) I had a great experience with the young man who showed me around and filled out my contract with me.  The kid gave great "face", as it were.And then.In the initial work-up, I made it Very Effing Clear that email was my preferred contact method because I do  not answer calls from numbers I do not recognize, The End.  Kiddo says "hey, no problem, we'll totally email you if we need to get hold of you for anything."Fast foward several months to the rate change I wasn't made aware of.  Then fast forward a couple more months to the NastyGram I got in via regular mail saying "We're gonna auction off all your shit if you don't pay us"... except the money was no longer in my account as it had been sent to them via automated bill-pay.So I call them and attempted to address the issue.  Hahaha.  The person on the phone (Terry, female) seemed to have difficulty comprehending my words - I explained the situation from my POV and she not only disregarded what I said but interrupted me several times in order to do it.  I freely admit I lost my patience (and nearly my temper) with her.  The situation is mostly resolved now, but I promise I am moving out of there next month because you will get a lot of lip service but not a lot of follow-through from this organization... and the new place less than a mile from my house is $50 a month cheaper for more space and a U-haul to move it all with.  :)
3	Sadly, this storage facility would get 5 stars, since I like the facility, management, and staff; but can't do it in good conscious since there exists the ongoing propensity to raise the monthly storage fee every several months or so.It happened the first time shortly after I moved my items in-I believe the rule is after 6 months-then again some months later; causing me to reevaluate my unit and downsize to a smaller unit. I cut my rate in half; however, within 6 month after that, there was another "hike" in my rate by $10 per month that began a couple months ago. Of course, I was livid. I had a space with Public Storage on 32nd St. and Shea for nearly 2 years with never an increase in my monthly rate. I know, I know I should have headed right back when I needed storage again. I have learned all storage facilities are not created even close to equal. It is certain that the "fee increases" are cited in their arduous and lengthy contract; however, that is not received, via email, until AFTER you secure the storage unit. Anyone that has moved and/or stored items knows it is a huge pain! So does this storage facility. You are notified about the "fee increase" a month out, which does not give the average person a lot of time to look for another storage, coordinate the move, and just get their head around the whole moving experience so soon after moving their items in! It is my opinion that this organization knows this psychological dynamic and uses that knowledge to have rolling "fee increases," with short notice (to get at least one increase), that of course increases their revenue, while the customer gets no increased services or benefits.I am going to get my head around the move, and hopefully find a storage  (I'll check with Public Storage again) that has a guaranteed rate for at least a year. Last, but certainly not least, it is not YELP that this company cares about with regard to reviews, I was told the "head office" pays attention to reviews posted on Google+; wholly ignorant to the power of YELP.
5	Rented space here for a couple years. Clean and convenient central Phx location. Great staff. Would highly recommend.
5	Staff was awesome and very helpful. I was able to get in and out very fast and got an awesome deal on my 5X10 unit.
