2	This restaurant has growing pains..  The restaurant was clean and colorful.  The kitchen sits in the middle of the restaurant and the aromas are everywhere.. I ordered spring rolls as an appetizer.  They appeared on the bill but not on the table.I like my dinner spicy.. "Thai hot".. My phad  thai came with no spices and I should have sent it back.. I've eaten in many Thai restaurants and don't hesitate to ask for the spice rack to give my dinner more kick.. Every spice rack has always included thai peppers in fish sauce but for some reason this was missing..  The scallions in the phad  thai were almost non-existent too.  My dining companion ordered curry that was overly sweet and scant on the meat.  I may go back but not really anytime soon..
4	I found this place while hungry ad driving down Cave creek road. I ordered the Pad Thai for lunch.... Fantastic!
5	We 'accidentially' landed in Two Sisters Thai Food for lunch. What an awesome find!!!  Their lunch special consists of a curry, a noodle or rice dish and a vegetarian dish. Each come with soup, an egg or spring roll. The waiter asked these two white girls how hot and we both took a 5!!!  He assured us it wasn't too spicy and he was right!!  We both had the yellow chicken curry and it was the most flavorable curry I've ever had. Grateful it's just down the street, we plan to make this at least a weekly lunch stop if not more. They've only been open a little more than a month, I'd say the prior reviews were just experiencing some growing pains.  Give it another try, it's well worth it.
5	We have eaten in and taken out several times.  The owners are very friendly.  While we were waiting for take out one night, they gave our daughter an appetizer to curb her hunger.  It was so good, we had to take some to go!  Each time we have been there, the food has been excellent.  Last night's Tom Ka Gai was delicious!
5	The most authentic Thai food ever!!  You must try this place out!! The barbecue chicken at this place was absolutely phenomenal I highly recommend it and get the sweet Thai chili sauce it's absolutely amazing!!
5	We have been meaning to stop by and try out this new restaurant and finally did tonight. I will admit we were a little concerned when we saw no one else was there but so glad we decided to eat here. I love Thai food and this met all my expectations and then some. The sisters are so kind. The boys even liked it. I hope more people come in here. They deserve the success :D
5	Was driving pass, saw this thai restaurant. And its happen to be dinner time. The place was nice and neat. We ordered green curry and pad won sen. Though im not a spicy food guy. But the green curry was great. If you want it more spicy, let the chef know when ordering. It's simply great food !!!
5	we had a wonderful first experience at 2 Sisters Thai Food. My hubby and I went last night 12/2/13 and totally enjoyed dinner. The Thai Tea was awesome! The meal was fantastic. The place is clean. We met the manager and had a great experience. The Spring Rolls were the best I've had. I ordered the Ginger Chicken and it was wonderful. Portions are a good size, and pricing was fairly decent $8.99 for the plate. We will be returning and possibly bring more family members with us. They also have filtered water, so a lemon is not needed to make the water drinkable. They have a lunch special of $6.99, dine in or to go.
1	My Massaman Curry tasted like peanut paste, I couldn't tell if there was any coconut milk in it at all. It was just poor quality in my opinion.
5	Great food and great service!  Came here last weekend on a Sunday night and didn't realize they were closing for the evening.  The owner opened the door and said to please come in with such sincerity.   We ended up deciding to stay and are so glad we did! Got their egg rolls, Thai tea, massaman curry and fried rice.  It was all delicious!   Going back tonight :)
5	Short Version: Awesome service. Great Thai Food. Get the Massaman Curry and the Spring Rolls. Also, get a Thai Tea.Long Version: I came here with my wife, sister, brother-in-law and nephew not knowing that they were closing up. At that moment the owner came out and insisted that we come in. After some back and forth we decided to take them up on their offer. This says a lot to me about their service. So often you run into situations where you feel rushed by the wait staff so this was a nice change. We felt guilty but they kept insisting that they were going to be around for another hour anyways.The restaurant does in fact have two sisters running it in the kitchen. They do a great job because we thoroughly enjoyed our Massaman Curry, Thai Fried Rice and Egg Rolls. All of it was delicious. We are pretty avid Thai Food eaters and we've yet to find a solid one by our place in Cave Creek/Moon Valley Area. We're glad to report that we have found that place. For a long time we were stuck with Pete's Thai which was awesome the first time we had it, but after 3 or 4 more times of ordering the same thing but getting completely different results, we've since given up.Two Sisters does the 1 to 10 spice level like many Thai Restaurants do and they seem to have it down pretty well. As in 5 is medium and 7-10 are pretty spicy. I like mine around 6 or 7. If you're unsure, they'll happily give you some extra peppers so you can spice it up further to your discretion.We've been back 2 more times so far and still love it! I hope the neighborhood supports them!
4	I'm a huge fan of this place!  The food is great: fresh, full of flavor, and genuine Thai.  The service is also good....  Just need better lighting in the restaurant.  The florescent lighting is a bit of a mood killer.
5	Great Thai food and the black tea is incredible!!! If you are thinking of coming here do yourself a favor and make it happen.
5	I was in town for some work and ran across this restaurant. I was just killing some time and didn't want to spend too much, so I just went with the lunch special - Tom Kha Gai soup, spring roll and vegetable stir fry. It was delicious. I wish I lived here and could visit more often! Fresh ingredients, great service and that soup. I would eat that soup as a meal by itself. Definitely worth a try.
5	Yum....the people so nice and spotlessly clean.  I had the thai chicken noodle soup and it was fabulous.  Huge portion loaded with stuff. My sister had the green curry and loved it.
5	Someone recommended we stop by and try Two Sister's Thai food.   We stopped in and had a wonderful dining experience.The Thai food itself was the best I have ever had.The Pad Thai and Drunken noodles were fantastic.The Masuman curry was truly amazing.  Apparently everything is made from scratch.   The service was warm, friendly and efficient.We will be back often.
4	With our favorite Pete's Thai restaurant taken over by new owners, we were thrilled to find a terrific replacement nearby. Two Thai Sisters might lack in homey decor but they hit all the high notes in the kitchen. We found their Laotian curry to be as authentic as the amok we had in Luang Prabang a couple of weeks ago. Better yet is their massaman curry with chicken, the stir- fried seafood and their excellent pad thai with vegetables. Spicing is based on 1-5 level of heat. Go for the gusto and add a notch to your decision. Four was spicy but not fiery.The massaman curry sauce was rich, sweet and flavorful without overpowering the tender chicken. The stir-fried seafood was a full portion of fish pieces, shrimp, fishballs and squid - not at all greasy or oily. The pad thai was perfect - lots of noodles and lots of vegetables that still had a bit of crunch to them. Chopped peanuts for the topping were served separately.Portions were generous and came with steamed rice. We were two hungry adults and after our dinner, there was more than enough left for one large lunch tomorrow! I hope that the Two Thai Sisters are doing a great take-out business because the premises are very large and does not seem very crowded. Hopefully this will change as word gets out. Excellent food, freshly prepared and reasonable prices.
5	I'm ready to write about this fantastic place.  I've eaten here about 4-5 times now and every time, I like it more.  My new favorite dish is the pad see ew with shrimp.  I am a wuss so I always order it at a 1 spice level.  The first time we came, they were about to close, unbeknownst to us, but they insisted that we come in to eat.  That, within itself was rare and extremely kind of them to do so.  That won us over.  Their Thai iced tea is delicious, their eggrolls are crunchy and tasty.  The server/manager is friendly and prompt.  My husband and brother chat with him every time we are there and we learn something new with each visit.  We have definitely chosen this place over Pete's Thai (down the street) by a landslide.  So happy that it's here and we hope that it stays!  Support your local restaurants!
4	Do yourself a favor and give this place a try.  They could be more hospitable to say the least number 1; the selection of food for their lunch menu was several choices unlike the competition of various other Thai Restaurants.  Having had the opportunity to explore Thai cuisine in other parts of the country, this is as close to the real deal as it comes.  I wish I had stopped by their place earlier but thank goodness it will be a regular.  Congratulations on your restaurant!
5	Great Thai food and the black tea is incredible!!! If you are thinking of coming here do yourself a favor and make it happen. Seafood soup is really great
4	Massaman curry, Pad Thai, BBQ Chicken and Thai iced tea are all favorites and all were delicious.  We went about 7:30 in the evening and there were few other diners.  The food was prepared in the nearby kitchen and brought to the table piping hot and ready to go.  I generally skip dessert, but the waiter mentioned that mangos were in season and that Mango Sticky Rice was available.  It was the perfect finish to a wonderful meal.  There was plenty left over, so will have a wonderful lunch today!  Highly recommended gem of a Thai restaurant.
5	Authentic Thailand in your bowl. This is not only the best and most authentic Thai food I've discovered here in the Valley, but it is very affordable, the quantities are great and the two sisters who own and operate this restaurant (thus the name) are exceedingly nice, helpful and friendly. I come here every two weeks when I'm across the street getting my scooter serviced. So happy I discovered it. It is one of the few places where you can truly get extra Thai hot, if desired. I love the vegetable tom yum. You have to check this place out if you're in the area.
4	I was in the area and saw on the Yelp app that Two Sisters' Thai Food was near by. So I stopped in to check them out, I always get Pad Thai as my measure of what a Thai restaurant can do. My Pad Thai was good and came with chicken and shrimp; it was on point as far a flavor was concerned the noodles could have been a bit more al dente for my taste but rice noodles can be tricky. My husband ordered the Basil rice and it was perfect great flavor and nice pieces of sliced chicken.This time we ordered to go but next time I will order for dining area since it had a nice vibe to it. While waiting on my order I noticed that they offer a nice weekly rotating lunch special that offers 3 different Entrees each day of the week; including an Egg roll or Spring roll and a small bowl of the soup of the day for $7.99 10:30-2:30.
5	I've tried them all.....ALL of them.  Two Sisters is the absolute best from appetizer to soup to entree to dessert.  It is the cleanest in this city including Thai, Chinese, and Vietnamese spots.  They do the cooking where you can watch what is happening!  I love this little place.
3	Bummer Update: had to change this from 5 stars to 3 stars unfortunately. I'm totally bummed because I wanted this place to be my new "go to" in Moon Valley. I have been here probably 10 times now and the first 3-5 times were excellent but something changed and the next 4-5 times were progressively worse. Each time I kept saying, "maybe it was just an off night."I've been getting the Pad See Ew after tasting my sister's but each time I've gotten it has been really dry. My wife has been getting the Massaman Curry and this latest pick up order was completely watery. Our last visit before this one we brought some friends and it was a disappointment then too unfortunately. They ran out of the correct noodles for the Pad See Ew for our friend so they used completely different noodles and didn't make mention of it until we said something. At which point they admitted to running out of the original one but didn't offer anything beyond that. My only thoughts are that maybe one sister is a better cook than the other or that because they cook everything to order, they're not consistent. Regardless neither option really works for us. We may give it one more shot before giving up but based on the last few experiences we're about to call it a bummer loss for us. At the very least, the service is still nice though (except for maybe the time they gave our friend the wrong noodles).
4	Great Thai iced tea.  Had the beef noodle soup; pretty good and lots of food. The papaya salad, Esan style, was my favorite. Truly the most authentic papaya salad in a restaurant I've had since my trip to Thailand.  Very high quality fish sauce and flavor.
5	LOVE LOVE the yellow curry! Delicious spring rolls as well. My husband ordered the masmasa curry and really liked it. Service is fast and friendly.  We will be regulars.
5	I feel like I never had Thai Food until I dined at Two Sisters Thai Food it was THAT life changing.I tried the Esan Gang Gai, it was a clear curry made with Lao Basil, a green vegetable possibly called Pat Krana and seasoned with fresh Dill. The Aroma from this dish was intoxicating. I tried to ask my server about the ingredients in this dish but she wasn't about to translate any of them. She did say the green vegetable in my dish is believed to be a most healthy vegetable. The vegetable was sort of like spinach but with very thin almost like celery stems.My husband had the Pad Kee Mow and it also was unlike any Thai Dish we had anywhere else. Not sweet, not saucy, just very flavorful.This place isn't the fanciest with a kitchen in the middle of the dining room but is neat and was clean with a few Maricopa grade "A" inspections posted by the door.On the restaurant's website they state they prepare 4 styles of Thai Food. North Eastern or Esan Thai, Central Thai, Thai/Chinese and Thai/American. If your used to Americanized Thai this might not be your destination but if you want something that seems like you took a trip to Thailand this is it!
3	Stopped in to order dinner to go on a Saturday at 630 and I was surprised to see I was the only one there. I had the fresh rolls and egg fried rice with chicken. The fresh rolls were fairly similar to Vietnamese spring rolls and were really delicious. They had avocado in them which was a nice addition. The rice was so good!! I had two small plates tonight and still have plenty for dinner tomorrow.
5	Simply put. Great Thai food!  I've been to Thailand a couple of times and found the food to be spot on with what I ate while over there. My new goto place for Thai.
5	Love this place.  Best Thai food that I have ever eaten.  Great lunch specials and pleasant staff.
5	Very delicious Food, friendly staff, and quick takeout! Tom kha gai soup and cashew shrimp were enough for 2 people! Don't forget to order a Thai tea! Yum!
5	After watching Multi Awarding Winning Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown in Northern Thailand I got the Impression that most Thai Food we eat is Americanized. I recall him saying on the show something like, "Your not going to see your Pad Thai or Green Curry here!"Last time I was here  I had the Thai-Lao Chicken Curry uniquely flavored with Lao Basil and Dill. I remember the waitress told me that this was a dish that they DO EAT in Thailand. This place isn't average.This time we started with an egg roll. It was different and stuffed with a lot of fresh grated carrot and a little chicken. The dipping sauce was sweet and also spicy.I had the Esan Style Red Curry with Chicken. Esan Style is made without Coconut Milk. I thought it was delicious. I haven't noticed this dish offered at other Thai Restaurants in the area. They offer different styles of Thai here including Americanized.The Take Out Menu has descriptions of the food and easier to order from than the menu you get seated with.They offer brown rice but it's a half hour wait.They have a Spectra water system that makes all their water like spring water and they say their food taste better and is healthier because of it.The restaurant has Grade "A" Maricopa Health Inspections posted.The Food make you feel like taking a trip to Thailand!
4	Great chicken saute. Food was pretty good . Place didn't look fancy but not bad. Would come back. Have 4 star cuz it's not the best Thai food I've had.
4	My partner has to have gluten free foods and my two sister's has plenty of choices. We tried the BBQ beef , the ginger chicken and the lard na. All three were very good. The place was clean and the service good. Prices range from $8.99 to $12.99I" ll be back soon,
4	Very good!!!!!   Yellow curry, steamed veggies, and veggie fried rice = all tasty. I will definitely be back!
5	I love this place! The food is consistently outstanding,  inexpensive, and fresh. And the women who run this place are so damn cute. Don't miss it!
5	Excellent Thai food. The pad see ew and the soups are my favorite. Also, probably the best egg roll I've ever had.
5	Two Sisters is so close to home I could walk there. I drive by it twice a day and have wanted to give it a try for a while. Last night I finally did. The prices are right in line with other nearby Thai places and the food is as good or better.I agree with most reviewers - the egg roll is amazing. I was dunking it in the sweet and sour and scorching the inside of my mouth (and I swear I saw smoke) and didn't stop until it was gone - and I have a doctorate.Also ordered the basil fried rice and pad see ew, both with chicken at a level 3. They were hot in a different way, a supremely delicious way. I called in our order just after 8 and it was ready in a flash. I highly recommend Two Sisters. Apparently they also aced the health inspection. We'll be back soon. Who knows, we may even walk next time.
2	Visited on a Friday night and it was completely empty when we arrived at 7 PM.   Food was about average thai - we ordered a fresh roll, thai basil rice, egg fried rice, bbq chicken and sweet and sour chicken.  The peanut sauce for the fresh role was impressive while everything else was pretty average.  I'd like to have seen more than onions and tomatoes in the fried rices.   Good prices though.   The waiter left a little something to be desired as he was not overly friendly.  The layout of the restaurant is odd and feels incomplete as if they never finished the remodel.  Decent for a quick bite but probably won't do again for a restaurant feel.
5	The food here is delicious mmmm and the service was excellent. Def recommend if you're in the mood for something yummy for your tummy!!
5	Sooooo good. Best Curry chicken that I have had.  We had the lunch special and everything about it was superb...the price, the soup, the amount.  Can't wait to go back for lunch.  Even the coffee was yummy.
5	The beef was actually cut steak!!! Awesome surprise. Normally you go to a place and they have that pre cut meat that is pretty generic but this place had fresh everything. Definitely a good experience. I came over to the restaurant from a recommendation of another local shop near here... If I am ever around I will definitely come back
5	This is as good as Thai gets.  We ordered soup, a curry stew, pad tai, and a fresh vegetable appetizer.  I personally wished I could jump into the soup, swim around, and drink until I exploded.  It was that good.  If ONLY we could have expanding stomachs for special occasions. Thai tea was perfect and the food was beyond delicious. For a fun day, shop at the Humane Society thrift store, then stop for lunch just a 1/2 block down at Two Sisters' Thai Food.  I will be back often.
4	Went with the family and wasn't disappointed. Food was delicious, especially the curries and noodle dishes. Only complaint was that the beef needed to be sliced thinner and not overcooked. Seasoning was complex and not too hot. Was quite surprised to find out that the Two Sisters are both out of town at the present and the cooking was being done by one of the servers. She did a great job with the owners' recipes, and I can't wait to go back when the Sisters are back in the kitchen.Server was very pleasant and helpful. Ambiance is simple and clean but, in my opinion, they should lose the Thai dancer video going in the background.Definitely worth checking out.
5	My wife each had their Panang Curry for lunch today.  She went with the mild spice and I selected their moderate spice #3.  The taste of the meal was great and the spice was awesome.  We also had one of their soups and it was awesome.  The spring roll was very tasty.
3	Thom Kha was good but I asked for medium spicy and it was not spicy at all.The decor is strange. Old and drab. I asked for two egg rolls and she gave me an order.It was NOT cheap for what I got. A soup, a chicken curry and an order of egg rolls for 28 dollars.Haven't tried the curry or egg rolls yet but I know I would never sit in there and eat. Old carpet, cheap tables, smelled like fragrance soap.
4	Went there today for the first time I thought the food was very very good. Had the greatest flavor to it. I had some kind of noodle dish can't remember the name of it and eggrolls both were delicious I would've given it another star except the service was so very slow.  person I was with went there also for the first time. He raved about it and wants to go back. So if they could only work on speeding up their service they'd be all set. That wouldn't stop me from going back though
5	This place is amazing. The best thai food in Arizona! Everything is made to order and very fresh. The owner is the sweetest woman and always comes to say hi before cooking the food. I always get the fresh rolls and the stir fry with chicken and brown rice. It's healthy and absolutely delicious. The portions are also very large. I always share a dish with my mom. Highly recommend!! I also love that the water is filtered.
3	Had take out for the first time here.  Good pad thai, excellent satay, good soup.  I will be back.
4	This restaurant in a quiet commercial section of eastern Moon Valley is one of my preferred Asian eateries. The staff makes you feel like you are a guest dining at their home, and you know from the flavors of the food that they use high quality ingredients and prepare the dishes with care. The place is larger and more spacious than it would seem from outside; interior is clean, plain and very basic - which is the case for a lot of establishments where it's all about the food - and wifi is available.
