3	I stayed here recently the location rocks but the hotel wall are superthin and everytime a door opened it sounded like my room...  The hotel is a good bargain for it's location as it's basically right downtown..  Has a nice little garage too that u can fit ur car into..  I got this place on for 50 bucks a night on hotwire.com so i can't complain too much...  But next time i come i think i will be a baller and stay at the Omni on sherbrooke...!
1	I am all for value and a discount room but please don't make false claims.  This place proudly displays four starson a placard just outside the front door.  This must be from a bygone ere because I am pretty sure to rate four stars you must have a bell hop and concierge, tow things that were lacking. Also lacking is a seperate staff elevator for the maids, so good luck getting around during check out hours.  The staff gave a poor performance. EXAMPLE = They did not have a concierge but the front desk person told me she could handle reservations, when I called to check on them I was told that the resturant was not open during her entire shift - I cant accuse her of lieing but when I checked with the resturant they assured me they are open from the morning until 3am. Never have I run into this type of customer service, worse yet is the place dosnet seem like it is structured to offer much in the way of redress.  I will simply vote with my pocket book and avoid staying here even if it is a little cheaper.  The upside however is the area.  You are a few blocks away from the Guy-Concordia metro stop which is good for accessing most points in Montreal.  There are some great eats near by, as welll and Al-Taib pizza if you are really slumming it!
3	I got this hotel through priceline's name your own price - so the price was good.  i wouldn't say this is a full 3 star hotel as it's rated on priceline, but given the fact it's just a place to sleep in, it's no big deal.I was lucky to get a nice room in a quiet corner.  The housekeeping didn't do a great job but effective.  The front desk staff was helpful and the location of the hotel is very convenient.  There is a nice sized pool but the gym is tiny...My only complaint was the cab driver they called for me on the way to the airport was a scam trying to overcharge me for using a credit card.
1	This is absolutely not a 4 star hotel like they pretend it is on all the travel sites. Believe me. It's 2 star if anything. The rooms are extremely small and not very clean. I stayed there for 4 nights and the bedding was NOT washed once. They are cheap with the towels (you have to ask the front desk for an extra towel for the pool for example because you only get 1 or 2 towels in general for your room...the whole time). The walls are paper thin, everything looks aged (and not in a quirky way, in an outdated sad way) and the staff seems aggravated constantly. The only good thing about the hotel was the pool but even then that's not saying much at all.I do not recommend this place at all. It's nice to save a buck on travel accommodations but Montreal has many other hotels that are far better than this one.
3	the maritime is a decent hotel in a great location.  one block from the main drag of rue st. catherine, a few blocks from the bars and restaurants on crescent, two blocks from the metro, and walking distance or a short cab ride to just about everything else in montreal.some areas of the hotel have clearly seen better days, but how much time are you spending in your hotel?  go out and enjoy the city, man ...  damn.p.s. - the vending machine in the lobby offers snacks, tylenol, toothbrushes and condoms.  and if you need all of those things you are having an awesome stay in montreal.
3	Hotel is very conveniently located in downtown, near many great places (Crescent St., St. Catherines, etc).Rooms were average, and in some cases a little dirty (bed comforter had some noticeable stains).  Overall the room was satisfactory.The restaurant, bar, pool and gift shop in the hotel were all very convenient and looked great, but my group never utilized them.The hotel staff were very courteous and helpful.  Called many cabs for us and answered questions.Overall, a very affordable option with average accommodations in a great location.  I would recommend for a fun trip with friends.  Not a great place if you're looking for an upscale experience.
4	Fantastic staff!!!  If you've read my other reviews, my reviews seem to be more about the people involved than the place... disclaimer?Seriously though- we showed up at 6pm after having made our reservations a few hours in advance on hotels.com, and from the moment we walked through the door it was a great experience.  We were put on the executive floor... um, yes!!! Nice spacious, clean, classy room with a huge, comfy bed!!! :)This hotel is in a wonderful location, as other reviewers mentioned.  Practically everything you'd need is nearby or easily accessible!  My friend wanted cigarettes late at night, and being this was our first time in Canada we didn't realize that vendors closed at 11... 11?? really?!  No wine, beer or cigarettes available for purchase after 11pm... not a huge deal if you wanna go out b/c bars are open & serving until 3 (which we definitely took advantage of... see other reviews).  The guy working the desk at 1am opened the hotel store to sell us a pack of cigarettes & give us some Canadian cash... how awesome is that?  So, we left the hotel at 1am and after straggling back in from an awesome bar (see review for Les Foufounes Electriques) we requested a later checkout... shocking, right?  We woke up the next day around 1, when our checkout was 1:30... oops.  No problem though!!  Without too much hustling we managed to get our butts out of the room by 2, with smiles from the staff. Mohammed- FANTASTIC!!!!  Exemplary service- polite, welcoming, helpful... everything you'd ever want.Bonus- even though our checkout was 1:30 (technically) we were able to keep our car parked until 6 (12hrs from when we arrived).Warning- they have a pool.  Children like pools.... you put it together.
3	I have a theory on this very hotel, that if it weren't for it's great location within the city of Montreal, that it would essentially be out of business. Sure, the value is great, especially if you book online - you'll find it hard to get a room for more than $100 per night, but you also get what you pay for... The building is run down, the rooms are average at best and the hotel lacks any kind of charm and atmosphere. Although it is advertised as a four star hotel, I find it hard to believe - three at most, two being ideal if you ask me.The walls are very thin, the beds not that comfortable and the rooms tiny, especially the bathrooms which seem to have been built according to airplane blueprints. But overall, since we only used the hotel for sleeping and showering purposes and for it's location, we had a pretty decent stay.
2	This could an average hotel with at few tweaks. It looks nice, the staff is very friendly and helpful, and they have some nice amenities, such as free wi-fi, a pool, and a workout facility. Mind you, I did not see the pool or gym, so I can't say much about them.Now, here are my gripes. The beds were very uncomfortable. The interior lock was broken. The shower is so powerful it could stop a riot. And, the AC is weak. Also, one day someone left a tray from their finished meal outside our door. It was there in the morning and when the evening rolled around, I had to call the front desk to have it taken away.
3	Not the best place I've ever stayed, but not the worst.We roll in and the first thing we notice is a sign saying that the entertainment this week in the lounge is Michael Bolton. I proceed to lose my mind a little, then see that they're basically showing his concert on a big screen from 7-9pm or something. Major let down.The room was clean, other than a balled up children' sock that was hiding behind the curtain in the corner of the window. Some details on the room:- Air conditioning worked great. Windows don't seem to open.- No fridge, instead only ice at the third and fifth floors- Amazing water pressure in the shower- Beds are pretty comfy- TV is a fuzzy CRT (not that we watched it much)About the hotel:- The indoor pool is supposed to be saltwater, but smelled a lot like chlorine. It's a decent size and we had fun splashing around for a bit. - Front desk service was fine. Nothing spectacular.- Parking is roughly $10/day in the underground lot.- Free wifi, but the signal took a while to really take. My friend couldn't check emails and location services didn't work on my ipod for the first hour or so.All in all, the place was nothing special, but the price was right considering it's situated a block away from shopping and touristy bars.
1	We booked this hotel based on Orbitz 4 star rating...and the great price and in turn learned all 4 stars are not created equal. The staff was nice and friendly and that's where the "good" ends.  The room was small and dated, the elevators extremely slow...and they do not have a  bellhop.  All this said we had planned on making the best of it and sticking it out, but at 4am after getting next to no sleep (the bed is the worst I've sleep on...camping is better) I called Orbitz and switched to a real 4 star hotel.  Best decision!
2	Hard beds! I did not like the bed, while my husband thought it was fine. If you like a very firm mattress, you will be fine. If not, I don't recommend. Everything else about the stay was good. Breakfast was included in the price and it was a buffet with fresh fruit, pastries, hot items and cold cereals. If not for the hard mattress, I would have rated it 3 stars.It was close enough to walk to Guy-Concordia Metro Station which being close to the metro was a requirement for my husband and I. We used the metro to travel around each day with an unlimited ride pass. We only used the car to stop by a few places as we were leaving the city. The service of the staff was fine, but FYI, the included parking in our rate was in a lot across the street. If I remember correctly, we could have paid more for garage parking.
1	Horrible staff, night manager is very rude. Beds are hard, bathrooms are dirty and tub gets clogged all the time. Otherwise, location is great. Not staying here ever again.
3	When it comes to Montreal, one could certainly do a lot worse than the Hotel Maritime Plaza. Sure, it was a bit run down and antiquated, but the price almost always justified it. Somewhere between $80-110USD range was the price I'd pay to stay here, but I won't be staying here anymore since it's now officially closed for good.It wasn't always about the price, the location was certainly a plus as well. Near handful of decent shopping spots, restaurants, and a stone's throw away from Crescent where there was plenty of nightlife. I certainly spent less time in the hotel, which is always a good thing.I certainly won't miss the hard bed, the closet sized gym or what they called a "business center" and that slow draining water drove me crazy one stay. It's hard to believe that this was considered a 4 star establishment, especially when even the complimentary breakfast was just slim pickins food wise. The other reason I would tolerate a stay or two here was because of the service. Though they couldn't make up for their in house inadequacies, they were always willing to help switch out rooms, adjust reservations, and assist guests in the name of keeping us satisfied. I was even swapped out a TV for another, when my picture was blurry and the remote wasn't working.But unlike televisions, there is no coming back for the HMP. May other hotels learn from its passing.
