5	The Waterfront couldn't really be described as a mall, but maybe a classy strip mall. It includes Olive and Ivy, P F Changs, Pink Taco, Borders, Urban Outfitters, Sauce, and much more. I like it for the Sauce, Borders, and Urban to be honest. Just steps a way from Fashion Square I usually only go as part of my fashion square experience. Above Scottsdale Waterfront are the Waterfront Condos which I haven't yet toured, but I'm sure they a pure luxury. I'm not sure what the new craze is with living above malls..Kierland and here, but people are loving it!The Waterfront is too small to make a trip for,but it's fun to check out if you are in the area. Also this may be the location of the long awaited Sprinkles Cupcakes! Yes!
2	I like Sur La Table, I am sure the restaurants are good, but I will not be visiting there anytime soon....Why?CUZ IT STINKS!  (or STAAANKS if you are a Chappelle fan)seriously, I went there in the evening and it smelled like a port-o-john.  I may revisit this review once they 'fix' the smell problem.
1	Um yeah, I don't care how tall the condos are, or how many chain restaurants/stores they put here, it smells.  I was here on 9/16 and I couldn't believe the sewage smell was still there after all this time.  Get it together, Scottsdale.
1	Jeez. A water front? Now I know peeps from Arizona LOVE to come and soak up the sun and play here in San Diego... But, PHLEEEEEEEEEEZE. Scottsdale! Shame on you. This is more like a canal (ala LA River basin) that stinks. Looks like redevelopment has a huge hand here in this area, but the name, WATERfront... I can only imagine that hotels will start to advertise beachfront rooms...
3	Did you know my home state of Minnesota has more miles of shoreline, due to the over 15,000 lakes, than any other state? Including coastal states. And did you know that Arizona has more boat owners per ca pita than any other state? Red or blue. So obviously we like our water. Naturally Scottsdale and their developers ponied up some dough to revitalize the waterfront. The stinky, stinky waterfront. Ahhh...yes, nothing like the stench of sulfur and sewage as you stroll the shops and eateries with family from out of town. But I have to give them props for linking Fashion Square to Oldtown. Brilliant. We were thre recently and, having never tried Olive and Ivy yet, wow, what a spread they have. Huge doors opening to the patio, overlooking the, er, um, water, river..., well it's a canal. A concrete canal with brown water. For now. Today. Three stars. But I'm an optimist who knows that more landscaping and better architecture are in the near future. Now if only they could install a giant Glade plug in somewhere. Or maybe we can hold a yelp event there with the Febreze people.
1	Come on now, let's call a turd a turd on this one.. Waterfront is a stretch, its a canal, a stinking fucking canal.. leave it to the Scottsdale developers and planners to put a Scottsdalian slant on the turd.. kudo's to them! However, with its chain stores and restaurants on one side and pretty lame so far on the other (Southbridge) this has become quite a giant and over priced turd. Those skinny Scottsdale bitches that hang out at Pink Taco, words of advice.. Fucking eat something!
2	while i have to agree with those of you who said this place stank before, i was there tonight and either the smell is gone or my nose was plugged up without my knowledge. i was there for scottsdale fashion week and the place was taken over by some fashion knock off's (at fashion week? come on, gimme a break!), lots of blinged out "Ed" style clothes & accessories and stuff that had nothing to do with fashion (realtors association? organic meat distributors?) i guess that kinda gives you the idea of just who this area is trying to attract...
2	The developers have done a great job at marketing this place.  Only in Scottsdale can you dig up a ditch and call it "waterfront". I am debating whether to give it a three star, because I don't want to be a hater, but this is not what I think of waterfront.  I do have a waterfront condo in FL, now that is waterfront.
3	I had high hopes for the Waterfront when it opened.  It's OK but with the Estate House, Metro and Borders closed, it's struggling right now.
4	The waterfront area is coming along as it matures. Several shops/restaurants have closed - only to be replaced with better ones that are now thriving. I think this will be THE SPOT in old town within a few years. I like Culinary Dropout, The Herb Box, and Metro Brasserie. There are also dozens of other local restaurants, bars, gallery's, and independent shops too.
2	I literally walked in a giant circle looking for this supposed "waterfront" and when I finally discovered it, I just had to stop and laugh. It has potential to be a neat place to hang out, but they gotta do some more development. At least it's close to other stuff!
1	Only good as a laugh to show out of towners,  Come on!  It's just a canal and some irrelevant shopping,  probably the brilliant idea of a wealthy idiot with a coke habbit.   Nothing else can explain something that cost as much to implement to be so incredibly stupid and pathetic.
4	We run this baby ... ;-) this is where I run... to center myself.. to get my self 'back' . Some people go to the gym.. and no joke.. I do too..BUT trust me.. IF I have a choice, I would rather be outside with nature..and in PHX this is close to my home and the best I can do. It's rather safe, as I like to run at night. It's pretty lighted and friendly, in terms of other walkers and runners and what nots. No excuses.. get out.. get it done.
3	Ok, everyone has pointed out that this is a canal, but it's still a nice waterway and does not stink at all. I think only two places have "water" views, but it's better than staring at another table of people or parked cars when your dining al fresco. There is some exploring to do also just past where the water starts. Oh yes and people do jog along that canal and these are Scottsdale women, so the sites ain't so bad either especially on a 70 degree winter afternoon.
3	Once in a blue moon I take a weekend day off from work and head over to Scottsdale Waterfront to The Herb Box to treat myself to breakfast.  It being the weekend, there usually are local (and not-so-local) vendors that set up booths of leather belts, desert flora, crystal wind chimes and sun catchers, clothing with positive messages printed all over them, local honey, and even a sweet treat, or two.  (I've seen Hawai'ian pastries there once, or twice, and the last time featured flavored Italian ice treats!)  Sometimes, when valley weather is nice, the canal may even feature installations that catch your eyes, and sometimes makes you want to stop and take photos.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-waterfront-scottsdale?select=oJy7XIbKeVnqkgHvphFGgA#oJy7XIbKeVnqkgHvphFGgAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-waterfront-scottsdale?select=oUoS90m-Iexv16TFTeD7bA#oUoS90m-Iexv16TFTeD7bAI've read a few reviews that comment on the stagnant-water/sulphuric acid scent (which is what I've always associated with the word "canal" and is the reason why I never visited the ill-fated restaurant of the same moniker that closed its doors years ago) that sometimes wafts over, but I usually only detect that scent when I've crossed over to the other side of the road from Olive & Ivy.  I guess I've been lucky enough not to detect the foul fumes near my beloved Herb Box.  :)
2	The name is a bit misleading.  Technically, there's water and this area is located adjacent to it.  However, it doesn't deliver on the goods for people, like me, who are accustomed to a different setting when they see/hear "waterfront" in a name.Despite the misleading moniker, this area is still pretty cool at times.  There's a ton of special event.....festivals, outdoor shopping tents, and random celebrations.  I like how they're trying to do something different.  Sometimes I think Scottsdale gets stuck in it's "old ways" and at least this area will try something out of the ordinary and make it interesting.If I were single, I'd live in one of the condos nearby and have great walking access to all of Old Town.  If it wasn't for the name, I'd give it 3 Stars.  The name alone is worth a 1 Star loss because it can't deliver on that promise when the "waterfront" is a canal that an old lady can throw a baseball across the width of it.Return Factor - 50%
3	My brother and his wife were in town and after having dinner at Culinary Dropout we wandered about the complex.  We did not notice any foul odors and had a pleasant walk off of our dinners.
