5	I was wondering what to do about a ring that had lost 2 diamonds and with the economy the way it is, I knew I had to be careful on how to spend my money. I missed wearing my ring but didn't want to stop eating or have heat to get it repaired. I went to a competitor and they gave me a quote. Thinking that because of Perry's location, it would probably be high priced to repair. So, I got my bid from their competitor and since I was going near Perry's I decided to drop in anyway and get a bid on the repairs. Was I ever surprised and delighted. The bid to do the same things to my ring, reset a lost diamond and replace the lost diamond, I was thrilled that their price was so much better than their competitor. What a thrill to be able to afford to get it repaired and at a jeweler who I will now take all of my business to and someone I will highly recommend to friends and other Yelpers. They have now moved their location across from Southpark Mall so it was fortunate that I knew of their move. The new location is much better than in the mall and there was no wait. The young lady, I think it was Elisa, who helped me was so nice and personable. What a great experience. I HIGHLY recommend anyone use Perry's. They are a class act!
5	Impressive New Location! !! !!!  Perry's has moved across the street from the Mall to the big "GOLD" (Dixon, Hughes, Goodman) Building at 6525 Morrison Blvd. and what a Fantastic move!  This new location is so Gorgeous, as a friend said " Totally Gorgeous"! !!  Everything looks great, everything is displayed very beautifully with tall all glass cases for the silver and handsome jewelry displays organized by type of gem and precious metals!   Great Service too!
5	Great place to sell jewelry! I was given $100 more than other quotes on the same jewelry I was selling. The staff were polite and helpful.  I went on a Saturday afternoon and there wasn't a wait. I was in and out in under 20 minutes. If you have jewelry to sell, I would highly recommend Perry's!
5	I can't say enough about Perry's ---from the moment you walk in the door, you are treated royally . Perry's is regarded as one of the finer places in Charlotte to purchase , sell or have appraisals done on your treasured family heirlooms. I will go nowhere else. The staff is wonderful and always make you feel comfortable. I especially like to have Jennifer MacLeod do my appraisals as she is so knowledgable and you can tell she truly enjoys her work. I always come away with learning something new from her every time I am there.
5	Perry's is my favorite place to shop for unique jewelry. They also have beautifulSterling silver vanities and serving pieces. Jo is my favorite person to work with.She is so knowledgable about different stones and always is very helpful andUpbeat. I have also sold some old gold chains etc. To them at a good price.I love to spend time just browsing, but usually find something very special toTake home and enjoy! I highly recommend Perry's at Southpark!
1	I took a diamond ring with 18 diamonds to Perrys and talked with Holly.  The ring was purchased for $2,500 and she said diamonds weren't worth anything any longer and offered to purchased the ring for $89.00 - yes . . . $89.00.  This place is a rip off and if diamonds aren't worth anything any longer, why are their diamonds VERY expensive.  Holly really had an attitude and wasn't very pleasant to talk to either.  I am at a loss at all the good reviews.  This place is terrible!!!
5	My husband and I were moving from a large home to a condo and needed to downsize our "stuff."  I had an assortment of silverplate / sterling silver flatware I had acquired over the years and intended to identify and sell at some point.  As can be the case, that "point" never came!  A neighbor suggested I visit Perry's as she indicated they purchase silverplate flatware.  I visited their office, signed the guestbook and was shown to Mike's private office within minutes of my arrival.  Mike explained that they purchase silverplate by the pound and silver by the ounce.  He carefully examined each piece (there were a bunch), gave me the total and I walked out with a nice check within 15 minutes...what a great experience!Follow-up note: yesterday I received a nice letter from Mike with an accompanying check (for over 1/2 my original amount) explaining that upon further examination he found three pieces that were counted as silverplate that were actually sterling.... a great surprise!  They could've taken that discovery without making me aware (and compensating me for such), but are obviously much too honest to do so.Perry's is a wonderful company and I encourage everyone in Charlotte, NC (and surrounding areas) to take advantage of their extraordinary customer service & honesty!!!
5	I have had jewelry repaired here, sold jewelry here, and purchased here. I shopped around many jewelry stores and Perry's definitely gave me the best price for my old gold by hundreds of dollars. Most recently I had a ring that I've had for 22 years repaired here when the flimsy band broke. Perry's offered me a different variety of options to repair it. They gave me an inexpensive option (to Sauter it) and also the option to have the ring re-banded. I chose to re-band and It was worth every penny!! Honestly, it still wasn't that expensive. In Every experience I've had here, I have been met with a knowledgeable and very courteous staff and have been satisfied with the work. Their selection of estate jewelry is phenomenal. You should not buy, sell, Or have any piece of jewelry repaired anywhere but here.
1	If you are looking to sell, go elsewhere!  I was selling a diamond bracelet and Perry's offered $250.00.  Knowing that this price was not enough to get me to sell, I took the bracelet to another jeweler off Park Road.  The jeweler off Park Road offered over $660.00!  So do your research before selling!
1	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE! My then boyfriend and I went into Perry's to find a beautiful vintage ring. What we found, instead, was incredibly rude customer service. Brian, the manager, barely managed to scoff at us before moving on to the next customer. Little did he know, we were looking to buy within the week and with a large budget to spend. Perhaps it was because we were young (22 at the time), but we were treated like anything BUT valued customers. We moved on and found a much better jeweler with better prices and kinder people. We absolutely will NOT be back and will be telling our friends and family to follow suit.
