5	4.5 stars would be ideal, but I'll give the 5 stars.I really love this place! Perhaps it's the $10 cut that's meticulously  carried out. Or that they remember me every time I go there, even after I've let my hair grow for a few months over the winter (to help keep warm). Or that I can usually get in the chair almost immediately. Ming's was my little secret that I reluctantly shared with friends to keep it my own.One can also get waxed here, and the one time I did this I actually had symmetrical eyebrows. Wow!The only think that detracts from the place is its location, or rather its business neighbors. It isn't a fancy salon, but I've not been disappointed by any service.
5	Bashir is the master of my hair. He never fails to make me feel confident about my hair cuts and gives me the warm and fuzzies when I emerge a new person.Ming Tam rocks my eyebrows like nothing I've ever experienced. Seriously, what she managed to sculpt out of my brows deserves a medal.I seriously love this place!
5	I love Ming!! She is the best at eyebrow waxing!! I drive all the way from East Phoenix because she is the only woman I trust with my brows. I have been going there for about 6 years and have never had an issue.
4	This is where my husband and I go for our salon needs. Ming does a great job on me (I get my hair dyed blonde and styled) while the male employee always makes my husband look so handsome when he gets his hair cut. I also get my eyebrows waxed once a month here. The prices and customer service are terrific. I've been going here for years and haven't needed to ever go anywhere else.
4	Super chill, no frills salon. Great prices and friendly service. The Asian clientele keeps me entertained and allows me to learn my Chinese and Vietnamese vocabulary as I eavesdrop. Wish this shop was closer to home. Really can't beat getting a wash, quality cut and style for $16 and my husband's wash/ cut/ style for $12 plus $8 for perfectly waxed eyebrows. I win! Sam did both our cuts and he was so thorough and focused. I was completely at ease under his shears. I love the final look. He put life back into my once upon a time, sad, one layer locks. Ming is sweet. She did my brows and took the liberty to put a little bit of her artistic flair (with permission) beyond the mundane shape I had. Check out Ming's if you're looking for stylists who take the time and know what they're doing, all while you sit comfy in a spin chair. Don't expect martinis, modern decor or designer brand products, you'll need to go somewhere else that charges more to see that. If you care, small fee applied to credit card payments ($0.75) or just pay cash.
3	I usually get my haircuts in cali, but since I'm gonna be here for a few more years I needed a local hair salon. The place was like one of those Vietnamese hair salons, nothing really fancy or upscale. The guy that gave me the haircut was more of an American barber asking if I knew how I wanted my haircut or had a picture of the style I wanted, no hair consultation or anything. paid $12 for haircut and rinse... gave $3 as tip. overall, this place is ok and cheap if you just want a trim, not for anyone that wants  styling or anything fancy
5	John was fantastic and knew exactly what to do with my hair and eyebrows. He was very detailed in shaping my brows and cutting my hair. I'm the type of person that tells the stylist to do what looks best and going to an Asian salon, it's obvious that they know what they're doing! $24 for a haircut and eyebrow wax? Can't beat that. Definitely will be returning.They have a bit of Asian mom personality where they tell you what will look best in you and some people may be turned off by that, but I appreciate it and find humor in it.
5	I think Bashir is one of the best barbers in town.  He's very professional. He shampoos your hair AFTER the haircut rather than before. What a concept??  Tammi Ming does a great job with eyebrows. She is the best.
