4	Very good thin crust or deep dish pizza, the veggie is awesome.  Their wings are hard to top as well.  Owned by the guy who started the Grande Pizza on Union Hills, he is now out here to make this Grande as good as his last one.  Inside seating is somewhat cozy but very doable, even with kids.
2	I have been here twice while working in Vistancia.  It's a typical "order at the counter and then they bring out the food too you" AZ eatery.  On the first visit we ordered the Grande pizza (their supreme) and it was quite tasty.  The service was mediocre but my company was quite entertaining.The second time I opted to eat here I decided on the sausage sub and my coworker had the roast beef sub.  I was less impressed the second time around as they skimped on the meat.  My sub was mainly bread; soggy bread from all the sauce and my co workers sub only had 1 thin layer of roast beef but was loaded down with lettuce and cheese.  Now I know we are in a depression but please don't get so cheap with your portions.  We spent $5.50/person for this "lunch special".My advice:  If you come here don't get a sub.  Just go for the pizza.
2	Wish I could write them a good review but the pizza was not very good, the mushrooms were canned and tasted terrible.  The ranch was just gross, I want places near my home to be good and I should give them just 1 star but I want them to get better.  I have been here twice now and even the chicken wings were not very good and with the ranch it was just a bad idea.
3	I live in the community of Vistancia and I am much like one of the other reviewers, I want good local food.  Local is sort of a misnomer but if you know Vistancia or live in Vistancia, you know that it is slightly tucked away and only have a couple of "local" restaurants.  Grande Pizza is one of them.I like their pizza on the whole but the ingredients on the pizza can sometimes be lacking.  For instance I think the meat products like the sausage and pepperoni are good to go but their vegetables are only so so and sometimes just wrong like the mushrooms (previously mentioned but I do need to second the notion).  I do really like the wings though.  They are cooked well and the sauce is fairly good.  Wings can be done much worse and these are higher in my book.  What, may I ask, is with $1.00 refills?  I am okay with $.25 or even $.50 refills but $1.00?  I teeter between buying one gigantic drink and just refilling it with the whole family on most occasions.Now with the ranch...  I am one of those guys who dips his pizza in ranch.  For the life of me I don't understand why Grande Pizza uses this particular ranch.  At best it is good enough for salad but should not be anywhere near pizza or wings.  I personally like the thick creamy ranch where this ranch is the soupy tangy ranch.  Not good enough to dip in really.The inside is nice and very pizzeria style with a couple of tv's that inexplicably always have sports on.  Pretty much standard fair there.  Benches and tables for the hungry as well.  I guess booths along the walls would be nice but there isn't much you can ask for in a joint like this. Overall, I do have to say I am happy with the service which should take mention because it looks to be mostly a family run operation.  They do like to please and were very nice each time I have visited them.  I will go back again but I am willing to go down the road to Barro's more and more for their wonderful pizza and wings with awesome ranch.  The opportunity for this restaurant is barely tapped in this community and with the right tweaks they could be filling seats every evening.
2	Decided to order a pizza for dinner and ordered a large Grande Special. The website said the price was $20.95. The girl who I placed the order with on the phone was very nice, she told me the ingredients, and said it would be delivered in around 45 minutes, which was fine. Ten minutes later, the pizza was delivered and I was charged $25.95. The pizza was hot, but that was the only good thing about it. It was soggy, the vegetables were soggy, and it just tasted terrible, especially the cheese. Very dissapointing, will not call again.
4	Overall I'm a fan of their pizza. Nice thin crust, sauce has a good taste, and the toppings were plentiful and fresh. I'll definitely be going back.
