5	This review is only for the Roof Inspection. When my home inspector called for additional investigating by a roofing company for the house we were purchasing I started making a few calls based on my Realtor's recommendations. After no luck with other roofing companies, I called R & H Roofing after I noticed they are rated higher on BBB than other roofing companies. Richard Hermosillo is a partner and he was prompt to call me back and showed up when he said he would to do the roof inspection. He also called to let us know he was on his way to the property in case we wanted to meet him there. He gave us a written quote and he did all this for FREE. He said he wanted our business so the inspection is typically free. Highly recommend for a roof inspection.
5	Richard and Henry were great!  They did a thorough analysis of my roofing problems, gave me a reasonable quote to do the work, and completed the work in the time frame they had given.  They did a fantastic job of cleanup every day and they were very courteous, and kept me informed of every step of the work.  They were the best contractors that I have ever worked with!!  I would recommend them to anyone needing their roof repaired or replaced.Bob
5	Richard & Henry are true professionals. I live in Long Beach, CA but have several rental properties in Phoenix (Ahwatukee). I was in danger of receiving a violation from my HOA  if I did not replace some missing roof tiles on my property. After a call to Henry he went out that same day and gave me a great quote to not only replace the missing tiles, but reattach and secure several loose tiles in danger of coming loose. He went the next day and did all of the work on simply my promise that I would put the check in the mail. These guys are true professionals. I highly recommend them for any roofing project you may need completed.
5	It's such a nice change to find contractors that you can trust. Richard and Henry are very trustworthy and seem to really know their stuff. After only a year of owning my home and being reassured that the previous owner used a licensed contractor to install the new roof, I had leaks everywhere. After a big storm and lots of water coming out my drywall I read reviews for R&H Roofing and figured I'd see what they had to say. They came out by noon that same day and not only were they honest about the repairs their pricing was great. Richard inspected the roof and also let me know of some areas I should keep an eye on. I wish I had R&H do a roof inspection before buying the house because the home inspector didn't make any notes about the roofing issues. The next day I had R&H come back out to give me a price for the whole roof. Both Richard and Henry came out to measure everything and leave me color samples. They didn't try to sell me on a new roof vs just patching the current problem but I really feel it's worth having the whole thing replaced by R&H to ensure I have a leak free roof for years to come. Throughout the entire job both owners were on site working and they took several pictures of both the issues with the roof from the previous roofer (keeping me informed of any unforeseen issues) and the finished product. They also really worked with me on the price for the additional sheathing repairs that were needed. I just can't express how impressed I am with this company and would recommend them to anyone needing a reliable roofer for a great price.
1	We requested to schedule an estimate for a repair via their contact the he of their website in mid-November, based in a referral from a friend. We didn't get a response for well over a week. When we did get a response it was by e-mail asking if we we're still interested in an estimate and if so to respond to the e-mail. We responded that we still needed an estimate. After waiting a week for response we called and were told that some one would call us the following Tuesday or Wednesday to come out and look at the roof, but never heard from anyone. We called this past Monday and left another message asking for Richard who does the estimate to call us back and received a call asking if anyone ever reached out to us. We still haven't heard from anyone to schedule and complete the estimate. It's been a month since we originally requested the estimate. If this is the response when a new customer is interested in hiring a business, we'll look elsewhere.
