5	Whenever I want to sink my teeth into a great cut of beef - and Daddy's not available -  this is my favorite place on the Strip to go. It's old-school cool and features white tablecloth service. Don't let that scare away the caveman or cavegirl in you.  The experienced servers and management ooze enough warmth and charm to make the beast in all of us feel beautiful.  Las Vegas Magazine recently gave it rave reviews, so don't just take my word...Start with either the seafood special platter, served on ice,  or the new tuna tartare special.  And... the filets. Ha cha cha.  Just like Charo, they're nicely aged and have caused more than one man to shake and drool. If lighter fare is more to your liking, try the crab cakes which have a nice bite to them, or the fresh sea bass which is served in a nice broth with fresh snap peas and carrots.  Save room for dessert, because they have table-side service. I highly recommend the bananas foster and cherries jubilee choices.   Yum, yum.For those of you wanting more of  - WHATever-  try the private dining room, perfect for hosting 20-40 of your closest friends for a night on the town. That way considerate angels & Daddys can create chaos without getting arrested for disturbing the peace. Overall: This is SO money, baby.Full disclosure:  This angel's devlishly talented family member  manages the 46, so I've tasted most of the menu. And no worries, if things weren't up to snuf, I'd go old-school myself and kick him in the shins! :0)
2	I've been to a lot of steakhouses - this is not top-notch.Service was mediocre. Steaks came out and looked like they came off a lunch line. I took a quick slice, tasted one bit of the grayed mess in front of me, and sent it back. Mind you, that's only the third or fourth food item I've ever sent back in my life and I wasn't the only one to do so at my table.The comp'd dessert was large, but not earth-shattering in taste.To their credit, the new steak that was brought out was a solid 7 or 8.Honestly though, I would have been willing to trade for Outback.
2	The shrimp cocktail and the lobster bisque were delicious. The wine was good, but way overpriced. The main courses were a mess overall. The food had obviously had a wait time at the window. The top of my mushrooms were cold, the mash had a skin on them, and one of our parties rib eye was luke warm.  Solid appetizers but if you are a steak house get the steak right for starters. My fillet was just OK. I read the above comment about comparing it to outback and if i am being truly honest. I have had better fillets there as well. The fillet was also served on some overcooked version of home fried. Small cubes of hard potato with tough bacon bits. Better to just leave it off the plate entirely. I won't be going back, especially when you consider for less money, you can cross the street and have a great meal at Spago, where the quality never is subject to question.
4	If you're at The Flamingo, I highly recommend this place.  Excellent atmosphere, a very subdued but classy dark wooden appearance with a very quiet feel, a nice break from the lights and noise of the casino.  I had the bone-in ribeye, which excelled in texture and taste.  My friend had the scallops which were well-presented and also delicious.  Our waiter, Francisco, was very attentive and made an excellent wine suggestion to compliment my dish. The only thing that keeps me from giving a 5th star is my opinion that the serving sizes were just a hair small compared to other ala-carte style steakhouses at the same price level.
4	We walked into Steakhouse 46 expecting to be underwhelmed and walked out impressed.  We figured that since it's at the Flamingo, it would fall short.  We were wrong.  It's an Old School steakhouse, with white tablecloth service and several waiters at your beck and call, and they deliver.  The wine list has an excellent selection and the markup isn't too outrageous.  The servers made sure our wine glasses were never empty.  Steaks are huge and well prepared.  Entrees are $50-ish.  If you want a quiet, elegant night in a candlelit room, this is a great place to do it.  I've been to most of the steakhouses on Tony's list and in my opinion, this place holds its own because it kicks it old school.  It's not trying to be a celebrity steakhouse, it's just trying to be a good one.
4	My honey and I have been coming to Vegas over T-giving week for the past 4-5 years and initially stayed at the Flamingo because of their super cheap rates during that week, but have grown to love the slightly shabby, old school Vegas vibe of the hotel. One of our "traditions" is to dress up like grown-ups one night and hit Steakhouse 46 (nee Conrad's) at the Flamingo for dinner. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's got an old school steakhouse vibe - lots of dark wood paneling, shiny flatware, white tablecloths and big booths (we've always been seated in booths). We've never been disappointed with either the food or the service, nor have we ever had a reservation (probably not as necessary for a Tuesday night of Thanksgiving week). The steaks have been generously sized and perfectly cooked every time. We usually order a salad to start, our steaks and one side. The first time we ate there, we ordered a side for each of us, but were so stuffed, we now order a single side to share, which allows room for a shared dessert. Instead of wine, we usually start with cocktails (gin and tonic for him and vodka tonic for me) and just continue with water, and coffee if we have dessert. The service has always been friendly and efficient, and we look forward to our next visit, which will be sometime next week!
4	Just got back from Vegas yesterday, and we hit Steakhouse 46 our last night there. To start, we had Caesar salads (complete with anchovy fillets, first time I had anchovies) which were just the right size to start with. My honey ordered the filet mignon (medium rare) and I had the seared rare ahi tuna with english garden peas and shitake mushrooms in garlic cream. Both proteins were perfectly cooked, although I found my mushrooms to be a bit salty. However, I tend not to use much salt when I cook, so a lot of things are a "bit salty" to me when I eat out. We shared a side of au gratin potatoes which were a little al dente, but that's how my honey and I like potatoes, so that worked out for us. All in all, we had a lovely dinner here, as enjoyable and delicious as our dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill (but in an old school steakhouse way, rather than a cool southwestern inspired way).
4	You know, this place wasn't bad.  In fact, it was quite good.  I was hoping to eat at Craftsteak at the MGM, but I didn't have reservations.  The group wanted some steak, so we just wandered into this place.  The pricing was fair, typical nice steakhouse pricing.  Nothing crazy like the super expensive kobe beef plates or anything.  The lobster bisque and french onion soup were very tasty, and the bread fresh and warm.  The steaks weren't stellar, but they were good enough to put a smile on your face before hitting the casino floor.  So for the lack of reservation, feeling full, and enjoying my meal, I have to give it at least a 4 star.
1	Just after CES 2010 opened on Thursday, I took a client to this place because we were all staying in the Flamingo.  We arrived around 8:30pm.  At the door, we were informed the kitchen was closed! (what, it's Vegas and its CES).  If we wanted to stay, all we could order was apps and cocktails in the bar area, we were cool with that. We went into the bar, ordered the first of what we thought would be many rounds and four apps. Our drinks arrived 10 minutes later and our apps about 10 mins after that.  Just three sips into our drinks, and a few bits into the food,  we were "informed" the restaurant was closing and we needed to leave, "drink up", what the heck, it was ONLY 9pm during CES. To help get their point across, they turned up the lights, cut the music and stood over our table until we paid the bill, gulped down our one cocktail and chowed down the apps. Maybe their early bird specials are better, but I'm not willing to find out.  If you like to eat at 5pm this might be a great place, but if you are like most people who come to LV for a trade show, and don't go out until after 8pm (because you are on the show floor till 6pm), than I recommend you don't come here.
4	Very nice and helpful staff.  The food was good and in some cases really good.  Had they not overcooked my steak I would have given them 5 stars.  It was still delicious but it was medium not medium rare.  Wine list prices are quite reasonable.
4	I've stayed at the Flamingo numerous times, but I've never eaten here before.  However since we had just arrived in Vegas that morning (& were still a little jet lagged), we decided just to eat dinner at the hotel.My experience at Steakhouse 46 was wonderful.  The service was superb.  Our waiter and her assistant were so attentive.  I could never see them throughout the restaurant, but when I needed something poof they were right there.I started off with the lobster bisque which was excellent and for dinner I had the surf & turf (Filet Mignon & Alaskan King Crab Legs) with yukon gold french fries on the side.  Everything was so delicious . . . so tasty and cooked to perfection.  Even though I was stuffed, I ate it all and ended up rolling out of there.  My mom ate the rack of lamb and she loved her meal too.So glad that we decided to go there and would definitely go back to try their tapas.
4	I've been here twice and it's was great both times. I had the T Bone and fries, I suggest the mash potatoes, much better!!! Great cocktails and wine. The service was great both times, everyone is really friendly and helpful. I would go back again.
2	Came back again this year and was underwhelmed. The food was pretty good, but the service was truly awful. The hostess could teach the old guys working the room a thing or two about hospitality (she was great!), but I doubt they'd listen. The meal didn't live up to the price.
4	I liked this place. It's not as good as Charlie Palmer's, SW, Capital Grille, but the prices are lower, good value, good service, I'm glad I went and would go back again.
1	SKIP IT!!!!  My parents live in Vegas and we are HUGE steakhouse fans.  We were going to see Donny and Marie (my mom wanted to - and it was AWESOME, strangely enough) so we decided to try the steakhouse at the Flamingo because it was easy.  MISTAKE!!!  4 tables were sat at the same time - the two that didn't have our waiter ate and were out before we even got our salads.  Our waiter was horrible!!!  The service was horrible, the food mediocre, the price high, and the wine list was poor.  The menus looked like they were printed on a printer that needed a new cartridge and mine had stains on it.  Plus, they were doing work on the floor above the restaurant and there was a horrible drilling noise for the first 30 minutes we were there.  SKIP THIS PLACE and opt for Del Frisco's, Jean Georges, The Palm, or any one of the many great vegas steakhouses.
5	My mom and I decided to eat at the Steakhouse 46.This place may not be the new trendy hot spot for steaks and seafood but seriously, who needs it if the food sucks.  At Steakhouse 46, the food is delicious and the service is awesome.  We told our server before hand that we needed to go to a concert at a certain time and to make sure if we could be served quicker than normal.  To our surprise they delivered on their word.  Our food was served promptly and it was delicious.My mom ordered the Chilean sea-bass. It was served with rice and a nice sauce complimented the fish very well.  It was tasty and tender.  And I ordered the lobster and filet Mignon.  My lobster was steamed nicely and my meat cooked perfectly, medium.  Overall we were satisfied and will definitely eat here again.
4	Went here quite awhile ago with my uncle... he stays at Harrah's properties regularly, and on this trip he was at the Flamingo.  I think they comped him dinner at the steakhouse.  It was actually well above average for a steakhouse, from memory.  Alas, I just heard today that it is not closed.  Not surprised as there's a million places to get a good steak in this town.
4	great for wedding reception and for dates. very good food. get any of the steaks and deserts of course
5	I have been to the Steakhouse 4 times and each time marveled at the experience. We have been greeted as friendly as if we were just there last week. The service has always been outstanding. I just saw a review saying the steakhouse is closed and if that is the case, I will be sorely disappointed. Whenever I have been asked my favorite place to dine Steakhouse 46 is always my response. I tell all of my clients who are headed to Las Vegas to try it out and each one has come back and told me what a great dining experience.
