4	I was very relieved when I found this tobacconist, because everywhere else I've tried in the valley was there as either a cigarette store or head shop first and foremost with a little cabinet of cigars or an overpriced "stand" inside a casinoTobacco Leaf is just the opposite. A huge selection of cigars in their walk-in humidor, a great selection of reasonably priced pipes and a good selection of pipe tobacco, and a very knowledgeable and friendly staff, as well as pretty nice decor made me feel back at home. They also have a lounge that seats about eight, and the clientele I've encountered on days it was too cold to smoke outside have also been friendly.In addition, they have a full espresso bar and a great selection of accessories, and they have a guy that does very nice work on pipes (I recently sent out my Savinelli antique shell for cleaning and reconditioning the stem).
3	I visited this tobacco shop in order to buy a surprise cigar for a friend who prefers a certain type of cigarette/cigarillo. The woman behind the counter  told me what type of cigar would probably please my friend, based on what she smoked, and was very friendly and patient.  I went a second time, simiiar situation, and this time a young man was on duty. He was just as helpful and patient, and very friendly. Their pipe, cigar and tobacco collections are well cared for, and the place is neat and organized, albeit a bit cramped at the counter.  They have some nice extras for your smoking needs - tampers, cigar cutters, etc.  I would definitely continue to bring my business here.
5	Will the owner and his family are fantastic people that go out of their way for the right kind of customer service. Cigars galore, no glass pipes or headshop eq. Here. Traditional and clean.
5	I go often because the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I was more educated on what i wanted to smoke and the employee Robert knew exactly what i was looking for to enjoy the experience of a fine beautiful cigar.  I live quit away from the place but i continue to go to Tobacco Leaf because the ones closer to home (at least five others) are very ghetto, they watch TV more than help you, and prices are higher.  The Tobacco Leaf has a fantastic cigar lounge and a large humidor with great selection.  Thank You Tobacco Leaf!
4	If you're a cigar aficionado, looking to get started, or just looking to purchase a nice gift for a friend, this is where you need to be.Most other places around town are smoke shops that sell bongs and cigarettes, with a shoddy selection of cigars, they usually aren't kept well humidified, and the staff at these places have a marginal knowledge of cigars, at best.Not the case at Tabacco Leaf; This is a place that caters to the wonderfu cigar. This place offers a very good selection of sticks with a nice, large walk-in humidor, at pretty comptetitive prices.The gentleman that works here was friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and he gave me some great recommendations, of which I enjoyed all 5. They also sell humidors and everything you'll need for it, cutters, lighters, and various cigar accessories.Another cool note--They have a stamp card, whereby you accrue stamps for every cigar over $3.99 that you purchase. Upon collectiong 10 stamps, you receive $10 toward your next purchase! I also noticed that they host various cigar events throughout the year; I saw that they posted a Drew Estate and a CAO event the last time I was there. The actuall lobby area is a bit small and can feel a bit cramped, but no so much so that it would be of any concern.Now, whether you're a cigar old-timer or new to the leaf, I'm sure you've all felt the inconvenience of smoking while out with loved ones. Even here in Las Vegas, which is a friendlier city to smokers, it can be a pain in a lot of places that will allow cigarettes to be smoked inside, but not cigars. Fear not, fellow brothers of the leaf! This place has a cigar lounge with recliners and flat screen televisions where you can relax, grab any stick, sit back and enjoy, or study and do some work in a friendly, mellow environment. If you're looking to purchase cigars or cigars related things, this place is definitely worth the drive.
4	They have an amazing selection of cigars and pipe tobacco. I am truly impressed with their humidor. They have a variety of boutique and mainstream cigars. I couldn't imagine any cigar smoker walking into this shop without finding something of interest.I've been to the Henderson and Summerlin locations and impressed with both. I typically like to sit and smoke to decompress after a long day (or even for a mid day smoke break) and they provide a cozy lounge at the back.Although the seats are usually filled up with the regulars, they tend to make room. The ventilation isn't the best; but its a cigar lounge... Smokey air is to be expected :)They do a really cool "customer appreciation" day once a month. Definitely something to check out if you have the time to enjoy!! I can say, they definitely treat their customers well and make the place as inviting as possible.Their Selection puts them at the top of my list of Cigar Shops. Even if you just need to grab and go ... they are my fist choice to shop.
5	Outstanding!  This will be a regular stop for me each time I'm in Las Vegas. Knowledgable staff, great selection of both cigars and pipe tobaccos and related accessories.
5	I finally paid a visit to the store on Eastern and I was impressed! Nice selection of pipes as well as tinned and bulk tobaccos. Billy was phenomenal! I picked up a Butz Choquin pipe I have had my eye on, and Billy recommended a tobacco that was fantastic. I am going back for more. Check out this shop, you will be glad you did.
5	Billy got me all sorted out with my humidor currently being seasoned. I get to take it home Saturday- Billy & Dylan Rock!!
4	I have been a regular here since I relocated 3 years ago.  The staff (Dylan & Billy) are very helpful in finding the right stick for you to smoke. A great selection of sticks, and the monthly Customer Appreciation Day ($10) on selected cigars is a great deal.  The lounge is small, yet comfortable, most folks are friendly and like to talk about cigars.
5	This place is great! Very friendly, helpful staff. Great selection of cigars & bonus -- One way out of the month every 15th is "All you can smoke" for $10 NOT BAD!
5	Quality spot. First off, complete noob to cigars and the art of cigar smoking. I found this spot thru the nice folks here on Yelp & felt impressed enough by the service to do a review while smoking my Montecristo. Dylan helped me find exactly the type of smoke I was looking for which was distinctive & different. When in Las Vegas, it's about seeing and being seen, and doing it in a way that is unique. Dylan's customer service throughout the process was top shelf! He answered all of my questions and was patient as I described the kind of look I wanted. He set me up with some Montecristos and a sweet case to put them in.If you're in Las Vegas & looking for an education on cigars, go here & ask for Dylan. Then relax, smoke, repeat & enjoy!
5	Nice lounge. Plenty ventilated. Very nice selection of cigars. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Highly recommend
5	Really nice smoking lounge with good ventilation. Very good pricing and great selection of sticks. We spent an hour and the girls lasted about half of that!
5	Dillon knows his stuff!  He's always very friendly and knows what you like once you start asking him about various cigars!  Thank you Dillon for all your help all the time!!
5	On my first visit I could tell this was a top flight cigar store and lounge. It's well organized, great selection in the huge humidor and Dillon was very helpful when I asked about cigar options. Best bet for finding a great cigar.
5	Great business.  Staff is super knowledgeable and helpful.  Great place to chill and burn one!
5	One of the finest Tobacco shops in Vegas... Great tobaccos , pipes and cigar selection...Very impressive store !
5	Great store... Good selection... Will definitely be a regular stop for me when I need a few good sticks...
5	So the bad thing is its a narrow and cramped humidor. The good thing is its a cramped store full of good stuff.  If you're a aged cigar or gem hunter like me, this aspect becomes a very positive thing as I'm finding things that wouldn't be around at minimally stocked store to high. They can keep "losing" stuff in their humidor so I can "find" them years later. What sets it above too is that the customer service is great here. Dylan and Billy are easy going, friendly and are all about helping you and making you happy. There is another location that is close to our house on Lake Mead. It is bigger and convenient to us but after going here and seeing the difference we will be driving here instead.  Why? Not that they aren't helpful at the other one but  I am not just someone who likes to purchase, I want to be a regular. Within a few visits, I feel comfortable here and would rather smoke here and talk with these guys...there's just something extra there. I smoked a LFD chiselito on my last visit and we've had some really nice chats with Dylan. Just the vibe is varied.... you would think its two owners based on how different the two shops are run. I live in the far NW and will come to the SE just for this. I definitely think if they've gone above and beyond on my first visits, then I am a a fan right off the bat and will try to come by more often.
5	Awesome service, Dylan and Billy are very knowledgeable and always willing to talk cigars and make a great suggestion. The lounge is super comfortable and great when its too hot and to smoke outside.
5	Great selection, knowledgeable assistance available.  Have everything you forgot at home.
5	Went in to buy my first pipe, and I'm so glad I went here! Billy was incredibly helpful. He helped me pick out the perfect pipe, as well as sample 4-5 different tobaccos. I asked a ton of questions, and we was patient in answering all of them. Will definitely return whenever I'm in Vegas!
5	Billy and Pablo were such a great help! We were looking for a xmas present for my brother and they guided us through their store. Although it's small there is a lot of inventory! Thanks guys!
