5	Its taken me a while to write this review, but I passed by Fleurish the other day and I was reminded that I never thanked Sarah for the awesome job she did on my wedding flowers. I didn't really know what I wanted when I went in there and I just kind of described colors and themes and she totally got where I was going. The flowers were a surprise, since I didn't really know what she came up with.... let me tell you, they bouquets were more beautiful than I could have ever imagined. It was whimsical, it was small enough.. I got everything that I asked for.
1	I ordered flowers for delivery.  I was promised same day delivery and was very excited since they had a reasonable price and the flowers were gorgeous.  They took my phone number in case of emergency and again promised delivery between 5pm and 6pm.  When I tried to explain the location, they assured me they knew where it was.However, they did not deliver the flowers.  They called the destination spot stating they could not find it, leaving a message when nobody answered.  They never called me for assistance, even though they took my number in case.  I had explained the destination they were going to may take a minute since the person receiving them was very sick.  They left a message for the destination to call the next day and either pick them up or they could try to deliver again.I had left two or three messages inquiring where they were, and they never called me back.  They never even called to explain or touch base for not delivering as promised.  I was very disappointed as the person receiving them was sick and I found this business not very professional at all.I would not count on this shop to deliver as promised.
4	hip hop hooray for independent minded floral design.  Very nice selection, not your everyday arrangements.
5	Okay, I admit, I'd used Fleurish twice before and wasn't all that keen about the freshness of the flowers.  But when I received the most beautiful bouquet of my life in April 2012, I'm a believer.  I don't know what happened to Fleurish, but it is all good.The flowers honestly looked like they were from New York.  I saw flowers in that bouquet that I couldn't even identify they were so exotic.  Counted at least 10 different varieties of berries, branches with little green buds on them, roses, lilies, all againsta backdrop of pale pink and lime.  Sad day when I had to say good-bye to them.  If I ever get the chance to order flowers for a special person, I'm calling Fleurish.
5	Super creative lady!  Sarah does the weekly flowers for the salon I work at and they are always beautiful! Knowing her work already, I let her do her thing with my wedding flowers.  The bouquets were breathtaking.  The hydrangeas were fresh! Sarah is not only a florist, but an artist.  Not your usual overcharge-me-for-mediocre-flowers like the rest of the shops in this town. I would definitely recommend her for any occasion.  She is the best!
5	Went by to buy a single rose and it was put in a water tube and some extra greens thrown in...lovely
5	Fleurish is my go-to florist anytime I order flowers for family or friends in C-U!  Sarah always does an impeccable job of putting together the freshest, most creative, and always beautiful arrangements.  I've called her completely last minute before and she has delivered the same day (within hours) for no extra charge.  Whenever I call, I speak directly to Sarah, who is always super friendly and full of ideas.  She also happens to be the owner, so I feel confident she will exceed my expectations!  I highly recommend Fleurish!
5	Stunning. Beautiful. Unique.  I can't speak to their service, but every arrangement I have seen or received from Fleurish has been to die for !!!!
