4	My hubby and I have been seeing Dr. James Doris here for about 2 years now and really feel that we're in good hands. The office is very modern with all computer record keeping, there's a blood lab on site if you need any lab work done, and the staff is exceptionally friendly and caring. I've been able to get same day appointments for urgent needs.My hubby had a perplexing illness that took several weeks to figure out and Dr. Doris made a real effort to get to the bottom of it. He was very thorough with getting tests done and trying to find the root of the illness instead of just prescribing antibiotics and referring him to a specialist. Both Dr. Doris and his wife (who is also a doc there) were educated in Britain and take their time with each patient instead of rushing them in and out in five minutes like a lot of doctors.  They're part of the John C. Lincoln Hospital network...if they take your insurance I would recommend them.
4	I've been seeing Dr. Bowey here since we moved to PHX a few years ago; she is absolutely great.  She's not one to shove prescriptions on you if there is a 'natural' remedy (ie, you have bad headaches...correct your posture...boom! headaches gone!), which I appreciate.  She's always willing to explain what's going on and is thorough.  I would absolutely recommend her to anyone searching for a Dr. in the area.
1	But the rating goes mainly for the staff. Been with the office close to 10 years, due to past good experiences even fired my specialists and relyed on Dr James and wife Dr Jacqueline Doris for my care.Missing test results from labwork dated 10-15-12 are however a bone of contentment with the staff, especially the office manager, who takes quieries through my electronic chart access as an insult(?). Is asking for the test results- all test results- not my patient right? should I not have been advised on later appointments what the results are?If i had some ungodly illness, shouldn't I be informed to keep the rest of the world uninfected??
1	I love Dr. Shealey, she is awesome.  However, the "referral coordinator" Dawn and "aide" Mary are completely rude and condescending.  They do NOT want to help they just want to get you off the phone.  I had and appointment with the Dr. and asked for a referral to bariatrics, because I knew the program required an official referral from my PCP (my patient coordinator had even checked my benefits.  In the mail, Dawn sent me a letterhead stating "your insurance does not require a referral."  I called them explaining that although upfront it does not generally require a referral, for this program, and according to the procedure code, it does.  She became very condescending and told me she'd been doing this 15 years and they "don't do that" (give the referral I needed, even though Dr. Shealey had said it was a good idea and agreed to....) and continued to transfer me back to Mary who was also very rude and just said "WELL WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?  MAKE ANOTHER APPOINTMENT AND TALK TO HER!"  They are just horrible!!!!!!!  Pray you never have to talk to anyone but the Drs. there....
5	Last week   was  my first  visit  to  Arcadia Family Clinic .I just went  on Medicare and I picked  this office because  a friend recommended the doctors there. I needed a  new new  PCP .I could  not have been more  impressed  with the  office staff and  Dr.  Shealey .I was seen as soon as  I finished  my  paper work.  Dr Shealey  was  attentive ,listened  to  my  concerns and  ordered  all the  tests  she thought  I needed. There is a  lab  in the  office so blood work was done there , and BTW probably the  first time  I haven't gotten a  huge bruise  in my  life!  I saw the  negative reviews  on Yelp but  I am going  to  give  them 5 stars and could not be more pleased with my new  doctor. I tend to only write reviews  if  I really like a. business. The  negative  reviews on this clinic could  have made  me choose another doctor  so  I am going to  highly recommend this office.
2	Dr .Kristin Shealey  did not take the time to listen. She showed zero compassion.  She wanted me in and then  out. That was my impression. I was just in tears crying five minutes before she walked In.   I had my infant with me.  And I let her know that the natural path doctor I had recently seen asked me to ask her to do some blood work and some certain tests.  I know doctors don't believe in natural paths.  But that didn't require her to treat me in such a rude manner.  And dr shealey got very defensive and was really just plAin rude.   I found today's visit with dr . Shealey more than disappointing.  I will ask for dr. Heinz next visit.  For she showed much compassion , patience and Kindness.  All very important traits to have as a primary physican.  My goodness as people and patients with illness and struggles , we want to be cared about and felt like they have a little interest in us as human beings ! The rest of the staff was super sweet.  The nurse that took my vitals was very nice.  And the man that drew my blood in their personal lab was also super kind and welcoming.   It's too bad that doctors can't be more personable and compassionate.  After all they are on a field of helping people. It never ceases to amaze me.
4	Dr. Bowey is fabulous and makes you feel like you are her only patient. The downside is that if you don't have an appt first thing in the AM or right after their lunch break, you have a really long wait time! Have been a patient here for more than 5 years and will continue to be one.
1	I was looking for a new doctor and came across Arcadia Family Clinic. I called to make my appointment on a Monday. They verified my insurance while I was on the phone and I was excited to hear there was an open appointment the next day! When I went for my appointment I had my insurance card and ID ready as they had asked the day before. When I was called up to the desk ( 10 min after arriving) I was told immediately that they don't take my insurance! I told the woman at the desk that they had just verified it the day before. She looked in a folder and said sorry we don't take this. I don't understand how I can sit on a phone call for 7 minutes the day before and be told to come in only to be turned away immediately! I wasted my time at this clinic and they weren't even apologetic about the situation. I hope the next doctor I try is at least compassionate!
1	dr bowey, yells at me on my first visit with her, because my previous doctor was available that day. However when I made my appointment a month prior I was advised that 'my' doctor will have moved to a different location and not available at Arcadia anymore. I don't want to run around for possible bloodwork and requested to be placed with a Doctor available in my prefered timeslot. Then Dr Bowey writes me a script, but I just found out from the pharmacy that all request for refills are denied as ' unknown patient'- funny since I've been with that location almost 15 years. After-hour care was nice enough to write me a script, but for the wrong dosage...So now i've been without bloodpressure meds for 3 (!) days and counting.The answering machine states that Dr Bowey doesn't do refills without an appointment, but the lady made very clear that she will not see me as a patient- so what am I to do??Too bad I can't give less than 1 star for this specific doctor
