5	My husband and I just moved into a new house and NEEDED to do something about our backyard. We had contacted a few places, one was a no show after we set up three different meeting times and one place never bothered to call us back. We came home one day and found the Brother Gonzalez Landscaping card on our door. We decided to give them a call because they do a free estimate. They arrived earlier then they told us they would and spoke to us about our backyard. After we agreed on a design we set up another appointment to look at samples. They again showed up when they said they would and brought the samples. They are incredibly reasonable, polite, honest and hard working. They showed up on Monday morning and worked until Thursday afternoon and our backyard looks amazing! I could not be happier with the work and with their attention to detail. After reading some reviews on here, I realize that not all people in this industry are reliable. If you are looking for reliability, great work and reasonable prices I suggest you give them a call! I don't think you'll be disappointed!We live in Scottsdale, and they were more than happy to do the work for us although they are based in Chandler.
1	I had the exact opposite experience. I spoke to Gilberto on the phone and everything seemed pleasant enough, we set up a meeting for the following day so he could come and inspect the place and give me a price. We'd been out of town for the summer visiting our parents as we do every summer as we are both teachers and don't work summers. You can imagine our place was pretty messy but he overcharged me by about $100 dollars it usually cost but I let it slide as I read the last positive review here and wanted a cleanup job fast. We agreed but he never showed up with the crew, and when I called Gilberto back to find out what happened he hung up in my face! These people are unprofessional, throw out "God bless you's" to get you to think they're decent but you don't make commitments and then don't show and hang up on people. Luckily Four Seasons landscaping was incredibly positive, professional, did a wonderful job, and cost about 125 dollars less- and were incredibly polite (you can find them on Angie's List).
1	Do not use this service. You will be thankful you didn't. If I could give less than one star I would. I attempted to use Brothers Gonzalez Landscaping after they left a card on my doorstep. The first time they came to my property and actually did the work they said they would do. I was home and was able to pay them after the work was completed. I had asled about being put on a monthly maintenance schedule and they agreed. A month rolled around and they had not showed up. When I called them to ask if they were coming they told me they forgot. (Great, I thought). They scheduled for the following day. That day I couldn't end up being at the house all day and so wasn't home at time of service. When I returned to the house they had already been here and did minimal work. They barely trimmed my front hedges and didn't even go into the backyard, as the did the first time. Worst part is, I had left a check for the service under the door mat. Well, they had no problem taking the check and cashing it immediately. I called to ask why the full service wasn't given and they promised they would come make it right. I've called 3 days in a row now and today I was hung up on by the person at the phone number listed on this yelp business page. When I called back I got a voicemail. I suppose I was too trusting they would do the work as they did the first time. I'm currently looking for a new landscaper that will bill me for payment. Awfully disappointing experience.
1	Unfortunately, I had been using this company for almost a year when it came to trimming large trees, weeding, etc. At first they did an incredible job and guarenteed their services, so they even came back when the weeds did and sprayed again for free. Then. I needed a dead vine pulled out of my backyard and a new drip system put in. I asked him about the price  ($600) which I though was much too high and he was not willing to budge. Due to our previous experiences together I decided to go with him again. The next day the vine was removed and he came to my house to collect partial payment in order to buy the parts over the weekend and would finish the job the following week. I paid him $350 that night. He has since not responded to a single phone call or text, and when i do reach him, he hangs up on me as soon as I say my name. STAY AWAY
