5	Great company! Great work... Great concepts for indoor health solutions. All the particles in the ducts and the air is capable of causing allergies and other health related matters. Always good to get the ducts cleaned out every so often... I will have these guys at my house in the future...
5	I found this company through Air Zone cooling and heating, I was told they are the best and trust worthy. I contacted Jeremy and he gave me a run down on what they do and how long it would take. I was very hesitant  at first, I had read online about so many companies that would charge so much money and not do the job. Jeremy gave me his website to read on what he and how it all works. There is some very interesting information to know, I had no clue on half of what is blown through the vents, it grossed me out. I then spoke to my husband and he was all for it. I call Jeremy back and we got scheduled for that following Saturday. During that week he kept in touch with me just letting me know the cost and reminded me he was going to be there. He arrived on time walked us through the house and let us know what they were doing, him and his co-worker (I am so sorry, I can't remember his name, but he was extremely nice! Sean I think) worked their butts off and were just so polite and friendly, just very trust worthy. They both went above and beyond, dusted high places and nooks in the bedroom put in new air filters. I was so happy with the work that was done that I have been telling EVERYONE ABOUT THEM! What I like also is that they didn't charge me per vent for each thing. It was one flat rate and it was worth it. They even threw in the dryer vent cleaning. I know this is only one review on here but I have to say I wouldn't trust another company with my home. When you walk out of the home and walk back in, you can immediatly smell and breath so much better, the difference is amazing!Thank you Jeremy and Sean!!!!!!:)
5	Jeremy was awesome! He fixed the dryer vent exhaust and cleaned years worth of build up from the system. Very professional! Highly recommend!
5	Excellent service. Clean and prompt. Respected yelp discount. Left the house tidy and explained any problem areas. Asked for follow up call in 2 weeks Good or bad.
5	Great customer service. Very accommodating and down to earth guy.
1	This company was recommended and will never use them again. I called to schedule a dryer vent cleaning and at first Jeremy seemed really cool over the phone. Unfortunately, that was the only good thing that I can remember. On the day of my appt, they were an hour and a half late. Then upon arrival, they didn't even have the correct equipment to do the job!!!! I have a dryer/washer stack combo and they couldn't move the machine! They simply stated that they checked the vent on the exterior of the building and  concluded that our vent was good to go for another 3 years. I wasn't around majority of the time of the service but despite not being able to do the job needed, they had charged us the full amount to do pretty much nothing. I could go on and on and in details about everything that happened but I won't. The thing I still don't understand is that being in the business of cleaning dryer vents, why did they not have the proper equipment to do the job?? Sure their prices seemed good but as for honesty, I wouldn't trust their judgement. I hired an honorable and awesome company to do the job after such terrible service and boy did they do a 200% better job!
5	Company was prompt to reply to my estimate request, answered all my questions, easy to get a hold of with follow up questions, showed up right on time the day of. The employees were professional, knowledgeable and friendly. Cleaned the house up well afterwards and all vents were nice and clean! I would recommend.
5	Jeremy was fast, professional, and reasonably priced.  I'll be sure to recommend them to all my friends.  I am actually looking forward doing my laundry now.
5	Just had my clothes dryer vent cleaned out by Jeremy Powell owner of Indoor Air Solutions.  He is very professional, courteous and clean. He does an outstanding job, cleans up after himself and leaves your house cleaner than when he arrived. I am very satisfied with the work and would recommend him to anyone needing Dryer vent cleaning and air duct cleaning. I have used this company in the past for air duct cleaning and he was able to replace several of my airduct registers (covers) that I could not find at Home depot or lowes because of uncommon sizes. His rates are extremely reasonable.  His customer service is wonderful. I called late last night and showed up this morning at the time he said he would be here.  He gave me a flat rate price and there were no hidden charges. This company is reliable and trustworthy in my opinion.
5	Jeremy did great on the following:1. Offer reasonable prices and did not try to rip me off2. Is responsive to my requests3. Got the job done. I felt comfortable with his service and he's honest.
