5	Hands down the best salon in town! I've been having Andre color my hair for 8+ years & have always been beyond happy with the outcome. Everyone who knows me knows how picky I am about my hair too. His stylist & staff are of the highest quality. They pride themselves on perfection and ensuring every client that walks through the door leaves having the best experience. Their new location is beautiful so be sure to check it out!! Located just east of the beautiful Scottsdale Quarter off Hayden. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
5	First time at Dre's Salon for a facial by Lindsey.  Lindsey did a light peel on my daughter who is 14 and peel for me ...GREAT RESULTS!!  My daughter had slight ache on cheeks and now her skin looks so much better.  The pores on my face have almost disappeared and my skin feels tight and smooth.  Cant wait to repeat in 2 weeks.  Thanks Lindsey!!
5	This salon is my absolute favorite. I have been going here for almost a year and I would not go anywhere but here. My lovely hairdresser Kasey always has the perfect taste and makes sure I leave looking 100 times better than I could have imagined. She is a god ! Not only that but I received a facial from  the amazing Lindsey and she was absolutely amazing, ! my pores are cleaner than ever and my face is baby soft ! I'm extremely impressed with her knowledge on products and the end result. My face has never felt or looked this good !  Go to Dres these girls are the best of the best !
5	New location is amazing and Nikki was absolutely perfect! My highlights were exactly what I asked for and did an awesome job on my cut! Always hard to find someone who can do just what u ask:) I'm a customer for life!
5	Love Dre's Salon! The new place is lovely and the staff is extremely professional. Nikki is a genius and my hair always comes out perfectly. Cut, color, highlights and brazilian blowouts done by Nikki never disappoint. She takes amazing care of me and makes sure I have everything I need while I am there. Coffee, water, diet coke, magazines and anything else I needed was provided. This is a classy upscale place and I would recommend it to anyone.
5	First time visiting Dre'sat their new location and I'm happy to share that their new location is super easy to find right off of Scottsdale Rd and Greenway Hayden Loop. The space is twice as big and just as beautiful as their last space. The owner Andre has visions of making the interior into an amazing vibrant space- I can't wait to see the finished transformation!  This time my appt was with Tyler James. Let me tell you, can he color, cut, and style hair!  We got talking and it becomes apparent to be that this man loves hair~ in fact, he's passionate about hair and loves to make his clients feel sexy, gorgeous, and beautiful! We decided on an all over color for my hair and I LOVED my hair when it was done. Shiny and soft looking just perfect to compliment my skin tone. Don't let his young looks fool you, he's been doing hair as soon as he learned to walk and baby, the scissors were like an extension of fingers working on my head! I loved my experience with him and will be back again!Smart of Andre to add Tyler to his Dre's team. If you decide to book an appt. with Tyler, let him know that I sent you!!!
5	Sooo we're here after my son's disastrous haircut at the OTHER place that I shall not mention. I had to tell him repeatedly that Tyler was a fab stylist. Skeptical but having no choice since I controlled the wheels (LOL), we came to Dre's and when my son saw the beautiful salon, he sang a different tune and became excited to get his haircut. The haircut took less than 30 mins which is what you want when cutting the hair of a 7 yr old. And let me tell you "wowza" what a world a difference a vava-boom haircut makes!  I'm my son's mom so I know I'm already biased (I admit it) but after his haircut, my son's cuteness meter went up 5 notches. Seriously dripping adorable!And of course Tyler made it look so easy cause he's just that goooood!Who says boys can't have style!  All the moms out there, if Tyler can make a boy's hair styling, think about what his cut & style will do for you precious little princesses, yourself and yes, your husbands!!!!Love!#style #fab #love
5	As a picky person when it comes to my hair, I completely trust the stylists at Dre's Salon.  I am a client of Andre, a very meticulous stylist with years and years of cutting and coloring experience.  He truly listens to me when I want to switch things up, offers suggestions and tips, and is in the know with current trends.  In fact, he also serves as a mentor for other stylists who wish to understand the ins and outs of the business.  The salon's location is ideal (walking distance to Scottsdale Quarter and Kierland on Greenway-Hayden Loop) and it is truly a beautiful place architecturally.  From the moment you're greeted by the friendly receptionists to the time when you leave your stylist's chair, you won't be disappointed.
5	Omg the best cut I have ever had!!! Marissa is wonderful she took a photo of what I wanted and customized it for me. I have had waste length hair since grade school and just went short. The cut meets all my needs quick to style, versatile, easy and low maintenance! I couldn't be happier! My husband who is a die hard long hair man even loves it!  If you go ask for marissa!!! You won't be sorry!
5	As a professional my haircut is important to me. I can't afford to look sloppy, so why mess around?? There is no need.  I have been going to Danielle for years and have thought every hair cut looked better than the last.  My dad is a barber and I can be acutely aware of any mistake that is made.  Danielle is always on point with my cut, and I never have to worry about it. Sometimes she walks me through a few cuts to get the right look as my hair grows out.  Sometimes she cuts it close.  I never worry that it will look good. I would not even consider another place, and I tell everyone I know they should call and book an appointment.  Can't recommend it enough actually.
5	Such a beautiful salon!! Quite the upgrade from other places I have been. My hairstylist is Shadi and he is absolutely wonderful. I had found him a few years back through a Living Social deal when he was at another salon. I was so impressed I kept him as my stylist. After getting pregnant, it was difficult for me to keep up on my hair and I fell out of touch with him. Just recently he sent out an email to his clients letting us know he had moved to a brand new salon named Dre's. I quickly set up an appointment with him. When I got to the salon, (which was super easy to find and had parking available) the girl at the front greeted me, called to let Shadi know I was there, and then offered me a water or a cappuccino. I was so impressed, it was clean, modern, and very chic. I have already booked my next appointment!
5	I live in Biltmore and trek 25 minutes to get my haircut by Kasey.  She is amazing and the only person I have met who has consistently cut my bangs and hair at or beyond my expectations.  I'm a stickler when it comes to my bang trim as I usually end up looking like a anime character 99% of the time.  Thus, typically after a hair-cut, there is a period of adjustment that usually starts with confusion, whiny/frowny face-making, denial and then acceptance.  Meanwhile I end up tugging my bangs hoping they will grow out.  However, every haircut I have had with Kasey has been awesome from the time I step out of the salon. I recently purchased a Groupon at another salon closer to me that was expiring and left that salon with a blunt haircut and super thick bangs (think Moe from 3 Stooges).  Needless to say, I don't think I will be straying too far from Dre Salon again.  :)I forgot to mention that Kasey does a great balayage!  I was skeptical at first since I have pretty dark Asian hair but it came out gorgeous and did not dry out my hair.  The salon itself is really nice (I wish I had a better adjective here)!  And being a type A/organization freak, I really appreciate their email and text reminders and top-notch customer service.  :)
5	I went to Dre's because I found a fabulous offer on Groupon for the stylist Tyler James. I am looking to find a permanent hair salon and stylist - but I was not in a rush. Tyler was amazing! I have EXTREMELY long hair (almost to my bottom!) and Tyler asked me why I have my hair sooo long... we got to talking and he convinced me I should think about trying a shorter cut (shorter - but still very long). I told him let's do it! And he made my hair look fabulous! I have not had my hair this short in a very very long time and I hated it the first time I had this length. He gave me beautiful layers and framing to keep my hair long but light and airy. I haven't had volume like this in my hair before! He was so helpful and honest in his opinions of what I could do with my hair- it was very nice. The whole salon was gorgeous and everyone there was extremely nice and courteous. If you are looking for a new stylist Tyler James at Dre's is fantastic, nice, humorous and does an amazing job. Thank you Tyler!!!
5	My Esthetician Lindsey is Awesome!!! I always leave her feeling Amazing. She helps me maintain my complexion with DermaPlaning and recommending great products!  Thanks Linds!!!
5	Kerry Mitchell  is an amazing stylist and color consultant. She is very savvy and can help you to realize your hair's full potential. If you are looking for a great stylist and a beautiful salon, you have come to the right place. You won't be sorry!
5	The wonderful and talented Kerry Mitchell - the Thin Hair Whisperer is now working her magic at Dre's.  Her talents with the razor are remarkable.  Ladies if you have thinning hair and want it to look the best it can, you need to visit Kerry.  She is equally talented with other styles as well.  This tres picky client HIGHLY recommends her!
5	The moment I saw this salon I just had a good vibe  about it--and I was right! It's a beautiful, bright and clean salon. The receptionists were very friendly. But most importantly, Tyler James was an amazing stylist. He spent a good 10 minutes with me discussing what I had in mind before getting to work   The cut and highlights he gave me were even  better than I had envisioned. My hair is tough to work with, so that's saying a lot.  Since moving here five years ago, I've been to quite a few salons. Thinking this will be my last stop!
5	Nikki Olson is my go to stylist for my cut, color and hair extensions!! She is by far the best stylist I have received service from and I plan on sticking with her forever! I have had many hair horror stories and when I had hair extensions put in for the first time not by Nikki they lasted a week. I was so disappointed until I saw Nikki and she transformed my hair into long gorgeous locks! I have difficult hair for extensions but she never fails to fix them up without hesitation!  She has great style and technique.  I am a blonde and it seems hard for stylists to master it but I love her blonde!. She is personable and very professional! I have sent family and friends to her and they are not disappointed! I get so many compliments on my hair and owe it all to her!
5	Nikki Olson is awesome. I went to her for the first time to get extension put in. She is extremely friendly and professional. She went above and beyond to make sure I was treated well. She did an amazing job and I could not be happier. She is extremely talented and went over everything with me to make sure it was going to fit my needs. I have never been treated this good before from a stylist and highly recommend her. I do not ever do reviews and I  am usually very picky but this girl is awesome and everyone needs to know! She is someone who listens and provides clients with what they want. Thanks again Nikki -Jenna J :)
4	Trying to find a great hairstylist is like searching for the perfect pair of jeans.  There are okay stylists (and jeans) and then there is Tyler.  He's talented with scissors and knows what he's doing!  I admire his passion for his work and making his clients happy.
1	Why sell groupons when you don't have hours to accommodate people who have jobs and also no appoints available for 3 weeks. What a scam!
1	After reading so many glowing reviews, I was completely convinced I had found my forever salon. I've jumped around between many salons in the past because I never felt like hairdressers really understood what I wanted. I went to Dre's several weeks ago and I initially felt like I was in the right place. The salon is bright, new and really beautiful. Everyone was so nice (I can't stress this enough) and greeted me as soon as I walked in. When I first sat in the chair and showed pictures of what I wanted, I thought me and the hairdresser were on the same page. I wanted brighter, non-foiled highlights in a really ashy tone. We discussed extra face framing highlights as well. My hair was pretty gold and had grown out highlights, so it looked almost like an ombre going in. The color job was quick and I only processed for a very short time (as a person who has had my hair bleached countless time, this should have been a major red flag). Once she started drying it (after a trim), I was so puzzled... it looked exactly the same as when I walked in. I thought maybe it was the lighting, or my eyes, because she said it looked so much better than before. Usually when I don't like something I can say it right away, but this time I was simply at a loss for words. The girl was so nice! I'm an idiot for not saying SOMETHING. I was recommended two (expensive) products and was swiftly checked out and on my way, to the tune of $185(!) with tip. By the way, both products are garbage. Not one person noticed I got my hair done. NOT ONE. And the people that did know I was getting my hair done all said "It looks exactly the same", so I guess it wasn't just me. I still have golden highlights with my ashy (real) roots. Actually, the one (yes, one) new highlight I can see is my brassiest one. It's like the color you get from at-home bleaching...ugh. and of course it's at the front of my head so I have to hide it by being crafty with my part.I will not be returning and am going to a different salon in hopes of getting bright blonde color I've had before... Bummed :(
4	I was referred to Dre's Salon by a co-worker. My stylist, Marisa, just so happens to come from my hometown, which gave me instant comfort.  Marisa is very knowledgeable about hair care, and she showed me how to wear my hair naturally curly, and she suggested great products to keep my hair from frizzing.  Since moving to the desert, my hair gets very dry, very fast.  Thankfully, now I have a new summer 'do, which is care-free and heat-free.  I plan to go back soon to add a splash of color!
5	Tyler James was awesome! Very confident in his work and rightfully so. I've never really dyed my hair before and was so apprehensive but I trusted him immediately and just new he would do a good job.
4	I went to Dre's because I was recommended by one of my girlfriends. The lovely Danielle cut and primped my hair exactly the way I wanted it. It was such a great experience to finally find a stylist that truly knows how I like it. Danielle gave me a quick tour of the place because its a new location for them and it's nice. It's very well thought out to make you feel that you are at a high-end salon. Which is always nice, a little slice of hair paradise to be in there. It was a bit pricey, but I will continue to pay the extra dollars to be blown away with happiness with every visit. Another great aspect of this is that they use my favorite brand of product, Kerastase from Paris. Love, Love, Love this product. It does wonders to your hair. I was offered to have my hair styled and cut by another beautiful girl, but I don't want to take a chance with anyone but Danielle. Even my boyfriend mentioned that it looks great, and he never cares about my hair. So with that being said, That made all the difference to me! Ill be back soon ladies! :)
5	I have been going to Kerry Mitchell for over 5 years now for my haircuts and color.  She is absolutely fabulous, in everyway.  If you are looking for a superb hair stylist, I highly recommend her.  I always leave feeling like a million dollars.  She always goes above and beyond for all of her clients.  She is a true rock star!!!  Call her at Dre's.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
5	Amazing salon.  Love it here!  Everyone is so nice and helpful and the decor is beautiful.  Andre is such a gifted stylist/colorist.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my hair and continue to have my hair done by Andre even though I moved to California 4 years ago!  Haven't found anyone who layers hair as well as he does.  Highly recommend!
5	Tried this place out because there was a great Groupon deal. I walked in with hair to my bottom and some granny grays and left with almost 10 inches less and a beautiful color. Feels great, light and hopefully will now hold a curl. Tyler James was my stylist.  He created his own product line called Loyal.T. I did purchase the thickening spray but in no way felt like he was pushing product.  I am a busy chica who is all about the quick hair fixes so I was very grateful when he showed me a fast way to curl my hair. Love the color, love the hair. I will be back. Its totally worth the drive!
1	Suffice it to say that Tyler has more confidence than skill.
5	I had the best Vegan facial I have ever had by Carmen Cherry. She is truly the best esthetician I have ever had or encountered. Her professionalism and warm personality made my experience outstanding!
5	Carmen Cherry is my eyelash extension specialist and aesthetician. She is simply put: Amazing. Having moved here from another state in late 2013, I needed to find a new lash specialist and was so fortunate to find Carmen! Carmen is the third lash extension expert I have gone to and she is hands down the best. She takes her time to give you a really full, lush set on every fill. I always leave feeling so satisfied with her work and so grateful to have such a talented person do my lashes. She is the utmost professional. Her prices are beyond reasonable and she values her repeat clients and demonstrates this by keeping her rate consistent for those who schedule every three to four weeks for a lash fill. The salon is beautiful, bright and fresh. Carmen's professional space is private, cozy, and relaxing. She creates an atmosphere where you can go and relax and enjoy doing something positive for yourself. Carmen has also done dermaplaning on my face and that was a fantastic experience. My skin has never felt so good and that is a huge compliment. Possibly the most important aspect of Carmen is who she is as a person. She is warm, kind, funny, smart and it just feels good to be there, hanging out with her, getting lashes done or a facial or whatever. I cannot recommend her work enough. She is a perfectionist in the best sense of the word!
5	Kerry Mitchell don't waste you time with anyone else. She is the best. She will tell you if your ideas are not the right ideas,,,, and she is always right. I get so many compliments on my hair after going to her. Oh and she is nice and funny, and if your a guy, she is nice to look at
5	Kerry Mitchell is the best of the best!!   She made time for me at the very last minute as I was getting ready to head out of town for vacation.   I am a blonde - purely by much needed help and chemicals!!   Kerry did overall hi-lights, hid my gray and the results are fabulous!!  She is very kind, funny and yet she is direct so that you know she is providing you with exactly what she believes will be the best for you.  I also loved that she showed me how to style my hair to get the results I was seeking.   The salon is also a plus.  It is comfortable, bright and open.  Go see Kerry - she is a Rockstar!!  You will love her and you will love your hair!!
5	Hadley has been my Esthetician for years. She gives the most relaxing facials and is extremely knowledgeable about skin products. You must treat yourself! You will be so thankful you did!
5	Highly recommend Peter at Dres Salon!  Been going to him for a few years now and he's always professional yet personable, on time, and makes really good, consultative recommendations on any changes to your hair care/look.  I'm not always easy to please and Peter takes the time and care to make sure that my hair looks it's best before I leave.  Definitely recommend!
5	Love this salon! Have always had a great experience. Their staff is super nice! I have had my hair cut and colored by Marissa many times and love her dearly! she does awesome, funky color. I just recently had a facial and it was fabulous too! Definitely worth a try if you are in north Scottsdale!
5	Great salon with up to date stylists.  Love Kasey for hair and Lindsey gives an incredible facial!
5	First time visitor and I highly recommend! The staff and hair stylist were very welcoming and nice! I only had to have extensions taken out this visit but will definitely return once back in town. A++
5	Great salon... Clean & knowledgeable staff. Had cut and color with Theresa.. Great Job on both ... Up with current trends. Will be back & highly recommend her! Trendy salon
