4	Hawaiian Style Poke is an awesome hidden little gem. Its on Wynn, just south of Spring Mountain. They carry fresh poke and they make it in small batches (I'm assuming so its fresher). They don't have a huge variety. But they have the basics. Tako poke and ahi. They also have a spicy ahi and an oyster sauce ahi. The oyster sauce ahi is kind of gimicky to me. Like anything drenched in oyster sauce is good. But it is good. The tako poke is so good. The very first time I had it, it was so tender, nicely seasoned, and the ogo (limu, or seaweed) was so fat and crunchy. The next few times I had it, the tako was still yummy, but the ogo was all sad and small. The seafood is fresh considering we live in the middle of BFE. And the prices are reasonable. Like a pound of tako poke is $10.99. They also sell opihi, poi, haupia, a varitey of Hawaiian kine snacks (like taro chips and kaki mochi), t-shirts, and stickers to sticker up the back of your Tahoe like all the Hawaiians that move from 808 to the 702. Okay, seriously though, not all people from Hawaii have to sticker up their cars. People don't actually do it as much in Hawaii. Its only after they've moved away. But a lot of them have to make it known that they're from the greatest place on Earth. Get over it. You don't live there anymore. MOVE ON. I always see the same two Hawaii guys working the counter. They're both really nice and happy to answer your questions. There's street parking or parking around the corner in the alley. I never see a lot of people in here, but the counter guys says they've been busy. Good. I hope they stick around. If business is threatened, I'll single-handedly support them. * off the strip, non-casino
5	I came across the original review while googling for some good poke in the Aloha Valley. I decided to check Hawaiian Style Poke out!This place is great! The poke is fresh and delicious; definitely the best poke I've had on the mainland so far! I picked up a pound, and returned later that afternoon to buy two more pounds for work the next day! The guys that work there are super; there was no more Spicy Ahi in the tray and they whipped up a couple of pounds fresh on the spot, just for me!The price isn't dirt cheap, about $10.99/lb, but it's about the average price of some decent poke back on the islands, which makes it a pretty good deal! I highly recommend dropping by this place, and will be telling all my island friends here about it!
3	Considering I had been getting my poke from Whole Foods before, this place is a godsend.  I've only been once so far and got the spicy ahi, shoyu ahi, and kimchee tako.  Everything was good - we liked spicy the best.A friend told me that this is not technically fresh but "flash frozen" and I forgot to ask them about it when I went in there.  I'll be going back for sure and when I do I'll be trying the Poi and I'll find out about the flash frozen.Parking across the street or risk a ticket by parking right in front. Also I heard they had some kind of butter shortbread cookies or something that are supposed to be the bomb but they ran out when I went there.
3	Closed on Wednesdays, closed on Wednesdays, closed on Wednesdays...Gotta remember that.  That's the second time I've gone there to find it closed!  :(
3	After almost going on a Wednesday, AGAIN, I finally made it when it's open. Poke still good.  Yes the fish is "flash frozen" on the boat which is why it's so fresh.Still no cookies  :(Kimchi tako and spicy ahi my favs.
5	Best poke in town!! Glad I do not live too close to this place or I would be there way too much.
5	I first notice this place when I was shopping in Ranch 99 but I never got the chance to actually go into the store and check whether if the poke is fresh. So one day, I just got up from the couch and drove to Hawaiian Style Poke. And boy, I was gleefully surprised at the selection of poke that they have. My favorite is Shoyu poke. $5 for half a pound is pretty damn good price. And the fish is so goooooooooooooood and fresh! From then on, I would occasionally visit as much as possible and try out their other styles of poke. Now if you like raw sashimi mixed in wonderful, exotic seasoning.. then this is the store you must visit!PS. They close on TUESDAYS now. Not Wednesday!
4	I had a craving for some poke last night so this morning I drove my hungover ass down to Chinatown to get the perfect hangover cure... sashimi. The store was much smaller than I expected but exceptionally clean and the service was quick and friendly. I bought a pound of the spicy ahi poke (weighed in a little over a pound at $10.95/lb) and paid 12 bucks even. As soon as I got home I tore straight into the tub. While there were only a few selections to choose from, the fish was very fresh and not overly marinated. Since this place is just down the street for me I'm going to have to go back and sample more until I get that dreaded mercury poisoning :)4 Stars, I wish they had more selections. Next stop, Poke Express!
5	Hands down the best poke I've had in town!  Super fresh and really friendly service!
4	I have never seen a place like Hawaiian Style that has poke readily available. It's deli style where you are able to get poke by the pound. Prices are very decent. About 10.95 a pound. There are a several choices of poke such as spicy ahi poke and tako poke. Both of which I've got. Mind you.. I'm not an expert in poke but this was freakin' delicious!The ahi was cut into bite size morsels and tasted very fresh! The tako delivered the right amount of flavor. You must try the place!
5	I've been a repeat customer at Hawaiian Poke. If I had an iPhone I probably would have checked in here 4 times this past week. This is still my go to place for a healthy snack when hungover.My first review I gave them 4 stars but having been there several more times and finally noticing the menu that they have on the upper left wall by the entrance, I realized they made other styles of poke to order.From my experience there is usually about 1 to 2 pounds of poke in any given tray in the morning as soon as they open. I guess this is to ensure freshness if business is slow, but the fish has never tasted bad to me before. In the afternoon around 2, the trays are usually depleted but don't be alarmed, you can ask them to whip up a batch.  Today I bought a pound of spicy ahi (not the mayo with masago kind) and a limu style. Love the limu style with the seaweed things to make it crunchy.Also note, $5 minimum order to use credit cards, but who just wants a 1/4 pound of tasty tuna?
5	I just got back from Maui last week and had great poke while there. I've been craving some poke hardcore since then but honestly I've always been scared to try this place. Poke in the desert? Plus I figured there's no way it could live up to the poke I had in Hawaii (oh yeah and I'm a bratty fish snob to boot!).Well folks, this is honestly Hawaiian quality poke. Yeah it's *slightly* tastier in Maui, but not by much. The fish was so fresh tasting. YUM. The place was uber clean. No weird smells, no chewy fish. YAY!!They had about 5 types of poke and then some fun containers they make themselves (I wanna try the seaweed salad next time!), plus they had warm spam/rice they had just wrapped up. Lots and lots of fun Hawaiian drinks, foods, shirts, etc, etc. A tiny place, but lots of goodies hiding all over the place!I had a 1/4 lb of Garlic Poke and 1/4 lb of Shoyu Poke ($10.95/lb) and tried my friend's limu poke. All were incredible!! The fish was the star, but it was perfectly salted and the onions were so fresh and crisp too. They have a cute little bench area outside that's shaded where you can eat your lunch if you can't wait till you get home. Drink were reasonable too $.65 - $2 or so. This is definitely going into my weekly rotation - cheap , healthy, and tasty - LOVE IT. Thanks yelp for the killer find.
5	In search of some soup to cure a long night's partying in Vegas my friends and I randomly chose a Thai noodle house.  As we approached the door we noticed a poke restaurant.  Ooooh that sounded good but not at the moment, hangovers and raw fish probably don't match too well.My friend returned to the restaurant and described it as it being a deli, akin to a sandwich shop.  He picked up a pound of poke, not sure exactly which style, and some steamed rice.  Fresh, flavorful, and authentic is what flashed through my senses.  One pound was not enough for as I had to hold back in order to share.I'll be back in a couple months and look forward to wiping out their school of fish with my appetite.
4	You'd hardly notice this little place if you weren't looking for it.  It's tucked back just off of Spring Mt. road....  near the barber shop I've been going to lately.  I had seen a couple reviews of the place and decided to stop in after my last cut.  I went with a pound of the spicy ahi and a half pound of the limu style ahi.  The guy made up a fresh batch of the spicy ahi for me.  The fish definitely tastes great...  the spicy definitely has some decent heat to it.... although I think it was a little saltier than it needed to be.  The limu style tasted great too...  loved the little bits of onion and the difference in texture.  I'll probably check this place out again... most likely after a stop at the barber shop.  Just wish they had a little bit longer hours...
5	Just went here last month for the first time every..can you believe it and I'm from Hawaii and it took me for ever's to find a place like this.  OH Man, this place has Ono limu poke, kimchi poke, well You name it and it's got it.  SOOOO ONO!  A little pricey, but then again Good Poke is worth it and hey fish is expensive to get to Vegas.  So worth it!  They also have pipi kaula (dried seasoned meat) kinda like Hawaiian style jerky.  Oh man when a place sells this mean, all you need is some Lomi Lomi, poke and poi..That is what I call taking me back Local style. Now if I can only find someplace like this in Denver?.....hmmm...
5	This place rules. They took super good care of us and stayed open for us as we made our way out to them before driving back to LA. Their garlic ahi poke is ridiculous man! I love that they use sesame seed in their mix too and nice big slices of red and white onion along with green onion.Super ono guys! Quality cuts of Ahi. Its a must have if your in Vegas and miss your Poke.
5	Definitely worth a stop when in Vegas. Just left of Spring Mountain Road past I-15 at Wynn Road in Chinatown, this is a real Hawaiian treat. The ahi selections include the usual shoyu, spicy, garlic, etc. varieties.  They alternate selections but Dennis, friendly owner, will make you other varieties as well. I especially like their tako (octopus) selections. Very tender - better than I had in Oahu. There's this spicy ahi version with mayo that's also very good. The shop also sells the requisite Hawaiian Sun beverages, as well as other Hawaiian snack foods.  A simple place, but how often do you get the feeling of Ohana in Las Vegas, and great poke to boot?!  As of this writing all pokes were under $12/lb.
5	Very good and fresh poke. When you walk in doesn't look like much, but they'll make a fresh batch if it's running low. Glad I heard about this place from the locals at the Cal. Worth the stop for my poke fix going back to Cali. YUM.
5	This place is outstanding!  My third visit there and service and quality remain top notch.  Dennis already remembers me and treats me like a friend. The fish is flown in often perhaps weekly.  Somehow he manages to retain its freshness.  He only makes a little at a time so the taste is always fresh.  And if he's out of something he'll whip it up for you in a jiff.  This trip we had the Garlic Ahi, Ogo Ahi, Shoyu Ahi, and Spicy Ahi.  All fresh with fresh ingredients.  All seven of us agree that they all were great.  Better than most I've had in Hawaii which just makes it better.  A must stop if you're in Vegas and in need of some good Poke.  Mahalo Dennis for making us feel welcome.  A hui ho!
5	Poke! Poke! Poke! Who would have thought that I would find yummy poke in the desert of Las Vegas! I have yelp to thank for that...because Hawaiian Style Poke pops up on my yelp app and I just had to get some poke before I left! First off, DO get POKE here!! Second off, do not follow the directions on google maps on the phone. Because it says that it's behind the palms hotel which is a load of crock. It's actually located on the other side of Wynn Rd. at Chinatown. Towards Spring Mountain Rd. Thirdly, this is not a sit down restaurant. It's a take out deli, but instead of sandwiches they sell POKE! They have ahi poke and tako poke, all made fresh daily! I was able to try the Limu ahi poke, shoyu ahi poke and the tako limu poke! All were so good. My favorite of the three was the shoyu poke...but next time I'm trying the spicy garlic poke! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=o6i23tiQnEs6Z2KMvx91egah...poke! Poke! POke! POKe! POKE! POKEEEEE!
5	DAMN SKIPPY!!!  This has got to be "THE BEST" poke place next to Tamura's on Waialae Ave in Honolulu!  Since I'm no longer in Hawaii nei, I can have it come to me!  All this via the local kine owners from Hawaii bringing their fish fresh from the islands!  From what my husband has told me in his conversations w/"the man," they fly to the islands often for their fish, not sure if he fishes himself, or if he buys it there.  But, hey!  I will take poke any way I can get it...and it's pronounced (po-kay) for those of you who don't understand this review, no insult intended.FRESH, Broke Da Mout' poke!  And at the same price as in Hawaii!  They also have many other items on their menu, including pipikaula, poi, haupia!  Check also for other store items such as Hawaii novelty merchandise, ie, bumper stickers, cookies, etc.  Having this for pupus always puts me in my "happy place" here in the desert!  AHHHH~~~!!
5	I have been patronizing this fabulous hole in the wall since we left Pukalani, Maui.  It is the only Tako Poke that is as good as Pukalani Superette.  I took 10 pounds of Limu and Tako to a party the other night and it evaporated.  The 9th island contingent form Henderson is willing to drive across the 15 to get poke this good.  They won't even cross the 15 to visit, but when it comes to poke they all wanted the address.  The whole family is never disappointed.  The only disappointment is that they are closed on Tuesday.  Every flavor and variety is beyond delicious.
5	Fresh poke of all sorts! Definitely will always be a scheduled stop when I am in Vegas. Spicy ahi is hot but yummy, put a little mayo in it for a creamier taste.
5	I've never been to Hawaii so I have no way to compare but based on other placed I've tried from recommendations of my Hawaiian friends, this place is awesome. Very fresh and clean looking. I'm definitely going back every chance I get when I'm on that side of town or the area.
3	I was disappointed by HSP. I remember reading glowing reviews about the place last year and have had it bookmarked ever since. In the interim, I have been to Poke Express several times and have loved it every time. Unfortunately, HSP falls slightly short of PE. I don't know if it's inflated expectations or what. The fish quality seems ever-so-slightly better at PE and I also enjoyed the flavors more at PE.I'm giving three stars because there's nothing inherently wrong with HSP's offerings. If I'm in the Chinatown area, I wouldn't mind getting poke there again. Lucky for me, PE is closer to work.
4	Some damn good Ahi Poke. I got the spicy poke and the spicy garlic poke. The fish is incredibly fresh, and is cut in large chunks. One tip would be to go light on the soy, it can get a bit salty by the end.
3	No comparison to Poke Express, sorry. I wanted to like it because its closer. The fish had no taste and tons of onions. The people at Poke Express are very friendly and these people-not so much. We waited at least 5 minutes with no greeting while they were busy talking to people and doing stuff behind the counter before we were even acknowledged. I won't be back.
3	So I have heard about poke for awhile and have wanted to try it since I do enjoy my share of sushi and sashimi on the regular. So I stopped by here one day and told the lady I've never had poke before and what she thought was best. She gave my a little of a spicy one and a little of a garlic one. It was good but in my opinion it was so salty it gave me a little bit of a stomach ache. I believe the fish was fresh and the flavor was good, just not for me. My sister happened to be with me and she grabbed two of their spam masubi and she loves it her only complaint was the the slice of spam was a bit thin and the chunk of rice was huge.
4	I didn't even know this was here until Yelp. I've been craving poke and decided to try this new place out. There isn't a inside seating, but outside there are some stone tables and benches. It was way too hot today so the inside of the car was our lunch table.The BF and I got about half a pound of each:Garlic Ahi poke- pretty good. Good garlic flavor and I like the two kinds of onions in it plus green onions. We asked for a little spice and there was pieces of chilies thrown in it. Wasabi Ahi Poke- this had a creamy sauce base, onions and a bit of green onion. This was no joke wasabi. I complain that most wasabi poke just mix a tiny bit for flavor into some shoyu and call it a day. I like that they aren't afraid to give you wasabi here and I like the creaminess, BUT this was seriously overpowering. I love wasabi, but this was my nasals and eye ducts were burning at every bite experience. Even with taking bites with the other poke and some rice it was a bit much so I tried to scrape some of the cream off. Maybe gonna ask them to go a little lighter next time and mix.Limu Ahi Poke- fairly good, but lacking something for me..I should have asked for a little dab of shoyu to open up the flavor. For those who love the bits of limu- they are generous about putting a lot here. Poke is $10.95 and can be ordered in sizes as small as a 1/4th container to a big ol' bucket. I got a package of rice ($2) to go with the poke. We also got some Arizona Green Teas and I've never seen "Extra Sweet" version of it but they have that here... (is that a Hawaiian thing?). For dessert, some LiHingMui covered peach gummis ($1.75) from their small selection of Hawaiian snacks. I am a big fan of Poke Express (Craig Rd.)  and they are compared all the time on reviews. After trying it here, I would say they are different. The fish is about the same freshness and the way they season their poke isn't even close to being the same so it's about taste preference. Taste preference wise, I think I learn towards Poke Express overall. However, I think this place is good so I want to try more of what they have to offer and revisit a lighter version of the wasabi.
1	Dont bother to go after 1pm, there was hardly any poke left. Just a spoon full here and a spoon full there. Most containers were empty. I was really excited to try the poke for lunch, but was disappointed it was all gone. The person behind the counter did even acknowledge us when we walked in. After checking it out we walked right back out and went some where else for lunch. :o(
4	I can't give it five stars because it's the first time I've had poke but I love this little shop.  They let me try a couple types and told me how to enjoy it:  as a pupu with a beer!...which is what I'm doing now.  I got the spicey garlic and it is perfectly hot.
4	We stumbled upon this place when we were in Chinatown and glad we did!Poke was fresh and so yummy! Spicy poke had a great amount of flavor! We tried the Ginger Poke too and that was not bad.
5	The furikake was by far the tastiest. We tried all 5 varieties that they had available. Definitey will be back!We were expecting the restaurant to have seating and there was none inside.  We were really hungry when we went, so we ended up sitting at the picnic tables outside the resturant.  The only downside is that after eating a pound or so of various poke, is that I was VERY parched, as there was a lot of sodium/soy sauce used.
3	In an attempt to avoid the craziness on the strip while still eating fresh sushi-grade sashimi, we ventured out to the "Chinatown" of LV and found Hawaiian Style Poke. It's quite a small shop, but they don't really need to be much bigger honestly. It's take-out mostly anyway. They have a few different styles of poke including shoyu, oyster sauce, plain, spicy, etc. We ended up a few different varieties along with some rice, spam musabi and Hawaiian Sun drinks. It was quite a big lunch actually.Service was warm as you'd expect from a Hawaiian joint.Parking is odd... street or just park across the street real quick and head on back.All in all, A-ok.
4	People here are extremely nice, which is the reason why I upped this an extra star. Poke here though is a bit mediocre. I do have a quick little theory though about the fact that this place wasn't as good as the other Poke I've been too here in Vegas, well the thing is, we came in here about 10 minutes before this place was about to close. But if you own a poke spot you're expected to have fresh fish all the way up to when you close, so I can't really use that too much of an excuse. Just like I said this place is great though, people that run this tiny poke spot are really really courteous, nice, and everything else that goes along those lines of words.We ordered the usual stuff just more of it because we just came here right before we left back home to the bay. We came here to bring a bunch of poke because we don't have anything like that around the bay. Anyways we had the squid, ahi garlic, and pretty much all the other ahi flavors. I might come back here and give this place another shot just because how awesome the owners are here and my theory about coming to this place late might be right.Owners keep up the friendly service. Service really matters when coming to any place!
5	My favorite poke, the fish is fresher tasting than other poke in town.Spicy, garlic, and shoyu are my favorites.Limu was good and I liked the texture the best but taste of the other ones better.Have yet to try wasabi. Worth every penny, will be back again!
4	Great place to get good quality poke..
5	I have been wanting to try out this place out for a while now.  I finally got the opportunity this weekend to check this place out.  Located in the heart of Chinatown, this place didn't disappoint. You can tell by the colour of the poke that it is made fresh daily.  Actually they make them throughout the day as different flavors run low.  I tried the limu poke and the shoyu limu poke today.  They both were quite good.  Although their prices of the poke just went up March 1, it is still not a bad place to come for some authentic Hawaiian poke.  Will come back again whenever I need a poke fix.
4	I go back every time whenever I go to Vegas~ Yummy~~Tip: if you want a bigger portion of rice which is cheaper, please drive to the plaza opposite to it and get one order from Sam Woo~Then enjoy the pole rice combo! :)
4	Where can you get Hawaiian style tuna poke in the middle of the desert? This place! I love pretty much all the products they have here. You can't go wrong with their poke and I love their spam musubi. The fish here are always fresh and it's a really great treat for tuna lovers.
5	Went here for lunch recently after reading all the good reviews and was not disappointed. Everything I had tasted so fresh and they also sell Red Bull which automatically gets them an extra star!We got there around 11:30 but a lot of the trays were running low (maybe they were still prepping for the day?). They had the limu which I wanted to try so I wasn't too bummed. The fish tastes very fresh and since it is marinating in the sauce it has more flavor right away (unlike Island Sushi). Also got the Kim Chi cucumber and seaweed salad and they were both really good. If this place were closer to my house I would come here at least once a week! Highly recommend!!
4	Good fresh fish, but they never have the kimchi sauce for their kimchi flavored items, which is the main reason i go, but still very good
5	Place is really small no dine in.... But it sure is the best Poki in Vegas hands down.Love this place.. Price is very resonable.
5	How have I never known this place was in existence until now? This was a random yelp adventure of mine, it was close to work and been curious on on all the smaller businesses that weren't facing Spring Valley (I found some good finds before on Wynn Road, so figured I'd swing by this place).Please be aware this is *not* a dine-in restaurant!I was taken aback by this when I came in, but this seems to be a family owned business (closed on Tuesdays, random day to be closed!) Their selection is small, but what makes up in little quantity goes for A LOT of quality in what they have. You can choose which sizes you want to take to-go (which makes the beauty of this place so worthwhile, you are able to order a half size and even 1/4 size for a very reasonable price!) I went with the 1/2 size of spicy tuna and limu, with a little container of rice (you can do a combination of different ones to switch it up!)For $10 I dined on an excellent lunch of ahi poke. I'm astounded by how affordable it is, not to mention I feel this is much better than any sushi bar I've ever been in (it's literally like making your own sashimi sushi at home or on the go!) Cheaper than any sushi bar, and you get more for your buck. Plus, family owned businesses are always more hospitable! I don't know if the lady I spoke with was the owner, but she was incredibly helpful and enthusiastic about any questions I have!This is definitely one of my new favorite hideaway places in Chinatown!
5	Plain and simple...get your Poke from here. Always fresh and great. Aloha Nui Loa. Nick
4	Poke was on the extensive list of foods that some college friends and I wanted to try, but never did. When I found Hawaiian Style Poke, I felt guilty at first, but that went away once my stomach took control of any thought. Sorry about that, friends. Kinda... no, not really, I take that apology back.About the somewhat hidden location, it's neatly tucked into the side that borders Wynn Rd and is across the street from 99 Ranch. There's parking in the front or on the street, but sometimes it's difficult and frustrating to manage. I parked in Chinatown Plaza and walked over.At first glance, their selection seems limited and looks like there isn't much poke left, but I'd take quality over quantity any day. Also remember that it's deli-style and there isn't an indoor dining area, so you'll be taking your order to go. They sell the poke per pound and have smaller 1/4 or 1/2 pound containers for those who want single portions. With my order ringing up to $8 at 1/2 pound, I could hardly wait to take my poke home to devour.Back to the important stuff: the poke. Mmm spicy ahi poke. Fiery enough to feel the burn while still being able to relish the fresh tuna! The fish was cut up into bite-sized pieces and mixed with the right amount of chili oil, sesame seeds, and onions. Usually, I'm not a big fan of raw onions, but they were a little sweet and provided a crunchy contrast in texture. I liked eating it plain or adding a dash of light soy sauce. Curious about the other types of poke they have, so a future trip is definitely in the works.
5	I really love visiting Vegas because of the Asian food scene,  Hawaiian Poke Style is yet another example why I love coming here.  If you are looking for something authentically Hawaiian that is not the typical lunch plates, this is it.  I had the spicy ahi poke and man is it good.  Don't let the divey appearance scare you, the fish here is fresh and very flavorful.  The poke was as good as any fish you would get from any pricy sushi restaurant.  I am glad I came here at the beginning of my trip because I will definitely revisit it before I leave.
5	Humble storefront. Surprisingly fresh and quality poke, better than anything tried in Hawaii even. Ask for samples before making a decision.  We arrived Monday, mid afternoon, and most of the trays were already empty.No seating; only a few benches outside; but really, this place is formatted like a deli to-go.Parking situation was a bit confusing, but there was plenty of nearby street parking.
4	love this place! fresh poke. just like foodland in hawaii :)
4	Awsome hawaian twist on sashimi
4	Great little poke in the City of Sin!This tiny little place located in the China Town area of LV, is pretty tough to find if you don't pay close attention while driving down Wynn Rd... Once you are here, you will notice that the place is small, unattractive, and simply plain in overall appearance including the cold counter where they they "hold" the pre-marinated pokes...So why did I give it a 4 stars?1)  Flavor!  Love their Spicy Mix Ahi Poke!  Spicy mayo mix all combined with fresh ahi, sesame, green onions and red onions may this poke super delicious!  (Reminded me of those that were in Maui)2)  Freshly made!  Yes... there's not much in the counter, however, all items can be made to order!  Just tell the owner and he will be more than happy to whip some up for you quickly!  And of course, FRESH TOO!!!3)  Decent price!  Price actually cost slightly less than Maui!  So I'm happy to pay for more delicious ahi!4)  Friendly service!  Owner is real cool, real chill, and very nice overall!They have many other varieties of poke to choose from, so I'm sure there is a flavor that suit your tastebuds as long as you are a fan of fresh ahi!Next time you are in town, give this place a try as a nice little appetizer to one of your delicious meals in Vegas... and while you are at it, why not take a picture in front of Floyd Mayweather's boxing gym location just around the corner?
5	Best poke in town. Owners are so friendly.
5	Poke poke poke! If you do something good you don't need have to do anything else. This place does Poke right. Spicy, creamy, salty, they have it all!I am some what addicted, and went here once a week, for the few months I lived in Vegas. This place will always have a special place in my heart.
5	Pure onoliciousness and some funny Hawaiian humor t shirts. When my schedule allowed I used to go there almost every day on my way to work. take a container of rice throw a half lb of spicy poke on top. Winner!
5	I love how they make the poke fresh and in small batches. I always get the Ahi limu poke and the Ahi shoyu poke. I'll have to try the garlic ahi poke the next visit. The location and parking situation  is kind of weird as the store front is on Wynn blvd, but you can park in the shopping center lot and then walk the short distance to the side of the shopping center which is where this place is. Everything tastes so good and satisfies my craving for poke. I am also usually hanging around the chinatown area so this poke store isn't out of my way.
4	This place satisfied my poke craving whenever it hits. The fact that it's not too far from home makes it all the better.I wish I could give them 5 stars but their consistency is never there. The hours listed aren't always how they operate. It's pretty much they are open until they sell out. I wish they had more options and more stock but there's only so much you can do. This isn't a sit down place but more of a stop over and go. The speciality bowl they have with rice and raw fish is a overpriced. I usually order the fish and head home to make a fresh pot of rice. Saves money and ensures a good ratio of rice to fish.
4	During one hot spring day in Chinatown I was STARVING (as always, my metabolism  is ridiculous). Tired of my usual Thai Food fix and wanting to seek something new I find HSP on Yelp. Initial reaction: HOLYSH!T did this just open!? Turns out its located towards the end of the Chinatown Plaza extension on Wynn Rd and Spring Mountain. The lady working told me they've actually been opened for 5 years! I seriously felt like I have been living in a pineapple on the bottom of the sea. I bear crawl my hunger self to there and in front of me was a small shop with smallish quantities of various poke! it must be a good sign that there are small quantities of the poke to maintain the fish freshness. No old poke, yay! I'm not from Hawaii, an islander, or have lived anywhere with fresh off the coast fish, BUT usually I can taste fish funk. In my Shoyu Limu Tuna bowl I had no funk, only delicious fresh poke and warm rice sprinkled with black sesame seeds and only $8ish!Excited to come back and try more.
5	I always get a craving for deli made Poke when I am in Vegas.  Possibly due to the heat and the craving for something cool, flavorful, and with substance?  There seems to be more places offering Poke here than in the Bay Area....Tried the Limu Ahi, Shoyu Ahi, and Spicy Ahi Poke.  All had large fresh chunks of Ahi.  The owner made us a pound of Limu Poke because the deli tray was just emptied for a prior customer.  What great service!Satisfies my large scale appetite for Poke while relatively close to the strip.  Will always visit when in town...
4	Being from Hawaii I was SO happy I found a place that sold poke like places back on the island. So this was a great find. We got the spicy ahi, tako poke, lim and shoyu ahi. All delicious. The ahi was fresh and so yummy! The tako poke was good but I've had better. If you are a tako lover this is not the place for you. But the ahi....love,love it.  The only disappointing thing for us was the boiled peanuts. I was excited that they sold them but they were MOLDY! Could not eat them and I've been so busy I haven't got a chance to return them. That is why one main reason I didn't rank this place so high. How can you sell moldy food? Hoping to give this place another try and hopefully they will redeem themselves. Update***Went again the they were nice enough to replace my moldy boiled peanuts. And now I'm hooked! Need to get my fix of boiled peanuts and now I have some where to go. The tako poke is still eh...I've had better. The pieces are too small. Fish is yummy. A bit on the expensive side but just to get access to poke close to home can't complain too much. Fish = YumOctopus = EhBoiled Peanuts = Yum
5	Stopped by here to pick up poke bowls! We ordered the garlic ahi and the ahi limu poke bowls with rice. Was so delicious we bought a pound of the ahi limu to bring home to los angeles. The owners are down to earth and know how to mix up good poke!
5	From where I live I have to drive across town if I crave Poke. Low and behold there is a store right up the street from me. The flavor was not only awesome, but I have been craving to go back ever since.   Very modest looking store, but don't judge by that. The food is awesome and the prices are good.   Parking can be confusing. Just park across the street and carefully cross over to avoid a possible ticket.    I know where i'm getting lunch today.
3	I think I read all the 4- and 5-star reviews and got my hopes up too high. The lady who worked at the counter couldn't speak English quite well but it's Chinatown so that's expected. The operating hours are interesting (as in, I finally found a way to go when they're actually open) and the store is somehow also a souvenir shop? That was a bit confusing.The price was a bit steep in my opinion, probably only because I'm used to making poke in large batches at home so buying the smaller portions doesn't seem as worth it. The poke itself was quite delicious though. I had the limu poke, shoyu poke and the tako poke, both of which were flavorful and fresh - the tako especially.I would probably go there again but only if I was really craving poke, too lazy to make my own, and down to drop some money.
5	Came in to visit on my Jawaiian friends recommendation, and I gotta say he was right! This place has some delicious, fresh ahi poke! I got the Shoyu Ahi, and a Spicy Ahi Poke bowl. Both selections were really good and made in small batches to keep everything fresh! The poke bowl had some really nice sticky white rice with furikake on top and it was so freaking steaming hot that by the time I got home to eat it some of the tuna got cooked a little! Super Ono!
2	I was very excited to try this place, but I was pretty disappointed. The plaza it's in isn't the easiest to find and parking isn't great. You are basically parking where the shops unload their things. When we came inside the store, they have the display of poke right in front of you. They only had 4 different types of ahi poke so we ended up trying a 1/4 lb of each. What we tried:Spicy Garlic Ahi Poke: So this was the most liked only because it actually tasted like something. It wasn't spicy and you couldn't taste the garlic, but it was visible. I had to dunk it into the sauce that they gave to us.Ahi Limu Poke: limu is the hawaiian word for algae. And like the Spicy Garlic Ahi, you could see the limu, but you couldn't taste it.Spicy Ahi Poke: this was not spicy at all and it looked exactly like the Shoyu Ahi, except that it had white sesame seed and basically tasted the same.Shoyu Ahi Poke: tasted the same as the Spicy Ahi, but instead of white sesame seeds...it had black sesame seed...dunk it into the sauce they give you to taste something!Service:It was okay. It was just 2 workers behind the counter and I'm guessing they were husband and wife? She didn't understand that we wanted 1/4 lb of each of the ahi poke they had in the display case until her husband? explained to her. The 1/4 lb container should be renamed to 1/3 lb container because we ended up paying $24 for the whole thing when it's $15/lb.
4	This was great!  We went in and got a large variety of what was in the bins in the front.  5 stars for the squid salad.  When walking out, I heard the woman who was ordering ask if they had everything on the menu, not just what was out and the man behind the counter said yes.  Kind of bummed to not know that before, especially since we ordered about 8 different things, you would think he would have offered us more variety.  Overall very delicious.
4	I love Poke! I could eat it for breakfast, lunch or dinner as long as I have some rice lolz. I try to pick up poke atleast once a week but damnn its gotten expensive. Its not the owners fault cause the price of tuna has gone up everywhere, so instead of ordering a pound i'll order just half a pound for lunch. My favorite here is the limu poke and limu tako, it taste sooo good. Some days when you come here you'll see fresh fish on display(parrot fish,kala fish) great for grilling. The owners are also very nice people thats why i've been coming here for years.
5	Came here after reading the many reviews on yelp.  Have to say the spicy ahi garlic poke bowl was very good.  The ahi was fresh and flavor reminded of poke I had in Hawaii. This place definitely knows how to make poke.
4	The food was worth the wait.  We arrived during a little rush so the wait was a bit long but the Poke was really good.  Tried the spicy garlic and the ahi limu and both were good.  Spicy garlic was not that hot so i asked if they could spice it up a bit and they happily did it.  Very happy with the service and the food. Definetly will be back.
4	This is the only place you need to know to get Hawaiian Poke. There are NO frills at this place. It feels like a wholesale place and that is just fine. The chef and I think owner is really cool. Get him talking and he'll tell you when he goes fishing and when to come in for the crazy fresh stuff. It's good to go in, taste the poke flavors that are there and get a small portion of two and a portion of rice- simple.It's too bad that there are no seats, but it is really just about the poke. Nice to take the kids and have them pick it out and try it and then eat on the concrete tables outside.So, the nutshell: best pure poke, great "experience" place, closed on Tuesdays so if you accidentally go on a Tuesday, head around the corner to Lee's Sandwich and it will be OK.
5	On vacation from Chicago and yelped areas to eat.  Saw the great reviews for this Hawaiian spot.  Never had Poke so the wife and I decided to give it a shot. We got the Limu and Garlic style poke. They were incredibly fresh tuna chunks with flavorful seaweed.  Extremely tender and refreshing.  The owner was very friendly and will allow you to sample their items before purchase. I am hooked to this place and considering coming back before my trip home. Great job!
5	If you like poke and you're in Vegas, you simply HAVE to try this place. They offer many different types of poke, I tried the limu (Hawaiian seaweed) taco poke and limu ahi poke, they are both extremely delicious. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Very simple and bare bones establishment. I loved the flavor of the spicy ahi poke, great kick.  If I lived nearby, I would totally come back for more. Also, who doesn't love a poke store? There should be one every where.
4	Located across the street of Wynn from Chinatown where 99 Ranch is located, its a small poke joint that is something we need more of in Vegas. They are the ONLY poke place in the central LV area (that i know of) too. So if you arent SE and N, and have poke express accessible, this is the place to go ! They have a large variety of different styles of poke, and if they are out, they'll make more ! Always fresh and wonderfully seasoned. The few times ive been here, i've been trying different ones. To my memory, if it doesnt fail me, ive tried a spicy ahi poke, limu ahi poke, and a shoyu ahi poke. Shoyu Ahi Poke is simple. Seasoned with shoyu, and some chopped green onions. Simple but wonderful.Spicy Ahi Poke is slightly spicy. Seasoned with some chili sauce, chopped green onions and onions. Nice kick. Not too spicy. Limu Ahi Poke is one of the hawaiian poke staples. Limu coming from algae or in other words, seaweed, it adds a nice color attribute, as well as a textural crunchy aspect. Together with the chopped green onions, onions, and sauce.. Yummy !  Good place to check out if you are in the central valley area and craving for some poke like i do sometimes ! Friendly owner ! Only downside is parking. Either park on the side in front of other shops or park across the street by 99 ranch and walk over. But its nothing too bad that would stop you from experiencing some yummy poke !
5	Love that a spot like this exists here. Just a no frills place w a few different types of poke sold by the pound or bowl w rice, just like in Hawaii. Too bad I live in the OC where there are only a hand full of places that even serve it this way, and they all charge a lot more per pound for the fancy decor. Oh, and I waited a day to make sure I didn't get sick before I posted this. It's all good!
5	The BEST poke ive ever had, and im from Hawaii! Its so fresh and delicious =) I like that they don't make a big batch and let it sit out, they make it when you order. The poke bowl is so good and very filling. I love the shoyu poke. Simple but goooood.
1	As a Hawaii local who has been away from the islands for some time I was excited to discover a poke shop here in Vegas. Their claims had reached all my expectations however In the end I found myself disappointed at the quality. They had claimed to have fresh fish but being that i am a fisherman l can tell you it's not as fresh as they claim. It was nothing like hawaii in both taste and preparation. Portion wise I felt ripped off I find them to be a bit greedy at an unreasonable price. For the most part I found this place to be unsatisfying and upsetting imitation to my standard of poke so just a heads up if your expecting it to be like island quality personally it's nothing like hawaii
5	After several years of getting my Vegas poke from this spot hey always improve and never regress.  Best yet is the prices stay very reasonable for the quality that is served.Got there today just before closing and without hesitation I received a Hawaiian style "E Komo Mai" greeting.  We talked for a good while and caught up on past times.  I've always felt welcome here which is always appreciated when I'm away from home.On the menu today was Wakame Poke, an invention by the Mrs. I'm told, which is garnished with sea salt, several types of seaweed, sesame oil, and a few other things I don't know about.   What I do know is that it is ridiculously great!!  The only downside is that I can't get it anywhere else that I know of.Poke is always freshly made and never sits for long.  Most times it's made to order like today.  I've become recently aware they won 3rd place overall in a Poke competition held in Huntington Beach, CA.  Congrats to them for that milestone.Thanks to Hawaiian Style Poke for never disappointing.  See you soon!  A hui ho!
3	Can't give a proper review or rating just yet since I haven't gotten to try anything. The thing is, I was really looking to try some poke AND bring some back to Cali as this was my last pit stop be4 leaving Vegas and they were CLOSED(for inventory supposedly)! It was like 3pm and their hrs say till 5pm. I would think prior to opening or after closing is the time for that. My wife and I and another local walked up at the same time and were pretty disappointed to see them closed. I guess I'll have to wait till my next trip...
3	Was super excited about finally trying this place out based on the ratings and reviews on yelp. I tried 4 different poke and spicy ahi, shoyu, ahi limu, and oyster poke.They were all just okay. I mean they were good but I guess I expected something a lot better.  The spicy ahi wasn't spicy enough for me and I've had better shoyu ahi at other places. You would think a place that only sold poke would be making an amazing product but it was just average.
2	I have definitely experienced better. If you want poke, i suggest going somewhere else. It looked fresh and all but the flavor is just not there. The fish just tasted bland. The Hawaiian style poke was missing something. The spicy garlic and spicy poke were just spicy. IT over power any possible flavors.Not sure how this place got great reviews. location is hidden too. Not the easy to find. Especially if you are a new transplant to vegas. **points to self**This is just my opinion. If you want to go try it out for yourself do it. Not everyone has the same taste buds. Mine just doesn't like this place.
4	Its always nice to find a local spot that has authentic flavors and warm hospitality. I had heard of this place poke-ing around on yelp and decided to give it a try since it's so close to work. I got there an hour before closing, the day after the Pacquiao vs Bradley 2 fight. The owner made me his last customer and whipped up some great poke to-go! This is a great place to cater to a larger party of guests at your house on events or to stop by and grab something light and refreshing for lunch. No tables so don't expect to dine-in.A couple scoops of rice and Ahi does the body good.-SCA
5	The photos don't do this place justice.  It is as good as it gets when it comes to poke.  They are award winning for a reason.  Yummy.
1	Worst poke I had, not Evan close to Hawaiian style, no rice vinegar, too expensive, not worth going, and rice was hot instead of cold like the "real" poke bowls in Hawaii
5	I stumbled upon this place and had to give this place a shout out to my 808 O'Hana - the place to go for your polo needs - I bought a few island style Tank Tops so I can rep my island flavah here in Las Vegas :PIt's a small shop, clean with some good hawaiian accessories, shirts, and hawaiian seafood fare - oh, and spam Musubi to go :)
2	30 May 2014, 11:30aHubby and I decided to try this place after our drive from LA to Vegas.  It got high ratings on Yelp and we were in a poke kind of mood.  The restaurant is easy to find and when we arrived, we were welcomed by a bright open space with a large cooling case with a small selection of poke.  The majority of the space is taken up by the kitchen/behind the counter area.  There is also a small gift case and some chips and other munchies hanging on the wall.  A refrigerator also has some Hawaiian Sun and other drinks.After looking at the Poke Bowl menu, we decided to share:Furikake PokeSpicy Ahi PokeSeaweed SaladWe ordered to go since there wasn't anyplace inside to eat and it was 100 degrees outside.  When we started eating, I noticed that the cold poke was placed on top of hot rice so the bottom of the fish started to cook.  I also noticed there was not much fish and about 5 times as much rice.  The poke bowls are $8.95 and a pound of poke is ~$14.  Based on the amount of fish we got, we would've been much better off ordering by the pound.The seaweed salad was 2oz and $3.95.  Definitely not worth the price.The poke itself wasn't bad, but definitely not worth the price they are charging.  We won't be back.
5	Awesome poke! Always get the ahi shoyu, limu tako, and hanalei poi! Yuuuuummm! Way better than those other poke places! This place tastes like home! Always friendly service and awesome poke. We go there at least once a week! Love it!
5	After coming back from eating a lot of ahi poke in kaua'i I found this place on yelp.  I go there and it looks like they are sold out.  Dennis the owner said he can make it to order so I order three pounds spicy, shoyu, and limu.  So far I ate about a pound and a half and I would say it is good.  Also Dennis is a nice guy.
5	If you love poke this is the place to go!  They have a variety to choose from and the fish is fresh!  We couldn't decide on what to buy so we bought tako poke, shoyu poke, hawaiian style ahi poke, spicy ahi mix, spicy garlic and limu. I must say they were all to die for!  We eat our poke with rice so when we saw they had poke bowls for $8.75...we knew we scored!  They also sell sides like spicy cucumber salad, fresh seaweed salad and poi. If you like Hawaiian Sun drinks they carry a wide variety of flavors like guava, liliko'i, mango, lychee, hawaiian punch and many many more! The owner, Dennis is really nice too! He told us that he had competed in a poke competition in Huntington Beach, CA placing third place!  That should tell you something!  He makes all the poke daily.  They are located behind the main plaza in Chinatown.
3	Liked this place. Went on a Sunday so the guy didn't make much because he said their slow on Sundays. We tried a little bit of everything and liked it. I would have given more stars but the service was bad, maybe the guy was in a bad mood, not sure. Make sure you have somewhere to eat after you buy the poke unless you want to eat outside in the Vegas heat! No indoor seating. Would recommend you come here to pick up poke because overall the food was good.
4	The fish are fresh sashimi grade, but definitely not of high grade fish as some Yelpers mentioned, hence the bland fish taste which depends on seasoning.Limu poke mixed with spicy poke is just right.  Limu style is mixed with raw onion, tiny bits of crunchy dark seaweed, sesame, mixed in sesame oil.  Shoyu poke was so-so compared to Limu.  Spicy was all heat by itself and lack flavor, but perfect when it's mixed with another flavor.  Also bought a $20lb bag of opihi, little abalone looking shellfish from Oahu, each is the size of a dollar coin.  Owner recommended this native Hawaiian delicacy.  To enjoy, rinse under cold water, drain, sprinkle on some Hawaiian sea salt (ask the owner), spoon out the meat from the side and enjoy.  It's one of the most interesting exotic food I've ever tried.  Out of the entire bag of 40-50 pieces, only 4 pieces were not edible, which is expected given it's raw shellfish.There is no indoor seating, so best order tubs to go with side orders or rice in separate containers.The map on Yelp is wrong, the establishment is across the street on the southeast side of Wynn.Glad to have found this hole in the wall of deliciousness through Yelp!
4	Was craving for some poke and instead is going to the usual spot decided to check this place out.Ordered the limu tako, garlic ahi andshoyu ahi.Tako was thinly cut but needed a bitmore flavor. Shoyu ahi was good.  The definite must try is the spicy garlic ahi which is pretty dope.
4	Poke lovers! This place is one of the better ones I've been too. I really like the family style feel it has to it. And the owners are super friendly. When I went I got the spicy mix ahi poke and it was pretty spicy, so if you can't take the heat I would get something else. They let you try everything too. I just thought the regular ones were a little plain. Other than that it was really good. And the price is reasonable. I would recommend this to a friend any day!
3	Four stars for tasty poke, two stars for my poke bowl experience, average to 3 stars.I love a good poke, and appreciate that I can try several types here, and the Chinatown location is super convenient. In addition to poke, shop has Hawaii memorabilia and some clothing items.Love the fresh-made spicy garlic poke, ordered it as a bowl for lunch, $10- the rice was steaming hot and began cooking some of the poke, unfortunately. Additionally, my bowl was 90% rice with a layer of one-fish-piece-depth poke, which I felt was a little stingy. Bowl was oddly served with soy sauce packets, but I quickly discovered while: the rice is plain white rice with no flavoring, in the past I've had bowls with rice and also cabbage, with the poke liquid to flavor it. Proportions were off and rice quickly got clumpy and boring.Will come back for poke, but I'll stick to a quarter pound rather than ordering a bowl.
4	this place is great!! visited Hawaiian Style Poke while on a short trip to LV with the wifewe arrived shortly after they opened, 10:15-ish, one customer ahead of us, and they had somewhat of a bigger order, but there was nothing in the cooler.. so I'm thinking, maybe made-to-order? or on that HI time! hahaha :)we ordered 4 1/4 pound portions so we can try the different flavorshawaiian style poke, limu ahi poke, furukake ahi poke, and tako pokesooo goodthe staff there were friendly and the store was very clean and organizedthey also have a small gift shop with t-shirts, stickers, souvenirs, and also candies (Li-Hing) from HImissing a star due to lack of parking and not being ready by store openingenjoy!!!
4	Only a few places to get real poke outside of HI.  In LA you have a few and this place tops them all.I usually get my fix at Fish King, but they have only one flavor.  This place embraces true poke culture and has some good fish.  Tried tako, limu, and shoyu ahi.  Tako could have used a little more salt, but the rest are spot and and flavors bring me back to HI.  Next trip to LV, I'm bringing a cooler and lots of ice.
5	I've been coming here to Kau Kau  for a long time . Dennis and his wife are awesome people. It feels like home (Hawaii ) . That's why I like to come here .
5	I've been trying to find a place that has really good,  authentic poke. I finally found it.  Poke is just as good as the poke in Hawaii. I got the shoyu poke and my husband got the spicy poke. Both were fresh and very flavorful.  I love that they have only very little poke out. They keep refilling it little by little, so you know it wasn't just sitting out all day.  And that it's fresh.
5	A poke place in Vegas? wow. Knowing how Vegas is in the desert, I was super surprised that there would be poke this fresh. Walked in and was greeted with various pokes, but the place itself is pretty bare and empty. We ended up getting the tako, limu, furikake, shoyu, and cucumber kimchi. Everything was amazing. The octopus was the perfect kind of chewy and the ahi was super fresh and flavorful. We killed everything.. a new go to place in Vegas! We paid around 40$ for four people, which is pretty cheap.. for Vegas.
4	We got there 5 minutes before they close, talk about a cliffhanger! LOL. Anyway my heart sank when I saw all the trays were empty in their display case. But because Dennis (the owner) and his wife are such wonderful people they said it was only gonna take a few minutes to whip a new batch for us. While the wife got busy, Dennis and my husband who's from the islands also were talking stories and pidgin flew left and right while I looked over the little trinkets they had for sale. Next thing we know, voila! There it was before our eyes, Poke goodness in to go containers. After the goodbyes we were on our way. We couldn't resist and had to try it while in the car, soooo ONO!!! We got Furikake ahi poke, Shoyu ahi poke and Ahi limu poke. Everything was good although I wish they put more limu in it. Will definitely be back!
4	I love it there, the people are always so friendly. The poke is fresh & it's really affordable.
4	Great find for poke.  Its more of a deli than a restaurant. Great for picking up food on way back to hotel.
3	Came here last Friday, right when the sun was going down. Most of the trays were empty already, which is always a good sign. The people behind the counter weren't the most talkative, but that's not to say that they were unfriendly. Poke bowls were about $10 and the wife and I decided to share one, just to try it out. We opted for a spicy ahi bowl. Rice was delicious, fish was good too, but we felt that the fish needed a little bit more seasoning to it. We added some soy sauce and that helped out. I thought it was gonna be the spicy one that comes with that spicy mayo dressing, but I guess there's different spicy ahi variations? I saw some spam musubi on the counter, but it looked old........ : (  It could have been my eyes though.  I really did enjoy my bowl, but I think I'd like to come back at an earlier time on our next visit to LV, so I can experience what some of the other Yelpers have experienced.
4	while waiting for seats at Kim Long Pho, I took a walk here to pick up some poke.  we picked up a 1/4 pound of each flavor.  all the flavors were very similar, but were so fresh and delish.  I'll be stopping by for another pound before heading back to cali.
2	Just stopped by on a Monday at 1:35pm. Sold out of spam musubi. The poke that they did have left was few and far in between. Even ran out of rice. Said it was going to take 20-25min. Was out on a lunch run so the last thing we could do is wait around for rice to cook. Guess if you want anything from here you got to get here way before noon. Hopefully next time we get to try it at least.
3	I was underwhelmed by the flavor but surprised by the freshness of the fish. That's the reason why it's getting 3 stars. The ahi was very fresh and the owner only makes small amounts so the poke doesn't sit out for too long. Also grabbed two spam musubis. The amount of rice was far too great compared to the spam. It was triple the rice compared to the slice of spam. There wasn't much flavor. It basically tasted like eating white rice with a tiny amount of spam. I will pass on this if I ever return for poke.
