1	Bruegger's Schmooger's. This place is whack. CAN I GET A REAL BAGEL PLACE IN UPTOWN? It's a typical chain bagel store. They serve crazy bagel concoctions that nobody eats. They serve a small selection of sandwiches. Their cold cuts are so-so. The only thing that they have going for them is the Wednesday Dozen special for like $8. Other than that, I am forced to go there because of the lack of Bagel shops in Charlotte. Bagel Spot.....we need you!!!
2	I just don't know how this place is still in existence, the bagels are the worst, plain and simple.  I tried several different bagels and they're just not good and the spreads aren't much better.  I only come over when I come across a coupon and it's not even worth the time then.........
3	Bruegger's is decent when you have a jonesing for a bagel but my experience there has never really been memorable. Maybe b/c Bruegger's Bagels really doesn't roll well off the tongue? Who knows.  This location always seems to be more busy then they are able to handle but they offer a pretty sweet selection of lunch sandwiches, soups and salads with pick two combo's like other establishments. They main reason I go there is because they have frequent bagel specials if you sign up for their email club (this is the main reason I am giving them three stars as opposed to two). If I can get three bagels for free, I'm a fan and will visit your establishment. I've never been too impressed their coffee, which is sad.
1	Every time I come here I am disappointed. Their bagels are like hockey pucks. It is however convenient and if you want to be the new favorite employee at work Wednesdays they have bakers dozen for $6. Not for me but if you are feeling generous/cruel I'd def treat my employees to some.
5	I had a toasted pumpernickel with red onion, tomato, green bell pepper, lettuce, and hummus. It was outta-control-delicious! The bagel was perfectly toasted, the veg was fresh and delicious, and the hummus was outstanding. Staff was very friendly.
3	I had never set foot in a Bruegger's before this week but decided to try and satisfy a bagel craving while Uptown at somewhere other than Einstein's.  I got a cinnamon raisin bagel with plain cream cheese.  The bagel had a crispy outside and soft, chewy center with plenty of raisins.  I actually liked the "dense" cream cheese better than the whipped variety that Einstein's offers.  So, really 4 stars for the bagel itself.The star knock down comes from the fact that, with only 2 people in line ahead of me, it still took 10 minutes to get the darn thing.  Hard to comprehend really...
2	Maybe I am a bagel snob - but coming from NY/NJ I think I am entitled to be so. These bagels are something that would come out of the freezer - small, overly doughy/chewy, and no flavor. Oh and if you want to get an egg sandwich - be ready for a pre-made egg that comes out of the microwave. I mean really - how long does it take to put an egg on the grill - a whole whopping 3 minutes. Are we that lazy that we need to nuke our eggs. Never again - I rather eat cold cereal (with no milk) from the hotel.
2	Slow....ice coffee in a soda paper cup?  Western omelet on a salted bagel...not so good.  Had much better bagels.  Safe to say I won't be coming back here for breakfast.
5	The Cinnamon-Sugar bagel is TO DIE FOR! I live in St. Louis so I'm pretty loyal to St. Louis Bread Company's (Panera Bread) Cinnamom Crunch bagel, but this one blows it out of the water! I also love how quick this place is; they are always ready for the morning rush. I will be going back to try other things on the menu as well; wish we had some up north!
3	This could be a great place to get a bagel really fast but it looks like their organization is a little messed up.I ran in to get a traditional lox and bagel. The lady did a nice job, the bagel was good.The person next to me that got a western omelet was looked and tasted really good.
3	For being a typical chain bagel shop, Brueggars is a decent place to grab a bagel in the morning because of its location in the Epicenter. This location also seems super slow though. I feel like I wait in line so long whenever I go! Regardless, I usually order the same exact thing......bacon and egg on a skiny wheat bagel. (FYI- The egg is premade). Nothing spectacular, but gets the job down when I need a quick-ish breakfast and don't wanna cook myself!PS- The coffee is actually pretty good. They have seasonal types like pumkin, kahula, and coconut!
3	The food was decent, almost like a subway type place.
5	Delicious bagels! Staff was very efficient and friendly, will be back here many times!
4	Good bagels, friendly service, and a good price.  I've been to Bruegger's a few times and have always enjoyed their bagels.  They are a good size and have a decent variety of both cream cheese and bagels.  The staff is generally pretty friendly too.   This location is in a fun spot right downtown as well.I don't have them by me, so I usually stock up when I'm near one.  I like being able to grab a few packs to take home and they sell the batch from the previous night, $3.50 for 6.
4	In town for a convention looking for a brunch type local.  Brueggers bagels hit the spot.  I ordered the "Western" breakfast bagel. Egg, bacon, cheddar cheese and fresh red onions & green/red peppers toasted together.   Fresh OJ on the side.  Mmmmmmm
1	Don't think ill ever try this chain ever again. The only thing even slightly decent was the coffee.  Advertised fresh cracked eggs but was surely misled they were pulled from a holding tray. Disappointed to say the least how does a bagel place run out of plain bagels ?
5	Very friendly, good prices, delicious bagels. Nick was incredibly friendly and made our visit exceptional.
5	I love Bruegger's Bagels. The staff was very friendly and I was able to get what I wanted very quickly.
5	When i went i had no clue what to expect but i was not expecting anything out of the ordinary. I had the most amazing bagel sandwich and a delicious soup! It was perfect and well toasted bagel. The soup was also one of the best chicken soup ever.
