4	Sizzler in general is a bit dumpier than it used to be, but the staff is friendly and you get a ton of food for the money. Their salad bar is extensive and the food is fresh. Get the Malibu chicken. It's a childhood favorite and has stood the test of time. Whenever I'm traveling, I always check if there's a Sizzler nearby.Visit Date: 11/19/09
4	It's time to erase that ordinary old 3-Star memory we have of Sizzler, at least for both this one & the one over on Indian School, while they're running their "Express Lunch Special" to help power their way through the recession!  After having had a very positive experience over at Indian School back in October, it was past time to try this one & to see if they too are fighting hard to win.  (4 of the 5 locations of competitor Hometown Buffet in the Valley have recently folded, so far!)Up here at 28th Drive, too, the salad bar was very perky, including such treats as artichokes, slices of Haas avocados at just the right ripeness, excellent seafood salad, & more.  They serve premium cottage cheese too, not that cheapo mush you get at Sweet Tomatoes!On this visit I knew to bypass the "$6.99 Special" & instead select one of the eight entrees from the "Express Lunch Menu" on the wall inside.  Then at the counter you select your soda or milk, & tell them you also want the salad bar & everything else, plus one of several choices of side orders, & you want to get it all for $7.99!  You will!I ordered the big cheeseburger plate, & a baked potato, plus butter, sour cream, & some chives on the side.  After getting situated in a comfortable spot, it was off to help myself to some Clam Chowder, one of the FOUR soups available, while my burger & potato were being prepared.  The chowder was creamy & delicious, piping hot, & the clam pieces were cooked just enough, so they weren't tough & rubbery.  Right next to the soups, they had some delicious, very fresh French bread out, & I enjoyed a slice of that too, coated with a dollop of soft whipped butter that was right there for it.  (Garlic toast, served warm to the table, would also have also been available.)The food was all just great, & a real feast, topped off with excellent table service!  (Hats off to the terrific management too, both here at the store & at corporate to make all this happen!)You can ask for the "Express Lunch Special" from 11-4 on weekdays, & you have to eat it here.  Yum!
1	This place was filthy!! We ate at a Sizzlers in Cottonwood, AZ 2 days before, and we liked it soo much we decided to look for one close to our Phoenix hotel. Since there are only 2 Sizzlers in Phoenix, we picked this one and arrived  aroung 6.30 pm. We entered this place and were kind of welcomed by a grumpy manager( that should have been a sign), placed our order, and looked for a clean table. We found 1 in a corner, the rest wasn't cleaned.We took our plastic!!!! plates, and went to the salad-bar. Several trays were empty, and were not refilled. The fries were cold, there was food everywhere on the floor. I ate my steak, which was ok, my wife didn't eat anything, i drank my Coke(no refills??!!), asked for the bill, and went to the bathroom. Oh my God.......no words for this experience.Never again in this dump. They should go to Cottonwood to learn how to run a restaurant in a proper way.
2	Salad bar was really good including peel and eat shrimp but the fish and chips were AWFUL.  Three tiny pieces that looked like they came out of a fish sticks box from the grocery freezer section.  So disappointing.  Either do it right or take it off the menu.
3	30 something bucks for me and two kids.. mehI had the steak which was a cheap cut but cooked perfectly. Decent sides of toast and baked potato. Not a bad meal for 9.99 with the salad bar, unless you remember that the place 'down under' serves a real steak and a great salad and bread for the same price. Kids had salad bar, they were happy = free 'ahem' dessert.
1	The service was friendly but the food was not worth the money. Fried shrimp was over cooked. Streak was cheap and tough to chew. Best part of the food was the soft serve ice cream. This was my first and last visit to sizzlers.
4	Not bad, avacados on the salad bar? Awesome!While some of the seating arrangements just feel weird (we ended up sitting near what was an exit door, and it was hard to tell until people filtered out)They had decent prices, and the fact they had avacados on the salad bar, and they were fresh and green, was a winner with me!!
5	Sizzlers is as good as it gets !We have been going to Sizzlers for many of years because their food tastes excellent and the value is out of this world.Prices have gone up about a $1-2 so that will humble you real quick if you haven't visited for awhile.However, they have a great lunch special that includes your drink and salad bar for a low price of about $9.99 I believe.They also have express lunch pricing as well.At dinner your salad is still included but you have to pay $2.50 for a drink and for a family of four that is $10 extra dollars !  Uh, no thanks !  H2O for the fam bam please !
4	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =It's going on 3 years since an Update from here for this Sizzler, so I got together today with Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C. to see how they're doing at this location.Things haven't changed much here from my last review.  The super special that was on then isn't now, or at least I didn't pick up on it if it is, but the Salad Bar Lunch for $7.99 is delicious with lots of salad goodies including tasty cottage cheese, fresh avocado slices, & much more plus excellent soups, fried chicken wings, spaghetti & meatballs, Picadillo Beef & Carnitas tacos, tostadas & various desserts.As during each of my several previous visits, I found this location being properly managed (as is its twin over on Indian School Rd.), & I think you really can't go wrong with this excellent Buffet!     :-))
3	I have actually only been to Sizzler once in my life and it was last night. The experience was pretty good on the whole and about what I expected it to be. I enjoyed the salmon that I ordered and my wife's steak was also pretty good especially for the price. However, the salad bar was majorly lacking including the desserts. I didn't find much of anything that I liked there nor did my wife. At least the main entrees were pretty good. The service was not bad, but I didn't understand the point of having a waiter when we placed our order at the front.
3	This place had great service! Unfortunately, I encountered a few problems here. My steak was a bit overcooked, thus tough. In their defense, however, the server did ask us to check our steaks and I had agreed it was fine. My lobster was cooked well but it hadn't been cleaned very well. The meal was fine otherwise, but I haven't eaten at Sizzler in several years and I can see that the serving size has decreased considerably. It was enough for me but probably not my husband. Fortunately, he got a plate that included unlimited shrimp. Something to keep in mind is that you cannot add a tip to your credit card at sizzler.  My other HUGE disappointment is that they no longer have the king crab, or any crab.I would give this restaurant another chance, but next time I will order my steak a little less done and bring cash for the tip.
3	This was our first visit at this location and our first visit to a Sizzler in years. The dining room was clean but the bathrooms not so much. Our ordering went fine and the service once we sat down was great. Hubby ordered steak and endless shrimp and they were happy to bring him more. I had steak and veggies. The steak was flavored good and cooked well. It was a little fatty for a sirloin but other than that it was good.
2	What happened to this place?  I know it's been years since I've been here, but last I remember Sizzler was pretty much on par with Black Angus or close to it.  I know Sizzlers in California that are pretty decent.  This place.. wow. My aunt and I had dinner here a few weeks ago.  When I first walked in, I was hit with that bathroom smell.  Mind you the bathrooms are right next to where you order.  Not a good placement. We opted for the salad bar and that's when I looked over at their "buffet" and it looked like nobody had cleaned it for half a day.  The food looked old, the lettuce wilted, it just looked gross.  After getting a few wings (plain because their buffalo sauce looked nasty), we sat down.   I had ordered a diet pepsi and a basket of bread.  The bread wasnt too bad. Oh another note on the smells.. when we were walking from our table to the salad bar, it smelled like someone just urinated right on the carpet.   I said out loud "why does it smell like piss in here?"  Yes, hoping someone would hear me.  Nobody cared.The service was ok and that's why it has 2 stars instead of 1.  Honestly, Sizzler looks like it's nearing the end of its run in Arizona.  There are three left and I believe this is the worst of them. Some advice..  Fix this place up or do what Swensen's did and close the doors.
2	We eat here every few weeks and would normally give it five stars for good food and good service. I especially like that they have a photo of steaks in varying degrees of doneness. That is a big help, the steaks are cooked well and the salad bar is well-stocked,  but this evening Husband and I went in with plans to order lobster for him and steak for me. We were accosted at the door by a pushy loudmouth who started out by asking if it was our first time there and did we know the menu. We said yes and thought he would back off and let us read it. He kept on pushing, so I said I just wanted a steak. The menu is in English, which I read fairly fluently, but Loudmouth insisted on reading it to me, pointing out several features he suspected I might have overlooked and was frenetically trying to upsell me on the 2-for-one steaks without even knowing which one I might have chosen or investigating the fact that Husband didn't want steak at all. He wanted lobster. We gave up on getting him off our backs and walked out without ordering. We will go back eventually, hopefully after Loudmouth is gone.
4	The food was really good, including the salad bar. Our server was very friendly and attentive. The portions were very generous. Bathrooms were a little dirty, but we just followed the dinner rush. Very satisfied with this meal.
1	Worst experience ever! Waiter dropped off food and never came back! Didn't care if we needed anything. And other waiters/waitresses were waiting on other tables and not one came over to us. The chicken Alfredo was nasty. Sauce tastes old and left over. 8oz steak was more like a 3 oz steak. And a waitress was fighting with the cook. Very unprofessional.
1	C
2	Since I wrote the review praising  the steaks I am sad to say the quality has been downgraded. We ordered them on three different occasions, and although they were all cooked to the medium rare we asked for,  they were all tough, so we quit ordering steak. Haven't seen the obnoxious person whose aggressive selling drove us out of the restaurant, but we have learned to approach the counter with our eyes straight ahead because showing the slightest interest in the menu board is likely to activate one of the cashiers who will dart out from behind the counter and trap you with an unwanted and unstoppable explanation of each item. I will stick with the two star rating because the salad bar is ok and the servers are all nice - attentive without being pests.
1	Well its been a long time since we had visited a Sizzler and I hope to never make the mistake of going to one again. $42 for two  6 oz steaks 1 salad bar. The steaks taste as though they were saved from the dog food processing plant. Absolute NO seasoning on the nasty meat. Crappy buffet. at the very best it should have been under $15 for it all. To top it off the waitresses know the food is bad and just don't care that you say so. You will be better off buying your own steaks and microwaving them to death they would be much better than these. Luckily no one here cares that they serve you horrible food. Just ask them.
3	If you are in the mood for half salad bar, half sit-down, this is the restaurant for you! It was clean, the prices were average and the food was OK.
3	Salad bar has plenty of offerings...skip the steak...sent first one back and second one was only marginally better. Definitely not worth the $85 bill for six people.
1	The food was awful.  The salad bar had wilted lettuce. The steak had absolutely no taste. There is a Texas Roadhouse around the corner. Go there!
4	The customer service was great. I ordered the shrimp scampi which was quite delightful. The waitress Bernice was welcoming and was a good server. Overall, this place was good but just not enough foot traffic you would thought there would be..
5	Best deal on steak ever. Ribs too. Huge selection on the salad food bar. Staff was really nice.
