2	My experience at Cedar Street Tavern wasn't so memorable. I figured I'd give it a shot since I always see people outside hanging out on the high tops, and it looked like a cool place. It is a few blocks down from Tryon, so there is not much else going on around it. We ate inside at the bar and there were only a handful of people there other than us. We wanted to give the wings a shot, but they weren't very good, and the first bite had us wishing we had gone to Alexander Michael's instead. But, we were here and already committed, so we kept on. The kitchen was sooooo slow! We were waiting for our food for so long that we actually started making up our own lyrics to the songs playing about how long our food was taking to kill time, and that it did. My fiancee ordered a salad and I ordered the three cheese stuffed chicken over fettuccini alfredo, in other words, the heart-attack-on-a-plate, (although not the "oh my god, this is AMAZING!" kind.) I could barely make my way through half of it, partly because it was so heavy, but also because the cheese wasn't even fully melted and it was overall not so good.The one semi-cool part about the place is the way it is set up. They have an eclectic vibe going with bluish black walls painted with stick-figure type people that look like they are dancing, and the stars and shooting stars lit up all over the walls and ceilings brought me right back to the 90's when we all had those glow in the dark ones stuck to our bedroom ceilings. I would recommend trying this place for a drink on the weekends, but I'd eat elsewhere first.
3	There are a few reasons to go to Cedar Street Tavern, none having to do with the place's food options, which maybe isn't a bad thing for a tavern. Perhaps you live in Charlotte's Gateway area; you're pretty limited as far as walking-distance bar/pubs go, so CST makes sense given its location. Maybe you're feeling a little lonely, in which case you can enjoy a moderately-priced cocktail at the always-packed-but-never-crowded singles bar. You like to smoke, you say? The Tavern is your mecca: everyone there is smoking. I think I saw the Hostess smoking a cigarette mid-shift.The food's fine, but not exactly noteworthy. Decent wings and nachos; mediocre pizzas; passable salads--that sorta thing. Stay away from the entrees--there's just no reason. Again, though, nothing on the menu's gonna have you anxious to return. But if you're looking for a drink after work, this place is great. Plenty of indoor tables, a happening bar area, and even three or four umbrella-ed outdoor tables. There's also a projection screen TV and more than a few flat-screens if you're looking to snag an out-of-town game. The staff is friendly, the drinks are cold, the patrons nondescript. You'll never leave raving about the place, but then again, you'll never really leave unhappy, either.
4	Cedar Street Tavern is a great place to go for lunch.  They have their regular menu, but each day they have a 'specials' menu too.They have some of the BEST sweet potato fries (and yes, I have to say I like them better than the Penguin's sweet potato fries).  However, they serve them with ketchup so you may want to ask them for a side of honey mustard - YUM!!!I haven't had one thing yet that I didn't like.  I've had a sampling of their salads, burgers, and sandwiches and have never been disappointed. If you go at lunch, try and go a little earlier because the tavern does fill up quite quickly.
4	Cedar Street is a great place to get a bite to eat for happy hour. I have personally had almost everything on the menu, except the entrees. The crab dip is AMAZING! The service is a little slow but they are nice. If you are looking for great drink specials in downtown charlotte this is the place. almost everynight they have a selection of $2 beers. If you are looking for a nice resturant for a sitdown experience, this is not the place. It really is a tavern and has tavern food. If you are looking for a good time at a reasonable price, Cedar Street is a safe bet. Remember the Crab Dip
1	The food was cold when it came out to us, and it wasn't busy at all. Service was slow and the girl didn't care about the food being cold. Also the manager didn't care either. I would never recommend this place to anyone are go back myself. So somewhere else please you will enjoy yourself alot more.
5	So being an out of town LA girl last month kinda sucked, especially when it was right around the end of the regular season for the Lakers. I was staying at the Doubletree on Trade Street and called around to a few spots to see if they would show the game. I didn't want to walk uptown because I had just come from there and I was seriously exhausted from all day travel, so I said screw it, and the lady I roomed with and I walked the block and a half up to Cedar Street Tavern. That was the best decision I made ;)Our bartender was freakin awesome (I think her name was Jess, but I can't remember - blame the mix of jetlag and alcohol). She was a total sweetheart that changed the channel on the tvs so that I could watch the Lake show. She made some pretty good drinks, and introduced me to the best thing ever - FIREFLY! Good God, I fell in love that night! She was awesome to explain that you can only get it at ABC stores and that you can't buy alcohol at the market and you cant buy it on Sundays... what the...? where am i?! lolRegardless, the food we had was good (although I seriously can't remember what we ordered) lol... and the drinks were great.. and the service was exceptional!i can't wait to go back again next May!
5	Perfect place for after work drinks! I go here during the wk for their discounted appetizers from 4 to 6 and great drink specials. Memories of their nachos and quesadillas have been imprinted in my mind. You get a good mix of people from BofA peeps to J&W students to everything in between. I love the atmosphere of this place---dimmed lighting, wrap around bar, music loud enough to rock out to yet not so loud that you can't carry on a conversation. The bartenders are quick with a pour which is a plus in my world since I don't like waiting for my hooch. You can dine inside or out (and bring your dog if you are outside). I wouldn't dedicate a night entirely to this place as the crowd dims down around prime going out time but this is a great starting point or if you're looking to have a cold one after work.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  It has such a unique style "W" bar and the whole decor is rather unique.  It doesn't hurt that they sport half price appetizers from 4-7pm M-F and $3 drafts.  Jackpot!  We ordered the chicken sandwich (delicious) and the wings.  The wings were "eh" but everything else was great.  (there are better wings at Stool Pigeons).  I will definitely be coming back there though.  I want to try the nachos!  Tiffany N. is right.  "Great place for after work drinks!"  Enjoy!PS.  Newcastle on tap.. dank you-Ian
4	awesome drink specials? half off apps 4-7? sold.Table service is hit or miss, but I've never been disappointed at the bar. The food specials are usually pretty good and I'm a fan of the barbalo (part bbq, part buffalo) wings. It does win some serious points due to the proximity to home and school, but I've never had an experience to deter me from the place... it is always just good enough or better. They usually don't have a problem making tv channel adjustments for games (and they have a decent amount of tvs), the staff is for the most part friendly and competent, but I usually look forward to a few drinks and an app here, not a sit down meal.
2	I hate to give this place 2 stars because I know so many people who love it and as a bartender, I am not picky or critical.. but this place is always so hit or miss. I actually live in this building so you would figure I would go here more often. I will occassionaly take the elevator down for brunch on the weekends or stop in for one beer randomly but that's about it. I went one time recently and sat at the bar with a friend and we got pretty terrible service. It then became apparent to me that the bartener who was scheduled didn't show up. I understand what that is like so I don't really take that visit into consideration but every other time I have been, the bartender has failed to do easy things like refill drinks because he's too busy texting right in front of the guests. The food is bar food, nothing exceptional or different. Their brunch is actually decent for the price.. it is very cheap at about $6 a person. When I walk by during the week, Cedar St. Tavern usually looks very busy with after work professionals that stop by on their walk home into uptown. If you live nearby and would like to stop in, I would suggest you do so just for drinks and grab a patio table outside when it's a nice day. The decor is very interesting inside as well. From the looks of it inside, this bar seems like it would fit in better in NODA! The walls are painted blue with lit stars on the ceiling and the strangest shaped bar you will ever see. Cedar St. is definitely more of a neighborhood bar and everyone seems to know each other here. I think that's the only reason people stop in. Convenience.
1	Found hair in my pizza and they still wanted me to pay for it.
1	This should be a 3 part reveiw. If you are a bar hopping bopper such as myself.... If you've been to Rock Bottom about 6-7yrs ago you would have seen Chris, Mike, Shawn and a few others (one guy working the ktichen)...well after a few years they moved from there to Cedar Street. Shawn got a bump to manager/supervisor and it was cool. Take care of your regulars.Roland was the man b4 he set out 2 become the next tiger woods..lmao- he's a good dudeMike did what he does (what ever that may be)even the guy in the kitchen changed jobs to come here.a few years later.. welp...yelpers... They have moved to Black Fin (wondering if its some type of Resturant Maffia) Now on to the subject at hand...... CEDAR STREET TAVER...ohhh how I missed the old days. You know. the old days where i could get a beer and a shot for lets sayyyyyy UNDER 15 BUCKS...smhFood is pretty good. consideringDrinks are too much, the place isnt' really big and can get crowded. The way its set up with the bar 3 feet from the entrance to appear FULL from the outside.  It probably has a compasity of 90 ppl or so. The bar is shaped like aaaaaa... like aaa.. Hell, I have no idea. But its wack!! Maybe 5 seats on one side (1 seat puting you in the way of the kitchen traffic), maybe 5-6 on one side, 2 on one side, and maybe 4-6 on the other side (last seat puting you in the way of other patrons, kitchen etc traffic)so in counting... thats 4 sides but nooo. not like a square. but like a hell.. I'm still trying to figure out what kinda shape it is.
5	Lunch service is fast and friendly. Cuban sandwich is a winner.
5	Try the "Purple Alaskan Thunder Fuck."
3	It is an average place to go.......nothing sticks out about it. I was here for lunch on Saturday while visiting my sister. It is good we went here vs somewhere uptown as we were getting lunch right when the JWU graduation was finished. With that said, the food is decent. A good variety of sandwiches, burgers, salads and soup. We got fried pickles to start as an app and they were good. The right amount for three out of the four of us to share. I got a turkey club wrap that was filling enough and came with fries that I didn't finish........not because they were bad just no room. The rest of the table got either a salad or sandwich (buffalo chicken seemed to be popular at my table either in salad or sandwich form). Service was ok. Seemed to be a few regulahs there- people who live in the building or the one across the street (like my sis). Prices are aok.
5	Cedar Street Tavern is a fun place to go and be around friends!  We compare it to the old TV show Cheers.  If you have been there before, they remember you.  The staff is super friendly.  We like to go Monday nights and listen to the music!
1	OK heres the deal...I went here on a sunday just to watch the 2nd half of the football game....Ordered a picture of beer, got 1 clean glass and 1 dirty glass...STRIKE 1......ordered the crabdip app....1 clean plate 1 dirty plate....STRIKE2.....Also ordered the prime rib sub....just not good...My friend ordered a steak sub...the sub was 5 inch long and just DRY....STRIKE 3....I hated to leave without tipping,,,,but this was one of the WORST places Ive EVER been to........
4	Best buffalo chicken tenders I've had! Ask for Shaun or Jenn.
1	Food was an experience I wish I could forget.  Nothing stood out and I don't see a reason to return. There are many other places in Charlotte that I would rather frequent.
3	Only reason I would visit is because it was downstairs from my apartment. Not a bad place to grab a beer and they occasionally have live music. The food is just average bar fare however I must warn - the blue cheese that comes with the wings (and other things) is absolute total crap.
4	There is no greater joy in city-living than finding a new place and initiating it as a regular spot.  Cedar Street Tavern is truly a hidden gem amongst the sports bars, clubs, snazzy restaurants, and other stereotypical joints you tend to find Uptown...so much so I'm a little nervous to share it with the world.  But I digress...We've been to Cedar Street several times for a variety of different occasions.  For nights that you just don't feel like cooking, the menu has a huge variety of offerings that can appeal to the health fanatic (grilled salmon) or to satisfy your run-of-the-mill bar food craving (fried things galore).  Oftentimes when restaurants offer a huge selection of menu items, the quality of the food suffers from the quantity.  Shockingly, this was not the case with Cedar Street Tavern's offerings.  From the salads, to the fried pickles, to the aforementioned salmon, and beyond...their food is actually really really good.  (Ahem, and they have a late night menu). For nights you need a stiff drink...you can also find what you are looking for....  I was pretty impressed with their drink menu.  With a solid (but nothing fancy) selection of wine, local craft beers, and a great variety of spirits, everyone is sure to find something to hydrate their bad selves.  Another pretty outstanding quality was the weekly drink specials, which can be either disappointing or nonexistent in Uptown Charlotte.  The consistency and special choice each night has something that will appeal (again) to everyone and usually features 1 domestic beer, 1 craft beer, a liquor special, or some type of shot.  The prices are pretty decent too; reasonablle with a cost level for college students and bank executives. Perhaps the one characteristic of Cedar Street Tavern that will continue to set them apart from other local bars and pubs in the area are the people slinging the items mentioned above.  The waitress we've had several times is absolutely delightful and definitely humors me when I ask her recommendations 34,843 times (trust her, she's spot on).  The bartender/bar manager, Shaun, is also extremely friendly and easy to talk on a busy Friday night or slow Sunday afternoon.  He strikes the right balance of enough conversation to make you feel welcome but reserved enough to let you talk amongst yourselves.  Engaging people, impressive food, and a great drink menu.  If you need both a casual and fun spot in Uptown, this is your place!
5	I love Cedar Street but I am a little biased because I host trivia here every Wednesday night from 7:30-9:30. It's a combination of trivia questions, image rounds and physical challenges. 1st place gets $25, 2nd gets $15 and 3rd gets $10 AND you can use your winnings on alcohol... I have yet to find another bar that lets you use your winnings on booze. Drink specials are $3 import and micro-brew bottles, $4 Jagger and Firefly shots and $6 Jagger-bombs.Shaun the bartender is great and we have lots of fun. OK, I am done with the shameless plug.
4	Stopped in for dinner and a couple beers because it was close to the hotel I was staying at.Friendly neighborhood bar/restaurant. had the Cuban sandwich and a couple of Sammy Bostons. Food was good, they have a pretty wide ranging menu. Apps to steaks. Tables on the sidewalk outside for us smokers and those that prefer to dine and drink outside.Good vibe as a local joint. You can tell that it's a "local" meet and drink place. Enough TV's to enjoy a game and live music as well. Highly recommended if you want to grab a couple of beers and have a reasonably priced decent meal.
5	This place was a pleasant surprise for our visit to Charlotte. Our hotel recommended this neighborhood place right around the corner. My wife and I sat at the bar where Shaun took care if us, welcoming us with good conversation and helping us with recommendations from their new menu. His recommendations based on our hunger level were spot on. Cuban with sweet potato fries (seasoned with cinnamon sugar...mmm) for me and moderately spiced tortilla soup and California salad for my wife. All delicious and delivered timely.We paused when we walked in, as it seemed more bar than restaurant, but our bellies are more than happy we gave this a shot after first impressions. Great atmosphere (small groups of guys, girls, couples) sports on 10 TVs, and great service from Shaun. If we don't get back this stay, this will be a first stop on our return.
5	This is more of a neighborhood bar with a laid back atmosphere, decent food and friendly attendants. If you're the young party type you probably won't have much fun here but if you're looking for a weekday drink or to pregame before going Uptown it's great. They have trivia on Wednesday and the ladies that host it are really great. It used to move wayyy too slowly but they seem to be much quicker now. If you live in Third Ward or maybe just staying at the Double Tree for business then check this place out.
5	Came to Trivia Night on Wednesday and was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere, food, beer selections and overall good vibe. Highly recommend!!
1	Don't go!!!! The service is that Bad!!! I went by myself and the server was that bad. Was a waste of money. Very RUDE workers.
4	I work down by Cedar St so I often stop in to pick lunch/dinner to go.  99% of the time the waitstaff/bartenders are great, always helpful & friendly.  Tonight I walked in and this little blond thing with an attitude directed me to the bar without even a thought to help me as she was standing at the hostess station! Whenever I come and don't want to sit at the bar while I wait, the waitstaff ALWAYS helps me.  It's her job and was likely just worried I wasn't going to tip. So now I'm forced to sit a the bar near the kitchen.  It's fine and luckily the bartender is attendant and gets my order ASAP.  In sitting quietly reading work emails, drinking water and then this waitress walks by my chair and literally knocks me off my seat. Not figuratively, literally! I turn around b/c I'm wondering WTF and she is already at a table yelling 'sorry, love.'  Ah no, not okay.Cedar you've got a great rep with me and the surrounding neighborhood, don't let this inconsiderate, small minded waitress ruin it for you.  If it were my restaurant, I'd reduce her shifts / put her on lunch duty only until she cleans up her act. Disgrace.
5	It starts with the staff, Shaun, Jess & Ben do a great job engaging people and keeping the conversation going.  The food is much better than I expected the first time I had eaten there.  I believe I've had just about everything on the menu and all are very good.  If I had to pick a favorite, it would be the pasta dishes.  Which is odd for me as I've had many bad experiences with bar pasta.
4	Happened to be staying around the corner for the weekend and popped in here for a bite of lunch and to cool in the middle of exploring the neighborhood.  Sherri, the bartender and waitress all-in-one was tackling a growing crowd with skill.  I sat near a window to people watch and was quickly greeted and brought a menu and then my drink, which was kept full by the attentive Sherri.  Ordered a simple cheeseburger and French fries.  Both came out hot and delicious a short time later.  The burger was nicely seasoned, I noticed a hint of garlic which was a nice touch.  The fries were great - my favorite kind - the ones that are so bad for you, fries coated in some sort of breading which makes them super crisp and super yummy!I would definitely recommend this spot for a bite to eat and a nice spot to watch some football too.
5	This place took me by surprise--in a good way!A warm, inviting atmosphere with great food and drinks, and friendly staff.Can't ask for much more!
