3	The OPH serves up really good breakfasts.  Quality food, and a pleasant comfortable environment makes this restaurant a favorite  after church spot on Sundays, and just a great way to start your day any other day.  I like the Corned Beef Hash, and as you would expect, their Pancakes are delicious.  The Blueberry Pancakes are great, so are the Eggs Benedict, and if you are in the mood for a ligher breakfast, their crepes are fantastic as well.  Great food, dependable quality, and moderate prices make the OPH a winner for breakfast in Charlotte.
2	I've only been here twice. The first time I wanted to try it because I had seen the long lines out front on the weekends, and the second time because I thought the first was a fluke. Both times the food was decent--standard breakfast fare with little flair. It was good, don't get me wrong, but didn't seem to justify the long wait.What was surprising about this place is that the first time I went there the server tried to tell me what to order. I was told that "complicated" items take too long and I would be better off getting standard items like eggs or pancakes. I understand that they want to turn over tables quickly with the long wait, but pushing people off of menu items is a big turn-off for me.The second time I went they were out of the item I wanted. I will try to get back there during the week when it's not as busy and see if my experience is better.
4	After a night of beers and mixed drinks, what better in the morning than a trip to the Original Pancake House? This was my first experience here, and when we pulled up I was about to pull right back ot of the parkin lot because there were people outside waiting for tables. The couple we were with assured us that this is normal and that they turn the tables over quickly. They were right; after about 10 minutes we were seated. We've heard great things about the omelettes so that was the first place we looked on the menu. Even better was the fact that you get a short stack with your omelette. I chose the Spanish omelette while most others at the table ordered cheese omelettes, and when all of our orders came out I had immediate food envy. Everyone's omelettes looked like big, giant fluffy egg pillows of deliciousness, and mine was covered with some sort of mystery pasta gravy/salsa hybrid sauce. But I dug in, and it was delicous. The pancakes were soooooo good, and once you add their homemade butter and maple syrup, you have a recipe for 100% breakfast bliss. Eat here. Then go home and pass our for 3 hours, and don't expect to be hungry again until 7pm.
4	Excellent breakfast!  Enough really cannot be said about the omelettes at this place.....they are easily the size of a football and full of lots of yummy goodness.  I always get the veggie, mainly because it's loaded with tons of fresh broccoli and lots and lots of cheese.  I would avoid anything with "tropical syrup".....it tastes like pure sugar with a little imitation tropical flavoring thrown in.  Yuck!  Other than that little grossness, everything else I've had is awesome and the coffee is always hot and fresh.  Hungover?  This is the place for you.
4	Wow...you'd never believe that this place is a franchised restaurant, they hide it very well. If you're hungover on a Saturday or Sunday morning, head over to The Original Pancake House to ease your woes.Their breakfast selection is absolutely huge, anything you can think of to have for breakfast, they have it. From pancakes, to waffles, to omelets, absolutely anything. Not only is every item I've had very good, it's also very filling. They give you very big portions for a pretty decent price. I promise you that the food here will not disappoint & you'll be heading back here again.The breakfast/brunch crowd is always huge on the weekends, with people always waiting for tables. You may not enjoy your wait, but it's well worth it because you'll leave full & happy, without all those hangover woes.The Original Pancake House will make you feel like you're eating at a homegrown restaurant, because the food tastes so fresh & homemade. So while it is a great place to catch breakfast/brunch in Charlotte, it is a little disappointing for me. I'd rather go to a local breakfast business to get true freshness in my breakfast. But if you're just looking for a great breakfast, with so many choices to choose from, then The Original Pancake House will definitely impress you & having you coming back again.
5	This place is incredible! It's like IHOP except it's much better. You get the good things about IHOP (the great pancake selection, the great syrup selection, and the all day breakfast) but it's less chain-like. Breakfast was cheap, service was good, and the coffee was hot.I got the Three Pigs in a Blanket. We're talkin' bout 3 big links of sausage wrapped in buttermilk pancakes and topped with powdered sugar. It came with plenty of butter that was perfectly soft without being melted. The 3 Pigs in a Blanket were so good that I wish I were eating it right now. I added two eggs to my meal for a few bucks. These were the most freakishly big eggs I've ever seen in my life! The 2 eggs are almost enough for a meal. This was breakfast at a very high level.+1 Star for having Tabasco and Texas Pete hot sauce. Sometimes a man feels like Tabasco and sometimes he feels like Texas Pete.
4	The Original Pancake House (OPH) is my 2nd favorite place for breakfast on the weekends (Pewter Rose is the first).  And they're one of the few Charlotte brunch options that opens before 10 a.m.  They offer an extensive menu of breakfast selections, including eggs, waffles, and, of course, pancakes.  Since I'm usually an egg person for breakfast, I'm usually steered past the pancakes and waffles and go right for the omelettes or other egg dishes.  Their omelettes are HUGE.  They seem like they're made from like 18 eggs or something.  None of the omelettes really seem to have a lot inside them (the ingredients aren't overflowing), but my favorite is the sausage one.  Also tasty are their seafood crepes and Eggs Michael (Eggs Benedict with sausage instead of Canadian bacon), as well as their regular Eggs Benedict.  And, last but not least, there's the Kosher meal:  eggs with salami and potato pancakes on the side.  YUM!  I'm not Jewish, but I do love a good Kosher breakfast!  (Miami has an awesome Jewish breakfast place, too, but I draw the line at "tongue.")  Potato pancakes are a delicious treat -- more tasty than hashbrowns, but not as filling as regular pancakes.  This location of the OPH is fairly new (in the past couple of years).  They moved from South Blvd where there was little parking...to a place where there's even less.  Go figure.  And I'm not crazy about the big open space of the "new" restaurant.  I want OPH to feel more like a diner.  I guess that's part of my reasoning for only 4 stars instead of 5.  If you go on Sundays, be sure to get there before the church crowd!  Or you're looking at about an hour wait.
3	I'm a big fan of all kinds of pancakes and Original Pancake House fills that need in my life. I had the blueberry pancakes just this morning. The veggie omelet is also really good, and OPH has all the breakfast options you could ever want. They moved from their South Boulevard spot to the new Charlottetowne location in the past year. But the problem was the same with both locations: parking is awful. There just isn't enough parking for how packed the place gets, and the lot is always a mess of confused drivers.If you go on a weekend morning, expect to wait a long time for a table. If you go on a weekday morning, expect to find lots of moms with sticky little kids.
3	This place isn't bad, but for a place that has "pancake" in it's name, I guess I expected more of their.. .well, pancakes.  It's clean inside and the service is pleasant.They have a good menu with many options, baked pancakes, gourmet pancakes, waffles, omelets etc.I had eggs, hash browns and pancakes.  The eggs were fine, the hash browns were country style and the pancakes looked fluffy, but they ate dense and slightly chewy.  The syrup was very sugary, too much so, that it had that no-sugar added kind of taste, where they overcompensate with sweetness.  I miss real maple taste.  I just wasn't a huge fan of the place, but it's not bad and reasonably priced.
4	I am a huge OPH fan from way back, except I had always gone to the one in Laguna Niguel, CA.  When I saw this location as I was driving by one day, I had to turn around, pull into the parking lot, and tag it in my GPS so I could easily find it again.  Moving into a new area can be hard, but this was a piece of home that I was thrilled to find.We showed up on a weekday, around 10.  We still had to wait about 10 minutes or so, which wouldn't have been so bad except there is no warm place to do it!  They have a little anteroom, but it is devoid of even a basic space heater.When we were seated, I was happy to find that the tables were spaced out a little more (in CA, you are close enough to taste the food at the table next to you).  Decor pretty much consisted of blown-up posters of the menu fare.The menu is pretty much the same, except CHEAPER (WH!!!).  This required me to get the baked apple pancake.  For years, I have been visiting OPH, and trying to get other items, except I almost always have the same thing.  Maybe I should call it the apple CRACKcake, because it's so addictive!  One of these days, I'm going to have to trick myself into getting something different by making my husband order while I run to the car or something, lol.One menu item that I hadn't seen before was some sort of tropical chicken and fruit salad, prominently displayed in one of the aforementioned posters.  Seriously?  I thought it was a joke when I first saw it.  It is served in a hollowed out pineapple, with a banana sticking out of one end, in order to build some sort of "fruit bird".  The thing looks like a reject from 1950's era polynesian theme restaurants.  I'm guessing even Don Ho would have thought this thing kitschy, lol.In any case, the apple pancake (and dh's cheese steak omelette) arrived.  I WAS a little disappointed, because THIS apple pancake was drowning in grease!  Normally I would have sent it back, but by this time we had struck up a conversation with the guy at the next table, and were thoroughly enjoying ourselves with that.  On a 2nd visit, the grease was thankfully absent, so I will have to see if they are inconsistent, or that was just an anomaly.DH's cheese steak omelette ROCKED!  It had big chunks of meat that were tender and flavorful.  The omelettes are smaller than in CA, but still WAY huge (and did I mention cheaper?)I will definitely make the OPH a go-to place for breakfast, if only to point and snicker at the scary bird salad.  ;)
5	Pulled in on a whim...was heading for Einstein's bagels, but this place looked intriguing.Large, bright warehouse/loft effect inside. Menu posted in lobby for convenience. Walls painted a pale lemon color, kitchen semi-open to the public. Friendly waitress (I ordered the coffee in spite of myself--trying to cut down--because she was so nice).I ordered a plain waffle for the daughter and the sourdough french toast for me (we shared with each other, though).  She was given crayons and a kids' menu.OH. Ingredients do make such a difference. According to the menu, "Our recipes demand only the very finest of ingredients, such as 93 score butter, pure 36% whipping cream, fresh grade AA eggs, hard wheat unbleached flour, and our own recipe sourdough starter. Our batters and sauces are made fresh in each restaurant's kitchen."The flavor of the French was subtle and excellent.  The waitress said it was the almond (extract?).  I didn't realize until she said it, but that was what I was tasting (and I am not usually a fan of almond flavoring--that's how gently-flavored it was).The texture was perfect--just enough resistance and softness in balance. Sprinkled with powdered sugar, spread with butter, and anointed with warm syrup---I never clear my plate (portion control), but I cleared my plate (with my daughter's help).The waffle my daughter had was thin and crispy. She liked it. She finished it. I tasted it. It was fine, but after my French toast, I wasn't having it. The coffee I gave in and had was hot and aromatic. I think it was pretty expensive, though. Like twice as much as a tall cup of Sbux for less the coffee. I was there around noon on a weekday. It was comfortably occupied, but not crowded. I have the feeling that it can get pretty crazy in the mornings, based on a sign in the lobby about waiting in line. Definitely beats IHOP (duh). :-)
5	Every time i come here i feel like I'm cheating on my dads homemade pancakes but its so worth it, Mostly when i come here i always order the blueberry pancakes, a side of beacon , a glass of water (you;; need it) and a glass of apple juice.. The other times i always order a omelet of any kind but when ordering one please bring a friend to help you eat it. My friends and i would always go there after class to eat, study and just kick back. The staff is very fun and has tons of energy, Its a great place to go anytime........ So check them out
5	Q: Where can you find...church goers, hungover peeps, masses of kids and some of the quickest, delicious breakfast in all of Charlotte? A: Original Pancake HouseYup, it's a smorgasbord of hungry folks and it's tasty. And yes, it's a chain, but I can't help but express my love for this particular OPH. If you're looking for breakfast, early in the mornin' or late in the afternoon, I highly recommend dropping by here. If you make this particular breakfast run on a Sunday, be prepared to run into a line of hungry folks. But it's ok, really - don't you fear. A very long line absolutely flies into the restaurant in lighting quick speed. I don't know how many cooks OPH has working, but those guys/gals are really, really fast. Thus the tables turn really, really quickly. No joke, as soon as hubs and I are seated we are out of there in 30-40 minutes at the longest. I usually order the French Crepes - perfectly cooked, delicious, thin crepes stuffed with fresh strawberries accompanied by a side of strawberry sauce. I typically order only two as the regular order comes with three and I just can't handle that much delectable goodness. Make sure you try the turkey sausage too - it's pretty amazing. If you're more of an omelet fan, OPH makes them the size of footballs. They.are.huge. Oh, and they come with a side of pancakes, so be sure to come hungry. This particular joint is a staple for me as I'm always craving those damn crepes. Thanks, OPH!
4	Nothing fancy, just darn good breakfast.  The pancakes are delicious, the omelets are HUGE and the prices are cheap.  The menu offers almost any type of breakfast fare that you can imagine.  Don't let the line out the door scare you away, it moves fast and the actual wait is usually no longer than 10-15 minutes.  If OPH offered delicious biscuits, I'd give it five stars!
4	Fun place. Great view of downtown.  A lil tight on the parking. The french press coffee was fun...
4	Can we talk Original Pancake House for a second? (Of course we can, that's why you are reading this)OPH is rapidly becoming a Sunday ritual for the roommate and I. Despite all the delicious and fancy brunch options around this fair city, there is something about those fluffy circles of love and their breakfast-y entourage that is undeniable. My standby is the banana pancakes, which come with a tropical syrup that tastes like (and might be) liquid marmalade. One week when I was feeling particularly childlike I went with the chocolate chip pancakes sans whipped cream. They hit the spot without making me feel like I was going to go into diabetic coma. If a traditional breakfast combo is what you seek grab the 2 eggs and either bacon or sausage meal (links are better than patties in this situation). It comes with a side of three pancakes and will be sure to fill you up right to the brim.The staff matches up to the quality of the food beautifully. I have never encountered an OPH employee who was anything but cheery and helpful (This includes the waiter who said he could *make* some ginger ale for my friend. She said it tasted like Canada Dry but the fact that he came by to ask how it was left us wondering).The next time you are wondering where to grab your mimosas or bloody marys on a Sunday afternoon, try passing on the trendy brunch and grab some good old pancakes. They'll do you a world of good.
5	Their sweet tea is the best in Charlotte, they use Royal Cup and you can taste the difference.  The pancakes are definitely their high point.  they are the perfect combination of golden, soft and spongey.  Their omelettes are massive and fully of cheesy yummy goodness.  I ordered an egg and bacon plate and there was more crispy bacon than eggs (which is never a bad thing!)Make absolute sure you get there early or else there is a huge line, before 9 is better.
4	just a heads up, they are now making their omelets in an omelet pan, which means they are super puffy and not very eggy and kind of dry and there was barely any cheese.  next time i'm going back to my old standby, eggs, bacon and pancakes.
3	The pancake house was just an average experience for my friends and I. We had only a minor wait and was called in and seated by a not so friendly hostess.  Our waitress was definitely the best thing about breakfast, she was fast, really friendly, and kept the water and coffee flowing - I think she called each and every one of us 'love' at some point too!  In terms of the food, expect a pretty typical diner-esk experience.  My omelet was huge and I enjoyed it, the pancakes were also really tasty and coupled with the hot syrup made it even better.  My friend got a pecan waffle, it was honestly the smallest, thinnest waffle I have seen served at a diner.  My other friend ordered cheese grits and was really disappointed with them.  Overall it seemed like about half of the food we ordered was good, the other half was rather disappointing.  If you are looking for this place along Charlottetown ave, don't look for a sign out front, it's just a plain looking brick building, with a really jam packed parking lot - so expect to have a tough time getting a spot if its prime time breakfast time!
4	Ah.  The reliability of a chain that isn't too chainy.You know what I mean.  You go to IHOP and you kind of get some smelly booths and those IHOP uniforms... oh sure the pancakes are tasty and they've got a few 24 hour operations but its got a distinctively chain feel.Now you go to what a friend of mine used to call OHOP (although I now realize that is inaccurate) and the place does a good job of pretending to be a somewhat nicer joe schmoe breakfast diner - IE clean and non smelly booths no matter how many darn kids are in the place.  On the other hand, I've been to a few of the Original House's in Chicagoland and now this one in Charlotte and you have the good parts of being a franchise -the same tasty coffee, the same delicious and slightly yeasty pancakes.
3	I like this place since they have a huge menu, but sometimes less is more LOL! You are sure to satisfy your hunger with their fair portions. This particular location has a very small waiting area/lobby and on weekends can get very cramped. That would be my only complaint. Serviice is usually good and there food is edible.
5	A great place for breafast!  Super yummy.  The eggs bebdict and potato pancakes were wonderful!  The apple pancake was amazing but definitly not for breakfast.  It was more like an apple skillet bread pudding than a pancake.  But I love bread pudding so all and all it was still deliscious.  All items on the menu looked good and the place was clean and trendy.  The staff was really nice as well.  We will definitely make this a regular stop when we are in SC.  This is a definite gem!
4	It's a classic. Don't go if you are in a rush or looking for healthy food. This is  a traditional pancake house - no bells and whistles, just good breakfast.
4	Found this place on Yelp and yes, it lives up to the hype. It looks like an old industrial building turned into a restaurant. However, that is by design. I must disagree with one previous post about not having 'healthy' options. Egg substitute, Canadian bacon, wheat or dry toast, grits without butter, etc are all options on the menu. Of course I got the Western omelet & a side of corned beef hash! Off tha hook. Nice view of uptown Charlotte and an outdoor seating area plus excellent service (thanks, Amy G.) make this an awesome breakfast or lunch place to visit.
3	Stopped in for a late breakfast with a friend. We got seated immediately and placed our orders. The waitress was very friendly and offered a vegetarian choice for my friend instead of the eggs benedict she got the eggs florentine. The food arrived in less then 10min this was great considering we wanted a quick breakfast.  Food was decent but not spectacular. I ordered the eggs, hashbrowns and coffee and it was about $10 with tip. A little bit pricey for eggs, potatoes, and pancakes if you ask me.  Most breakfast orders come with a side of pancakes, which is pretty sweet. All the staff made sure to ask us if we were happy with our meal before we left.
3	I love their pancakes, omelettes, and the hash browns-mmmmm.  I still can't believe that someone can make an omelette the size of my head.  But, I do not love this location.  This is by far the best 'chain' to go to in town, but go to the one in South Park.  The people that work here are incompetent and I am not just reviewing one occasion.  Every time I go, whether I eat there or take it to go, they screw something up or are just plain slow.  And there's something off with the vibe of this place.  It doesn't feel comfortable like the other restaurant.  I only go to this one because it's closer.  If I'm out, I head over to the other one.  I even think the food is fresher at the other one.  5 stars for the one in South Park though.**Update**Again they screwed something up.  How do you forget to give a person butter for pancakes and then, after reminding them 3 times that you need butter, still manage to never get it?
3	Is this the only breakfast spot in uptown?  The omlet was good but SO FLUFFED with batter that I didnt feel like I was eating eggs, not my favorite.  Service was quick, polite and helpful with coffee refills.  Place was very busy even at the late hour that I made it in for breakfast.  I was happy with the diner fare menu and ambiance.
4	I often stop in here at least once when I am in Charlotte on business, and always with a co-worker that is a local. Good coffee and pigs in a blanket - love it.
4	Well, any place that offers more than 10 different pancake offerings on their menu has a special place in my heart...err, or my belly, rather.I've been to this place four times, and I've tried different pancakes each time.  Only one, thus far, has disappointed me, although I think they may have brought us the wrong pancakes.  I have to say, I especially love the yeasty old buckwheat pancakes (which I'm still not entirely convinced you should put the words "yeasty" and "old" next to each other on a food menu) and the sourdough pancakes.  Their regular coffee is just ok (pretty standard diner-style), but they do offer french press coffee there (I've not tried it, but one of these days I will).  Their egg and side offers are pretty generous as well.  More food for a better price than IHOP or Waffle House, I think.This is my favorite breakfast place...or anytime I want breakfast-for-lunch or for-dinner place!
2	Everything I ate here today tasted like it was concocted in back from bags of dried egg, pancake mix, and the scariest of all - hollandaise powder. Fatty texture but not even a little butter or lemon flavor in that mother of all breakfast indulgences. Burnt, dry, microwave tasting omelettes, puffed and brown. Freezer-flavored hash browns with no crisp to them whatsoever. Basically, the best argument towards anti-corpo food that I've eaten in a long, long while. It hurt pretty bad, as I used to frequent this chain constantly as a kid - the Kosher made my gma+gpa happy, dad went for the apple pancake, week in, week out. Smoked salmon, potato pancakes, it was all delish. And strawberry pancakes, with fresh whipped cream, were totally my jam.This new thing sporting the same name is like the OPH I remember but nightmarishly riffing off the nastiest of Denny's. Potato pancakes thin like paper, eerily tasting of potato, floppy and gummy. Sour cream in tiny, spit-cup sized containers. Watered down applesauce. No thanks.
5	Read  the reviews as I always like to do and the place surely did not disappoint! I had the Eggs Michael - poached eggs over two sausage patties sitting on a toasted english muffin smothered with a delicious mushroom sherry sauce with potato pancakes with apple sauce dressing which were fabulous! The place has a modern industrial design with lots of high windows which makes it nice and bright to wake you up in the morning. The staff was friendly and attentive. I thought the price was reasonable for the amount of food we received. You will not leave hungry! We certainly will be back again. This was the Charlottetowne Ave location!
4	My first meal when I came to Charlotte was at an OPH, so the chain has a special place in my heart. I've been holding off coming to this one because I didn't want to chance that it would be anything less than the perfect experience it should be. (I'm actually embarrassed that the review of the Southpark location isn't even in my first hundred reviews!) Yes, it's a chain and it's a big one, but other than the heavily laminated menus it could be a one-off. So don't worry about it.I got here before the breakfast rush started on Saturday morning, but even without a line at the door there was still a full parking lot. (Tip for you folks with full-size Impalas or Expeditions: "C" means Compact. So don't park there!). An overflow lot is available across the street. I was fortunate to be seated immediately and at a comfortable booth no less. This gave me a good view of the door so that I could take up the table for a while (until the battery on my laptop ran down) but I knew when it was time to move on.Pancakes are the main focus of the menu here, with strawberry and pecan and even bacon ones. But I decided to go with my favorite, the "Eggs Michael." Sort of like Eggs Benedict, this is two halves of an English muffin with poached eggs but on top of that is a delish mushroom sherry sauce. Served with four potato pancakes, it's a great treat! I've also had the Dutch Baby many times, but didn't feel like a big carb hit today.The coffee is excellent  here and it's refilled often.They do have free wifi (the password today was 'pancakes' but ask the staff if it isn't) and I did not see any freely accessible power outlets.If you come here for the eggs and bacon, it's great and all that. But really, it's a pancake place. Try them, you'll like them!
4	Came here for brunch/breakfast and thought the place was great! What a nice, unpretentious little breakfast spot in Charlotte. They have all sorts of different pancakes, so if you are in the mood for pancakes, its the perfect spot to go. The inside is pretty bare ambiance wise, but its ideal for a casual pancake breakfast out !
3	Good food.
3	I came here before years ago and it was decent. Not sure if Yelp was around at the time. Wasn't hip to it yet... But today it was "aight". I'm sorry but $2.99 for a large orange juice with no refills is a bad start. I know plenty of restaurants like this but then on top of that the Eggs Benedict was HORRIBLE! Taste like egg yolks. Now mind you the hollandaise sauce is mostly egg yolk but it shouldn't taste like it, especially with poached eggs. It was really small and should come with some roasted potatoes. I got the buttermilk pancakes instead of the potato cakes. Considering its a pancake house, they're pretty good... With some strawberries and syrup, it's JUMPIN! So if you come here... just get what it's known for... pancakes.
4	We visited for breakfast over the weekend and were pleasantly surprised! Service was speedy and our food was delicious. Would definitely go back!
4	I intended to get there for a Sunday brunch.  Arrived late (around 1 PM) and there was still a wait.  That's a good sign.  The tables turned over pretty quickly and our party of four was seated in about 20 minutes.  Attentive waiter and good value.  How different can pancakes be?  I don't know what they do at this particular OPH, but the plain pancakes were amazing.  Definitely craving more today.  Hash browns were okay.  They're more home style with large chunks and kind of soft.  I happen to prefer mine more like Waffle House hashbrowns.  Eggs and sausage links were as expected.  The six year old in our party was a huge fan of the chocolate chip pancakes.  Fortunately he didn't finish all of them so I had the chance to try his.  I concur with his assessment.  There's an overflow parking lot across the street which has reserved spaces for the restaurant.  Expect to use it.
4	Nothing brightens my mornings faster than a short stack of  sweet and delicious pancakes!This morning a few friends of mine talked me into trying out the Original Pancake House off of Charlottetowne Ave. We arrived at the restaurant at about 11:30 am, and it goes without saying that this place was packed. To my pleasant surprise we were seated within about 10 minutes. That was record time considering there were about 8 other parties in front of us. Once seated we were greeted by our amiable waitress, and put in our orders. My champion breakfast that morning was the CIAA Combo #1, which consisted of two eggs scrambled with cheese, 5 strips of bacon, and 3 pancakes with a glass of apple juice to wash it all down. The food was delicious, it reminded me of my mother's homemade breakfasts. The pancakes were fluffy and moist, with just the right hint of sweetness in the  batter that you didn't even have to use alot of syrup. The eggs were scrumptious with a near perfect consistency and had a wonderful egg to cheese ratio. The only issue I could find with my breakfast was my bacon. As always, I ordered the turkey bacon, however, I neglected to ask for it to be cooked to the crisp. So when the waitress noticed this she kindly took back my bacon and brought me out a some fresh crisp strips. Such a kind staff, and very attentive. Overall, my dinning experience was memorable and pleasant, and my wallet thanked me. (My total for breakfast was only $8.97) Outside of the restaurant are lots of shops and things within walking distance so feel free to shop around and work off some of that delicious meal you just indulged in. I sure did. Parking at the Original Pancake house is a little tight, but traffic in and out of the restaurant tends to move pretty quickly, so no worries.I suggest you and your friends give the Original Pancake House a try, it's definitely a nice change of pace from the typical breakfast chains.
5	For Charlotte this is either the #1 or #2 choice for breakfast, a cut above ( in both food quality and service) either Denny's or IHOP. We usually hold our car club breakfast meetings here once a month, and the food and service has always been as expected, tons of choices on the menu, plus fresh squeezed juice. The omlettes are big enough to take car of you for breakfast and lunch. Try the Eggs Benedict, with potato pancakes... you'll like it
4	This place is much better than that other pancake chain, IMO.  What you really want to order is the Swedish pancakes.  They are nice and thin with good texture, and the lingonberry sauce is yummy.  The plate of three is not a super-heavy meal and goes nicely with a side of bacon.  As for the rest of it, well, it's breakfast food classic style.  Not a lot of worldly innovation, but it's all good.  Plus they are open at the crack of dawn.
5	Alright, so I may be biased but this has been my favorite place to eat for at least the past 20 years of my life.  I used to travel full time for my job so I've been to several locations across the country; Chicago, Southfield (MI) Toledo, San Diego, Dallas, Atlanta, Aventura (FL), Ft. Lauderdale, Miami, Jacksonville and my hands down favorite Boca Raton!  I've been ordering the same thing for all these years, bacon and eggs with pancakes.  Now these pancakes aren't your ordinary tasting pancakes.  They melt in your mouth and every time you take a bite a slight moan of delight escapes your lips.  Although the portion sizes may vary from one location to the next (The Boca Raton location is my fav because the pancakes were the size of a large plate!) but the pancakes always taste the same.  The prices are a bit higher than typical breakfast spots like IHOP and Denny's but trust me it's well worth it.  Hey, don't take my word, try it for yourself and you will definitely become a believer.  You won't look at any other pancake the same!
4	Love this place! My boyfriend would have me give them 5 stars, but I'm only going with 4 until they offer vegetarian sausage... please? I shouldn't be so picky though, because the menu here is huge, lots to choose from! And decently priced.The omelettes at OHP are out of control huge! First time we ordered them my boyfriend and I looked at each other, open mouths in shock, at their enormous size! I actually prefer my omelettes a little thinner, but I'm always impressed at how thick these are, but still light, fluffy and not overcooked. You're definitely getting your money's worth if  you order one of these. I would recommend the vegetarian or Spanish.I totally dig the crepes here.  My boyfriend does not agree, claims they are too eggy... but I think they're perfect and delish. The Crepe Florentine is the best, Hollandaise sauce... mmm. Comes with 4 little potato pancakes. I really like the flavor of these, but they are too thin (leaving me wanting 4 times as many!)Coffee is good, but no necessarily my favorite cup in Charlotte. The wait staff and always super sweet.The biggest CON at OHP is that you will most definitely have to wait for a table on the weekend (15+ minutes). The good thing is that there's a nice view of the city from the patio/waiting area. AND the kitchen moves their food super fast so the table turnover is quite quick (don't be intimidated by the amount of other people you see waiting!)FYI: there's a BOGO coupon in the Charlotte Citipass book for OPH.
4	Ok my personal breakfast choices in Charlotte are either here, Denny's, or IHOP. This place is always packed on Saturdays and the food and service is great. There are plenty of items on the menu for people to choose from which is great. The omlettes are HUGE! And this is not an understatement either. Two or three people can probably share it and it would be enough. If you want to try a great b-fast place other than IHOP or Denny's...come here and you will not be disappointed
4	I've been to the other location but never here.  Needless to say, same experience of great food was had.  Love the pancakes but even more so love the omelettes!  I had the western omelet and it was as big as my head!  The key to coming to this place is come hungry but understand that you will NOT eat lunch most likely.  They feed you right.The service was a bit off the morning I was there but it does get slammed and is a kid friendly place so I am a bit more lenient with the wait staff with that in mind.
4	I have never liked breakfast foods and I think it is because places like the Original Pancake House are too few and far between!  I always get the hash and eggs for breakfast here.  Outstanding hash - super salty and finely chopped.  The coffee is excellent here and the waitresses are great about topping off your cup.  They have hot sauce but you have to ask for it.  The hash and egg combo comes with hotcakes - someone will have to roll you out of there in a wheel barrow!!Reasonable prices (pay at the front).  Get here early!  Always gets packed.This location is a little sketchy - we have had homeless guys asking for money in the parking lot - ug.
4	I try the Original Pancake House in every city I can. This one is right up there with some of the best one's I've been too. Clean and great staff...and of course, their breakfast menu is a must have experience!!! Excellent pancakes and swedish cakes!
4	I love the Original Pancake House, but I always hated going to the SouthPark location because it's always insanely busy, usually has a long wait and the tables are incredibly close together.  This location is much more comfortable and has a little more room to sprawl.  We got there around 8:30 on a Sunday morning and left just as it was starting to get busy.  Delicious pancakes, cheery atmosphere and quick service gets my vote every time!
4	I love this place.  It is always busy, so you have to be patient, but it is worth it.  You get huge helpings and friendly service.  This is a no fuss kind of place, but try it, you will be hooked!
4	I honestly can not comprehend how people are not completely happy with these pancakes. These are the best pancakes I have ever had. Blows IHOP, Dennys, and any diner that I've been to while living in NY, out of the water. I usually get chocolate chip pancakes, and pour some hot syrup on it. Delicious! Some times I get a (HUGE) omelet with Ham, Bacon, Chorizo, and American. Also Delicious!Only reason they lose a star is I wasn't a fan of their eggs Benedict, and their short opening times.This places need to be 24 hours for those late night meals, though! PLEASE!
3	Waiting in a physical line for food makes me feel like a fat pig going to a trough, so I do not like going here much.When you finally strip your shame and decide to stand in a long food line full of elders and degenerates....the food is pretty good.
5	I love this place.  The food is really good.  My husband, who isn't a big breakfast eater really like this place too.  Service is quick and friendly.    They have the best pancakes I've ever tasted, good thick cut bacon, you can't go wrong with whatever you order.  And it's not too expensive.
5	Yum, yum, and yum.  Pancakes, waffles, omelets - everything I've tried here is good.  SO good.   If you need a good breakfast, go here now!  This location and the one in South park have always been packed when I've been, but I've never had bad service or food.
4	Oh yes. My mom and I ducked in here after a Dr appointment and I'm SO glad we did. the pancakes were delicious actually everything was delicious. Mom had an omelette that was very well done. My steak and eggs were awesome. I ordered the steak medium rare and it came that way. The over easy eggs came out over easy. The service was great she kept me in coffee and water. A previous reviewer complained about eating with 'elders and degenerates'. When I was there the clientele consisted of business people from downtown and medical people from CMC. So . . . yeah. Give them a try.
4	This past Thanksgiving time was my second time here in the past 10 years and to me it was better the second time than the first.  It really does blow all those other huge chains away that seem to enter a city and devour the competition.  No, OPH really is a cut above the rest. The pancakes are naturally on-point with a great variety. Hence the time of year I had to try the pumpkin pancakes - which I've been a fan of before they became famous the nationwide.  I even some simple scrambled eggs to add and they were quite tasty.   The staff was also very nice, even better than before.  Next time in Charlotte this will once again be my first stop-over.
4	Great food at a good price, and a nice location. Get here early, though! It draws a crowd but the service is quick and people are in and out. We always go for pancakes, eggs Benedict (with potato pancakes and apple sauce!) or the omelets (which are HUGE by the way - i think they are something like five eggs, you could definitely share it.)
5	It's a good thing that the line is long on weekend mornings because if it wasn't, I believe I would eat here every day. Their menu is large and includes all your favorites, but the inclusion of pancakes with every meal makes it an absolute delight. I often find myself scouring through breakfast menus to find an option that includes both eggs and pancakes but at this place, there is no searching necessary since all eggs come with pancakes !
5	Love the food...the apple pancake took my son to heaven!!
4	Love this place, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  They serve coffee the right way with real creamer on the side.  Very solid bacon too.
4	The apple pancakes were piping hot and full of apple, cinnamon and real maple syrup. This place has a cool early morning vibe: mixture of old folks, families and business people getting ready for the day and enjoying the company and the food. Service could be faster, but the place was slammed.
4	During their business hours won't be going back to IHOP.  The parking is a bit tight and the crowd showed how good this place was. It was our first visit and looking at the menu we thought the prices were a little bit high, until we saw the plates come out. A good value for the dollar.I had the limited time meat omelette.  The eggs it was made of were light and fluffy and was packed full of meat and cheese.  The pancakes were much better than the dense ones served at some other pancake places.I highly recommend the warm strawberry syrup with the buttermilk pancakes.  Tasted like strawberry shortcake.
4	Saturday morning and I had to stop in, it had been so long.  I had the strawberry pancakes (very fresh with the whipped cream of course), grits and country ham and the mrs had blueberry pancakes with bacon and eggs.  The food was great and the service was even better! Great Job OPH!!
3	Husband and I ventured here one rainy weekend morning when the wait at our favorite neighborhood breakfast joint, Toast of Dilworth, seemed too long to bear. Afterward, I'd wished we had waited - though OPH was by no means BAD. It just wasn't of comparable quality, ambiance or service.My veggie omelet and pancake sides were served hot. The omelet was bursting with veggies and - is it possible? - too much cheese. Husband's bacon, eggs & pancakes were also good - the bacon seemed impossibly long, and was truly thick-cut as advertised. Everything was cooked to order, but had that industrial air where you know things like the omelets come from premixed, cartoned egg 'batter'. Not bad, just not quite what we prefer. Syrup wasn't real maple, just your usual IHOP-y Aunt Butterworth approximation. The setting is also a bit industrial, feeling a bit like a former garage or hanger of some kind. Seats are tightly packed in, so you end up a bit closer to your dining neighbors than we usually prefer. There was a long wait when we arrived, which I get the feeling is pretty typical here, but they at least moved steadily - if not ultra-quickly -  through the wait list. I'm not sure if we'd visit OPH again when we have such stellar competition closer to home, but I'm glad we tried it, at least once.
3	It's your sub-standard breakfast joint. Moderately busy on any given weekday, ungodly busy on Saturdays. It seems like everyone wakes up at the exact same moment and realizes they don't want know how to make pancakes in their own kitchen. The menu is what you've had in every other joint -- pancakes, sausage, bacon, toast, fruit, etc. One thing I do end up enjoying more than any other carb-laden item is the oatmeal. It's actually pretty good and rather hearty. If you're headed in for a quick breakfast/readthrough of the paper on a weekday, you're safe. If you're coming in for a Saturday breakfast at 10am, good luck.
5	Delicious pancakes! Huge omelets! Decent prices.
4	The breakfast here is wonderful. I always get a veggie omelet (with only two eggs) and pancakes.   I don't know what they put in the pancakes to make them so good. They are a pile of buttery, golden deliciousness. They don't need any fancy toppings. They are simple, yet memorable.The decor is simple and unpretentious. The food is the big draw. On the weekends there may be a wait, but its well worth it. This spot is definitely a fav among the locals.
4	The service was very prompt and the food was good. I had an omelette the size of my face! It was awesome. I like the diner feel it gives without being to chain like. Amy was our server and she was absolutely perfect! The comfort of the food and busy atmosphere makes this place feel like home for me.  Good job!
5	Came here on Sunday for lunch. We knew it was going to be super busy so we got here around 12:30......no wait! Oh man, now I know why there is always a wait for this place!!The menu is huge......we were struggling with what to even get! We ended up settling on splitting the Cheesesteak omelet. The omelets all come with 3 pancakes...... I dont think I could ever eat an entire omelet and 3 pancakes myself! Hence the splitting. We substituted the regular buttermilk pancakes for the pumpkin pancakes (I think it was like a $2 upcharge). Good decision. The omelet was sooooo good. Never had anything like it before....cheesesteak in an omelet! The pumpkin pacakes took the cake though! They were served with this legit whipped cream (yes, I know, awful for you but I lived alittle and had some). Could quite possibly be one of the best pancakes I have ever had! This place is breakfast food heaven!
4	I absolutely love breakfast and this place made my love for breakfast even stronger. I came in with a couple friends on a Sunday around noon and, surprisingly, we didn't have to wait that long to get seated even though there were so many people. The menu was extensive and had a wide array of breakfast favorites. One of my friends spoke highly of the omelettes, so I decided to try one. From the many delectable options, I ended up getting the Chorizo Omelette. The omelettes here are not your ordinary omelettes. These huge and fluffy egg delights are perfectly prepared and super cheesy (which is important). As an egg-slut, excitement ran through me as soon as this King-size pillow of an omelette hit the table. And it doesn't end there. All of the egg plates come with 3 excellent buttermilk pancakes. I love pancakes, so that's winning... Two Times. Overall, the service was great and the food was excellent. This is definitely a place I want to return to on my next trip to Charlotte.
4	I had the fresh squeezed oj, which actually tasted fresh squeezed to start. Then had the chorizo omelette. The omelette was HUGE! And so yummy! I got the hashbrowns as a side. They were more like homefries than hashbrowns but they still tasted good. The place was soooo crowded when we went (noon on a Sunday) but we probably only waited 10 minutes for a table. Definitely going back there again soon!
3	Often on weekends (usually rainy weekends for some reason) I find myself craving this place. Saturdays are really packed here so we try to go on Sundays, while most people are at church. That almost always guarantees a parking spot and no wait.My absolute favorite thing here are the pecan pancakes with powdered sugar. I'm always a little disappointed to eat the lower most pancake of the stack since it has little or no powdered sugar. I hope they will remedy that some day. Their waffles are good as well, but I don't remember what kind I had ordered. Most likely pecan waffles.I have tried their omelets before which are decent. The fajita crepes are pretty good, but the potato pancakes are not quite the way we've had them before. What particularly annoys me is their coffee. It is substandard, almost watery, every time we go here, but still somehow costs more than a tall coffee at Starbucks. Every time I realize this and decide I won't order coffee here next time and yet every time I forget it and order it again. Good thing my boyfriend has a habit of checking my Yelp reviews before we go to a place to see what we like and what we don't, so now that I have mentioned that, hopefully I won't be ordering any more coffee here.
5	We got there around 10 am on Sunday.   We were seated right away and got a booth.  Our waitress was most delightful.  Her name was Jessica--super sweet and attentive. Food came out right away.  We got apple pancake and a crape. Portions were large. When we were leaving, the place was quite crowded and there was a wait.
4	(Ate here for breakfast   today )  Didn't have to wait too long and  the food came out pretty quickly. The waitress was friendly and gave suggestions. The menu  is pretty large and offers lots of selections. I  Had the strawberry pancakes with thick sliced  bacon & eggs  and  a  French press.   Pancakes were delicious , bacon was a little "fattier" than I liked but it was ok. Overall everything  was delicious will definitely come back again.
3	The take-out time for a to-go order at 1:30 on a weekday was extremely slow, and the $12 veggie omelet price threw me a bit, but the omelet was HUGE.  Huge, as in 3 lbs at least.  Definitely enough for 2 or more meals.  The fillings (spinach, tomato, broccoli, etc.) were great and the center of the eggs were light and airy and perfect.  Unfortunately, every time I've gotten an omelet here, the outside of the omelet is brown.  That's not great execution.  Also the omelet came with a side of pancakes, which I wasn't expecting.  I guess that was the reason for the $12 price.  It would've been helpful for my diet and willpower to know this in advance so I could tell them not to include.  I'm not sure what part of veggie egg white omelet no cheese extra veggies low oil made them think that pancakes as a side were desirable, but maybe that was my fault for not seeing it on the menu.
5	Food was amazing and service was good! A great place for brunch! I had the chorizo omelette and strawberry pancakes and freshest squeezed O.J! It was all so good! Great experience will definitely go back!
4	There is always a wait for weekend brunch, but for very good reason.  The food is cheap and fantastic!  The service is always very friendly as well and the food is prepared quickly once you do get seated.  I typically get something classic like the bacon and egg breakfast which also comes with fluffy pancakes.  And I'm never disappointed.
2	It had been a couple of years since we visited, and the service (and cleanliness) seems to have gone downhill. We got there around 8:00 a.m. on a Sunday, and it wasn't crowded at all... however, it took so long for our waiter to come by that we were about to get up and leave. He finally showed up, and I ordered the banana walnut pancakes with bacon while the fella ordered sausage and eggs over-well.To be fair, it IS called the Original Pancake House, so sausage and eggs probably aren't the way to go, but the fella got the driest-looking hockey puck sausages I've ever seen. His plate was just sad. My pancakes were good, but they just had a few slices of bananas and walnuts on top - it seemed odd considering most banana pancakes I've had had the bananas already in the batter. The bacon was solid.As we left, the place was pretty packed, so maybe the service gets better as they get busier? I won't be in a hurry to go back.
4	Great food in a IHOP style. But everything was excellent. I had the harsh brown and egg combination. It was delicious and it wasn't a bad price. Waiter was great as he brought our ticket to our table in order to expedite our departure. Only draw back, was the parking area was limited especially if it's a packed house.
4	Our server, Betelehem, was fast, efficient, and very nice, although she was really busy on a Sunday morning. We had two people plus an order to go. It took a while to get our food-maybe 15 mins - not bad considering how busy they were. Get the hash browns - they are really nicely done with real potatoes, skins and all. Pancakes are amazing too. Dense and flavorful. I got the veggie omelet and it was good but way too big so I took half home. Coffee is strong with a bitter aftertaste. I like it that way but may not be for everyone. We were prepared to wait for a table as the parking lot was jammed and people were streaming in from all over but they seated us in about 2 minutes. The hostess could have been more friendly when checking us in. The building has an open ceiling so all the sounds reverberate making the atmosphere rather noisy during busy times. Next time I might try the Dutch Baby. I remember those being pretty tasty from past visits to the locations in Las Vegas.
4	I was in the mood for breakfast and stopped in.I was not disappointed.I was seated immediately and was able to promptly place my order.Everything came out hot and tasty.
4	On Monday, July 14, after reading a few reviews my father-in-law and I decided to give the OPH a try.We were promptly seated and our waitress quickly took our drink orders giving us time to peruse the menu. My father-in-law ordered sausage patties, scrambled eggs and buttermilk pancakes. I ordered thick sliced bacon, scrambled eggs and buttermilk pancakes. The food arrived very quickly and piping hot. Everything was delicious! I could have sat there and eaten bacon until closing!My only drawback is...I'm not a fan of warm syrup because it becomes to watery. However, if you like warm syrup, this is a great breakfast spot. The next time I'm in Charlotte, I will be returning.Good food and good service!
4	There's nothing like breakfast at the Original Pancake House! Whether you're in the mood for one of their signature pancake dishes, an omelet, or their unbeatable Belgian waffles, you won't be disappointed. The service is prompt and friendly, the coffee delicious, and the atmosphere lively and fun. The Midtown location in particular, is THE spot to see and BE seen by Charlotte's business and political crowd. Don't waste your time on any of the pale imitations -- when it comes to great pancakes, only the ORIGINAL will do!
4	Although the pancake syrup is very runny,  there is no lack of flavor.  The waffles are amazing and the fresh fruit that can be added to them is always tasty.  I have had the crepes a few time and never been disappointed.  The wait is always a LONG wait, but for good reason.  If you choose to come here, don't come starving because by the time you get seated you will be!!   I say, perfect timing!!   The wait staff is very friendly and ready to get your food to your table almost as soon as you order it.  Come here and discover the magic of the Original Pancake House!!
5	After moving to Charlotte from Chicago, I thought I'd list the Original Pancake House forever. Then we stumbled upon this location. Food stood up to what i remembered. If you're looking for the best most filling breakfast out there, I'd recommend the apple Pancake. It's less of a pancake and more of an apple pie. The flavors are incredible and you will undoubtedly have leftovers. Now if you're not looking for dessert for breakfast, my go to ate the  49ers. Very thin, chewy pancakes. Amazing. Beware of the wait on weekends. You're usually looking at 30-60 minutes on average, and usually greater than that Sunday after church.
5	If you are looking for the ultimate pancake experience, look know further than the Original Pancake house in midtown Charlotte. The parking is tight and they stay extremely busy so plan accordingly. If you go after 9AM on a weekend the average wait is 20-30 minutes, but they have a waiting area in and outside. The pancakes are always made to order, way more food than you can eat and the variety of toppings is endless. The atmosphere is a little on the noisy side, but you don't go to breakfast for a romantic meal.
5	I really enjoy the Vegetable Omelet! I find I miss it when I visit other restaurants.   It is always fluffy, full of crunchy vegetables like broccoli, mushrooms, onions and tomatoes. Plus just the right amount of cheese. I add a side of there bacon, the French Press Coffee and BOOM! Perfect breakfast !
4	The place was packed on a Sunday morning but surprisingly we only waited about 15 minutes. The offerings are phenomenal and if given a chance, I would eat breakfast there everyday. Everything we had was top notch and I wanted to sample all the delicious looking breakfasts being served around me. I hope I can eat there every time we stay downtown.
4	Breakfast all day.  Who doesn't love breakfast for dinner? Every where i live, i have to find a place that serves diner style breakfast all day because every now and then i need pancakes for dinner. :)This is a little diner type place that has good pancakes and all your regular breakfast items. On weekend mornings there is always a wait and lots of larger groups - but it usually moves pretty fast.They have this thing called a Dutch Baby - I never tried it, but it looked like a giant bowl shaped pancake.. people seemed to like it.Omlets are HUGE, pancakes are fluffy, coffee is diner style..  i like it.
