4	The Rose Tea Cafe is probably the most "Chinese" Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh, offering authentic food that most nearby delivery Chinese joints wouldn't even know how to cook.What does that mean?  If you've grown up eating Chinese food from American restaurants, some of Rose Tea's more eclectic fare may take some getting used to and some of the standard dishes (you know, the Sesame Chicken, the General Tso's) may taste a bit different.My advice?  Be adventurous.  Try something that sounds weird.  If you like it, yay!  Otherwise...uh...try something else next time.The lunch specials (that cover the front of the menu) are an excellent deal - especially if you enjoy their egg and vegetables or order a bubble tea to go along with it - and the dishes aren't too weird.The atmosphere of the place is also nice.  It's small and cozy, with the tables far enough apart that eating doesn't feel cramped.  It can get quite loud inside, but that just another way Rose Tea makes it feel like a little piece of Chinatown in Pittsburgh.
4	This is not a typical fast food American-Chinese place. If you treat it like one, you will be disappointed. Don't order those dishes. What this is, however, is homestyle Taiwanese Chinese cuisine. In fact, it's so homestyle that my friends who grew up in Taiwan found the place quite boring--"This is basically what my mom would make."For me, however, the food was wonderful. I love the Taiwanese Sausage, the shredded pancakes, the marinated beef. If you order something that's actually from the Taiwanese Chinese cuisine, I think you'll be impressed. Pay particular attention to the front page meal deals.The "cafe" in the name comes from its origins--it was originally just a small cafe that served bubble tea and some random Taiwanese snacks. Several years ago they renovated and turned into a tiny restaurant. The decor improved dramatically and I do enjoy sitting there to eat. Their bubble tea is still some of the best in Pittsburgh, so be sure to give that a try.
5	Note that this place is mis-categorized--it is a full-fledged restaurant.  While they do serve bubble tea (excellent bubble tea at that), they also have a full menu.So for the food...Rose Tea does not serve Americanized Chinese food.  There is no General Tso's or any other foe Chinese dishes.  This is Taiwanese, home style.  Much the same that my friends eat when they go to Taiwan (so I've heard).  So, here is a list of things you should try:Taiwanese Chunk Chicken (San bei ji).  Chunked chicken is a sauce made from garlic, basil, ginger, dried red peppers, soy sauce, rice wine, and sesame oil. Scallion Pancake with Egg..  Think of an omlette.  Yea, sounds weird, just try it.Taiwanese Sausage.  Its just sliced sausage, with garlic (raw).  Try it.Taiwanese sausage fried rice.  The above in fried rice, enough said.Beef with Chinese hot pepper.  Be prepared for the fire, but this is an excellent dish.Pork with Bean Sprouts and Shrimp (i think that's the name)That should give you a good starting point.  The service is not perfect, but better than you should expect from most Asian establishments.  I am giving this a 5-star rating because this is the best Taiwanese food you can find in Pittsburgh (and anywhere, and I've tried a few outside of Pittsburgh).
5	Good food by any standard.  Fresh, tasty, amazing soups on a cold Pittsburgh day.  Just don't go too late.
5	WOW!!!  This place is great.  I went with a Taiwanese friend of mine and I smartly let him order for me.  He ordered what he termed "standard" fare but to me it was new and absolutely delicious.  I even tried the "stinky" tofu.  The smell was odd but once you got past it, the tofu was tasty and had a nice kick.  He ordered for me some braised pork with rice dish and OMG, it was like butter.  So tasty.  Large portions too.  Bubble tea was great also.  Again, tried something different (taro?) and wasn't disappointed.  You know the place is excellent because the place was packed and there were Chinese families waiting patiently to get in.
5	great specials.  portion size is large.  also, if you order a special, you get like a buck off your bubbletea.  They have an extensive selection of bubbletea; and they happen to have my favorite: almond milk tea.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Whenever I come back to town, I make it a priority to eat here.This is one of the ony restaurants I've ever been to in the United States that serves such a large variety of Taiwanese specialties.  Outside of Taiwan, this is the best I've eaten.I really like the special plates they serve that come with a choice of meat and then some rice, veggies, and a boiled egg.  Man, I love those eggs.I also highly recommend the appetizers.  The Chinese style sausage with garlic and the crispy fried tofu are my favorites.Overall, the food is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.  They also make some of the best bubble tea around.
3	I wanted to like this place - I miss good Chinese (or Taiwanese, I grew up with it all) food!  I am not as impressed with this restaurant as other people seem to be, but that may be because my mother cooks better food.  It's just ok.
4	Very good chinese food. My favorite dish is the tofu+shrimp. Also, the only place in Pittsburgh with pudding flavoured bubble tea (it might be off the menu at this point). It's fairly expensive, but I haven't found it anywhere else and it used to be a fav of mine in Mountain View...
4	The food is good, portions are small if you're doing family style. If you're looking for a place that serves chicken balls in pineapple sauce, DON'T come here. I only say that, bec. there was a family at the next table to me complaining about their food to the waiter. There was nothing wrong w/ their food, but I think they thought it was going to be something else. One caveat. When someone says that Rose Tea Cafe has the best bubble tea in Pittsburgh, that doesn't mean much. If you like the bubble teas made from powdered mixes, you might like it. However, I prefer fresh fruit juice bubble teas, which no one in Pittsburgh seems to do.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in Squirrel Hill.  Really good, seemingly authentic Chinese food.  Not the typical General Tso's Chicken, but lots of interesting, fresh dishes.  Prices are reasonable.  Don't forget to order some sweet milk tea, with or without tapioca bubbles.
3	Centrally located, the food is pretty good but I come here for one reason. BUBBLE TEA. Lot's of flavors and so far in the Burgh it's the best place to get it. Plus when the weather's nice you can take it to go and suck up those tapioca balls on Forbes Ave.
4	How could I not love Rose Tea Cafe?! This was the first place that served up bubble tea and the food is not half bad either!  I love the shaved ice dessert above all else.. This place does not disapoint with the choice of dishes on the menu.. I usually order the three cup chicken - delish! a must go for great taiwanese food.. I'm not sure if they have expanded the restaurant but if I remember, the place is small and it does get crowded during busy hours.. still not too bad of a wait tho.
5	I keep coming back to this place.  Taiwanese cuisine. The tastes are fantastic and I find myself eating smaller portions because the food is so satisfying. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is casual but charming. I recommend the salt and pepper squid.
4	Some of the best Chinese food I have found in Pittsburgh. Conveniently located right on Forbes. Only complaint, no fried noodles with the egg-drop soup.
5	This is one of the very few places I would take my parents to eat if they came to visit me in Pittsburgh.  The food is authentic Taiwanese fare and sooo delicious.  Honestly, it is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever had a meal at (and coming from someone who has lived in Seattle and visited Vancouver B.C., this is quite a compliment).  Please do yourself a favor and do not order any of the of typical American-Chinese food (I'm not even sure if they have it because I did not go looking for it) and instead try the Basil Squid or Garlic Eggplant.  The portions are decent and the prices are very reasonable.  Last time my sister and I went we paid around 40 bucks total, which included soup, a seafood dish, a veggie dish, and a generous tip.  Unfortunately the restaurant is on the small side so on a Friday or Saturday night it can get crowded, but don't get discouraged!  Your tastebuds will thank you.
5	To stay consistent with the other reviews I have... this place is one of the three best places in Pittsburgh that I miss with all my heart. I went to school there, and Rose Tea has quite grown on me. Somehow it has wonderful and quite possibly the best Taiwanese food I've ever had. But this could be because I only really started digging Taiwanese a year or two ago.I used to stick with the shredded beef with Chinese hot peppers because my Korean American friends used to tell me that it was the closest dish to Korean food, and I tend to agree. However, once I discovered the wondrous Taiwanese Chuck Chicken ("San Bei Ji") and the Taiwanese Meatball (in Chinese it said something like Lion's Head on the menu) the flame was on. There's something oddly addicting to Taiwanese food that sets itself apart from other Chinese cuisines. Cantonese has a splash of meaty, greasy flavor, Beijing is crisp and dry, Sichuan kicks you in the mouth with the spices, Guizhou is surprisingly refreshing and clean despite the full-scale flavor, and on and on... But Taiwanese cuisine has some common ingredient in it that this Americanized-but-still-broadly-appreciative-Korean-boy got hooked to. I have yet to figure that out yet.Oh, and they have great bubble teas too. Almost forgot. I miss you Rose!
4	Let me start off by saying that I moved to the Pitts from Chicago about 3 months ago.  I've already had 3 terrible experiences with 3 different so-called Chinese restaurants.  They all told me (a Chinese-Vietnamese person) that 'chow mein' means 'stir fried vegetables'.  Correct me if I'm wrong (and I know I'm not), but chow mein is usually stir-fried egg noodles with meat and veggies.  I think they try to cheat people here because there aren't that many Asians.  But I'm pretty sure that most non-Asians know the same thing.  Even if that is what it meant, all I got everytime was a plate of stir-fried onions with a scrap here and there of a veggie.  I almost gave up hope....Then someone told me about Rose Tea Cafe.  Finally....a menu that didn't have the same ole sh*t that every other Chinese AMERICAN menu offered.  I was so excited, I ordered 4 dishes on my first trip.  I know...kinda crazy.  But I was not disappointed.  I especially enjoyed the house special stir-fried noodles.  I finally got my noodles. :)The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I have had better and more authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food before.  But for Pittsburgh, this is certainly as close as you will get.  I will be coming back for more!
5	I haven't been able to find a replacement for Taiwanese food here in the city as of yet (maybe I'm not trying hard enough?). I remember Rose Tea back when it was just a bubble tea and small plates place with tacky decorations in bright primary colors. Thank goodness for the improvement in decor and expansion of the menu! Every time I came to Rose Tea I'd leave on the verge of exploding (and then of course I'd head over to Rita's or Coldstone). My favorite dishes: their fried rice, lo mein, shredded beef with hot peppers, pork with baby bamboo shoots, and taiwanese stir fried rice cake. Fantastic bubble tea as well, especially the green tea with milk. Only complaint is that I'm not a big fan of the owner lady - she was always very rude and curt (see review for Lulu's).
3	Seriously, though, how the heck does Pittsburgh get a good Taiwanese restaurant when Manhattan's still lacking! I need to head out to Flushing for my fix (and who really wants to take the subway there?). Authentic Taiwanese food, and surprisingly good bubble tea. My sister was complaining that there weren't that many Asians in Pittsburgh. After walking into this joint and through the Asian markets up by North Beach... I realized she was smoking crack. I mean, have you been to Altoona, PA?! Yeah... most people haven't. If only the owner/sales lady in the back removed the stick from her bum... this place would probably be a 4 stars. ... but that stick is jammed up there pretty tight.
5	besides being the only bubble tea place in Squirrel HIll, It is also some of the most authentic asian food you will find. YOu say "but mike, you are white, what do you know about asian food" Good question. NOTHING. I do read a lot of blogs and an asian gentleman did write a blog saying this is the most authentic chinese food he has had since his mom made it for him. I trust that guy and so should you.
3	Can't say I agree with the "authentic" claims that other people have made for this place.  While it has some of the more palatable Chinese food I've had in Pittsburgh so far, it was not a meal that I felt satisfied the unbearable ache I've been feeling in my stomach for good Chinese food that I've had since moving here from California.For one thing, no authentic Taiwanese breakfast.  For another thing, ma po tofu, in my recollection, involves not only tofu but also minced pork.  We got some tofu floating in a sea of thick sauce that was... not... ma po... tofu...Curry over rice was pretty good.  Again, I'm not saying that place is bad.  But seriously folks.  This isn't authentic Chinese food.
2	Rose Tea Cafe has truly gone down the tubes since the days I was in college, when it first opened. I remember the hype of "the first GOOD bubble tea place in Pittsburgh" and it really did live up to being just that. Then I would come here and get my fix of beef noodle soup, rice with braised pork, rice with pork chops, sausage fried rice, etc. and leave pretty happy. But no longer. I came here this past week (nov 2008) and was very much disappointed. Perhaps if I came without the expectation of it being pretty good, I might have given this place 3 stars. But, the let down is not forgivable and I fear that I will opt never to come back here again. And to think, I used to rave about this place to other people?!! The food was excessively oily, with no distinguishable flavors except salt and soy sauce. The service was pretty pathetic too. Besides the employees, I think I only saw one other table of Chinese people out of a pretty full restaurant. That should've tipped me off in the first place!So, please do NOT call this place authentic Taiwanese food. Ugh, the good ratings for this place kind of makes me wanna puke.
5	Love love LOVE Rose Tea Cafe.  The best dumplings and bobo tea in the 'burgh!  I've been searching high and low for the perfect iced bobo tea and dumplings and Rose Tea comes the closest yet.The tea:Pros:  REAL brewed black tea, consistently good bobo, good flavor, not too sweet.Cons:  A bit pricely ($3.50 for a small)I'm a little bit obsessed with finding the perfect iced bobo tea.  I look for 4 things:1) Real brewed black tea2) Properly cooked Bobo (firm, but not hard center)3) Good flavoring4) Balance (right amount of ice, Bobo, milk/tea)1)  Tea is consistently delicious.2)  Usually perfect- a bit firm in the center!3)  Liquid flavors4)  Good amount of ice, tea, milk (powdered), bobo.  They use a shaker which really makes all the difference.  Very consistent product!The dumplings are SUPER fresh, with hand-made wrappers. Also, the portion is great for the price - 8 for $4.50!My fiance and I got to Rose Tea a lot.  The only major disappointments are the specials on the front of the menu, which are consistently bad.  They also like to rush people out.Highlights - Taiwanese chunk chicken, sauteed string beans, pan-fried noodles!
3	Rose Tea Cafe use to be a lot better when I first started going there.  It has gone downhill ever since with decreased quality, decreased portions, and increased prices.  The only things I would get there now are only select items off its Taiwanese/Chef Special section: stir fried Chinese Watercress, Short Ribs w/ Black Pepper, Eggplant w/ Pork, and Country Style Spareribs.  Their Taiwanese Chunk Chicken is decent but way overpriced, their Pork Intestine dishes are pretty good, but also ridiculously overpriced.  Rose Tea Cafe is the only place (that I know of) in Pittsburgh that offers stinky tofu, but I'd rather wait until I can travel to another city or country where there its better.  I would not touch the items off their front page daily meal specials unless I don't have a large appetite AND also want a bubble tea, as there is a $1 discount off bubble teas with the meal special.It is definitely worth trying, but not worth putting into a restaurant rotation.
4	Excellent food most of the time.  I would come here fairly often during undergrad, once I realized LuLu's was not that great.  Really, you should go here for the bubble tea which is quite tasty. I am a fan of the dumpling, pan fried noodles, and braised pork.  The other reviewers are correct in saying it is not as good as it was, but it is still decent.
4	This is probably the best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh for what it is.  There are others which seem more authentic and popular with people who are Chinese (e.g., Tasty restaurant on S. Highland), and others yet which are super upscale (Richard Chen's in Eastside --also off of S. Highland).   This place has a great chicken with green chili peppers and a number of other dishes.  The bubble teas are also wonderful.   A couple of dishes are kind of goofy, like a chinese version of chicken fried chicken steak.  I am not sure if this is actually a modified authentic recipe or a pander to American palates in the worst possible way.  In any case the chili chicken makes up for most transgressions.
1	Are you guys serious?  My meal at Rose Tea Cafe was the saltiest thing I've ever had, and I've eaten a big heaping bowl of salt.  Greasy, too... I felt sick after eating here.  My bubble tea nearly gave me a headache from all the sugar, and I usually love sweet things.Maybe this is authentic, but it isn't good.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly service, nice atmosphere, excellent food, and reasonable prices. Their chicken noodle soup is hands down the best I've ever had (great when you have a cold!), and the shrimp lo mein is to die for. Rose Tea also has a huge selection of bubble tea drinks which have been (mostly) to my liking.
4	Rose Tea has a lot of good meals, but if I had to pick one, I'd recommend the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken as simply out of this world.  It's a pot of steaming chicken with garlic and ginger bits, and God knows what else.As for bubble tea, I'm a huge fan of taro, and you can request this hot during the bitter Pittsburgh winter.  Almond is also good.It can get pretty crowded in there, but waits generally don't take too long.  It's a medium sized restaurant, and tables tend to flip pretty fast.
3	Serves reasonably authentic[*] Taiwanese food. No, it's not the best I've had in the U.S. (it cannot be compared to even the most average place in San Gabriel Valley (of LA)), and yes, it's a bit over-priced (for Pittsburgh), but when you're in the mood for some Taiwanese sausages or taro cakes or cuttlefish balls or "three cups chicken," they're the only game in town.  Personally, I enjoy the ambiance (crowds of Asian college students having a good time over bubble teas while the radio blares out J-pop tunes) though I imagine it's not for everyone.[*] Re: authenticity -- by this I simply mean that they serve dishes that resemble some dishes known to people from Taiwan, and that their focus is not American-Chinese food. An earlier reviewer didn't find Rose Tea authentic enough because they don't serve Taiwanese styled breakfast and because their rendition of ma-po tofu doesn't match her recollection of the canon. I think that is too stringent a requirement for a mom-and-pop shop in Pittsburgh. Moreover, authenticity should not be confused with quality. There are plenty of terrible restaurants in Taiwan that are, by definition, authentic. There are also restaurants that serve delicious dishes that are unapologetically Americanized.
3	Love their fried chicken drumstick over rice. Best choice for a take out. But if you dine in, they have lots of decent dishes to choose from. I was there yesterday with some friends. My last visit was quite some time back and so yesterday I was shocked at how the portion of each dish we ordered had shrinked! They used to serve you much bigger portion! Times are really bad! However, there's still quality in their food. Just not the service level. The employees are not exactly making you feel welcome at all. They just want to chase you out right after you finish eating.Well I can't really blame them cos the place is quite small. I won't stay long right after I eat especially when I know there's ppl queuing for tables. Another thing I don't like their one rice per dish thingy. We are a group of 4 adults ordering 3 dishes plus an appetizer so we will only get 3 bowls of rice and have to pay extra for one more. Who sets this stupid rule??? It really got me offended when I first learnt about it. Yes, their 3cup chicken may be good, but now I've learnt to cook my own after I found a really good recipe from online. Will not be visiting this place often...
4	Great for when I want to have a Taiwanese/Hong Kong style dish and they do have great bubble tea. I've had better food elsewhere, but it's great for Pittsburgh. Some of the dishes can be inconsistent in qualify from time to time. However, the restaurant is in a great location in Squirrel Hill, and it definitely fulfilled my cravings for Taiwanese/Chinese food when I did go there! :)
4	Not crazy about the atmosphere, and I've never had the bubble tea, but I got hooked on the first lunch special (some sort of ground pork thing, with pickled greens and preserved egg over rice) years ago and I never manage to order anything else.  From tasting other people's food, I can also say that the chunk chicken is awesome (overpoweringly gingery and garlicky, but good), and the appetizer of Taiwanese sausage with sliced garlic is greasy but delicious.  The Taiwanese sausage fried rice is good too.  Still, I'll never give up that mixture of savory pork, vinegary greens, perfectly cooked rice and egg, and I'm not usually a menu-rut kind of person.
3	I like the chicken noodle soup for $7.95. Bubble tea whoop whoop (but pricey and lots of ice). For Pittsburgh it's good and worth trying if you haven't had Taiwanese.
5	I love this restaurant. The pan fried noodles are delicious as well as the bubble tea. I recommend the tea coffee! Try parking in the lot on Shady if you cannot find street parking. (Behind Color Me Mine, etc.)
4	Good Eats for Cheap! Best Kimchi in the burg. For a good meal in a awesome neighborhood stop in and take a seat. This place use to strictly serve drinks - so the bubble tea is very good. But the food is great too. Menu Fav: Chicken Kimchi/Eggplant and Chicken
5	I can only write this review based on their bubble tea, but it's one if not the best bubble tea I've had in Pittsburgh.They get it right in all the flavors with my favorite being their milk coffee.
3	This is probably the only decent Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. Back in college, it was the only restaurant my parents would go to when they came to visit. My favorites are any stir-fried shrimp dish and Sanbeiji (which i think is listed as Taiwanese Chunk Chicken). It's good food, but don't expect anything on the level of NYC or Vancouver.
4	Pretty good place, one of the few decent chinese food places in Pittsburgh.  Good bubble teas, a bit expensive though.  Can be crowded and is very cramped
2	Rose Tea's gone even more downhill since the last time I've reviewed it (is that even possible?)  my last visit to Rose Tea was around two weeks ago and it was only because Chaya was closed for the week (we found out AFTER we got to Chaya's front steps).Food just isn't good anymore.  I got their braised pork belly b/c well, I love pork belly and it's pretty damn hard to mess up.  It tasted as if the pork belly was boiled in water and then topped with the "braising liquid".  Come to think of it, everything kinda tastes like the ingredients are all precooked and then thrown together like they do at Orient Express.My expectations as a whole weren't high to begin with after the years of quality deterioration, but come on Rose Tea, don't break my heart like that, I bruise like a peach...
1	The food has gotten better over the years, but the service remains one of the rudest in the city. For some reason, the people who work here could care less about their customers, and it shows. The food is decent, but there are other just as solid choices when it comes to Asian food not just in Pittsburgh, but in Squirrel Hill as well.
4	They have a great selection of bubble tea. I had the black tea and milk, it was over ice. I like iced versions of bubble tea much better than frozen versions. My cousin got a mango bubble tea which was nice and sweet and also over ice. I liked mine so much, I got a second one to go. The menu was a little overwhelming. If you are unfamiliar with more authentic thai food, then much of the menu will not make any sense to you. The meals are listed in one line with the name and protein of what the dish it. There is no description to what you are about to order, so it's a little bit of a gamble. I ordered chicken over pan-fried noodles. It was very good. The sauce it was in was very tasty, the meat, veggies, and noodles were all cooked very well. Again I wish the menu gave better clues as to the contents of the dishes, and I would have ventured a little further out of the safe zone. I would love to go again, but it would be nice to take someone who knows the food so I can get a better recommendation. If nothing else, I will fill up on bubble tea.
4	Good place for Taiwanese/Chinese food in Pittsburgh.  The only decent one I've found so far, comparable to what I'm used to eating in Cali.A little pricey though, prepare to spend like $15 for a drink, some rice, and a standard dish.When I really want some chinese food, I come here.
2	Authentic - maybe - In not one that would know this. Good - Not to me.  Portion size was small (had carry out - not sure if it matters), think there was 1/2 of oil in the container after i finished eating it.   Have had way better noodle dishes for 1/2 the price of this place.  Guess the other reviews on the downfall of this place are spot on!
4	My absolute favorite place in Pittsburgh to find boba.  And to top if off, the food is incredible.  It's a little on the pricey side, but I feel like it's worth it.  I haven't left dissatisfied.  Their lunch specials are really good so if you can go during the day, it's a deal.  The place is super tiny and seems to get pretty crowded almost every night for dinner, so go early and don't go in huge groups.  The service is really fast and everyone is friendly...probably my favorite place in the burgh to get Taiwanese/Chinese food.
5	Love the chunk chicken. Great stinky tofu for being in the states. Boba tea is overpriced but it's pretty authentic. This place is awesome if you want some real authentic Taiwanese food.
4	i was considering giving this place 3 stars b/c of how ridiculously overpriced i thought it was, especially for chinese food, but then i thought again about how there are no other options in pittsburgh for good taiwanese food so why wouldn't these greedy/cheap asian owners milk their restaurant for all that it's worth?? that's just good business sense. so the food isn't bad, just overpriced but since i don't live here i am ok w/ it since i can go elsewhere for my chinese-food fix.
4	One of my favorite chinese/taiwanese restaurants around pittsburgh.  It has the best bubble tea, and the chunk chicken is equally amazing.  However, the food is somewhat expensive for a chinese restaurant.
3	Just a disclaimer: I have only been here once for the food, and I'm not an expert on Taiwanese cuisine by any means. I'll have to try again and update!So for some reason, I have a lot of Taiwanese friends, and I found myself eating at the only Taiwanese restaurant in State College quite often when I went to Penn State. Rose Tea Cafe, for me, didn't exactly measure up to that. I know I'm super lame, but I wish they had more noodle-based dishes, so that was a little disappointing for me. I ended up ordering the spicy short ribs. I really, really loved the sauce on them, a little sweet almost like a General Tso's but spicier and and the portion size was huge! However, when I think short ribs, I think of tender meat and delicious, soft fat. These were rather tough and the fat was chewy and inedible. But like I said, the sauce was amazing, so I'm definitely going to give this place another shot. All the weird things like intestines and smelly tofu and cuttlefish balls on the menu make me want to love it for authenticity's sake. Also, dinner service was extremely fast!I do come here often for the boba tea, which is probably the best in the city. The first time I went, I decided to be "adventurous" and get something that consisted of non-dairy creamer, egg, boba, and green apple syrup. Bad idea, but that was my fault. I should've taken the facial expression of the woman at the counter when I ordered as a warning.  Next time I just did the black milk tea. Much better!
4	I love the Taiwanese food here. It is a relatively good place to come here with your friends. However, I would not recommend coming with your parents. The restaurant is between of a fast food and Taiwanese restaurant (really nice for college students who wants a relatively fast and good meal). However, it is a bit pricey. Food I recommend: Bubble Tea, Dinner combos, and San Bei Ji (Three Cup Chicken)
4	There is a lot to say about this restaurant and many will give you mixed responses.First off, I'll say (boldly) that this restaurant serves the best and most authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh. The dishes are so flavorful and well-done that your taste buds will relish in happiness. Dishes of note are the Kimchi Seafood Hotpot, Taiwanese Chunk Chicken (aka three cup chicken), and Beef Noodle Soup.Now for some cons. The restaurant staff will try to shoo you away during peak hours, often cleaning up your food and drink without asking for your permission. While this may seem rude, I can understand because the place is really small and they want to make sure people who are waiting for a table are seated. You need to accept that this will happen during peak hours. If you don't like it, come at off-peak hours.Some of the really good dishes are quite pricey, but it's well worth it. You're stomach and taste buds won't complain one bit.
5	Rose Tea is the go-to place if you're craving authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh. The prices are ok, the menu is extensive, and the service is good. The bubble tea/smoothie selection is excellent! You haven't experienced Rose Tea if you haven't had one of their bubble teas!I've never had anything bad here, but they do have their cheaper options on the front of their menu. They have certain meals for $6.25, plus a discount on your bubbly tea if you choose to get one with the meal.
4	The best Taiwanese noodles in Pittsburgh ! Comfortable sitting and clean restaurant.
4	One of my favorite spot in Pittsburgh serves authentic Taiwanese food if you know what to order.  They have a very reasonably priced lunch menu.  My favorite is the three cup chick (you can ask for fish instead as well, it's not on the menu) and fish in bean sauce.
5	Bubble-tea only review...I'm an avid bubble tea drinker, and this place passes the test :).Definitely in the top 5% I've ever tried...  Wow - you can even taste the tea!  I got to try their regular milk tea and the jasmine green milk tea - pleased with both.In comparison, about 60% of the boba I have tried taste like straight up high-fructose corn syrup and ice...Would like to go back for some of the most appetizing looking dishes I saw people chowing down, if I'm ever in the area again...
3	It's hard to find authentic Taiwanese food. I was pleased to come across Rose Tea Cafe. Being in a rush, I got the beef stew noodles to go. The soup is well spiced and authentically flavored. Although the beef chunks are well cooked, there were only a few pieces. I was a bit peeved when I found a piece of hair in the noodles. The noodles themselves also gave off a strange odor. Total cost: just over $9. Parking is side- street parking. I would go there again to give the bubble tea and the rest of the menu another shot.UPDATE: went back recently, and had the salt and pepper fish with rice. Lovely. I'm still not a fan of the service, just very curt and not friendly. They always seem like they're in a rush to push you to finish which I suppose makes sense since the space is so small.
5	As many have said, this restaurant easily serves the best authentic Taiwanese food in the Pittsburgh area. I have many Taiwanese friends who drive 2 hours from Ohio just to come here! The food is great, although not absolutely amazing. On the hand, the bubble tea is wonderful. Definitely some of the best I've ever had. Their smoothies are really delicious as well.
5	I used to go here back when I went to Carnegie Mellon.  This is probably the best Taiwanese food I've had so far -- better than what I find in NY.  It's probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Restaurant / Service - Pretty casual restaurant.  Not that big at all and you can see them making bubble tea all the time at their bubble tea to go bar.  Sometimes it can be hard to get a table during lunch time or dinner time but if you go at 1pm or at 6pm vs. at 12 or 7pm then you're more likely to get a table. They are closed once a week so make sure to call em and see if they are open (usually it's a Monday or Tuesday that they are closed--kinda random but I know another chinese restaurant that does the same).  The service is pretty fast. You just go in, order and they bring it to you as quickly as possible.  Food - AWESOME! The end.  hahah jk.  They have great lunch specials (6.25).  My favorites are the beef stew over rice, taiwanese fried chicken with sauteed pork and vegetables over rice with a boiled egg, taiwanese pork chop over rice and curry over rice (tastes like my dad's).  Everything's so well made there that you can't go wrong with anything really.  I once got kimchi chigae (korean @ a taiwanese rest?!) but it was really good and my friend Jay who's korean liked it as well.  Taiwanese chunk chicken, fried fish cake, dumplings, and salt n' pepper porkchops are also my staples here.  The bubble tea is also really good here.  I always get a bubble tea with my meal.  I think this place introduced me to bubble tea actually.  Wow special times.  Price - Lunch specials 6.25?!  This is why I went here at least once a week back in college :) If you ever find yourself in Pittsburgh and craving asian food, go here and then if you want dessert afterwards, go to dozen cupcake shop around the corner :)
4	Of all the places in Pittsburgh where I have tried bubble tea, Rose Tea Cafe definitely has the most extensive selection. They also seem to have the most authentic setup, complete with a bubble tea shaker machine. I had the black tea milk tea. It wasn't overly sweet, but it had a bit of a chalky texture from the mix they use. Their boba are okay, I like them to be somewhat sweeter, these were on the bland side. I did like the smaller size of their boba, some places use large ones that easily get stuck in the straw. All in all I liked the flavor of it overall, other than the chalkiness that is left behind in the cup. I am eager to try some of the other flavors.The service was fine and we got our drinks quickly. We have not yet tried the food, but it definitely smelled good in there, so we'll give it a go next time.
4	Rose Tea Cafe has fantastic Bubble Tea. The food is good, but not extraordinary, but portions are generous, and service is fast.In sum, while there are better Taiwanese restaurants in Pittsburgh, Rose Tea Cafe is worth the trip for the bubble tea alone.
5	My wife and I go rose tea once a month when one of us is craving the stinky fried tofu.  Their bubble tea one of the best in Pittsburgh.   The service is fast.  The seating is a bit limited but usually we can get seated pretty fast.  The Taiwanese food is great and the menu selection is large but not like a book.  I recommend this place if you are in the neighborhood.  PS, we go to get  some froyo after dinner at Rizzy Fresh.  Best frozen yogurt in the burg and fresh fruit toppings are great!
3	Better than LuLu's but still just average. Yummy bubble tea gives this establishment a slight edge over its competitors. Given the option between Rose Tea and Zaw's, I would choose Zaw's any day of the week.
4	Boba (aka Bubble Tea (aka Tapioca)) is fantastic here.Back in California, we have a boba chain called Tea Station and Ten Ren's.  Theirs is the best I've ever tasted and Rose Tea Cafe is comparable.  Their Green Milk Tea (or jasmine milk tea in other places) was the perfect hint of tea.  The consistency was not too thin or thick.  Their actual tapioca balls... I don't recall whether they were exceptional but they weren't bad.  The food is pretty good and comes in healthy portions.Now, the BAD...  the wait is absolutely ridiculous.  If you come around dinnertime- 6p or 7p, you really have to wait an hour for two people.  It's also a very narrow room so the waitresses are constantly tripping around people waiting by the door.I just advise that you come around 8 or 9p or a lot earlier in the day.
3	Had lunch here while visiting my buddy in Pittsburgh. Food is good and authentic but nothing spectacular to rave about. I love their extensive menu with all the Taiwanese dishes that i love growing up. Bubble tea here is awesome as i can tell the bubbles are not left overs from previous night on the few occasions i stopped by. Price is reasonable with pretty good portion. Only complaint i have is the staff. We got there 5mins before they open but they refuse to let us wait inside. Then the staff was a little reluctant at first but did warmed up eventually and got friendlier.
4	The only quality Chinese food I've been able to find in Squirrell Hill - they lose a star only for not delivering (which is perhaps unfair since not a lot of places here do), but it's worth it to pick up a to-go order.
2	The food here is okay, not bad. Boba tea is average, I've had much better in California :(. Their service is terrible, especially when you order take-out.  The waiters/servers who give you your order is so rude!
3	I hate to give this place a mediocre review but...here's why.I used to love this place.  My parents, straight from asia, love this place.  In fact, every time they come to visit, the request we go here.  Pamela's for pancakes, and Rose Tea for dinner.  It had great Taiwanese/chinese dishes, very authentic, very delicious.  Probably one of the BEST chinese food places in Pgh.  Clean, happy, bright restaurant, with friendly staff.  Oh so slightly expensive for chinese food (most dishes are $10+) but a) its family style so you all share, and b) its way better food than the little shack around the corner.However, in the past few times I've come, its been...different.  I don't know if its because it's gotten so busy, or if it's changed ownership, or whatnot, the food hasn't been as amazing as it's been before.  Frequently, we get told "Oh that's run out." Um...you ran out of cucumbers at 6pm?  Really?The food hasn't been as hot, or flavorful, and I found myself more often then not disappointed at the meal. So, it's definitely still my go-to place for chinese food in the burgh, but...it's not as amazing as it once was.
4	Hands down, favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh and probably favorite Taiwanese restaurant ever!I love almost every single dish they have on the dinner menu.  I would stay away from the fried rice and fried noodles, etc though.The intestine dish is perfectly spiced, perfectly flavored and perfect for a cold night.  Their three cup chicken is unmatched anywhere else! Even their milk tea is fantastic!  Perfect blend of milk and tea flavor with tasty sweet chewy tapioca balls.  The wait is pretty bad since so many people know how fantastic of a restaurant this is so come prepared or come during off peak hours.  The place is small too so I wouldn't come in too big of a group unless you want to wait even longer. Sigh, Rose Tea, how I miss thee...
3	I had Sunday lunch with a bunch of Taiwanese that go there frequently. Apparently as authentic Taiwanese as you get.That much said I personally thought the food was just good and not great. We shared a variety of dishes family style including pepper beef. Nothing really stood out. Service is pretty average.If you like Taiwanese food, this is probably the place for you. If you are ambivalent then I doubt anything will really wow you and it will be just another moderately priced Chinese restaurant.
4	Okay, the winter holidays brought me back from Asia to Stateside... and to more Asian food? Yeah, hazards of visiting an Asian family. It's been a while, but I'll venture a crack at my typical Chinese mother and her needs to eat the food of her people regardless of where she's at (yes, we did dine on Chinese near the Spanish Steps of Rome).Surprisingly though, the Taiwanese food here is better than what you can find in Singapore. Weird. I know. This time around we found some better options to pick at this joint... faves stand as follows:  - beef noodle soup - three cup squid (think of the three cup chicken but with squid)- pig's blood spicy hot blood -- okay this is not for the faint of heart, or the non-adventurous, but I found it delicious, esp. ladled over a bowl of rice- and to throw in some green (you know, for digestion), their simple stir-fried veg is nice and tastyBut you can pass over some of the other mediocre dishes, like the lu rou fan (the minced meat over rice) and their curry seafood dishes. Service isn't stellar, but when you compare to the likings of China and Singapore, it's bloody fantastic. Not to mention you can order take out as well. Oh, and we didn't meet the boss lady from hell, so that must of colored my review more favorably.What can I say? My standards seem to have dropped. Asia's making me jaded.
4	This is my first time in Pittsburgh and it's pretty difficult for me to get out here. However, if my friends let me, I would eat the next few meals at this very same place. That's how good it is! The first thing I noticed when walking in are the cute jar cups! I've wanted one for the longest time and believe me I had to really remind myself of my morals to resist the temptation to slip one into my bag...Anyways the decor is neat and the interior is clean. The only complaint I have is the cold draft that would penetrate the room each time someone opened the door. Hence, we had to eat with our jackets on. The choices are many. At first I wanted to order taiwanese chunk chicken but I was too full to get it so I ordered from the cheaper menu. I got beef stew over rice. The beef was tender and came with many vegetables in the stew along with a side of pickled veggies. I really liked the pickled veggies. I then remembered that I hated beef stew but I ate it anyways. I think that it's a great dish for someone who likes beef stew to start with. All the dishes on the special menu come with soy browned egg. YUMMY! Another favorite was the scallion rolled pancake with beef inside. THAT WAS SOOOOOOO GOOOOOOD. The Chow Fen had a lot of vegetables and tasted rather clean. I've definitely tasted better on the streets of China, though may not be the healthiest. I ordered bubble tea because I've heard people rave about it. I ordered a mango black bubble tea. The tapioca was a bit small for my standards but the tea was not bad. Could have been better, but probably the best they have around PIttsburgh. For the price, the quality, and choices given, I would come back to this place if I had more time.
5	My sons and I eat here about 3 times a month.  Love the food and love the consistency. The assortment of fun drinks to choose from and the service make it special as well. We are amazed at the quick service. I have tried allot of items on the menu and agree with what the other reviewers said about their choices.
4	I've gotten takeout from here once, and also came in for lunch one day, so I think I can safely call this four-star food.  When we got take out, the only thing I can remember for sure that we ordered was the Shredded Beef with Chinese Hot Pepper, and it was SPICY!  I remember we needed a lot of beverage along with that one.  We really liked it though, and I remember it was fresh-tasting compared to most take-out.When I came in for lunch, I arrived right when they open for the day (I want to say 1130 am on a Monday).  I was really excited to have bubble tea, but they said it wasn't available yet - they have to make the tapioca pearls, or let them cool, or something like that.  Bummer!  But I can't argue with that, I don't want hot, malformed bubbles in my tea.  So wait an hour after they open if you want boba.The menu was HUGE, and descriptionless, so it's pretty hard to figure out what you want.  Just take a guess.  I went for the Ma Po Spicy Bean Curd, which is vegetarian (although I think, traditionally, there is also meat in the dish).  The portion was massive, both hot in temperature and spice level.  The beautiful steaming bowl was filled with soft, almost creamy tofu, and vegetables (frozen ones) swimming in sauce.  I have to say, it was pretty darn good.  I didn't even miss the meat or wish that the vegetables hadn't come from a bag.  There was so much food, I ate Ma Po Tofu for nearly three meals.  It's a bargain.  The server was very nice too, prompt and helpful.Can't wait to come back, try more things on the menu, and get bubble tea!
1	BEWARE!If you enjoy FOOD POISONING, then yes, of course I would recommend the Shit Tea Cafe. If you enjoy RUDE SERVICE, then yes, of course I would recommend the Shit Tea Cafe.  If you enjoy having THE RUNS for 24 hours, then by all mean, go to the Shit Tea Cafe! The culprit? Coconut bubble tea. I lay here bed ridden after indulging in bubble tea I had yesterday. I mean really.... don't go here
1	This place is lame!!! We came on a Sunday night and all we wanted after a chilly walk was a tea. BUT, when we ordered the lady told us we couldn't buy just one tea "five dollar minimum per person!" Needless to say we walked out. Freaking dumbest thing I've ever heard!!!!
3	if you REALLY want some chinese food and REALLY got no escape to chinatown.. then rose tea is your place...  i've def had better chinese food than here.. but it'll do for pittsburgh esp since its close to campus.  i wish they put more veggies in their platters tho.. like the taiwanese chunk chicken is literally just chicken.. and of course paying an extra 10 bucks for veggies is just not worth it.. so yea... it will do, it will do ---- the sad part is that for what you're gonna pay at rose tea... you might as well just treat yourself to like mccormicks and schmicks or something.. i think it's pricey for chinese food
4	Very reasonable prices.  Fast friendly service.  Huge menu.  Home made noodles and fresh, well prepared ingredients.  Absolutely delicious asian food, one of my favorites!
4	Been going here for years and outside of the fact that the chairs are not comfy and the table layout is bad, I always love the food.  Last night I tried to go to the New How Lee- too crowded so I walked down the street to Rose Tea and I am glad-  I had Tofu with Basil and a house special call Fish Fillet with cellaphane noodles- both were great- This place likes to liberally throw in the garlic, basil and hot peppers and the taste is not overwhelming but constantly good.  They have a huge selection of teas and serve tall glasses of water.
4	delicious
4	Having just moved to Pittsburgh, I was apprehensive about trying "Chinese" food in a city where steel and blue collar worked reigned supreme for so many years.  However, I happened upon this little restaurant and heard from another Chinese guy that this place was actually decent.I was surprised to find that they are actually a Taiwanese establishment.  So, going back to my younger days eating authentic Taiwanese food in socal, I decided on the Pork Chops with Rice.  When the food came, the plate contained 2 nicely fried pieces of Taiwanese-style pork chop that were actually really tasty - a  little hint of sweetness, well seasoned, and not dry.  A portion of rice, preserved vegetables, and a soy-sauce hard boiled egg topped it off. Also ordered the passion fruit tea with tapioca.  Pretty damn tasty.   AT $6.25 for the plate and another $2.50 for the drink, it was actually quite a deal.  I've yet to try their black bean sauce noodle (which the waiter said was excellent), but for now I'm pretty surprised at how good the food was.  As a newly transplanted San Franciscan in Pittsburgh, I'm super hesitant to try any form of Asian food, but this dish was legit.
4	Rose Tea does Taiwanese food very, very well.FYI, Taiwanese cuisine is different from typical Chinese cuisine in that it tends to be milder and lighter with some Japanese influence (there are exceptions, of course, such as beef noodle soup).  So Rose Tea is a perfect alternative if you're tired of greasy Chinese food drowning in sauce, but don't come in expecting classic Taiwanese dishes to be bursting with a gazillion different flavors and spices.  You may even find it bland or boring, but then you'd probably be the type who mixes all the flavors and toppings at Razzy Fresh and enjoys Panda Express.  For me, though, Rose Tea hits the spot.The place is always cramped and service tends to be rushed and impersonal, but it doesn't really detract from enjoying a casual meal.
4	Yes. Doing Taiwanese food justice in Pittsburgh. It was pretty delicious and I would say that the food is very shareable. In fact, I feel like it should be mandatory! I joke, but really, the portions are generous without the food lacking in flavor. The food isn't heavy at all and I would say it's seasoned quite well. The downfall of a lot of Taiwanese food places is when the food tastes heavy and just makes you want to sleep right afterwards.I would have to say that this place is busy almost all the time, but hopefully you are willing to wait for it because it's definitely a place I would go more than once. The boba is pretty good for Pittsburgh and I would say if you do want to try boba, you should get it here.
4	They picked up on my ABC (American Born Chinese) accent right away!  That and the "QQ"ness of the boba speak to the authenticity of this place!  Bustling little place located in what I like to think of as the "chinatown of pittsburgh".Veer away from the smoothie drinks--my "strawberry smoothie" boba was a hot pink color that was nowhere near natural.  You judge a boba place by its plain milk tea anyways and it was thumbs up in my opinion.  Ask for the BIG BOBA or else they give you the little ones and then your big straw is just useless.Some favorites:  home style tofu, sweet and sour pork chop, my favorite veggie dish "si gua" with scallops.  Everything we've had from here has been yummy and I already know what I want next.  Next time--beef noodle soup, you are mine!
4	The daily specials are good, but my favorite is the Kim Chi fried rice.  It's much better if you request it with less salt.  The bubble tea selection is without equal in the area.  They have one with a mix of black tea and coffee.  Delicious...who would have thought?  hahaThe seating is like that of a nice quick-service eatery: clean, crowded and comfy.  It's not ideal for large groups.
5	Best Three Cups Chicken (Taiwanese Chunk Chicken) and Beef Stew Noodle Soup in the city.  They also have stinky tofu! Though it could be quite a bit stinkier.  Protip:  get the hot bubble teas.
2	My lady friend and I were excited to try this place as some feel it is one of the best spots in the Squirrel. Unfortunately, there were very few bright spots in our meal. The prices bordered on outrageous and although the portions were adequate, the flavor of everything we ate just seemed slightly off.  The Taiwanese Chunk Chicken was texturally pleasing but after the first few bites, it tasted like the chef had used far too much fennel or anise (maybe both).  My date ordered the seafood kimchi and although the dish came with its own flaming mini-sterno, the seafood did not taste fresh and was mixed awkwardly with  bland tofu.  The server was charming to a degree but overall, we both left dissapointed with the meal, the bubble tea, and the number at the bottom of our bill.
3	Meh is the best way to describe my experience. Maybe I've just been too spoiled with all the Taiwanese choices in the Washington D.C. area...My bubble tea was bland, the beef noodle soup wasn't very flavorful, parking was a pain, my boyfriend ordered something supposedly pretty authentic and it didn't come out as expected, and our waiter seemed just a tad rude. On top of all that, this place has got to have the longest menu I've ever seen, and I've seen endless ones at other Asian-restaurants.Points though for serving hard-to-find fried, stinky tofu and generous portions. Nothing tasted completely satisfying but I was definitely full.
4	I was pretty excited to eat here. The main reason I was excited was I could try their stinky tofu. I had stinky tofu years (maybe decades) ago and couldn't take it. I wanted to give it another try. So my friends and I ordered a lot of food, about 5 appetizers (stinky tofu, taro cake, scallion and egg pancakes, and some others). All of the appetizers were great. I loved the scallion pancakes with the egg and beef. Good stuff! The stinky tofu was what I was waiting for. I decided to smell it again to see if it would reignite any memories. Nothing came forward, but it was stinky. I ate one and I could taste the stink. Not as strong as I thought it would be. Now my Taiwanese friends tell me that the Rose Tea Cafe's version is definitely not as strong as what is produced in Taiwan, and I think I'm very thankful for this. But overall I enjoyed it and would have it again and even try a stronger version of it.Really good Mango smoothy. And their main entree dishes were just as good. At the end of the feeding frenzy, I was pushing the limits of my belt. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I'm definitely stopping by here.
2	I've been here a few times -- my husband really likes it but for me, I have yet to order an entree that I would order again.  There are only titles on the menu, no descriptions so you kind of have to guess what's in the dish from the titile and sometimes it is just wrong.  I do like the scallion pancake with egg appetizer but the noodle soup that I had the last time we were there was not good at all.  Very bland and with an overabundance of white, wide over-cooked noodles.  I think I'm giving up on the entrees.  If we go again, I'll stick to the scallion pancake and bubble tea.
3	Rose Tea Cafe has pretty good food (I recommend the fried shrimp rice), and good pearl milk tea. However, it doesn't have legit 'Taiwanese' food like it claims. Instead, it is very basic normal Chinese food. There is a $15 minimum requirement for credit card usage, and the staff can be rather rude at times, especially with tipping. Overall, I think Rose Tea Cafe is a-okay for every once in a while, but it's definitely not a place I will be frequenting all the time.
2	If you want to try something here, try the short rib with peppers.  It is one of their best dish.  However, if you come here be prepared for shitty customer service.  It took a while for us to get any service.  From ordering to asking for a box.  The waiter took his sweet time to take our orders even after us catching his attention.  Another employee came out to serve another table and saw I needed service but still didn't say anything to anyone else.  Why the hate?  I'm Asian too.  Aren't we suppose to stick together or something?I wouldn't recommend their drinks.  They mainly use powder and artificial BS.  I tried their red bean milkshake and it came out blasting an hour later.The family that owns this place owns several restaurant around the area.  The other places seems like a joy except for when you come here and the life drains out of you.Try at your own risk.
4	Excellent bubble tea. Good service, and very good food. I have tried all the bubble tea places in the area, and Rose Tea is the best. Very authentic Taiwanese cuisine.
4	The tofu basil was amazing. Pounds of wilted basil- the most i have  ever seen in one dish before. SOSOSOS GOOD.  I have not tired anything else, but that was worth coming back for.
4	After eating at this place a few times now, I am still torn. Either the dishes were a hit or a complete miss with me. Here are some examples:All the bubble drinks i have gotten have been great!The Ma Pao Tofu was very "Americanized." I am used to it with diced pork and much spicier. The Tofu cubes were too big and had cubed carrots and peas, all which authentic Ma Po Tofu does not have.The stinky tofu was delicious. One of the things I always crave when I go back to Taiwan. The Tofu was fried perfectly with a little squeak to it every bite i took. The sauce was sweet and spicy (not in the traditional stinky tofu, but still good). Also, the spicy fermented cabbage was a great compliment. I'll try to update more as I try more dishes! I am willing to give this place more chances as most places here don't even have remotely close to the authenticity that Rose Tea cafe has.
5	After Yelp searching, we suggested this Taiwanese restaurant to my friend during our recent visit to Pittsburgh.  Her response: oh my gosh, that's exactly where I was planning to take you!The bubble here was very good - not overwhelmingly sweet like in Cleveland, and the boba had the right texture.  Even my girlfriend (who is from LA) enjoyed it, though she was bothered by the price ($3.75).The food here was very tasty as well.  We had xiang gan rou si (beef with tofu) and a beef noodle soup that were both excellent.  In fact, they were so good that we came back to this restaurant the next day for take out food for the drive home.  According to my girlfriend, the xiang gan rou si was prepared how it was supposed to be done :)  We were very pleasantly surprised.
4	I didn't get what the big deal was with this place or why my exchange student roommate would go there several times a week. It's my fifth year coming here and I get it now! I took my fob friend who did the ordering for me and I had one of the best Pittsburgh meals yet. The braised pork which is frighteningly fatty and delicious wowed me as did the special crispy pork roll thing and the chunk chicken. Their menu is overwhelming and I probably would never have tried these items if it weren't for my friend.Oh my braised pork. tl;dr Take your super asian friend and make them order the good stuff and you shall be rewarded.
4	Rose Tea is our go-to for Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh. Been here too many times to count while in college, and it definitely caters to the college crowd. I believe they've cut down a little bit on portion sizing since 8 years ago, but hey, the economy is different. Anyway, the food here is excellent. Basically anything you get will be a good representation of true Taiwanese food, as long as you pick something from the Taiwanese side of the menu. The one-plate meals are always excellent value, and I'd recommend going for the fried chicken or pork chop. The braised fatty pork is also really good. The San-Bei-Ji is well done here. I also really like the pig intestine hot "stew" here as well. Mmmm.... The Beef Noodle Soup is pretty good as well. Of course, bubble tea from Rose Tea is one big reason to visit, and prices are on par for the area.Service is usually a bit spotty, but they're always busy with the small dining area. Bring your A-game when looking for a seat, because you'll be sniping them. Not gonna lie, it does help if you are Taiwanese.
5	OMG. SAN BEI JI is pure awesome!!!!
4	Authentic asian foods. It can get a little greasy, depending on what you order. But it is nice that you can get bubble or (boba) tea there. The cheap budget meals are pretty good too. lol. I love getting those.
4	As for the Bubble Teas-there is no place better! And trust me, I've been trying to find places all over the US-but, no one can beat Rose Tea!As for the food-everything we've tried we love. Good portions. Good spices. Good selections. Authentic!I am there A LOT!! I see many familiar faces when I'm there-and that says a lot for a restaurant. Everyone I've taken there for the first time loves it too!
4	Very good cooking.  I'm not familiar with Taiwanese fare but from the two times I've been there the chef does a good job with both meats and vegetables.  The menu is 75% hot/spicy for those faint of heart, flavors are strong but balanced.  I've eaten many styles of Chinese foods in the past and this style is very different but still very good.  My reservation of giving them a 5th star is not knowing the menu but I have time to tour the other items and then I'll update this review.  I had the Country Spare Ribs (because the "motherland" couple next to me ordered it) it was terrific.
4	service was fast, direct, and efficient.  Great options for bubble tea and a large food menu that can be intimidating.  Chunk Chicken, Beef and hot peppers, and sausage fried rice were all very good.  Beef was SPICY!!!!!! Can't wait to come back and try something new.....Fried chicken looked popular and delish.
4	Great authentic Taiwanese food, nice bubble tea, minus one point for hard to find parking and the place is usually very packed during dinner. Good for small groups!
4	Food was good the variety of tea was great and the mango tea that had gummybears in it was sweet!!!
4	Honestly, every time I eat at Rose Tea Cafe, I'm happy. They give rather large portions and are really authentic as I heard from my Taiwanese friends. Though the prices are a bit steep, especially for bubble tea( back in NY you can get it for much cheaper). However, their bubble tea is probably the best in Pittsburgh, at least of all the ones I had so far.
5	Rose Tea Cafe is always a "must" when I got back to Pittsburgh, not because it's filled with memories, but because the bubble tea and food are legit.The bubble tea here is still probably one of the best I've had...ever. I'm talking more about the green tea/fruit concoctions then have. The milk teas are OK. The bubbles are chewy and sweet. love, love, love! My favorite dishes were the House Special Stir Fried Rice Cake and the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken. Sadly the chicken dish was pretty bad when I had it on Friday. I'm hoping that it was an off day. The rice cake dish was still great! The Beef with Baby Bamboo Shoots is also good, as is their Beef Noodle Soup. I always get their Egg Drop Soup as well.  I haven't really had anything not good at that place.They are opening a new location on Craig St., next to the Bagel Factory.
4	I post this review based on previous experiences as well as my most recent experience. I do so in hopes that they can change their operations and general attitude. If so, I will pay another visit when I visit back to the city. If not, they lost a great customer.My previous experiences have been generally good. You can come in with a big group of people and cram in to enjoy a few different plates while enjoying the company of some good people. The servers are quick and get you food hot. The bubble teas are fantastic. Also, warm yourself up with the spicy pork roll with the delicious sauce. Noodles are good as well and, even though you may have ordered an Americanized dish, it's fresh, hot, and generous. As for my favorite, of course, you have to go with the black pepper chicken and broccoli!Lately, the service has gotten rude and they'll take an Asian group over yours if they speak in Chinese. Food just doesn't arrive quickly enough and it's salty. Finally, dealing with the server was a pain as she didn't want to take the extra minute to hear my order.So, Rose Tea, please wise up. The next time that I visit Pittsburgh, I would like to visit you. Don't disappoint me again.
4	I've been here twice for dinner so far and the first time I ordered a typical Chinese dish which I think was a lo mein but it was pretty bland and the sauce was too thick.  The second time I came I ordered from the spicy beef kim chi soup from the Chef's specialties section of the menu and it was amazing.  It came out simmering on an individual hot pot and the beef was really tasty and it was flavored perfectly.  They do have a really extensive menu, also with some interesting authentic Taiwanese options I'd like to go back and try.  I wanted to get just a simple hot tea with my meal but I was informed they didn't have a "house tea" and directed to the special tea section of the menu which only included bubble teas and other fancy teas for over $3 each.  Would be nice to just be able to get a simple cup of hot tea, which many asian restaurants provide included with your meal.  Service is hit or miss, perhaps depending on how busy they are.  Seating area is pretty small with tables close together.
4	Yeah, I know it's Taiwanese, but I'd regard this as the best Chinese food in Pittsburgh. The stuff actually tastes and has flavor. Love the Stinky Tofu. Food's authentic, yo. Based on all the Chinese food I've had in the states, my opinion of this place sits at three stars. But by Pittsburgh standards? Four.
5	Their bubble teas are specially served and have amazing taste! Authentic Taiwanese flavor and dishes. I love the chunk chicken and chicken legs over rice!
3	3.0/5 - Spare Ribs with Spicy Sauce: A bit oily, but very tender and well cooked.
4	I don't know if I should owe my friend for taking me here or be mad at him. I'm addicted now. Addicted to bubble tea!!Can you believe I've never had it before? I've had Thai iced tea, which I absolutely love, but never Bubble Tea. Dear Lord was I missing out! All this time... wasted.I haven't even eaten here yet, but I'll be stopping back for their delicious tea. I ordered the coconut one, but I spied many many other flavors I wanted to try. There's even smoothies and milkshakes. I could spend months going through their drink menu alone.Maybe I'll even eat here next time... stay tuned!
5	It's hard to find truly Taiwanese fare in America, I swear. My family is from Taiwan and you can almost never find the same type of fusion food you find there. Rose Tea is a delight! The pai gu fan (pork chop with rice) is so spot on! The 3 cups chicken is not bad either. Everything we've had there is pretty good, including the boba tea. They really skimp on the boba, but i'm told that it's because Pittsburghers are still getting warmed up to boba (bubbles, pearls, whatever you want to call them). They do them well; in Taiwan boba is cooked till it's just al dente/chewy (" Q-Q"!) and sweetened with brown sugar or honey (or both) before it's added to any drinks. It tastes like Rose Tea does the same. The boba in boba tea should be just as delicious on its own without the milk tea or smoothie its sitting in. I have to force myself to try other restaurants; I think i'd eat here every weekend otherwise.
5	Rose tea def a great spot ! Order the traditional beef and broccoli and my guest orders the beef noodle stew we both were completely satisfied and very impressed with the quality of the food! Portions were great .. Staff was VERY sweet and friendly ! We finished off with some bubble tea!! Glad to say I'd love to return here !
3	It's a good place for a reasonable food. I give it a 3.5. The first time we went, we order the lunch special. The food is not that great. The second time we went back, we order dishes off the menu. It was a lot better. We ordered the hot pot. It was good. Also three cup tofu. That was a A+. The service is ok. We were waiting for a while even they have a table. When we asked to be seated at the vacant tables. The waiter said that they are saving the table and another table was going to be available soon. So we waited for another 5 more mins.
4	I like the fried chicken over rice! And bubble tea of course, WITH BUBBLES!
2	So this is an update to my lasts review of rose tea, so after I ate there I got really nauseous I guess because the sauce on the food I order which was the traditional beef with broccoli was reallllyyyy thick and heavy!! I had to make and late night run some anti emetic so I wouldn't vomit, how ever I'd go back and give this place a second try..
3	Used to be a fan.
4	Authentic Taiwanese foods, good price. Not always clean-looking, though.
4	Bubble Tea!!!Tarro root bubble tea is a must on a hot summer day....or any other day.  Rose Tea makes a really good cup of it.Good food too, though it's been years since I've actually eaten there.
4	Very good authentic Taiwanese food. Try the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken (often called 3 cups basil chicken) which is the most famous Taiwanese dish. Full of flavor and they do it well here. Also I love the Taiwanese Sausage Fried Rice. Simple dish but very interesting flavors.Also tried the Beef with Chinese Watercress. Was a decent dish worth trying if you like watercress.One warning is that they use MSG in a lot of their dishes but you can request for them to leave it out.
4	This review is for their bubble tea only...First, they offer to types: Black or Green.  They also offer Milk Tea along with the standard Tea.  The drinks are prepared quickly and I enjoyed the Lychee Black Tea very much.  At $3.50 for 16 ounces, the price ain't all that bad either.  So, if I were to find myself in Squirrel Hill again, I'd return for another Tea, and probably give their food a shot too!
4	Great place to go to if you're craving Taiwanese food in Pittsburgh. Not as good or as cheap as food you can get in Flushing but that's expected.Scallion Pancake W. Beef - Beef rolled in a Crispy scallion pancake with a sauce that tastes like Hoisin Sauce or Tian Mian Jiang. one of my favorites here.Beef W. Chinese Water Spinach In Sa-cha Sauce - Don't get this. Tasted good but was overcharged. Paid $17 when Chinese Water Spinach costs less than $3 and the beef probably cost like $2. San Bei Ji - decent. had lots of basil but could be more salty.Stir Fried Smelled Bean Curd W. Basil - I love Stinky tofu so I thought this was really good. The leftovers really stunk up my mini-fridge afterwards though.Fish w/ Black Bean Sauce - One of my favoritesSauteed Sliced Pork W. Leeks - It's not actually leeks but the green garlic or garlic shoots. Always like this dish but probably unhealthy because the sliced pork is fatty pork.Pork Chop Over Rice - One of the specials here I always get. The fried pork cutlet is well marinated and comes with Minced pork over rice and pickled vegetables.Fried Chicken Cutlet Over Rice - Also one of their specials. Comes with the same things as the Pork chop over rice. The chicken is well marinated and the skin is crispy.Curry Beef Over Rice - Japanese curry. Has a lot of onions.Sauteed Sliced Pork W. Kim Chi - Kimchi with fatty pork. Delicious.The bubble tea here is good if a little sweet. I always get their Lychee Green Tea with jelly.
3	I know the critical reviews about this place are usually positive so I tried to go in with an open mind every time. This place is loved and a quick go to when trying to pick a proper Chinese restaurant. However, no matter how hard I try, I don't think that it's all it has been cracked up to be. Their food is okay and sometimes too salty. I think that while the dishes are authentic, it isn't done well enough for the price you pay for it. I am usually a bit disappointed after leaving this place. The place is small and cramped and you can tell that they didn't put much effort into making it be aesthetically pleasing.
3	I'm pretty conflicted on how to rate Rose Tea Cafe.  The food is quite good and they come out quickly.  In addition the hot bubble tea is the only one in Pittsburgh that I've found (and it's good).  That said the service by the waitress is fairly terrible.  The waiter they have is fine but the waitress has a terrible attitude both times I've been there and the second time they weren't that busy either so I know it wasn't just a "bad day".  Two star service + four star food.
4	Ok, just visited the Rose Tea for the first time specifically to try their Bubble Tea.  It was so good and different from anything...  ever!  Thoroughly enjoyed a beverage that you chew.  Great flavor, interesting textures - will definitely need more Bubble Tea!We shared their House Dish and Chunk Chicken.  Both were very good, excellent flavors, served hot and very quickly.  I would not hesitate to try anything on the menu, and will, for sure.Now for service, which cost a star...  Not friendly.  When I told them how much I enjoyed my first Bubble Tea experience there was no response.  Isn't that weird?  And when they took the plates I again complimented the food.  Same response.  Kind of a downer.  So be adaptable:  next time, I'll direct all of my enthusiasm to my companion and not expect interaction.  Great food + fabulous bubble tea Vs stoic-but-effective service?  FOOD WINS!
4	I'm currently living in Cleveland, and no joke...this place is worth the two hour drive! The place is always busy, so if you have a big party you should definitely call and make a reservation. Food=Scallion pancake with beef- Inside a crispy pancake roll is beef that's been marinated with some sort of sauce...maybe Hoisin? A good starter for the mealTaiwanese sausage- If you've never had asian sausages, you should know that we like our sausages sweet, not salty. A simple dish, served with slices of garlic and very good. Shredded pork with baby bamboo- I love bamboo, and mixed in with pork was a good side dish. Three cup chicken- A very popular dish, and one I definitely love to order when I come here. The chicken is very tender and marinated in sauce so it's never dry. The sauce is made primarily of soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar and with ginger and basil. Stinky tofu- Although I've tried it multiple times, I'm still not a fan of stinky tofu. Surprisingly when my friends ordered it here, it wasn't as stinky as it usually is when cooked at other places. I wonder if that's a good or bad thing though haha. Kimchi seafood hotpot- Since one of our friends doesn't eat red meat, she got the kimchi seafood hotpot. It was hot and spicy, and over some rice it was very good. It's a good alternative for those that are in the mood for some seafood or something spicy. However, I can't say it's the best kimchi seafood hotpot I've ever had. Boba- I've had the milk tea and taro boba flavors before. I have to say, every time I get boba here I'm NEVER disappointed. It's always very fresh with just the right amount of sugar. Some boba places can pack on the sugar, and you feel wired and just gross when you get to the bottom of the cup. But Rose Tea boba is one of the best I've had since moving to the Midwest!!!
5	My Chinese friend (a CMU student) recommended this place for it's bubble tea and noodles, after I told her that I'll spend July 4th weekend in Pittsburgh. Awesome place, they serve a variety of dishes to satisfy everyone. For my meat lover boyfriend, they have Shredded Beef (a lot of meat), and I love noodles so I got Seafood Noodle Soup. Service is nice and fast, and the original bubble tea is great!My Order:Vegetable Spring RollMarinated EggsSeafood Noodle SoupShredded Beef W. Chinese Hot PepperOriginal Bubble Tea
5	Every time I am in Pittsburgh, I will always grab a fried chicken cutler over rice for on the way back to New York. This dish is much better than the one in New York. As you can see, I am stop here because I am on my way back to New York.
4	I have not been to every place on this strip of Forbes but I highly recommend this one.  Noodles in broth with beef is the way to go.  Deceptively simple; hard to find done right.  This place has it.  Support it.
1	I came here for the first time with a couple friends to have some bubble tea. Almond milk is my favorite and it was delicious.Second time I came here, we were seated to order more drinks. A young waitress looked unhappy that we weren't going to order food. Just as we were about to order, the young waitress tells us to leave the table because they have to seat a group who will order food. Yikes. It wasn't a question, it was a demand. Didn't offer to seat us somewhere else. Wasn't happy about that kind of service at all. Drinks are good. Service is bad. 1 star and not coming back.
1	Totally will not go there again. The woman and the waiters are so rude. We came first and waited in the line, but the woman asked a white guy behind us to have a seat first. And the waiter lied when he saw his boss. What a Fxxk dogs and bxxxch!
4	I haven't been disappointed by this place, and I've been here a few times. The complaints people make seem to be about the service and the prices - I must be lucky in that the servers I've experienced have always been good ones, and I only order stuff that's reasonably priced! The portions are huge and the stuff is really good.I wasn't a massive fan of the bubble tea, but that's more to do with personal taste than anything else. The little chewy bubbles just felt too 'weird'. The peach flavour of the tea was pretty nice though - maybe if I was a little more open to it I would've enjoyed it but I don't think I'll be ordering bubble tea again!
3	The food is tasty, but so much MSG!  I'm usually not very sensitive to MSG, but man you can really feel it after you eat here!
5	Superb! Placed a delivery order for shrimp lo mein and chicken fried rice for my boyfriend. The lo mein was awesome! So flavorful, and they give you large portions. My boyfriend liked his fried rice. Will definitely order or go to this restaurant again.
5	This place won't disappoint you! Everything I tried so far has been flavorful.My favorites here: Vegetable Lo Mein and eggplant with garlic sauce.Portions are huge, two entrees will be enough for three people.
5	I love this place. At first, I would have to agree that the waitress is, not really rude, but...I think there is just a culture gap. There are things on the menu that are very authentic, that most General Tso chowing American's would probably turn their nose up at. When a Sicilian-Welsh white girl walks in and orders salt and pepper shrimp, they lean close and whisper, "you know they are whole right? Still have eyes?"Yes. I know. It's cool. I think we get a little spoiled, and forget that different cultures are just that: different. That doesn't make them rude. That's all I'm going to say. Take that as you like it. I've never been treated badly here, but it is different. It took the waitress awhile to warm up to me, but she now greets me with a smile, and even makes small talk. The food is great. The shredded beef with chinese hot pepper will ruin your life but it is soooooo delicious. The salt and pepper anything is great. Think sea salt and cracked pepper potato chip. I've had the shrimp, squid, and fish this way and it's all good. Ask for a few lemon wedges, it cuts through the salty taste (it IS called sea salt and pepper...whatever...it's supposed to be salty. Very salty.) And, speaking of squid, they nail it. It is always perfectly tender and never overcooked. The squid with basil is amazing. The seafood noodle soup is another favorite of mine. The lunch specials, which I believe are served until 3pm, (maybe 2pm?) are generous and delicious. I don't know what the marinated egg is marinated in but it was served hot, and it was killer. The fried pork cutlet is delicious too, and 2 of them with a marinated egg and side of veggies for 6.95 is a fantastic deal. And the bubble tea? Forget going anywhere else. Best boba in the city to be sure. Check it out with an open mind and remember it's a very small place. Take it for what it's worth. You come in to eat, not to hang out. Get in and get out. There isn't exactly ambiance ya' know? And don't go too far off the map food-wise if you aren't familiar with the more authentic dishes or if you aren't an adventurous eater. Just because you got brave and didn't like what you tried doesn't make it bad food.
4	Pork chop plate: YUM! Comes with a mound of rice with some sort of sauce on top, a hard boiled egg, and tasty pickled cabbage and carrots. $8 cheapest thing we ordered and best thing we hadTaiwanese chunk chicken: gingery, star anise-y, Chinese 5-spice-ish. Not spicy at all. Decent. Comes out sizzling. Not worth $13 IMO.Mapo Bean Curd: this is my usual pick for Chinese/Taiwanese restos. Huge portion but meh. This is usually spicy! Why y'all holdin out on spice??? Cost $10 I think.The last page of the menu has a list of personal dishes and are super cheap for the amount of food you get.FAST and friendly service. Tiny restaurant, hard to find parking.
4	A tad pricy, average portions, but it's the best chinese food I've had in the states of Pennsylvania and Michigan
5	This is one of my favorite Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh. Most of their dishes taste very good. At the beginning, I went there for chunk chicken. But now, i usually order fish filet with basil or seafood with basil. Chow fun and pan fried noodles taste so good as well.
3	I have eaten at Rose Tea Cafe once (when I first moved here) and haven't been back here for the food, but have come back several times for the boba. It's not the best bubble tea I have had, but it is the best I have found in Pittsburgh.
5	The waitress was adorable with her jokes. We ordered beef stew noodle soup and seafood kimchee hotpot. It was delicious. Beef in the soup was tender and soft as butter! The seafood hotpot was fantastic. They definitely know the American palate is spicy averse and they played up to  it. The boba tea is also very good. Nothing  but good words from a fellow local pittsburgher.
5	I love Rose Tea cafe. They have the best milk teas and their tapioca pearls are always properly cooked. I will routinely stop in to order my Almond Milk Tea with Tapioca Pearls and light sweetener. So much, in fact, that most of the people that work here recognize me and/or know what I am going to order.I came in many times for my milk tea yet never stopped to try the food for the longest time. I did get to see the food pass by as I waited for my bubble tea to be made. It always looked and smelled so great that I finally decided to stop in before a movie one night.  Since that first dinner, I have stopped by several more times for dinner. We always get the Yeung Chow fried rice and fried dumplings. The fried rice is some of the best in the area, while the dumplings are passable.I have tried several of the dinners on the menu: pork belly with kimchee, stewed pork belly, spicy chicken in a casserole, and spicy short ribs. I have really enjoyed all of them. The flavors are all rather wonderful. I am still looking for that dinner entree that I crave, but I know I will continue to return due to my craving for the Almond Milk Tea with Pearls.
3	I used to love this place, but since I have become a vegetarian, I feel like it's difficult to determine what foods I can eat here.
4	This place is hard to beat for noodle and kimchee dishes.  Excellent milk teas, good smoothies, good prices.  Decent service, in and out quick as can be.  It's not a 5 for me because there's a lot of stuff on the menu that is highly authentic, and I have to admit to ordering several dishes at Rose Tea that I could not believe how much I did not like them.  So unless you really dig the down home asian cooking, stick to the noodle, rice, and kimchee dishes.
4	Since our last visit, we have been back twice. One time was ok but another time was very good. We took a friend from CA and he really likes the place.
4	Solid boba tea place. Cash only for boba tea. Decent selection.
5	One of the few nice Chinese restaurants!
3	Its been over 2 years since I have been at this place. I bragged about this place all the time to people visiting in Pittsburgh. I was craving the stinky tofu here and of course since boba runs in my veins, I had to come back and visit. The food was even better than i remembered but I removed stars for the service. I decided to go with stinky tofu appetizer, the shredded pork and bamboo shoots stir fry, hollow stem vegetable with garlic, and a hot black milk tea with boba. He asked me if I wanted hot or cold and I specifically said "hot." The server also called hollow stem vegetable as watercress, which i then asked him in chinese just to make sure I had ordered the right vegetable. In hind sight, I should have corrected him and let him know that watercress is NOT hollow stem. Perhaps he needed more training, but thank goodness I spoke Chinese and knew what I wanted. A few things wrong, the server brought my bubble tea and it was cold. She said the server was new and didn't write if I wanted hot or cold. I said I had ordered hot. But then I told her that I would still take the cold drink since its already made, I had been waiting and was super thirsty anyways. The food came out in good timing. The stinky tofu changed slightly from what I remembered. Last time the sauce was sweet. This time, the sauce and fermented cabbage was spicy, which is better this way! I liked this change of flavor. The pork and bamboo was delicious, with very tender bamboo. Lastly, the hollow stem vegetable was non-greasy and lightly seasoned to my liking. After a few sips of my milk tea, it was quite cold at the table by the window so I asked my server if I could swap my cold milk tea back to a hot milk tea since I realized me accepting their mistake was a mistake of my own. He comes back and says that I couldn't since I had already taken a few sips. At this time, I was a bit disappointed with the service so I said I will just pay for a hot one then. At time of payment, I expressed my disappointment and what happened with the front lady but nothing was done. I packed the rest of my food and left. While my tummy was full and satisfied, I left with a slight bitterness.
3	The place looks a little jenky (as most hole-in-the wall places do) but my drink was pretty darn good. I wish I had had more stomach space and time to try more of the food but for the little bit I had it was A-OK. Would have given the place a 4 for the drink but the food brought it down a bit.VENUE: Typical Taiwanese cafe vibe. Very casual. Good for a quick grabbing of a beverage to quench your thirst.FOOD/DRINK:  Ordered the PASSIONATE TEMPTATION. Delicious! It had just the right amount of sweetness and tartness. Eventhough they make their drinks with syrup, there were passionate fruit seeds in my drink! Loved it. Maybe they use real juice for that. I'm not sure. I wasn't crazy about the tapioca boba as they weren't that sweet/flavorful. But they were chewy and were not hard so that's always nice.My friends and I split the GREEN ONION PANCAKE. I don't know if I'm just spoiled and have had sensational Taiwanese food, but this wasn't all that great for me. I feel like this dish should be jam packed with green onions. Instead it was mostly thinly friend batter and a slightly too greasy for my liking. Maybe we just got a poorly made one but either way that kind of made me sad. The taste was okay and I appreciate that they serve it with soy saucy sauce and chili sauce.SERVICE: Our server was very kind and friendly. He did his best to put up with our loud group of gigglers and I appreciate that.
2	This place was not my favorite.  I ordered spareribs and the stinky tofu and everything was average at best.  The bubble tea was OK but not exceptional.  The one bright spot was the vegetable spring roll my friend ordered.. it looked pretty good.Aside from the food, the walls could use a nice scrubbing as well.  The service was fine, but I found that I was on edge the whole time based on some of the reviews I have read online!
4	Sometimes I just get a hankerin for some three cup chicken (or in this case, Taiwanese Chopped Chicken."  ugh it's so good, and then I end up eating it all in one sitting and having remorse.  But this isn't about my personal problems.Rose Tea is great.  The service is friendly and fast.  The only thing that gives me pause is they claim to sometimes have a $15 credit card limit, and will kind of pressure you to get cash.  However, I've found if you're 'close enough' to $15, they'll let it slide.
4	The place is casual, and quite noisy, but not in a disturbing way.The food is good, but one MUST TRY is the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken. Amazing!!Not exactly cheap, compared to the looks of the place, but their portions are big.
4	My kids wanted to go here for dinner.  I can't believe that our family has just been here twice!  Maybe because parking is a challenge and I am famously a parallel parking moron?  Who knows.  I need to suck it up and get here more often.  Both meals we've had here were great and did not break the bank.On our last visit:- Kim Chi combination fried rice.  Totally craveable.  The Kim Chi's spicyness is distributed throughout the dish and it's a great flavor along with beef, pork, chicken and shrimp.  My favorite item on the menu.- Papaya Milkshake.  Awesome.  This was for me.- Mango Bubble Tea.  My daughters split it and they loved it.  I had a sip and loved it too.- Curry Chicken Special.  For my wife, this was just the right amount of food for about $8.00.  A total college kid item at the price that came with steamed rice, veggies and a pickled egg.  Very Taiwanese!Easy going atmosphere with very attentive service.  Great for groups and families with kids.  I need to branch out more on their menu because it is a huge one and the other dishes going out to the other tables were very enticing on my next visit!
4	We needed a place to eat before heading back on a Sunday morning coming down. All of the breakfast places in Squirrel Hill were at capacity. We walked down the street and stumbled into Rose Tea Cafe. The server was a friendly guy who was able to point us in the right direction. The chunk chicken that my buddy ordered was delicious. It was very similar to a Thai basil chicken dish but with chunked up chicken instead of ground up. I appreciate the word "chunk" so that was an added bonus. It also made me think of the Houston, TX slang of "chunk up the deuce" which means to throw a peace sign to somebody. I ordered a bone in pork chop over rice. It had a sweet BBQ-like sauce that was not bad. I was trying to keep my cost low at around $9 because there is a $15 credit card minimum.
4	I used to just come in for the bubble tea years ago because I remember this place is so small and always seem so crowded.. or maybe it was the time of the day that my friends and I always come in. Now I tend to go to RTC for a quick bite/late dinner kinda thing We always order their salt and pepper shrimp (YUMMY), chunk chicken, sweet & sour pork chop here is pretty decent as well. Do try their bubble tea as well it's actually better than some places I've tried. Don't expect anything like you'll find in NY, VA or Cali but for Pittsburghers, it's pretty decent
4	I ate here tonight with my friends. I got the mango smoothie, delicious, and the house special noodle stir fry. The meal was delicious too. The noodles were thin and had chicken, beef, shrimp. The portion was large. I took half of it home. Only negative is that menu doesn't have descriptions of items. Food came fast and service was good.
5	Finally a great authentic Taiwanese in Pittsburgh. Try their noodle dishes. I have lived in NY LA DC Philadelphia. This restaurant is as good as any in those big cities.
4	I used to visit Rose Tea a whole lot when I was in college, and when I came back to visit Pittsburgh it was nice to get my fix of Taiwanese food.  The bubble teas here are great - the tapioca is consistently good, and the flavors are great.  I would usually get a basic fruit tea here, but they have a bunch of fancy ones too.My favorite dish here is the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken, which is chicken with basil, peppers and other spices.  I ordered it on my visit and it was just as good as before - the seasoning was great, the chicken was tender, and the portion was even larger than I remembered.  Other dishes I would recommend are the Eggplant (with basil or garlic), the House Special Stir Fried Rice Cakes, and the Beef and Chinese Watercress with Sa-Cha sauce (though that last one can be pricey).  The meal specials (on the back page) aren't bad either, and come with a decent amount of food for the price.It was great to visit here again, and I would strongly recommend Rose Tea to anyone looking for good Taiwanese, or bubble tea.
4	Living in New York City, it's actually quite difficult to get good Taiwanese food. There are only a few select spots and and most of them are in Flushing or in New Jersey. Yikes. Rose Tea Cafe blows most of these spots out of the water. Most of the Taiwanese specialty dishes here are done very well, like the Taiwanese Chunk Chicken (Three Cup Chicken) which comes out sizzling in a clay pot and with tons of garlic and basil. The shredded pork with bamboo, salt and pepper pork, and the ganbian string beans are also my go-to dishes here too. The portions are great, and I usually always end up bringing extra food home.I'm a fan of the lunch specials as well, and at those prices ($5-7), definitely a steal. My favorite is the pork chop over rice with a hard boiled tea egg. Pretty much everything is better with that tea egg. Definitely a good value if you want a hearty, high-quality meal on a college student's budget. The milk teas and the smoothies are always better here, definitely better than Orient Express or Lulu's Noodles, likely because the ingredients are fresher and I just feel that they have more experience making these great drinks. I never really drink bubble tea anymore, but in all the years I've been going to Rose Tea, it has never disappointed.Service is actually pretty good here, minus the actual seating part. The host/hostess always struggles with seating people efficiently, but the actual waitstaff is always pretty friendly and attentive, something that isn't common among some Asian restaurants. Service can become a little spotty when it's super busy, but it's never been enough to ruin our experience.Overall, Rose Tea is a place that you'll see a lot of Taiwanese students/patrons at, and I think that's a testament to their authenticity and quality. The food, drinks, and better-than-average service should keep you coming back for more.
4	I can't believe I've been in Pittsburgh for so long, and just tried this place. It's really really good Chinese/Taiwanese food (authentic too!). If it's your first time, definitely get the Taiwanese chunk chicken. The service is also pretty good. There's also a rose tea on Craig street - it's not very good at all. Squirell hill is waaaaaaay better.
4	Delicious. Comparable to LA and SF standards for Chinese food. Actually correction Taiwanese food.The beef noodle soup had flavor and the beef was tender. No chewy beef here! The fried pork and rice was good as well. All the dishes were yummy! The beef onion cake rolls were a great appetizer!Lack of one star goes to the drinks. Those can be better. The almond milk tea was powdery. I think if the girl was not on her phone so much it might have tasted better with some more effort.I think Pittsburgh needs a Tapex or a Fantasia!!!
5	We can't stop going back to Rose Tea Cafe! The service is great and love the feel of the cafe setting. I religiously order a spring roll and chicken lo mein. It is the best I have ever had and nothing else compares to it! The prices are amazing for the portion sizes you receive!
2	I read that the Chunk Chicken was awesome, well it wasn't.  $13 for a bowl of chicken???  Yes it came out in less than 5 minutes but there was nothing special about it.  For $13 you think that you would get more than a bowl of rice and $2 worth of chicken.  It was a bunch of semi over cooked chicken.  Nothing visually appealing and the taste, well, it was just OK.  I'll go back to try something else, but this was not the greatest of food everyone on yelp was applauding.
4	I've walked by this place a lot & it's always packed with Asians (a good sign if you like really good food). Slid in on Memorial Day for a quick lunch & had the beef scallion pancake, fried dumplings & a lemon tapioca smoothie. There was only one server there taking care of everything (host, server, & busser) & she was very attentive, polite, patient, & helpful to a newbie like me. Smoothie came quickly followed by food & all were excellent. Scallions & dumplings were crisp & delicious, & drinking lemon tapioca ice through a big straw is a very cool experience. It was a small meal & I left feeling not thoroughly satisfied but vowed to return.A week later, I ordered 3 vegetable spring rolls, spicy short ribs w/ rice & a kiwi smoothie, & this time left with a belly about to burst. Spring rolls were fresh & hot (but not too hot) & just hit the spot. Ribs, I abandoned the chopsticks with, & ate them like I was at KFC #FingerLickinGood, & I experienced brain freeze on my Kiwi ice. I haven't been back since but will never forget the experience.
4	I've been a fan of this place for quite a while now. This is THE place for bubble tea.  No comparison. I always come here for their famous chunk chicken or their fried chicken cutlet. Rose tea offers quick service BUT they tend to squeeze customers into their tiny spaces. If you're unlucky enough, you get seated in the hallway right next to their bathroom entrance and the kitchen. I just wish they would extend their place just a little bit...
5	This place is awesome!! The beef and spicy peppers, the Jerk chicken, and the chicken and broccoli with black pepper sauce were delicious. Service was faster than average for food of this quality. Around 10 minutes after we placed our order, we were enjoying our meals. I highly recommend this place!!!
3	This place was OK. We just came for the tea, but we wanted to sit at a table to take a break from the heat outside. The place was empty except for us. The server kept hovering over us and rushing us to make our order and pay our bill, and there was another old dude, likely from the kitchen, sitting in the back eyeballing the shit out of us the whole time. Like we were inconveniencing their entire staff for just ordering drinks.Besides that, the black milk tea I had was really good, and the honeydew smoothie I got to taste was also good. Would like to come back to try some food, as long they promise not to give me the stinkeye.
4	Anytime I am craving my grandmother's cooking, I grab something from Rose Tea to take home. I highly recommend the beef pancake roll and their house special rice cakes. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu and their bubble tea is the best I've had in Pittsburgh!
4	Pretty big portions, food tastes soooo good, decent customer service.  The short ribs with peppers is very good and also the pork intestine house style is good too, and also the braised pork chops!
4	Excellent food, and very quick too. I recommend the beef chow fun. The service is ok.
4	I have been to Pittsburgh twice and some how I have been to this place both times. It's probably because I am with people who used to live in the area but I am not opposed to going back here.The food is pretty good and it comes out fast and tastes pretty good.I would recommend it if you are looking for something good, fast and affordable.
5	Still so so good. We almost always bring out-of-town guests here, since Taiwanese food is hard to find sometimes. It's become very popular lately though, so sometimes there is a long wait for a table. Food comes out really fast though, especially if you get the fried pork chop rice, which I might add to my "last meal on earth" list. Boba Tea is still good; I tried the lemon tea with boba recently and it's pretty good too, but on the tarter side.
4	The food was really really good and the bubble tea was great. We got the seafood Kim chi hot pot which was presented really well and VERY hot. It was delicious. I got the jasmine green tea bubble tea and that was great, not too sweet and the boba was cooked perfectly. A great place to go if you're in the area.
5	A locally run shop with home-style Taiwanese dishes you won't find elsewhere. The chunk chicken is a personal favorite, with stir fried bok choy or watercress for veggie, and the kumquat lime juice with pearls, yum!  The combo specials on the back of the menu are a great meal deal for students on a budget. :)
5	We order take out from here frequently.  I am obsessed with their food. I order something different almost every time and I love it every time! Some highlights?  Kimchi fried rice, Chicken rice noodle soup, pot roast soupBut seriously, anything you order, you can't go wrong.  Now I want to go there again just writing about it.
4	Just as I remembered it in college, filling and satisfying. I love the chicken with 3 spices and most of their clay pot items. It's very comfort food. That being said, it is very greasy and oily. You'll want some tea or boba to help wash it down.I also got the short ribs with eggplant in clay pot and I loved how soft and flavor absorbing the eggplant was.Service is very fast and efficient. We came here after waiting at our table for 20 minutes at the dim sum place across the street.
4	I have been here one time ad was in a hurry. I only ordered bubble tea. Superior to Lu Lu's Noodles. I grabbed a menu and definately plan on returning so long as I can find a place to park.
5	Pork dumplings with soy sauce is really good, perfect college comfort food. All of their entrees are juicy and filling.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet!This is one of my favorite takeout restaurants. The food is always consistently delicious and I love the kumquat lime tea boba!Some of my favorite dishes are the stir fried rice cakes and the sweet and sour pork. I keep wanting to try other items, but I love these so much it is hard!
3	Lunch for two. We Ordered egg pancakes for appetizer, and then stir fried bamboo sprouts with pork & sour kraut with pig intestines (yeah yeah I eat everything). The food was mediocre at best. Pig intestines can be yummy if done right, but this was not the situation. It just tasted salty. If you have never try it, don't try it here. You are not going to be impressed. The bamboo sprouts dish was slightly better. Egg pancake was dry. We also had bubble tea, which was the best of the meal actually. If you order them hot, they'll serve them with a mug and a tea pot for you to pour the tea yourself. That was pretty interesting.
