4	I really like this Petsmart a lot. I have taken my pup here since she has come into my life and she loves it just as much as I do. Called this morning for an appointment so she could get a bath and brush, and her nails clipped. Getting through was a little bit of a hassle as they always seem a bit harried in the mornings. Got an appointment at 3 PM (called around noon) which wasn't too bad. Took her down, and an hour and a half later she was ready.Boy is my dog happy to see me after getting groomed! They always do a good job, she smells nice and her nails are all in order. They even add a little bow or bandana to her collar or neck which is a very cute touch. The price also wasn't too bad, only $17. The only drawback is that you need to go to the main registers to pay, but I needed to grab some treats (on sale, woo!) for her so it wasn't too bad. Overall I like this location, it is very clean and usually bustling but the wait times for checkout are never too bad, and the prices on products and services are decent for what is offered.
4	We've been flipping between this one and the one on Decatur/Charleston, but we like this one better. With a high-maintenance cocker spaniel that needs grooming desperately in the summer time (he gets super hot and lays on the tile floor), lest he look like a mini newfoundland or a poodle (gasp), this is our best bet. We've taken him here a couple times and this time, was the best haircut (very short) and should last for a few months. We're most likely going to come here from now on. (The last time at the other location, was a 4.5 hour groom.) Our other dog, Labrador-Pit Bull mix, is low maintenance; she just needs a bath & brush.
4	This is the pet smart Mr. Lenny and I frequent and after going to a few others in the valley I have to say it's the best one. Nice and clean no pushy sales people (really). Plus Donna and the rest of the staff in the back are top notch and Lenny loves saying hi to them.
3	We go to this location when we don't feel like driving too far, or are in the shopping plaza and need to get feeder crickets for our lizards. it is always a hassle to find someone to help us, even after asking 3-4 people. The cashiers are generally friendly, and have offered discounts for standing in line for more than 2 minutes while they are having issues getting a customer through the checkout process.We will go back for the same reasons we go there in the first place, it isn't our first choice for pet stores to go to though.
5	We have been in a rush lately and have been going to this location more often lately. The staff seems to have been refreshed with new people who care more about their jobs and the store lately. While in for crickets over the weekend and saw a sign on the Jenday Conure the store had been housing (for what we would learn was 5 of the bird's 18 month life) for 50% off. As we saw that, a staff member was walking around with the bird, making sure it did not lose all of its sociability. Fast forward 2 hours later of talking with the guy, bonding with the bird and going back and forth with questions and answers, we ended up with a new bird. The main manager that the store manager called to verify some details, authorized discounts on a new cage as well. When we were done with everything, the manager on site had went above and beyond with helping to make the purchase be much less of a financial drain than it could have been.Will be making this store the primary stop as often as possible.
1	My puppies first grooming experience a nightmare!!! Came to get my malshi puppy groomed for the first time and she came back nothing like we had asked! My puppy is half Maltese and shihtzu so her breeds coat is that of a shihtzu. We told the groomer that we wanted a "teddybear cut" and even pointed to the picture of a Maltese with the exact cut on the wall. The groomer told us that she would do that cut, however nearly 3 1/2 hours later we come back to find our puppy sloppily cut.. The groomer had shaved down all of her hair around her muzzle! That is not a teddybear cut! Any groomer should know that a teddybear cut requires you leave the length of the muzzle around and round out the face around the jaw line. She then left all her hair around the body long and cut her legs very thin at the bottom. My poor puppy looked absolutely awful. The groomers reasoning was that my puppies hair needed to grow out evenly so  "she" decided to shave her muzzle down. Of course my puppy had plenty of hair around her face and muzzle to be able to wear a "teddybear cut" .. I was livid. I ended up buying my own pet clipper set and shaved her down more evenly, however her face now looks like a poodle, and now it will take months to grow back! She also had knicks from the clipper on her stomach, and long patches of hair randomly around her mouth. Absolutely ridiculous ! I will never have my dog groomed there again!!!
4	This is a pretty good Petsmart location. The aisles are organized and clean and they have a large inventory of different items to choose from. Service is pretty good as well. The staff always ask if I need any help and are incredibly friendly. A very typical Petsmart location, but a very pleasant place to shop.
1	Absolutely worst Petsmart ever. If you are there to buy fish, good luck. Never anyone around. The two times I went here, I had to wait 10min. for someone to come out. When I realized no one would, I had to yell through the back door to get someone. The cashier just stared at me instead of paging someone. Also you will wait in line forever. If the cashier has a problem, you might as well take a nap. No one will come to help. Lastly you can never get out of their parking lot without waiting at the light for at least 2 cycles.
4	This is a good Petsmart location. The staff is always available for questions to help find things in the store. The layout is very typical, but the store is really clean and well-kept which is important to me. I really love the clearance section. I always peruse this section for good end of season deals. Make sure to sign up for the Pet Pals reward card to get the best deals available in the store.
1	Do not adopt a cat from this store!  The adoption lady is awful!  I found a siamese kitten here I wanted on Mon.  I called the number on the window for the adoption lady, Carol, and after waiting around in the store for two hours I finally got her to answer the phone after numerous messages.  Then she tells me the kitten I wanted was already adopted.  There were no signs posted to say which were adopted!  Then I called her back today, Thurs, bc I was interested in another kitten and she tells me that the original siamese was available for adoption. Yay... wrong!  I get to the store and, after filling a basket full of cat things, I am playing with the kittens when another rude woman tells me the siamese kittens are hers.  There are two siamese kittens and she wants both of them and Carol has apparently promised us both the same kitten.  When Carol finally shows up LATE she tells me it was a mistake and lets the other rude woman adopt both siamese kittens.  Instead of giving me one and giving the other lady the other.  If Carol was smart she wouldve sold the other lady one, me one, and i wouldve bought the other kitten too.  Instead she upset me and I adopted none.  She then tries to tell me that she will make it up to me by giving me a discount on any kitten and only offers $20 off a $120 kitten!  After she sees how offended I am she tells me that I should just adopt from a different company bc there are a lot of OTHER kittens.  Do not support this woman, she is rude and does not know how to manage a company.  She gave these sweet kittens away to a rude selfish woman and obviously does not care about these kittens.  Do not adopt from this store!!!
4	I live within a 5 mile radius of 3 Petsmart and although they are the same company i've had different experiences with all three. This just goes to show you that employees really do make a difference.We received a little coupon book to Petsmart after adopting my new pup Diesel. So I came to this location to pick up all the essentials: Food, kennel, treats, toys...I've never owned a dog before so you can imagine how lost I was with a dog tugging every which way and all the selection. The staff was friendly, attentive, and answered all my questions. I even got a few recommendations on indestructible chew toys that to this day is the best purchase i've made. I also just recently came here for a nail clipping. The grooming staff took Diesel right in and even though he was a terror and had to have another person hold him down Andrea still made it work and i was in and out within 10 minutes.
1	Really disappointed at today's grooming, I took my Pomeranian puppy for a trim and clearly told the groomer (Amanda) not to touch the tail nor the mane, what I found when I go pick up my puppy? Her tail trimmed and her main all fucked up with uneven lines all along....definitely not going back
1	This review is about the grooming department only:I used to go to the grooming department of the Petsmart on Arroyo Crossing and my groomer Wendy was great. Unfortunately, we moved and had to go to the Petsmart on Eastern because it was the closest to our new place. Anyway...I took my dog Freud to the grooming department of the Petsmart on Eastern. We warned the groomers that we adopted Freud from a shelter and that he could be difficult with strangers. We told them that if he gave them difficulty they didn't have to clean his ears, etc. So, a couple hours after dropping Freud off we got a call from our groomer Amanda that she completed the bath, but once she had started to use the clippers on him he tried to bite the clippers and defecated. I apologized sincerely and was shocked to hear he'd responded that way as Wendy had told us previously that he was GREAT with the clippers and because we had NEVER seen him defecate out of fear. When we arrived to pick up Freud Amanda told us that she wasn't going to charge us for the bath as she didn't get to finish. We apologized again and tipped her $11. We then had to go into the back room and get Freud ourselves as Amanda was unable to get the leash on him. As we were walking away I noticed that Freud had feces matted into his butt fur! Not only had we given our dog to someone for two hours and paid them $11, but we also had to re-bathe him when we got home! He also flinched when we went to pet him in the car which suggests that he had been hit at the grooming facility. I called to make a complaint, but the "manager" defended the groomer Amanda saying that Freud must have defecated again in the cage and sat in it. I find it hard to believe that Amanda wouldn't have noticed that Freud had feces on him as we walked out of the place. I will be filing a complaint with Petsmart corporate. Next time I need Freud to be groomed I will also be driving across town to the Petsmart on Arroyo Crossing to my groomer Wendy.DO NOT go to this Petsmart for grooming, but if you must DO NOT go to Amanda.
5	I have all of my animals on the wellness plans. They all have if different needs and there's an insurance that covers each one! The staff is so nice and knowledgeable. We love it here! They even accommodate a cat that bites with out any issues. I am a huge fan of how easy it is to sign up for the insurance and how well it covers my animals needs, plus this location is clean and friendly; the petsmart and Banfield staff alike.
1	I made an appointment to get my cat groomed a week in advance at this location and when I got there the "cat groomer" turned us away.  She was the most unprofessional and lazy employee I have ever dealt with.  My cat was nervous, which is understandable because she is not used to leaving the house, and the groomer was immediately aggressive with her and was yelling at her.  My cat was quiet and docile just clearly nervous and the groomer said "I can't do this cat" and sent us to the tropicana animal hospital down the street.  They got us in and out in an hour with no problems.  Don't waste your time with the groomers at pestmart, I definitely will never give them my business again.
3	I always love this location , items in stock, prices are great, staff super nice , but today I used the ladies restroom and it looked like a college bachelor lived in there for a year! Toilet & sink were filthy , trash can overflowing kinda gross.  Kick it up a notch guys!!!!
1	My 2 daughters and I went in to adopt 2 kittens and were denied. The lady in charge of adoptions said they don't adopt kittens to families with children under 6 years of age.  I told her my daughter was 6 1/2 and she told me I was lying because of my daughter's speech. She has a speech delay and sees a therapist at school and the lady said I was lying and would not adopt the kittens to us.  When I complained to the store manager all I was told is they don't get involved with adoptions.Another time we went in to buy fish and the lady working asked us all sorts of questions about our aquarium and then sold us 2 tropical fish.  2 days later the one died and we took it back at which time they were saying I was doing something wrong but they replaced the fish.  2 hours after that fish was put into the tank it was acting very erratic and I called the store and described what the fish was doing and I was told it was normal.  I got off the phone with them went and checked the fish again and which time it was lying on the bottom DEAD.  We took that one back and again I was told I didn't know how to take care of fish.  My girls and I went to Tropicana Aquarium and talked to them and found out tropical fish have to be in warmer water which I didn't have a heater and was never asked or told I needed one from Petsmart.  So the fish died due to the temperature of the water.I am done with this location.  For years I have shopped in Petsmart but I don't like the way they treat people in this location.
4	Just off the driving route from work it's convenient for me to stop here. This location never seems overly crowded so I'm usually in and out with food and treats for my "girls". The staff always greats you when entering and let's you know they are there if you have any questions.
1	Worst groomers in town! Butcher my dogs and didn't even tell my family about the different packages. Horrible service and made my dogs sick while there
2	Meh, it is a chain. I was in here once with my pom to get her a new harness and they acted like I was going to shoplift the stupid thing (the harness, not the dog, I own her and I would never refer to her as stupid). I had to try it on her to see the fit, as one of the employees hovered over me like I was going to bolt out of the store with it. So to say I was annoyed would be an understatement.They do carry a "calm down" vitamin I like for my other pom (who is too hyper to go into the store= hence the need for the calm-down vitamins). If I need something and I'm driving by, but after the treatment I received with the harness thing, I'll pass...
