5	This place is great for breakfast.  Always consistent food, friendly wait staff and always a line.  Fresh squeezed OJ, good pancakes and don't forget about the egg!  You can get your eggs just about anyway you want.  For a fast inexpensive option for breakfast, I go to the Good Egg.  With multiple locations throughout the valley I am sure that there is a Good Egg near you.
3	A good place for eggs, pancakes and such for breakfast. Also, they are quick with the coffee and leave the whole pot there, which is key for me on many a morning. The other great thing is that while this place gets packed on the weekends, it moves people in and out quickly, so you never wait that long. The menu is HUGE and they allow substitutions, so it is good when you have friends, family or picky eaters in town.
4	Nice, cozy place for breakfast or early lunch. I like their quesedilla, and I know that's weird in a place like this! Comes with sour cream and fresh salsa. Never eat at Denny's or Coco's if you have one of these places around!
5	I like it hear. Had the perfect breakfast. Two eggs sunnyside up, a slice of french toast, and FOUR turkey breakfast sausage. It was the right amount and delish.
1	Should be called The Bad Egg. I went there for breakfast today, I thought the place was spotless clean and had an interesting menu.I ordered the "Bacado" omelette (bacon, jack, avocado and tomato). The waitress took forever to bring our water. The food took at least 25 minutes to come out and the place was half full. The server, who was clearly grouchy by the way he slammed the kitchen door over and over, literally threw our plates on the table. The omelette was garbage. Bacon hardly cooked, hardly any cheese, and the avocado was rock hard. The potatoes that accompanied the omelette were ok at best, and were undercooked. Hey, they did do a great job toasting my english muffin!I can't believe this place is successful enough to expand to a chain. I planned on giving two stars, until I had to make a run to the bathroom shortly after eating. 1 star. Garbage!
4	The Phoenix locations are hit and miss... mostly miss for service.  But the food is good. There are lots of choices, both tradtional bad for you breakfast, and healthy delicious options.  This is one of their newest locations, it still has that fresh and up-to-date feel, which is a plus.  Patio seems nice for the days when the weather is right, it is in a nice complex, parking is a little tight, but oh well.  The coffee here is amazing. The flavored coffee of the day has never let me down.
1	I couldn't finish my food because it was cold and tasteless.  I've had meals at IHOP that have been better.  I should have walked out before I ate because the decor was terrible, and that should have been the first sign.  Drinking water out of an old plastic cup was also gross.  I had the eggs benedict and the muffin was not fresh and the sauce was not creamy or hot.  I will never go back.
1	The place felt a little dated in the decour.  Food was not impressive, similar to what you would expect from a Denny's or an IHOP.  The plastic pitcher the water was served from had a yellow tinge and looked like it hadn't been changed since the '70s .  I have no interest in returning to one of this chain's establishments as it lacked quality.
5	This place is awesome. Breakfasts are yummy.  I have eaten both breakfast and lunch here.  I had a BLT with avocado that was so good, I ate every single morsel and that is not like me.  My husband tried the egg salad sandwich and he loved it.  He ordered a cup of Baja Enchilada soup to accompany his sandwich and the soup was unbelievably delicious.  I can not find a recipe for this soup and if you know what is in it, please tell me because I don't go to Arizona but once or twice a year.  The service was very reasonable.  We have had to wait sometimes but since the food is good, the wait is tolerable. I see that some people have negative things to say about this place but my experiences here have been very positive. (and I hate eating ANYTHING in Denny's or IHOP so I wouldn't go back here if I thought this place were anywhere in the same category)
1	I've been a Good Egg devotee for years, and having just moved to the area I was thrilled to find one so close by. "Best Things in Life" card in hand, I headed over for breakfast. The food was good, no different than the other locations I've frequented. The problem was the service. My server barely seemed to have time to glance down at me as I gave her my order. She was much more friendly to a regular at a nearby table and chatted with him at length. Ok, I thought, that's not unusual. The problem is that the regular customer got his very complicated meal before I did though he ordered after me. As I sat waiting nearly 20 minutes for a simple fried egg and bacon, the server did not stop by once to let me know my food would be along soon, nor did she refill my orange juice. When the food finally came it was delivered without a word and she never came back to see if it was okay or if I needed anything. I remember long ago when the Good Egg had comment cards at the table, and I wish this one had that option. I think I'll be looking for another location, even though this one is so close to my place.
3	My family frequents this location about once a week, mainly because of the convenient location and friendly service. I usually order one of their egg specials of the day (around $9) or blueberry pancakes ($5.95 for two). My dad always gets the eye opener, which includes two small pancakes, two eggs, and four pieces of bacon. At $7.50 it's a great deal. My mom goes with the nurse bialy breakfast, a healthier option with egg whites, yogurt, fruit, and a bialy.The egg dishes are just okay, while the pancakes are consistently good. I've add an omelett before and was definitely not impressed. Go with the special of the day or a scrambler.The interior decor may be lacking, but the patio has a great vibe. We usually sit near the end and bring our pup (tied up to the other side of the railing).If you come during peak breakfast times (aka 8-10 am weekends) expect to wait for a table. They have a coffee stand outside for while you wait.
3	Some days are so weird. Has this ever happened to you?You wake up one morning with no perceivable hangover symptoms. Something is very wrong you reason, knowing full well how those sake bombers last night should have spiraled you down into a massive sub-human funk, but miraculously, you feel halfway human.Maybe it was something you ate at Jack in the Box at 4 am.Or maybe, you're still drunk and that first tsunami of nausea hasn't washed over you yet, in ether case, you don't care because for once you actually feel good. Good enough to eat breakfast for a change. You've heard people speak of this bizarre concept...eating ones meals in lieu of drinking them, but now it's time to try it out for yourself.Off you go, to the Good Egg!Start in with some fruit juice, like the grapefruit. It tastes fresh squeezed and is served up in a huge glass, not a tiny little juice glass. Nice.You wish you had some vodka right about now, I know, but lets stay on track, shall we, the waitress is headed in your direction.Quick, look over the menu. Pick something. Nothing looks good, I know, but you're on a mission. To actually eat something today other than Reese's peanut butter cups and diet coke. Here's my two cents.Go with the seven grain Oatmeal. I know, it sounds repulsive. And more so, it even looks repulsive....its contents littered with every type of nut, seed, fruit and berry imaginable. Almost as if a stray coyote sauntered into the kitchen, found the pot of oatmeal cooking and unceremoniously took a dump in the pot. Forget all that, just hold your nose and eat it. Surprised, right?It's damned tasty isn't it?Now go.Pay the bill, get your loyal customer card stamped and head back home for a nap... before you finally realize you only slept for an hour last night, and how theres a wave of nausea headed your way. Only this is no ordinary wave. This wave resembles Jaws, the infamous North Shore wave that eats surfers....for breakfast.Oh, the irony.
1	Although this place is across the street from my house, I stopped going because their food, decor and service are just gross. It looks and tastes like it should be on "Restaurant Impossible".
1	horrible!!! Really wasn't expecting what I got. And to top it all off i got a moldy bread!!! I talked to the manager and they didn't even paid for the meal!! they still charged me for everything! really really lousy place.
4	YUM! I wish there were Good Egg's on the East Coast.  This was an adorable breakfast joint that is a chain in Arionza (maybe the west coast too?!).  It was delicious.  I had a breakfast crosiant with eggs.  More importantly the prices were right and the service was GREAT!
5	Brought my mom, wife and kids for Mother's Day. Even though it is a busy day, they accommodated us quickly. My wife loves their flavored coffees so she had Irish Mint and it didn't disappoint. My Eye Opener of eggs, bacon, and chocolate chip and banana wholewheat pancakes hit the spot. The bacon was so perfect that we were talking about it in the car the whole ride home. Love all the Good Eggs, this location might be our favorite.
1	nothing to write home about except to say, if you are ordering the one huge pancake make sure you add $1.00 to the price as they are now charging customers a $1.00 for maple syrup which is pretty expensive considering you can get a 32oz jug of pure maple syrup for less than 12 dollars....their other syrup is loaded with high fructose corn syrup...so op for the honey on the pancake,...nothing to rave about very boring food, you can make it better at home....nice atmosphere though
4	I had a business meeting here this morning and I thought the service and the food was good. I ordered a Denver Omelette which came with country potatoes and an English Muffin. I liked that they had plenty of strawberry jam packets on the table so that I could decorate my English Muffin. And to complete the job I piled on some Omelette on top of the English Muffin. A perfect combination of ham, onions, green peppers, eggs, English Muffin and of course strawberry jam.The country potatoes were also delicious. So I would definitely order this combination again when I visit The Good Egg next time I'm in the area.
3	My husband and I always like to come to this Good Egg because its close to home. The foods always great and the service is excellent. The reason I'm giving only three stars is the assistant manager older lady at the cash register has been rude on two separate occasions. We will be going to The Good Egg further away on Scottsdale Rd next time there's no excuse for that kind of bad customer service.
5	One of our favorite places for breakfast. Great menu! However i pretty much always go with the Wildcat Scramble!  Always offers to provide ice tea in a to go glass.....just has always been a reliable and friendly place to have breakfast!
1	What a terrible place!! Do not go here. The staff is extremely rude and the place is dirty. We have never been treated this badly anywhere.
5	Had a Breakfast Skillet, two times, here, and was delicious!  I highly recommend The Good Egg as a go to place for breakfast in Scottsdale!
3	Food was decent and the waitress served us pretty well. Although, the protein meal that I ordered was just average. Tasted somewhat bland with even blander sides.I guess the OJ was good. You can't screw up OJ! If they did, it would have been a 1 star. lol. Good for breakfast but I think other breakfast places might have tastier items on their menu.
4	I really enjoyed my breakfast here. Their omelettes were definitely good and delicious. The place is simple yet has a nice atmosphere in it. The service here were good too. Already been here a few times and it was a good experience to have breakfast here. Price is pretty cheap too!
4	Very great food.. Outdoor seating. Amazing biscuits gravy, had hash browns and eggs. To me it was a lot of food. Outdoor seating was nice and shaded. Indoor is nice as well. Would of guessed this place would be busier on a Friday, probably more busier during Sat Sunday esk.Good prices vs quanity of food.
1	I have been a regular visitor of Good Egg's for the past 12 years. Mainly this one for the past 5 years. As of the past month the services had been below par. 85% of the time my families orders are missing something or cold. Waiters and waitresses are arguing to each other in front of guests. Seems like it has gotten disorganized. Doesnt have that warm, welcoming vibe it once had. Also, the menu has gotten smaller and some items have gone up in price.
2	Good service. Eggs benedict were awful...Hollandaise sauce is made from a mix and therefore not even close to the real thing with its pale, greyish color. Don't ruin your breakfast and order something else.
5	We had a very nice post thanksgiving breakfast at this Goid Egg. We were a large crowd, including 4 little ones. The service was excellent and the food came out without much of a wait. We would definitely go back.
