4	Went there on a tuesday night for there free drag queen bingo give away and had a blast. Yes it is a country bar but as the night progress to about midnight they started playing a lot more dance type music and not so much country, a good mix. The drinks are good and strong and reasonably priced 4 dollars for a mini pint draft and 5 for a vodka red bull. The bartenders are very cool and courteous which was a definitely a nice change for vegas gay bars. Really besides the bartender and a couple die hard cowboy type everyone else was just wear casual stuff. The place is kind of off the beaten path in a little crappy mini mall on Arville St, parking is easy.
3	don't you love it when your friend's trick you into going to a gay country bar during a drag show? i sure do! Thanks again girls!
4	A friendly, low-attitude country-themed bar with a dance floor and pool table.  Plenty of breathing room most nights, though they pack-em in on Sundays, and then it gets loud and smokey.This is not a pretty-boy nightclub (though there is usually plenty of pleasant scenery). Most nights there is a broad age-range, and everyone seems to get along just fine. There seems to be more of a community of regulars here than at most of the other bars in town.Drag Queen Bingo is on Tuesday nights. Line dancing and two-stepping are frequent features on the dance floor every night.If you're looking for a casual drink with friends, you could do a lot worse than Charlies.
2	I was taught at a very young age to keep my mouth shut if I have nothing good to say. 'Nuf said.
3	Gay country-western bar?  YES please!Charlie's is a good time for some off-strip gay time wile visiting Vegas.  Only a block or so from the Orleans (I always cab here because it's easier than trying to explain the address to the cabbie.)  The only drawback I've found is that it often feels like Charlie's is a "starter bar."  I think people come here to drink first before heading out elsewhere, as we've often found it almost entirely empty at 11pm on a Friday or Saturday.Great bartenders, though!  Always include a stop here when visiting Vegas.
4	I love Charlies.  Great staff, good prices, fun bar, great entertainment, and clean.  Layout is a tad rough and there is no patio, also there are TV's that don't have anything on them other than adds for the bar.  If there was actual TV on the TV's I may never leave the place.  There's always fun to be had at charlies!
3	Interesting place.  After moving from Los Angeles, it took me a minute after locating the bar in a strip mall.  I was expecting big signs.  Whatever.  Inside, the bartenders were friendly with the exception of a few but its not my fault they dont like their jobs.  The straw on the floor was great.  Its what I would expect in a country western bar.  I am more of a uptown boy, but will go back.  Cheers
3	Sunday Nights are the best time to go.
3	I'm a fan of Drag queen bingo. Very entertaining ladies thank you. I'm not a fan of the rude people, how hot it is and all the damn smoke. I should send you my doctors bill after i have my lungs replaced. Bartenders and the door man are sweet and friendly. And Mike has a great pour. I probably will never go back though i can't stand all the smoke and how disgusting i smell when i leave.
4	Charlie's was FUN!!! They played a great Variety music, I'm talking from country line dancing to Whitney Houston to Selena. At the bar you get served by sexy cowboys...gotta luv It ;D They had a $2 drink special on Long Islands till 11pm...can you say YeeHaw!!! The drinks are really cheap regardless, parking can be a bit tight and hard to find on they're busy nights.It Is a CASH-BAR so bring plenty of It. Charlies's has a HUGE dance floor, pool tables, slot machines and a VERY courteous staff.  Please do stay and watch the drag show, they do such a GREAT job and they looked sooooo good!!!
5	This place was SUPER!  Just great atmosphere and vibe where everyone wants to have fun.For a bar/club that can probably fit 200+ people, their bathroom has one stall and one urinal. ....Unbelievable.....anyhow.... Onto my Charlie's experience....First I am straight but am extremely open-minded unlike Rick Perry.  So I was doing my thang at the urinal when all of a sudden, I felt a warm fresh breath of air blowing into my ear.....then in a deep voice (Think the big gurl who likes steak in Deuce Biggalow) said "Heyyyyyy China"I quickly turned my head and saw an 300 lb BBGB (Big Black Gay Boi) in a blue tight tank top with a big smile on his face.   Frightened by the site and the overall situation, I zipped my pants in a nanosecond while I dribbled fresh lemonade on my jeans."How youuuuu doing," replied the BBGM  to which I replied in a shrieking 7 year old voice.... "Good" as I quickly ran out the bathroom.  I think I still had a few droplets going down my legs and pants as I bolted out the door.Anyhow - not gonna knock the place for my bathroom experience.  This place has ridiculous cheap $2 drink specials and a huge dance floor.  Always fun times.
5	Let me start by saying the night my boyfriend and I had at Charlie's was by far the most fun we've ever had at any bar. Hands down! I've been to plenty a gay bar in So Cal, but none were ever as fun as Charlie's! I went on a Sunday night during a recent stay in Vegas. Not new to bar drag shows, I didn't want to go to one of the over the top impersonator shows where the performers are on a massive stage, I'm used to closeup, in your face queens, strutting their stuff! Charlie's was perfect. It was freezing out, and we apparently arrived early. I thought the show would start at 9, but it started closer to 10pm. No problem, it gave us time to have a few drinks, and watch people dance. I have never been to a gay bar quite like this one. Straw and sawdust on the floor (made it difficult to walk in heels, but I forgive them!), hot staff dressed as cowboys, and people dancing to any song you could think of, line dancing!!! Even to hip hop, Pop, etc. The music was not for me (it never is, but not their fault I hate "in" music"). The placed was very full, but not overly crowded. The bartenders were generous with the liquor amount in the mixed drinks, and I met so many random chatty people. The drag show was great! The performers were lovely firecrackers, and they each got lots of well deserved tips from me. The only odd thing to me was the fact that it wasn't an ongoing drag show, there were 3 or 4 breaks between the show, which caused us to stay there a whole lot longer than we anticipated. No worries, we were talking to strangers and getting a kick out of the dancing. Oh, did I mention I won a porn DVD! Yay! I'll be watching that with a couple of my boys. ;) My boyfriend had a blast as well, he had never been to a drag show before, so I was glad I popped his Drag show cherry at Charlie's. The next time I'm in Vegas for my birthday, you can bet your bottom I'll be back, and I'll be bringing friends and family with me!Almost forgot! No cover charge! I'm used to paying cover charges for a show. Nice!
4	Katrina M. had stumbled upon this place not too long ago and was telling my other friends and I that it was the place to go. The drinks are cheap and strong. The atmosphere is fun with a large dance floor in the center and one lone go-go dancer... on a pedestal. I am not exactly sure where Charlie's is going with their mixture of drag queens and gay cowboys, but I'll roll with it. I am all about the western shirts anyways. Let's not forget Katrina M.'s favorite thing about the bar, the disco cowboy boots. That's right, forget about disco balls (even though it would be just as fitting), boots are much better.Each night has a certain theme and there were too many for my buzzed mind to wrap around. Tuesdays are drag queen bingo night starting at 9:30pm. I might just grab one of my Filipino moms and "drag" them along. Thursdays are all day country music and half price drinks. Line dancing lessons are provided as well. I caught that much. There are inked nights to show off your tattoos for free booze. Underwear nights for those who have an aversion to pants. Sunday apparently is not one of the hopping nights. We came around 1:30am and it was semi busy at the bar, but barren everywhere else. The room gets smoky quickly and the ventilation is not that good. The bartenders are fun. A mixture of some sass and honest is appreciated. While one made fun of our initial hesitance to drink and our quick jump to doing shots, another was kind enough to tell us to wait a few minutes until they started their happy hour. After 2am, beers were $1.75.
3	very smokey.pretty loudgood country line dancing. cheap drinks.Take what you want out of this review.
3	Tonight a friend and I came to Charlie's for a drink or two.  It ended up being 6 drinks each and 8 jello shots.  Total bill for the drinks came to $75 so the drinks were about $6.25 and they were Stoli Vodka and soda water with a lime.  There were a lot of people there.  Apparently we stumbled into a SNAPI LGBT party.  The drag show was great, lots of talent.  I especially enjoyed JewDi Vine and Diva Dela Fuentes.  I've been coming to Charlie's for years.  They always have cheap drinks.  A little far from my house to drive to Arville and Tropicana.  For me, I've seen a lot of LGBT bars around the country and have seen a lot a great places.  I can only compare my experiences and I think Charlies is not the best, but certainly not the worse!  I have noticed that although this is a country bar, it's turning into a fusion of Country and Pop which is weird to me.  I don't smoke anymore so the smokey atmosphere is challenging, but what bar in Vegas isn't smokey?? And when you get drunk, who cares.
4	Char Char Charlieeeeees.  I have heard many a things about you and most of them were crap!  i heard it was a really small dive-like bar.  I didn't get that impression AT ALL!  I came here after a country concert at the Orleans arena since it was a hop, skip, and a jump away and I had been wanting to check it out since I had been here.  It wasn't too busy which I'm sure is due to the fact that it was only 8PM on a Saturday, but there was still good music and some people getting their line dance on, yeeeehaw!  My beer was 5$ with tip, but upon glancing around a lot of people were drinking these little mini pitcher things, I assume it was a better deal, (note to self, get this next time!)  Bartender was cool and the patrons seemed fun and lax.  I was interested to stay until the drink for free in your underwear which I think started at midnight, highly interested to see how hot/comical that would have been- NEXT TIME! If you're not drinking the HAY-TORE-AIDE :)  on the LGBT, stop in and get that dance on!
3	so I went for Underwear night on wed 11/28/2012 was really really slow half the people in there were over 45 and the only people in there underwear were over 45 lol.Very smoky. Bad Muisc.. house music with no words and not good house music... will not be returning... this place use to be really busy during the week.. I do not know what happened.
4	Charlie's is a great bar/club vibe... before Midnight you can seat at the bar and talk, after the music gets louder and people start to dance alittle, the drink prices there are GREAT! not over priced! Older crowd mixed with younger go there often. They put different acts on later in the night, which keeps people from getting bored and many gays to talk to others expect who they bring! lol  GOOD PLACE..
5	Great service from the Bartenders, well priced drinks, music is good and theme nights are fun. Check this bar out. This was back from Jan 2013. was in town for softball tournament.
3	Stopped in around 6pm on a Wednesday.  Hardly anyone there.  Bartender had a bit of an attitude.  Happy hour was on and well drinks were not the best.  Loud country music being played.  Probably would be a fun place later at night.
5	love love loved drag queen bingo, free to play and free shots !! . prizes galore .. first time there, ill be back!!
3	Perfect if your a country lover, if not .. Stay away. I'm not talking about Uncle Cracker either..
3	If you're a dude, expect an awesome service. Female? you're better off asking your guy friends to order for you. Haha.Went here one time with a friend. She got "discriminated" or that's what she thought. Well, she was sitting at the end of the bar where the bartenders couldn't see her!Drinks are okay priced at $6.50. Went here on a Saturday night. Thank god, no cover! They were pretty much playing traditional country and pop country.Would come back here with a group of guy friends rather than women.
2	Well it's over when they want it to be underwear night 11-to whenever they feel it's over
1	At the place right now. 20 minutes and no one has even come to our table. No water... Nothing. I'm a waitress and this is by far THE WORST SERVICE EVER! They obviously don't care about customer service what so ever.  No one has acknowledged how awful the service has been. Food was room temperature. Super angry. Fail! Oh and of course it's super expensive. I hate it so much.
2	Kinda shady and is totally dead till way late...
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #149 - #365I've heard about Charlie's through friends and so I had to check it out for myself. Located off the strip into a small strip mall right across from the Orleans Hotel. It's rather divey and about 10 minutes off the strip. This place is a locals joint and doesn't feel pretentious at all. Drinks are cheap and some of the patrons are friendly and some can be a little snotty.They hold events every day around the later evening and makes for great entertainment. It's also great for pre-drinking before going to Share Night Club or the major clubs on the strip. I forgot to mention that Charlie's is a western theme so expect your bartender to look cowboyish. Line dancing lessons are also held here and is free.  Even though I'm not a local, I still consider Charlie's as my watering hole.
3	The night we went it was sort of embarrassing. It was underwear night so if you were in underwear you had open bar.Sounds good right!!!!!!!!????Well, I had to go to therapy after this day to repair the damage caused to my brain.A bunch of men on their maybe 70s, maybe 80s dancing on their underwear is not the ideal party for me. Although I'm glad they get to have so much fun.
4	I've been to Charlie's a few times...I honestly had thought I'd written a review before now, but I guess I hadn't.  So this is long overdue.Saturday night, for my friend's bachelorette party, we started (and I ended) the night at Charlie's.  I arrived before anyone else, so I sat at the bar, and had a chat with the bartender, Sunshine.Like I've said before, I've been to Charlie's a few times, but this was the first time that the bar wasn't absolutely packed, so I actually was able to sit and chat with Sunshine...what a personable guy!  I guess I've become accustomed to bartenders at punk rock and dive bars, where they constantly have attitudes (not always a bad thing) but Sunshine's service really was top notch.  He was fast, friendly...like REALLY friendly!  He also makes good drinks.  :D  Prices are great.  *shameless Yelp Deal plug!"  They have a brand new check in deal that if you check in and show the deal to the bartender, you can get basically a buy one get one free drink (equal or lesser value.)  THIS is cool.  I was able to buy the bride to be a Fireball shot, and then got myself a shot of well tequila, all for $6.  4 shots of Cinnamon Toast crunch shots were $12 total.  That's $3 a shot.  I haven't seen these specialty shots for any less than $5 anywhere else. As far as the actual bar goes, its a comfortable bar.  There's a huge dance floor, where one guy was trying to get some of us to two-step with him.  If it hadn't been over 15 years since the last time I'd done the two-step, I would have. Charlies's a great bar, and they always seem to have fun events going on, like karaoke, Drag Queen Bingo and Underwear night! (men/boyz only!!!)  I will definitely be coming back soon.
3	My man loves this place.For me it is OK.It is a good place for locals, people are friendly, and we always see a familiar face.Great place to meet up with people, or to hit for Happy Hour.It is smokey, for sure. Even if I am there for less than an hour, my clothes stink!The drinks are cheap! And no one will dance, unless it is a two-step night. Even when the music is great. BUT do I have fun here? Most of the time yes, attributed to friends and people we see there. That is what a local bar is all about!Worth checking out, even if just for the cheap drinks!
3	Came here for a wedding after party this weekend.It's kind of a western bar,which is not my sort of thing,but I was there to support the grooms :)This place is located in a business park behind Deja Vu adult store.I will do as much justice as one possibly can as a "non-gay bar patronizing straight girl."I didn't drink since I had to be a DD, nor did I eat (not sure what they serve there.)I know one main wome'ns room was OOS, but I heard there was a backup (didn't need to use.)I believe there is a cover, but I was not charged.They have drink specials, like spend $15, get $25 worth, though not sure how often that's run.When I checked in through yelp There was a bogo special.With the wedding party, we had an area reserved, so the fact that you CAN reserve areas is cool. There is also a big dance area/stage for bands and events (which I typically don't see in bars) that had a gameshow going on hosted by awesome, beautiful drag queens. :DI had a pretty good time.Step outside your comfort zone :)
