4	I was introduced to Fat Daddys Ice Cream at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest, and in the blazing heat of a mid-afternoon sun it was a welcome introduction.  Here is served old fashioned scooped ice cream, and the scoops are quite generous, and prices reasonable.  In fact, a dollar can be saved by combining two scoops in one cup instead of ordering two single scoops separately.  Right on the food truck window where one orders, the scoops are described as "Big" and "Fat", as in "2 Big Fat Scoops," and the company stands behind its words.  The scoops were both massive--all the better to beat the heat!  And the ice cream was delicious.  The Rocky Road Ice Cream was smooth and creamy, and just chockfull of nuts and large marshmallow pieces as one would expect to be authentic Rocky Road.  Although the accompanying large scoop of Butter Pecan Ice Cream was not notably creamy, its flavor was true Butter Pecan, and the pecans were numerous and really tasty.Another unusual touch for a food truck that I appreciated was that ice cream orders were prepared right after ordering and paying.  So that I observed a Fat Daddys employee scoop out my desired ice cream by hand and sequentially place both scoops into a Styrofoam cup before handing the completed order to me within a minute as I stood at the window.  Great, quick service!  Kudos for Fat Daddys coming to the rescue on a blistering hot Sunday afternoon!
4	We ran into Fat Daddy's a a Food Truck Festival in Carson City. I'm sure our temperatures that day were cooler than what they were used to, but it was a hot day in our neck of the woods, so Ice Cream was a bit hit. Since Fat Daddy's was out of town and we heard great things about them from the promoters of the event we decided they were a must try. I am really glad we did, Al and Deanna (the Owners) were super nice! They were excited to be there and really enjoy the customer interaction. Their ice cream was fantastic! Generous portions and fun flavors. We got the chocolate brownie with white chocolate topping and we also got the chocolate malt crunch, YUM! Malt is my favorite so I always pick that flavor. It was creamy, smooth and had excellent malty flavor with a bit of crunch, definitely hit the spot. And the chocolate brownie is so good, with chewy brownie and crunchy nuts in the creamy chocolatey ice cream...must try! I saw on their card they do events - what a great idea to have an ice cream truck at a wedding!!! I'll keep that in mind!
4	My work had one of the Fat Daddy's ice cream truck come by and give us treats.  the truck was cool.  I didn't get to try the hand scooped ice cream but I did enjoy a cool choco taco!  You can't go wrong with a choco taco.  This is not you ordinary ice cream truck!  Cheers!
5	Fat Daddy's came to the office today and were a big hit.  They scooped cones and bowls for an hour, all with a smile and a great attitude.Delicious icecream - big portions and great prices.They were a big hit with the staff, a great motivator and we will be bringing them back!Clean truck, friendly service, good prices, a winner!Thank you Al and Deanna!
4	It's exceedingly rare that a food truck offers the same or better priced product with comparable quality as brick-and-mortar joints. Fat Daddy's is one of them.I was looking for a dessert to round out my meal at the Sunset Park'd food truck festival today, and these guys fit the billing. When I saw the prices, I knew that I had to get a large cup ($4) with two flavors.The two scoops of ice cream are pretty darn big. The ice cream itself was really cold, and on the first full week of autumn weather in this unusual Las Vegas weather, it definitely chilled me to the core. The ice cream was thick enough that I had some difficulty cutting through it with the provided plastic spoon. Flavor-wise, I'll just say that I enjoyed the cookies 'n cream a lot more than the chocolate brownie nut ("c'mon Chris, you don't even like chocolate ice cream..." "yeah, but the other flavors didn't sound all that special either!" "well, you should try the vanilla some time because you never seem to do that." "ok, ok, fine then").Fat Daddy's is probably a more suitable treat for summer months. Hopefully, I'll get the chance to try them in hotter weather some day.
