5	This guy gave me a root canal.  I was so nervous, and he totally put me at ease.  Everything worked out fine, and a year later everything is still in place and working well.
1	Do not go here ever! Dr. Timpton is an good dentist. He is friendly and will answer any or all of your questions BUT his office staff sucks beyond belief and they are so freaking rude. So first I made an appointment for a Thursday and they called me to ask if I would come earlier and not later in the afternoon; I changed my appointment for weeks later for a Friday late afternoon then they called me and said he was going to a conference and mind you they called me on Friday when I was on my way. So that's twice I missed work to not be seen for a cleaning. Then my husband had insurance claims that I called to find out about so we could bring the right amount of money and they wouldn't talk to me without his consent...okay so I understand all the HIPPA stuff so we complied...he called and filled out the form. Months later a claim of his wasn't paid for and I handled everything with the insurance to get it paid for so I asked them to reimburse us with a check and while I'm on the phone again they said we can't talk to you but your husband I explained to them you have a form saying that I can handle his claims no the office manager said he has to call and email her I can't giver her our new address. The office manager is just plain rude, argues with you, tells you you misunderstood. I myself had a service done and Dr. Timpton had to do something additional which he did. When I was checking out the Office Manager told me it would be more than $100 more okay so I understand while the dentist is doing something other things can come up and he might have to do something additional but tell me if it's that much more don't do it unless I know. Once again had to deal with the rude office manager. I should have stopped going to this place awhile back but I was lazy to find someone else. No we've moved and I am still having to deal with the rude office manager for one last thing. Don't bother unless you want major headaches when dealing with money, claims, appointment changes. She is the rudest lady every and they never have their shit together over there.
4	My son has been going to this office for 10 years now and recently had to have braces. His teeth look GREAT!!!!!!  He was only in braces a little over a year and I can't get over the difference that year made!
1	This is the most unprofessional medical office I have ever visited. The owner, Bridget, who is also the head of the administrative staff, is condescending, rude, and difficult to deal with. Not only did the office staff reschedule my appointment the business day before it took place without giving me any options (basically they informed me to come in an hour later than I was scheduled or cancel), but I had to wait almost an additional hour before I was even seen. Then, after a painful cleaning and a consultation with the dentist, I had to ask the receptionist what was needed in terms of dental care--the dentist never told me about the fillings I required and they expected me to simply make an appointment without ever telling me what the appointment was for. Then I was reminded for an appointment that was scheduled that I pointedly didn't make due to the experience at the office and, when calling to cancel that appointment, Bridget again demonstrated a highly unprofessional and abrasive attitude. DON'T waste your time with these people.
