1	love DD... but this is another one that gives them a BAD NAME.Not only was my donut was stale.... but it barely had one tiny dollop of vanilla creme inside the big donut. What is that? That is NOT at all how I remember them being!!blech.....Get it together Dunkin Franchise Owner!!
3	Only had coffee here on multiple occasions...HOT ! Iced coffee was fairly good. Service was as expected and prices are close to those of the "high-end" chains you all know. However, I'd have to admit that under a blind taste test you'd have a hard time claiming "gourmet" coffee is much different. Bonus: This DD is in Sam's Town casino. You can take your coffee to the atrium (not in DD or near slot machines) and enjoy it in the "wooded" atmosphere...it's like you're outside with the piped in animal sounds...COOL. So...save your money and try it.
5	Dont let other reviews discourage you. Everytime i go into this DD the donuts or holes are fresh. The iced coffees are delicious and made with the perfect ratio. I did miss happy hour for coffee but its ok. And i can sit down and people watch.
1	We were staying at the hotel and I had a night craving (11pm) for a boston cream donut. We get there and the selection was slim so I had a vanilla cream and my husband a chocolate glazed. we got them back to our room and they were STALE.. I normally love Dunkin but these were the worst I have ever had.. Considering it's open 24 hrs I would have expected fresh
4	It is guaranteed that this will not make it to the Review of the Day. However it is guaranteed that when I am hanging out in Sam's Town, this Dunkin Donuts makes my coffee of the day.  I want to give a shout out to their employee Tiffanie. M. She might be the most personable Dunkin Donuts employee in Las Vegas.   Dunkin Donuts is convenient to Sam's Town guests. It is in the south entrance and in the shadow of the Century Theaters and the Firelight Buffet. When I see a WWE pay per view at Sam's Town Live, I will walk a short distance toward the line with my coffee featuring two Equals and blueberry syrup. Or I will walk with it to Mystic Falls Park.  The shop itself is relaxing. The six sets of tables never fill up. The piped in oldies is enjoyable to listen to.  This is a Dunkin Donuts that lives up the City's 24-7 reputation.  It is open 24-7. When I visit later at night, I enjoy their ice blended Coolatas.  Regardless that it is guaranteed this review will not make the Review of the Day, it is guaranteed that I will be back. I run on Dunkin!
2	I am (almost) embarrassed to admit this, but I purchased an apple fritter and coffee for my wife at the in-house Dunkin Donuts.  As expected, the coffee was very good and the fritter sucked.  The one and only plus is it is convenient if you are staying at Sam's Town.
5	I know there are some tough reviews for this location but I came in on 12/14 at 9:00 am and the staff was really attentive and sweet (two males and a female).All three greeted each guest with a truly inviting greeting and were very polite and were hustling as they served thee customers.They also cleaned the lobby twice while I was there and I was just overall very impressed.
