5	Best service that I can find. Friendly people with a lot of knowledge.  I recommend them to everyone I know.
1	I dropped off my watch with Dykman's and was promised a two to four week turnaround period for the repair.  However, it's now three months later and I have not received my timepiece.   When I questioned the owner about this (after 3 months) he told me that his supplier couldn't get the part and that he couldn't be bothered to track it down himself because he had plenty of other order to work on.  I want to support small business like this but I would never use these guys again.
2	I had bought my husband a "Kenneth Cole" wristwatch from Macy's as a present and when he needed a new battery for it, we took it to Dykamn's where we got lectured for not buying a watch from a company that specifically makes timepieces. Um, I didn't appreciate getting that lecture. I went to Macy's looking to buy a nice present for my husband - and I thought a watch would be perfect, and it looked stylish, too. So sue me! The watch works fine, and still works and even better than other watches we have here at home that are made by "watch making" companies.And speaking of fine "watch making" companies, I needed a new wristband for my Skagen watch. The watch was designed in a way to look stylish, but it actually was a design flaw that made a weak point for the writstband, which had worn through. I took it in to Dykman's to get a new writstband, and OK - I happen to love colors and because I love colors other than boring black or brown, I wanted a red wristband. Apparently, that was asking for too much and apparently to Dykman's, grownups don't wear colorful wristbands. My only choice was a black wristband - so a black wristband I got. I was told that was all Skagen had to offer as it had to be ordered from Skagen (that's how special the watch was), but I'm suspicious about that.Then, during the former occasion, I took in my "Nine West" watch - the scandal of it all! This time, it wasn't a Skagen - so I knew I could safely ask for a red wristband. I did get a red wristband - but later, when I got some time to think about it and examine it more, I think I got a child's wristband. I mean really! Is it so hard to have a variety of adult wristbands to choose from? Is it too much to ask for something other than black, or brown?The last straw was when I got a battery put in the Nine West watch after the above lecture on the inferior quality of timepieces made by companies that don't specialize in making watches and clocks - and suddenly, the battery didn't last very long at all. At first, I thought - darn fashion company for making an inferior watch - but then I went to get a new battery put in just to see and funny thing, it kept on ticking and still works to this day (although maybe there was a slight point in the lecture, as the hands are a little bit off, but it still works. I cannot even tell you where my Skagen watch is, as the stupid design flaw has rendered that watch unwearable and missing in action to this day.)
5	I had a great experience here. When you decide to drop a chunk of change on a gift, you don't want to feel unsure you got something nice or paid the wrong price.  I went in and told them roughly what I was looking for and my budget, and they stuck to it.  They have a great selection of classic and modern pieces, Victorinox, Hamilton, Citizen, Skagen....If you need a watch in Madison, this is the place to go.
4	They have a nice selection of affordable watches (Hamilton, Victorinox, Tissot, Citizen, et al.) Nothing too pricey. Really good service and they are very knowledgeable about watches and their historical precedents. They have a decent selection of watchbands, not a lot, but you know, it's a small store and most of their floorspace is dedicated to watches. It would be nice however, if they had a selection of more "handmade"-looking watchbands. While their collection isn't super high-end, it is definitely the type of place you would go if you were a budding watch nerd, like myself.
4	I'm a fan fo sho! I was a little skeptical seeing the Yelp reviews: 1 star, 5 stars, 2 stars, 5 stars. Inconsistent much? I decided to stop by and get some help replacing my watch battery. In about 60 seconds the man behind the counter had swapped the batteries in two watches I had brought in (one with a working battery, one with a broken battery) and handed them back to me, free of charge. It was an easy fix for him, but would have taken me an afternoon to figure out at home. Quick and helpful!
2	I might have just had bad luck with the watches that I had trouble with, but I still wasn't very happy with the service here. I brought in three watches (Fossil, Skagen, and a Charles-Hubert pocket watch); the first had a dead battery, the second had a split strap, and the pocket watch had a broken crown. Paul, the young man working there, is very knowledgable about watches and clearly knows his stuff, so I have nothing but praise for him in terms of knowledge.However, I was very disappointed that they could not do anything in the shop about a single one of my problems. Right away, I was told that the Skagen and the pocket watch had to be sent back to their makers for repair (even though I've been told that Dykman's is a Skagen-authorized repair shop). As for the Fossil with the battery, they kept it for a week, only to tell me when I came and got it that one of the screws was in too tight, and that it would have to be sent back to the maker as well! My frustration comes from feeling as though I had wasted my time in visiting a watch repair shop that, evidently, cannot repair watches even to the point of getting a stuck screw loose. The other two watches are sentimentally valuable to me, and I would have preferred a local shop to fix them (whatever the cost might be), but I was never offered the option. At this point, I can't say that I have any incentive to visit this shop again.
5	This place is fantastic. I went here today looking to get a link taken out of one watch and the clasp fixed on another watch. The guy did it on the spot and gave me some tips for cleaning my watch at home. Great service and low prices (less than $12 for that).
4	I replaced the battery (at a local jewelry store) in an old, beloved Swatch, but it kept losing time. Like, minutes on the hour. I was at the UW Children's Hospital and figured I'd get an expert watch-person's opinion of the problem with my watch. Turns out, it wasn't the battery (I was hoping it was, I love that watch) but an older watch whose part had just worn down. The woman working at Dykman's hooked my watch up to some machine that tested its ... ticker? Pulse? She was sympathetic but also very sure that the watch was the problem. While I was waiting I browsed the watches a little bit. They have some really beautiful ones for sale.
4	I dropped off a watch here that I had bought at Macys.  After one of the guys took a look at it, he called to let me know that it needed manufacturers parts replaced and recommended that I look and see if it was still under warranty.  Thankfully he gave me this advice as it was still under warranty and I saved myself $125.  I will definetly be going back here for future watch repairs.  Greatly appreciated their honesty.
