5	My 13 mo. old had to have surgery. Dr. Gleason was his surgeon, Mary was his nurse and a hand full of other smiling faces help us on our big day. They took such great care of my baby, gave him wagon rides, toys, bubble and hugs and tickles. Not a single complaint.  I hope I never have to go there again,  but I'll be glad if I do.
4	Short and Sweet.  Love Love LOVE this hospital.  I've had surgery there and now my brother is getting care at Good Sam (been in 1 week so far).  The nurses on his floor are for the most part, awesome.  Pros - Valet Parking, Cafeteria on LL2 open 24/7 (grill and yogurt section closes at 7:30ish though), and all the staff at Good Sam.  Cons - Regular Parking.
4	This review is strictly based on being a guest at the hospital. This morning, my sister gave birth to my second man baby nephew! She delivered at Good Sam so first thing, I booked it to the hospital to meet the new little man in my life. First up, I arrived to be greeted by complimentary valet. This is for any guest of the hospital and they only work on tips. The valet guys were extremely friendly and whisked my car away! Before I went up to see my sis and her fam, I stopped in for a quick drink in the cute corner cafe. I couldn't help but notice how bright and cheerful it was for being a hospital. They have some of the nicest patios for outdoor seating around and you could almost forget your're in a hospital while sitting there! Next up, I stopped by the gift shop to pick up a little congrats gift for my sis and brother in law. It's a bit overpriced in there, but what can you expect since they know they have a captive audience! The maternity rooms are really nice and have huge windows overlooking the mounts to the south. The staff was friendly and helpful. Later on, I took a run down to the cafeteria (note: take the stairs if you can...the elevator is slow!) The cafeteria is cheap and has pretty much everything you can think of ... including donuts! In addition, their NICU is awesome and they are connected to Phoenix Children's Hospital, so I know my man baby nephew is in good hands!
3	My biggest piece of advice is take your own lunch when visiting or working at BGSMC. The cafeteria is not well laid out, the food is mediocre and very over priced. When you want to pay, the lines are long and be very careful... or you could end up standing in line for 10 minutes only to see a tiny sign identifying YOUR line as the one for nurses and physicians ONLY. Really??
4	Good hospital. Trauma teams are excellent. There's a reason they filmed a Trauma:Life in the E.R. here. All the nurses on pretty much all the floors are all good. Quite a few gorgeous ones too. Just saying.
5	I completely agree with Chris S. Happy pills. Seriously. EVERYONE at this hospital is SO NICE!!! The nurses, the doctors, all of the staff....day and night. My friend is being treated here and has been addmited for various days now, and everyone agrees this hospital has really made this whole situation so much more bearable and less stressful, considering. When you or a friend is going through illness or trauma, the last thing you want to deal with is rude and uncaring nurses and doctors. You will NOT experience that here....they are WONDERFUL.The hospital itself is very nice, it feels modern and clean. There is even a nice "healing garden" you or patients can relax and get a little fresh air in. The food isn't that bad considering this is a hospital...I had a nice salad and sweet potato fries one day! Prices are like an airport.....expensive. But at least it's not typical cafeteria food.Thank you Good Sam for taking such good care of my friend!
4	Last January I was admitted to Good Sam by my perinatologist for an unknown emergency condition with my pregnancy at only 18 weeks pregnant and I spent 13 more weeks living on strict bed rest in the new axillary OBGYN wing.  My perinatologists said that my pregnancy was very complicated and because I was a HUGE hemorrhage risk, and in too perilous a position to go home, I HAD to stay there night and day, even though I only lived a couple of miles away.  They said I could be compared to a water balloon resting on a bed of nails.  Scary stuff!It was the most challenging and depressing time of my life.  I couldn't go home to my 3 kids and husband (even though I could *almost* see my home from the parking garage roof), I couldn't prepare for my new baby because I didn't know if either one of us were even gonna make it.  I couldn't be home to prepare a nursery, plan a baby shower, get lunch with my girlfriends, go to work, NONE of that stuff.  It was SO depressing and scary for me.  Thankfully my team of doctors and surgeons and the wonderful OB (and later the ICU) nurses made my experience as pleasant as possible.   They took care of me physically, mentally and emotionally.  The nurses there are all sweethearts and I adored them, they went out of the way to make me at home.   They treated my husband and children like valued guests, and make the process of my kids visiting me as 'normal' as possible.  That was important to me since my kids were very concerned that I wasn't going to come home to them, and were utterly convinced that their baby sister definitely wasn't going to live.  Thankfully, we BOTH made it home alive thanks to the skilled doctors, surgeons and nursing staff that took care of us both at Good Sam and at the Phoenix Children's Hospital NICU inside of Good Sam that cared for the baby once she was born.Also, I have to mention that my bedrest room in the OB Axillary wing was HUGE, and that is no exaggeration, it was seriously the biggest hospital room I have ever seen and would easily, comfortably hold a dozen or more visitors.    WOW!!Now for the cons:The food was really NOT very good, and I think this is where the hospital truly falls down on service.  I would routinely get bizarre, disgusting meals delivered to me, like a plain dry hamburger with a double helping of steamed carrots, no condiments at all.  WTF?   Or once they sent me a slab of dried up cold meatloaf (no gravy) and two plain baked potatoes, again no condiments.  Again, WTF?   And sadly the cafeteria food is NO better.  The food was greasy, mushy and /or tasteless and WAY, WAY, WAY overpriced.  (My mom spent 4 weeks at St. Joe's a few weeks before I was sent to Good Sam and I could see firsthand that St. Joe's cafeteria is SO much cheaper in comparison.)   Because of the dismal food options my family routinely brought me yummytastic meals from the outside, like Long Wong Hot Wings, Pink Champagne cupcakes from Barb's Bakery, hummus and pitas from Pita Jungle, Mexican food from Juliobertos...you know, yummy stuff.  :)   So for this alone I am deducting one star.Also there is a VAST difference between the quality of rooms in the old part of the hospital and the newer OB rooms over in the axillary wing.  The difference is night and day, in fact.  The old rooms are minuscule in comparison to the new rooms.  In fact the old tower rooms practically require you to step outside to change your mind.   But the crappy food and tiny, old tower rooms aside, the hospital is GREAT.  The nursing staff is wonderful and the doctors are all top notch.  I wouldn't have gone anywhere else for the level of care and observation that I needed.  In fact, the staff here is so skilled that I understand from what I was told that, for what my particular condition was, I would have been flown to Good Sam for bedrest and delivery no matter where in Arizona we lived.  It was just random luck that we lived right down the road. It is THE hospital to go to in Arizona for an extremely high risk pregnancy.I will never be able to properly thank everyone who cared for us for those 13 agonizingly loooooong weeks at Good Sam, but I can only hope that giving them a great review will at least steer others to this wonderful facility.
5	This is where I was born! 28 years later I'm back to support my mother through surgery. I thought hospitals were dark and depressing but Banner Good Samaritan changed all that. The hospital is bright and sunny and the staff is genuinely nice and helpful. I would recommend this hospital to anyone.
2	My dad was treated for his NASH liver disease here for a brief period before we switched over to Mayo Clinic. Thank God we did. This hospital is way worse than Banner Desert in Mesa. After stints at 4 different hospitals in the valley, we were least satisfied with the care at this one. Go elsewhere if you have the option.
4	Thank you for all your help. Great people.
3	Again, I am torn between a two and four star rating, so three it is. Two because - the waiting area is awful! Very few chairs, doesn't seem very clean, crazy people, bathroom is scary, and the vending machines are crazy over priced. The biggest disappointment was the THREE hour wait time. I get that they were busy, but geezus, it's a good thing we weren't dying. Four because - the ER staff was awesome! Once we got back to a room to be seen by a doctor everything went super fast and smooth. Jon got a nasty burn at work and they knew he was in pain. They quickly got him some pain meds, cleaned up his foot, sent us home with some meds and wraps, and took care of insurance fast. So like I said, there was some bad but there was also some good. Our consolation prize was watching the crazy chick who was probably detoxing freak out, highly entertaining, well entertaining until she started to vom, then I was ready to be done with the mess.
1	I had to be admitted for a stomach infection. The 3-day stay was a living nightmare, and traumatic experience.They rudely wake you up every day at 3am to do blood work. What sadistic monster would conceive of doing this to their patients at such ungodly hour? How completely unnecessary, and when I questioned the reason for the early rise, I only received non-answers and mean stares. Their solution to every problem is to give people a pill. And doctors are way too quick to prescribe them . You can't sleep, here's a pill. Well, if I wasn't interrupted 3-4 times a night I would be able to have a good night's sleep without the unnecessary assistance of a sleep hypnotic. Do you fell depressed in a hospital? Of course we all do. Here's a pill to you. Instead of treating your patients better, just fill them up with more pills.Is your stomach hurting? Here's a pill. Of course it'll mask the pain but it will not make the cause of  your illness better. This is a teaching hospital that caters mostly to indigents and low-income patients. For people with insurance, such as myself, it was a horrific experience. By the way, I had a strange feeling I was a guinea pig for their students.Your health is the most precious gift, beware of this hospital as they do not respect you as a human being. Some of the nurses are nice, but there were some that looked at you with extreme hatred. Their night RN supervisor reminded me of Nurse Ratched. She gave me the creeps.Thankfully, I have only needed to stay in a hospital 3 times in my life. The first 2 times were for giving birth to my children in the late 1970's.  What I've learned from this current experience is that the state of medical care in this country has definitely declined to shocking lows.   When I asked for a doctor's note to give to my employer, they were curt, dismissive and vengefully would not provide me with one. Banner Good Samaritan is by far one of the worst experiences I've had in my life. It has left me shaken to the core.
1	The care we received was substandard.  My mother in law was recovering from heart surgery and not doing well. We noticed something was wrong but the nurses kept insisting everything was ok. It turned out she had a UTI that went unnoticed we requested a test for the UTI otherwise it would have never been found until it may have been too late to reverse. Then she was given Seroquel to have her calm down against our wishes. This was a psychotropic drug that was unnecessary.The neighborhood is also not safe and the Valet service closes at 10:00 PM We needed to be there for the entire stay ( 24/7 ) to insure she got the care she needed.  She was also dehydrated and the nurses did nothing until we insisted something was done,The attending doctor was annoyed if we made any suggestions and it wasn't until our cardiologist came in and gave specific instructions that anything got done,Terrible care, I would not have even given this hospital one star if it wasn't required by Yelp.
5	We were very impressed. I've never seen so many Dr's. taking care of one patient.  Although my husband had a lot going on, it still amazed us.  The care was excellent. The nursing staff was above reproach and took care of every need my husband had and even mine. They set it up so I could sleep right next to my husband in a somewhat cozy recliner with blankets & pillows.  It was clean and sanitary.  We've never had such attentiveness and compassion as my husband did at Good Sam.
5	Banner Good Sam is the best hospital by far in Phoenix and trust me I've probably been to almost every hospital in the phx area! The nurses are outstanding they are always nice,happy and attentive! The doctors well I couldn't ask for better doctors they keep me informed on all my treatments and health care! Hospital is very clean and very nice. I would and have recommended this hospital to any of my friends and family! The only hospital I go to now!!
5	Went to the Emergency room on a weekday morning.  Guess I timed it right, since I was triaged, treated, and discharged all in less than 2 hours.  Staff were courteous and friendly.  Very respectful.  Explained everything in detail.The only negative was that the Emergency room building as dated compared to the rest of the hospital.  Despite that, all modern looking equipment and supplies.As far as others commenting on wait time, best to time a visit if possible in the morning on a weekday since most people visit an emergency department in the afternoon or evening after work.  I've learned this the hard way over the years no matter which hospital you go to.
4	This review is mostly for the Emergency Room.  I had a bike crash on a Friday at lunch hour.  I rode my bike home, to ditch my computer and work files, and to make sure it was safe.  Took a taxi to Good Sam, and it took almost the entire taxi ride for my insurance to verify I was headed to an ER that is "in Network."  Pretty stresful, but once I walked through the doors, most of that changed.Sure, there was a lot of painful waiting around in a hallway in a wheelchair.  But, hey, it's an emergency room.  I found the system to be very organized and the employees to be helpful and compassionate.  There were a couple of fails on the doctor's part.  She offered me pain meds, and then forgot to order them.  I had to ask a nurse, and then they arrived quickly.  Doc also forgot to order antibiotics for my road rash, but I received a voice mail shortly after discharge that hooked me up with germ-fighters. When I was discharged, I indicated I intended to walk to Walgreens, since I live in the neighborhood.  I was referred to the hospital pharmacy, which I expected to soak me.  But it only cost me $14 for 2 kinds of pain meds and stool softener (yes, I said it and no, it hasn't worked yet).  Pharmacy gave me a beeper and I was able to peruse the lovely and overpriced gift shop.  If I was hospitalized, there were many items there that I would appreciate receiving.  Good gift shop.I was there for approximately 4.5 hours.  I had triage, xrays, and an EKG.  I was admitted immediately, no waiting.  I don't have much experience with ERs, so there you go.Props to the skinny blond "tech" guy, who entertained me by exchanging restaurant reviews while he irrigated my wound.
2	Some of the late night nursing staff have zero people skills.  Seriously...totally socially inept people.Also, when waiting for a family member going through a six hour surgery, it would be nice if the coffee station that is apparently monitored by video surveillance (?) WHY??  actually had cups.  It is the little things.
2	This is a great hospital for solving complex medical problems but security is a problem.  My friend's iPad was stolen while she was sleeping in the middle of the night. An iPad is a reasonable thing to bring to the hospital to pass the time.  It's not like she brought a diamond ring and left it lying around.
5	Little outdated... Rooms are a little small... But good hospital with good staff.
2	This review is for the Maternity/Labor and Delivery/Post Partum Care. We would not come back here or encourage people to come here. There are hospitals that provide better service in our opinion. Pros1 Nice Labor and Delivery Room. 2. Nice Attentive nurses in Labor and Delivery3. Registration/Checking in is simple4. Parking is convenientCons(1) Post-Partum Rooms are old, small and run down. The bed was not comfortable. (2) During my stay, the post partum nurses were friendly but spent must time chatting/gossiping instead of being attentive to patients IMHO. (3) Resident Physicians were not a positive experience. We didn't feel comfortable in their care. Would have preferred not to have dealt with residents.  A Resident also delayed our discharge by hours by not dropping off a written prescription(4) Billing Office was difficult. They tried to make us pay for our newborn's charges which were different from the mother's charges. Newborn babies are not yet on insurance plans. And since they are not yet on your insurance, the charges are very high as you could imagine. We were not required to pay them before leaving the hospital but they certainly pressured us into paying. We went home and put our baby on our insurance plan which reduced the charges by 2/3. (5) Discharge was significantly delayed.  An ultrasound and hearing screen was ordered the previous day in the morning. They didn't do the ultrasound and hearing screen until the following day in the afternoon. These are routine tests that are usually done a few hours after they are ordered. Instead of going home that morning, we didn't leave until 4 PM. What contributed to the delay was a Resident failing to leave a prescription that our doctor ordered.
4	We chose Banner Good Sam b/c it's so close to our house and they are covered by Blue Cross Blue Shield - PPO.  Stayed on Floor 7 which had private rooms in Pod D and Pod C.  I noticed that in Pod D the DAY nurses are a little less attentive and slower to respond to the remote control caller button than the night Pod D nurses were.  Pod C nurses were nicer than Pod D nurses overall, and many of them are friends with each other and attend the same church and even quietly sung some of their church songs together on the night shift, which was very comforting in my opinion.  Pod C nurses were very attentive, quick to respond, were very "real" when speaking with me and answering questions, and knew all the ins and outs of getting you the best care from the doctors.  They visited with each other while at the nurses station, that's true, but they rarely got to sit down for more than a few minutes at a time because it was always time for some patient to get some type of attention and it NEVER, EVER ENDS.  STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING RIGHT NOW AND REALIZE THAT NO MATTER WHAT TIME OF NIGHT IT IS -- THE NURSES AT BANNER GOOD SAM ARE GETTING OUT OF THEIR CHAIRS CONSTANTLY TO ATTEND TO SOMETHING A PATIENT NEEDS AND MONITORING THEIR CARE FROM THEIR COMPUTER PROGRAMS AND ARE IN CONSTANT TOUCH WITH THE DOCTORS BY PHONE, GIVING THEM UPDATES.  I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY CAN KEEP ALL THE CHANGING DATA IN THEIR HEADS FROM ALL THE CHANGES WITH EACH PATIENT.  It truly is a constant thing around the clock and I know because I was a day sleeper while I was there and I was awake at all hours of the night, getting my ice chps and walking with my walker for exercise and I saw those nurses constantly attending to the patients at 1:00 a.m., 3:00 a.m., 4:00 a.m.  IT'S HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.I agree there is a neverending string of visitors wanting blood, taking blood pressure, dispensing your meds, asking you questions, etc. that starts about 3:00 a.m. and goes thru to about 7:00 a.m.  I almost felt I should "hold a meeting or press conference" and have them all appear in my room at once and answer their questions and allow them to poke and prod simultaneously and get it over with so I could go back to sleep.There could be better housekeeping efforts in the private bathrooms by the cleaning staff.If you find yourself staying at Banner Good Sam for 1 or more nights and are in need of any kind of pain medication (other than the morphine self-pumper - limited of course), then take a tip from me and self-monitor the timing of your doses so that if you are supposed to get your pain pill(s) every four (4) hours, START getting the nurses going on dispensing your meds about 20-40 minutes before that four (4) hours is UP, because it takes them that long to go through all the administrative medical hoops to actually hand you the pills.  If you WAIT until your four (4) hours is UP to ask the nurses for your next round of pain meds, it can take them 20-40 minutes to get it to you by the time they make all the phone calls they need to make, and by then you could be in trouble with PAIN.  I'm surprised that the nurses don't realize this themselves and start getting your next round ready 20-40 minutes BEFORE your four (4) hour interval is up -- but, alas this seems to be up to the patient.  Pod C was better about this than Pod D was BTW.I only met one Nurse Ratchet, and she was sort of a Semi-Nurse-Ratchet on Pod D -- can't remember her name, but she had that familiar cold stare.I like the layout of the pods with their circular nurse stations -- they can really keep an eye on the patients that way and they are always at hand, and when you need to do some walking with your walker or IV pole, you can go in circles and still be close to the nurses.  They know which patients haven't done any walking yet, and they congratulate and encourage you when they see you finally up and about!  Also, the ice chip machine is a great find and it dispenses FILTERED water and ice chips -- a Godsend when you are on ice chips and no food for days.  I think the nurses have a running joke about "Whack-a-Mole" which describes their constant interruptions during their shift from their patients that surround them in the circular pod.  Being in the center of the pod, the nurses in their nurse station have nowhere to hide from patients!  Those nurses really deserve all our respect and adoration for the CONSTANT care and interruptions they endure with such grace.  I intend to go back to visit them and thank the ones I remember in person with gifts very soon and I WILL NOT FAIL TO DO THIS AS GOD IS MY WITNESS.  I feel so much better now they may not even recognize me from the pained, dizzy, bloated, hospital-robed, frizzy haired, no-make-up lady they took such good care of for a few days.  I will waltz in there with my hair and makeup done, wearing nice clothes and bearing gifts and hugs very soon!  And no matter what I buy them, they will deserve more to be spent on them!
1	I'm basing my review over some instances that I've had to go to their ER.1. In VERY bad motorcycle accident where I broke my left leg, pelvis and dislocated my toe. Also had very deep road rash.2. Two instances of painful kidney stones.For # 1, I was transported via ambulence to the nearest hospital which meant by default, I HAD to go there as the accident happened on I-10 tunnel. I found the staff to be very gruff (in general) and the surgeon was even worse. Do not recall his last name, but his first name was "Michael". He basically told me to "try harder" when I would try to get up and stand by my bed. I kept telling him I was dizzy and felt like I had to faint. Turns out, I lost a lot of blood during the accident and was needing a transfusion. After I get 2 bags of blood, I'm good to go again! My point being, these asshole doctors really do need to LISTEN to their patients! I also had a horrid night RN come in and was a little rough and bossy to check my vitals during my week stay. How are you gonna feel if someone pokes your damn arm in the middle of deep rest in the night? No "excuse me" or anything! I remedied that be asking the Charge Nurse to never send her my way again.I also had my shoes stolen from my room. Not cool.As for #2, I had to wait a LONG time to even be examined. I was literally in so much pain that I couldn't even sit down. For those of you who don't know how kidney stones feel, just imagine a damned cactus being shoved up your urethra. I'm not kidding. I was there pacing back and forth without any help. After pacing around and begging for something to kill the pain, the RN gave me something and had me pee through what looked like a vegetable strainer. Ughhhh.
5	Recently had outpatient surgery here (septoplasty & turbinate reduction - sinus work), and the whole experience was top-notch. Always felt well taken care of and in the hands of professionals. Everyone was very friendly, explained everything well, efficient, empathetic, etc. Wouldn't hesitate to return.
3	Great place to have babies. I've had three kids here. After the remodel, it's much better. The ladies are so nice and welcoming. The rooms are nice, too. Word of advice. don't go to the ER. Very long wait and the staff will try to get you into check in quickly, to be able to bill your insurance but will leave you waiting for hours.
3	I really don't have the words right now. Losing my nephew to a senseless act of violence..
5	I've been to Banner Good Sam twice.  Once for emergency room visit, once for scheduled surgery and overnight stay.  This is where my doctor wanted to give me my surgery - so I had no choice.Emergency room was a long wait. In at 8am, didn't leave until 5pm.  Most of the time was waiting around for the 1 doctor that was assigned to the ER that day for my type of ailment.  There were 2 that came in worse than me, so I get it,... but they should have had one more doc on call for times like that.The surgery staff and overnight ward staff overall are 5-star.  They are attentive, stick to protocol, friendly and professional.  They are the glue of the hospital.Scheduled surgery went like clock-work. After surgery I was so out of it and quite the jumpy sleeper.. which made most of the nurses laugh with me-- in a good way...My only "complaint" about my stay was that my roommate by the window didn't open the drape and I was in darkness the entire time.  We missed a heck of a monsoon I'm told, but that's not the hospital staff's fault.  We all have to be comfortable so I took one for the team of recoverers.  All in all, if you need a good, clean environment with a hard-working staff, this place is worth considering.
