3	Gamestop (AKA Funcoland, EB Games, etc.) has been a nationwide game store chain for years. They certainly have no shortage of stores around the Vegas Valley, as well.This place is all about video games, so the associates are generally pretty knowledgeable about the subject. They are usually nice guys as well, so that's always a plus. Typically, any time I go in the store I am asked if I am looking for anything, and while I am usually not, they don't seem to have a problem with people just there to browse. Gamestop carries just accessories and games for pretty much every video game system from the Playstation 2 up to the modern age. They have a solid selection of used titles, so you can often get some bargains on that end. Likewise, the chain has a frequent buyer program where you can save money and gain extra money when doing a trade-in. What systems they carry games for, though, as far as slightly older ones go (PS2, Gamecube, original XBOX) tends to differ from store to store. I have one major complaint with Gamestop however - they severely downsized their on-hand merchandise in recent years. I used to be able to come in this place and get memorabilia/toys/etc., plus cheap movies people had traded in. Now it's pretty much games/systems/accessories only. I liked the way this chain thought outside the box, but now they're back to "just games." Likewise, there aren't a whole lot of bargains/savings on "new" merchandise (though this is typical of most stores that sell games.)If you have a Gamestop by you, they are definitely worth checking out, just don't go in expecting an out-of-this-world selection and prices.
5	I like this game stop. My bf comes here all the time and gets the hook up big time from Owen and Jason, so they are all good in my book! They even had the new 360's on time! Not like a ton of others....Kudos to you guys...you rock!Hopefully any mediocre experiences in the past will be just that...a thing of the past.I do agree with Taylor in that they have a good selection of games and accessories to select from and the trade-ins are a great thing now that the new 360's are out, people are going to want to upgrade w/ Kinect coming out, all of the new features, games etc. we are all going to need more storage and you will find decent-great deals on trade-ins.As to the toys...I did see some Prince of Persia when I was in there, and a few others to boot. Plus they always can pre-order stuff just like they have available for the aniversary or collectors.I hope you all come in and give this GS a try - they are really worth it!
3	Knowledgeable management staff, good vibe and better recommendations
5	The customer service and people are great here! It's nice to see a genuine helpful smile from behind the register. After I bought my game, I accidentally left my 3 day old iPhone 6 behind in the store. I went back a few hours later and my phone was safe and sound in the hands of the man behind the register. And to whoever found my phone on the floor and gave it to the staff, THANK YOU! So not only is the staff honest and helpful, so are the customers in the store. These people turned this horrifying experience into eye opening one. It's good to know there are still honest, good people out there. I will definitely be a repeat customer!
