4	I'm really glad this Lowes has opened way out here in Centennial Hills so we finally have an option other than the Home Depot in Centennial Center, (I'm not a fan of them). The service here is pretty good, better than what you would expect from a box store like this. I've always received help when I needed it and the employees have almost always been friendly. There has never been a wait at the checkout lanes up front or in the Garden Center, and they have self-checkout too in case you just have a few small things and want to get out quick. Best thing about this location for the time being is how slow it is, because of how new it is there just aren't ever many people here, but it is well staffed and ready for you to roam freely! Keep it up Lowes! As for the reviews below me by Chris W, I'v never encountered any of these problems at any point, and neither has anyone I know personally, having wrote THREE reviews as of 3/17/11 Chris apparently has a serious obsession with this Lowes for some reason, but don't let his poor review(s) keep you from going to a helpful place if needed. The employees here will help you.
1	This has to be one the worst customer friendly locations I have ever been at. There are roaming packs if staffers that you literally have to stop in their tracks an on average, two cashier's on peak times that have no concern about expecting a line. Five times I have been here out if convenience, but I will make the drive to the centennial home depot from now on unless things change.
4	Great place for home improvement stuff, this is one of the big stores that has everything you could need for home improvement, but one draw back, it's a huge store, so things are spread out.  If you want to run it just to pick up something quick, unless you have the store isles memorized, it's best to ask, that's if you don't mind wandering up isles and looking for it.  Compared to other stores of similar style, prices are pretty much the same, a few items that are different, like tile, wood add on and styles of kitchen sinks.
3	I'm glad theres another home improvement store up here. Of course it's going to be compared to Home Depot down the street and I still think I like Home Depot customer service overall. This Lowe's is always neat and organized and not as busy which is a plus. I've never really been approached here by associates and they are a bit harder to find probably since it's not a high traffic store. They're generally pretty nice when you do ask for help though. With that said, I think this is where I'm getting the supplies for painting the cabinets. There really isn't much to say... it's tools and stuff.
4	You have to love this store. I came to look at rope and other items that make you go hmmm she went to LOWES for that? Nevertheless I entered happy and left happy. You can get anything here from power tools to patio items. What I love most is the knowledgeable staff  not to often do you enter a store where you can stop any member of staff and they know where it is and how to help you install it. I'm in heaven when I'm in this store. I may very well apply to work here.
3	Makes fixing the little things around the house easy with this store so close to me.
1	I needed a garbage disposal installed in my rental property. It took over 45 minutes, a salesman and 2 managers to figure our the computer system. At the end the salesman raised his voice at me telling me he was "more than patient with me". Too top it off they sent their subcontractor to my renters house without the garbage disposal. Complete waste of my tenants time as well as mine!I still love lowes and will use them again, but I will be cautious with this store.
4	Had to get some keys cut so I bellied up to the key cutting counter and Dale was there in a flash. He was very personable and professional. I had a variety of keys to cut and Dale got them done quickly. The store was clean and organized and every employee we encountered greeted us with a smile.
3	What the heck is up with the super small shopping carts at this location?  Quite annoying when you are trying to buy lots of stuff. Personally I prefer the store on Fort Appache to this one , but this one is closer to home. It's an ok store all in all.
5	Went in with my wife and daughter to see if any gardening/ lawn products were on sale for Memorial Day. I was looking at a fertilizing machine for my grass and was having a hard time trying to figure out how to adjust it. An employee named Carnell approached me without me even asking for help. He immediately showed me how to adjust this particular product. The impressive thing was he showed me a different one that was better and on sale! After deciding to buy it I walked over to the grills just to take a look. Carnell then showed me different grills and I fell in love with one that I decided on buying. All I know is I walked into Lowes just looking and walked out spending over 1,000$ (thanks Carnell!) I work in customer service at a high line car dealership taking care of all the big shots in this city so when I experience exceptional customer service I try to recognize it. Thanks again to Lowe's and Carnell. Job well done!
1	Simply the worst customer service and worst installation work I've ever experienced.  Here's the story: I had this store manage a 130 square foot remodel, a relatively simple gut and replace.  That was five months ago and still my bathroom is not usable.  They hired a general contractor who had workers who were completely inexperienced - first timers - at every aspect of the job. They had unlicensed people installing electrical fixtures without permits, people with no experience installing cabinets and shower tile and literally at every step of the process it was a complete disaster of errors.  And the worst part is until more than four months in to the project...I couldn't fire or get rid of the general contractor - I had paid my money to Lowe's and I was stuck with them.  Finally, when Lowe's verified his inexperienced people had incorrectly installed the shower so that it leaks all over the floor, I was able to get them to agree to use their other, competent installers...of course this was more than four months into the project.  And still now, ten days later, they still haven't arranged for installers to fix the shower.  And we wait...paying Lowe's all the while...while they take our money and their sweet merry time to get their mess corrected. The store manager - Ron - is a fool and a tool who avoids unhappy customers and supports his GC's at all costs - even when they are incompetent.  The Lowe's upper management couldn't care less...they never return calls.  Lowe's corporate customer relations who we have dealing with for over four months on this project tries to help but there is no follow-through on the regional or local level.  So still I wait with a bathroom that I can't use. Do not be a fool like I was and have a remodel job managed by this store.  The entire thing was a complete rip off...and Lowe's appears to be incapable of not only a project like this, incapable of delivering on their commitments and completely incapable of basic customer service.  Don't make the 30K mistake I made.Update: later this same day I caught the Lowe's employee supposedly working on scheduling the redo of the shower in a series of lies that have extended nearly one month...while he has continually stalled and delayed making this right. Avoid this store at all costs.
