1	I should take a picture of these wings. Disgusting. I got the ones without the sauce. They looked like little rawhide doggie chews. I'm not even exaggerating. The cheese was weird and the BBQ chicken pizza was horrible. What is worse is that I had too wait what seemed like a long time. It looked like it was all high school kids working there. I like the Barro's on 7th St and T-Bird. Completely different. Way better. This one is nicer inside but the food is bad. I'm sure they can fix all this. It's just too nice a place.Message me if you want to see those nasty wings.
5	Best pizza in the Valley!   We had their BBQ Chicken pizza, which is just phenomenal, and also a thin crust pepperoni pizza.  Barro's has the best wings for a pizza joint for sure.  And they should
1	This is a copy of the letter I sent to Barro's:Today was the second time I patronized Barro's Pizza in Laveen. The first time was last week. At that time after getting home I discovered the order was wrong. Upon calling the store and speaking to the manager I was given a credit in the amount of the wrong item. But only after I told the manager I was not driving back to the store to correct the employe's error.I gave Barro's a second chance and they failed. This time I asked for boneless wings with sauce on the side and upon getting home I discovered I was given regular wings and no sauce on the side.I returned to the store this time, furious that I gave Barro's two chances and both times my order was wrong. I try very hard to patronize local business instead of national chains, but in the case of Barro's, you have given me no alternative.I will never again patronize Barro's. Not here in Laveen, not anywhere. The store manager, Kenny was apologetic and refunded me the cost of the wings and even provided me the correct order. I'm sorry but that is not enough. I am not looking for any special or extra compensation. I simply am telling you that I will never again patronize any of your establishments.I cannot stress enough how disappointed I am with the lack of service and utter incompetence with this Barro's location. I confirmed my order three times with Arial and once with Kenny on the phone and it was still wrong. How does something like that happen? I can tell you how. Kenny was dressed unprofessionally. Sneakers and shorts with an un-tucked polo shirt. Two of the young ladies working were wearing gang color bandana's on their heads. And every employee I saw, which was approximately ten, had to be under the age of 23. Most of them were probably around 20.How does a business expect to thrive when it hires kids who's only concern is to get out of work so they can go play with their friends? Why does a business hire kids who have no work ethic and simply do not care about the customers and doing their job right?I understand that for a business such as this the unskilled labor pool you can pull from is mostly just high school and college kids, but that is no excuse for the horrible job they do. I am sending this as a message and not posting it on your page so as to not publicly embarrass you. On the other hand you could just simply delete any post that is placed here.Additionally, there is no link I can find on your web site to leave feedback. I wonder why that is.Rest assured that in addition to me never again patronizing Barro's I will do everything possible to ensure that none of my friends ever do either.
5	I've been here twice in the past two weeks and have had no issues with their service even when there is a significant amount of customers. The food and the beer make this place worth any wait you incur.
5	So excited to have a good sit-down option in Laveen where I can take my kids and have a nice, family dinner.  We've been two times since it opened, including opening night.  I've been pleased with the quality of service and the food each time.  I've always liked Barro's Pizza, and I'm glad there's a local option now instead of just national chains.  I was also beyond pleased at their prices.  We'll definitely enjoy having this Barro's so close!
5	We have visited Barro's 4 times in the last 6 weeks and find the pizza consistently great. Barro's is much better than any other option around Laveen. The staff has always been friendly and helpful. We are thrilled to have a quality option for pizza in our area....finally!
5	They have the best hot wings ever, And delivery is fast.
4	Ah, Barros in Laveen, its new!  Its always flippin  busy (at least when we call, drive by).  So far, no complaints.  Wings actually have "meat" and I have had no issues.  Pizza has been really good and DESTROYS NNY.  See my local NNY Laveen review...we still havent gone back.  Barro's is refreshing for us.  We have done take out for the most part, but had one dine in experience with no issues.  The staff on our one time in were attentive and friendly.  Its no Oregano's...but its close to home.
4	The family and I have been to this location numerous times since it has opened. The pizza (Barro's Special) has always been good and the beer cold. The service is sometimes spotty, but not terrible. It has recently improved. We always dine-in and have enjoyed ourselves. We do recommend to others to visit.
5	My wife and I have visited  Barro's several times since it opened and we have had carryout on several occasions.  I love their pizza and my wife has had their ravioli several times.  Definitely a great place to eat and a great addition to Laveen.
5	OK so I normally don't post reviews but I feel like I should after reading all the negative comments .. My family and I as well as several friends have gone to or eaten from this location almost weekly since it opened .. Lets address a couple things 1. staff is young: yes they are (not sure why that deems a negative mark) they are friendly and we were always greeted quickly and asked if we have been to barro's before then asked to step up to place an order when ready .. 2. long wait for food: if you want pizza fast go pick up a hot n nasty for $5 bucks ... There is a wait its prepared fresh and baked while you wait was it too long? Nope 3. Poor wings: I've had wings from a ton of different places over the years and true it may not be best ever compared to a wing specialty establishment it holds its own and then some for a pizza first joint ... Do yourself a favor and go its great pizza with a nice sit down family atmosphere just remember it isn't a fast food pizza chain!!
5	Wow huge place! Lots of TVs, lots of seating & a high ceiling! Super fresh food even at 1pm on a Tuesday. Pizza made when ordered, boneless wings tasty & juicy.   $30 for large pizza, 24 boneless wings & 2 unlimited refill drinks. Way more than enough for 2 people, we'll be eating this for days... Also, has drink & slice for $3, drink & 2 slices for $6 - great deals for lunch time. Staff friendly. Fast service. I'll be back. :)
5	So this place reminds me of this lil mom and pop place I used to go to. There wings are amazing but there pizza is ok.. now this place has the same mom and pop feel and taste but better. I love how there ranch is made not bought. So freash. I don't really like pizza but man there pizza is SOOOOO good.
5	Ok guys:) food is great but make sure u know how big is extra large!!!! Their portion are really really big so for newbies look at the people eating around hehe iam going home with 3 boxes:)
4	This place has one of the best pizzas in Phoneix! I have been here twice for takeout and once to eat in. They have a nice selection of draft beer and the food is really good. Staff was great also! I love to come here when I'm on this side of town and in the mood for pizza, it's definitely the best pizza in Laveen!
3	Gluten free pizza for me!!! Yay! We order from Barro's pretty frequently now that we know they have gluten free pizza and you can basically build your pizza to your liking. The caveat is that with gluten free, as with alot of places, its more expensive. So much for having an allergy and not going broke! However, I have learned that gluten free pizzas have to be cooked seperately. Hence the reason you get only a 10in pizza instead of being able to order the fat butt American large marge size. I love the crispy crust, also. However, Barro's has been soggy on the crust at times, and we have since found another source for gluten free splurges. And don't expect any coupons or deals on gluten free pizza here..
2	This Barro's location is very hit or miss. We have had great pizza from here and we have also had seriously underdone pizza (wet doughy crust) and once they put anchovies all over the pizza although I had not ordered it, nor said anything even close to "anchovies". The underdone pizza was delivery, and when we called to complain, they re-delivered another one. With the anchovy mistake, I had picked it up. I had to drive back to the store to get my remade pizza. When my husband had called, he was told that the manager would give us something extra for our inconvenience. When I arrived, the young woman behind the counter almost gave me the wrong pizza, and the manager never even came out to apologize, let alone comp us anything. Now, having worked in the restaurant industry, neither my husband nor I are asshats who make a scene and demand things for free. But when the promise is made, and there's no delivery...I NEVER had a single issue when I got our Barro's in North Phoenix on my way home from work. We were excited to have a branch nearer to us, but my confidence in this location is seriously shaken.
4	This review is for takeout only. Called for takeout and they answered quickly. I ordered 3 large pizzas and she repeated my order for clarification. Said it would be ready in 25 minutes. Arrived at the restaurant after 20 minutes and I was surprised at how large the seating area was. And it seems necessary because there were plenty of folks there on a Saturday afternoon. plenty of tvs for sports.We got our pizza and headed out. It was quite good. Soft, thick crust and really good cheese. Will likely return again.
5	I am addicted to this pizza! I have never had a problem with takeout or delivery. Each time the pizza was ready as promised, even delivered earlier than quoted. I usually get a regular pep and cheese, but have tried the gluten free as well. Never had a bad pizza or problems with customer service. They are very busy on the weekends, you just need to plan ahead. It is worth the wait.
5	I have been going to Barros many years there pizzas are Awesome so good, flavorful and you can tell it's made from scratch
4	My family loves barros pizza. Their pizza is on point and their wings are awesome. The staff is very nice and they keep the place clean. They have their own little section for kids so it's a great place to have a playdate and eat. we go here atleast 2-3 times a month. I love them.
5	It is rare when you find a place where the service is as good as the food. In particular, the wings are hands down the best in Phoenix!
5	One of the best lunch pizzas I have ever had. The crust was slightly less cooked then other Barros. I loved it. Everything else was n par. The staff the building the booths ALL good.
2	EH...We usually drive up to our fav Streets of New York but thought we would give Barros a try since we live down here in Laveen.  First impression, nice interior, lots of tvs although I feel bad for anyone that hasnt been here before and doesnt know to order before you sit.  Secondly, why is there a tip line on the credit card slip?  How do I know what to tip before I receive any service.  But it makes some sense because you dont actually receive service, you get a number so you mostly feel pressured to leave something.  Not sure where it goes since again, no one actually serves you.  The young girl that brought us our pizza seemed like she had more important things to do.  I think we got a "here ya go" as she slid it onto our table. Prior to that though, the side salad we ordered had wilted lettuce in it.  Garden salad that had lettuce, tomatoes and croutons...wheres the rest of the garden?? Pizza was really good though.  But I doubt we will be going again. Back to Streets for us.
4	They have great wings, cold beer, and amazing pizza.  This is one of my favorite pizza places in the Laveen area.  On weekends the atmosphere is a bit like Chuck E Cheese with brat kids under no control of their parents.  They flail around your dinner table like an unwanted zoo attraction.  Best idea is to order for delivery!
5	This was my first time order from Barro's and I must say that I was very pleased with the delivery service. It's the best pizza I've had in a long time and best I've had since moving out here to Arizona 7 years ago from Oakland,CA.Order was delivered in the time frame they promised and delivery person was friendly. I think I'll be using them plenty during this upcoming football season.
4	Really good pizza & wings. They also do gluten free which is a huge plus for us because my wife is allergic. The crust is thicker and chewy which makes the pizza very hearty. Everything is fresh and they are happy to fix anything if it's not quite right.
5	Just moved to Laveen and was looking for just salad and wings. I was reading reviews about Native New Yorker ( which weren't very good) so we tried this place. It wasn't busy so we ordered right away, was very spacious and tables were nice. We ordered salad and came out within 5 minutes, the wings came out just as we finished salad. Everything was very tasty. Will be back again
