5	If you want a person who is willing to listen and investigate your aches and pains this is the guy for you. I had severe pain in my side to the back. It persisted for more than a year and I went to three internists seeking relief. None listen or cared and wanted to do whatever they wanted to do before addressing my concerns.Jeffrey Trinka D.C. Listened and was able to give me the relief I was seeking. Dr. Trinka is a large man who is able to embrace a fat old fart like me fully and push and pull you in to shape. So give him a try when you are feeling crooked.
4	My husband bought a Arizona Wellness massage package from work as a just because gift.  Sometimes he gets it right.  =)  I get three 30 mins massages or upgrade to a 60 mins for only $20 & 3 more massages at 50% off.  What the heck!  I will try a 30 min to see if the place is ok.  It is a chiropractor office.  They have a split layout (chiropractor and massages patience).You walk in, check in, and then they call you.  The massage therapist came and introduced herself.  The you know the usually questions, and disrobe!  The massage was pretty good.
5	Awesome place! From the moment you call until you are seen and on your way out, you can tell that the staff and chiropractors believe in seeing you happy and healthy. The ladies at the front are more than just professional, they are sincere and that is sometimes hard to find these days at check in. I have never found the place to be overly crowded and I am taken in right away. I like the new location and the parking is adequate. I drive 45minutes across town to meet with Dr. Trinka because he is great at what he does! I was referred by a family member and have since referred three other people, all of whom had positive experiences. I have had bad experiences as a kid who got injured in dance and had rough and tough chiros who never took the time to make sure I was all aligned from head to toe.. Dr. Trinka is a large guy but not intimidating-- he is gentle and thorough with each session and I always leave feeling like my pain has subsided. A+++ Would definitely recommend again.
5	This review is for both chiropractic and massage services, as I have done both multiple times. This clinic is the same as what Yelp has labeled Goodyear Chiropractic and Auto Injury (http://www.yelp.com/biz/goodyear-chiropractic-auto-injury-avondale), and is now located at Van Buren and Central.Chiropractic-I see Dr. Miller, who is a very friendly, warm young woman. I have had 5 chiropractors throughout my life, all of whom have been large men. So, when I first saw Dr. Miller (she is a tiny little thing) my first thought was "yeah right." But she is AMAZING and very thorough. There was one time that I went in and my neck was really tight, which was preventing me from being adjusted as thoroughly as I could have been, so she spent several minutes rubbing out knots in my neck before continuing my treatment. She is the only chiropractor that I have been treated by at this clinic, so I can't comment on the others. You always have the option of starting your treatment by laying on the muscle stimulation table (where they attach the little electrodes that contract and relax your muscles) with heating or ice packs to get you loosened up before you adjustment. Their prices are also very reasonable, and they accept several insurance plans. My insurance makes my copay only $30, but if you do the monthly plan your adjustments (including the electronic stimulation) are $30 for the first adjustment of the month regardless of your insurance, with each additional adjustment being only $21. Massage-I have to say that my massage experiences have been completely different than Keeley's. The therapists that I have had give the most awesome massages I have ever had in my life (and I've tried those high-end spas that charge $100+ for a massage). The last time I went in I had been having terrible headaches because my neck was so tense, and the young lady doing my massage (sorry, can't remember her name) spent the entire hour on my neck and shoulders. OH MY GOSH. It was intense, but I felt amazing afterwards and my headache, which had been debilitating for 2 days prior and nearly unbearable as I had been sitting in the lobby waiting for my appointment, was gone. On other occasions, I just wanted a general full body massage because I didn't have any specific pains or tension, and those have been fantastic, as well. The rooms I have been in have always been dark, warm, and quiet with relaxing music, comfortable bedding, and a very pleasant smell. I know that this clinic recently moved (the Yelp address is wrong-- they are now at Van Buren and Central), so maybe the other reviewer had been at the old building? You can get a massage package/membership either by itself or added onto a chiropractic package. But, unlike the other reviewer, I was never pressured to do this. After my first massage my therapist mentioned it and said it was a good idea if I was planning on coming in on a regular basis because of how significant of a discount it gives you, gave me a handout/price list, and that was it. I wasn't pressured into signing up for it or scheduling my next appointment. I ultimately DID decide to purchase the package, though, after having such good experiences. It does make it very affordable- you can do the once a month chiropractic plus once a month 1 hour massage for $60 total. You do get to try out the massage therapy for $19 for your first treatment. Clinic-The inside of the clinic is pretty generic. It doesn't look like a spa, but it isn't supposed to be a spa, so that didn't bother me. The massage area and chiropractic area are separate sides of the clinic. The only thing that could be off-putting about the clinic is the lack of privacy on the chiropractic side, if you are self-conscious about that kind of thing. All of the electrotherapy tables are lined up beside each other in an area that is visible from the lobby, without dividers. Everyone is laying face-down, so it isn't like anyone is looking at you, but it is just something to be aware of. Also, the adjustment rooms don't have doors, which I found odd, but not that big of a deal.
5	This review is for both chiropractic and massage services, as I have done both multiple times. This clinic is the same as what Yelp has labeled Goodyear Chiropractic (http://www.yelp.com/biz/goodyear-chiropratic-goodyear), and is now located at Van Buren and Central-- the address on the Goodyear Chiropractic page is the old clinic. Chiropractic-I see Dr. Miller, who is a very friendly, warm young woman. I have had 5 chiropractors throughout my life, all of whom have been large men. So, when I first saw Dr. Miller (she is a tiny little thing) my first thought was "yeah right." But she is AMAZING and very thorough. There was one time that I went in and my neck was really tight, which was preventing me from being adjusted as thoroughly as I could have been, so she spent several minutes rubbing out knots in my neck before continuing my treatment. She is the only chiropractor that I have been treated by at this clinic, so I can't comment on the others. You always have the option of starting your treatment by laying on the muscle stimulation table (where they attach the little electrodes that contract and relax your muscles) with heating or ice packs to get you loosened up before you adjustment. Their prices are also very reasonable, and they accept several insurance plans. My insurance makes my copay only $30, but if you do the monthly plan your adjustments (including the electronic stimulation) are $30 for the first adjustment of the month regardless of your insurance, with each additional adjustment being only $21. Massage-The therapists that I have had give the most awesome massages I have ever had in my life (and I've tried those high-end spas that charge $100+ for a massage). The last time I went in I had been having terrible headaches because my neck was so tense, and the young lady doing my massage (sorry, can't remember her name) spent the entire hour on my neck and shoulders. OH MY GOSH. It was intense, but I felt amazing afterwards and my headache, which had been debilitating for 2 days prior and nearly unbearable as I had been sitting in the lobby waiting for my appointment, was gone. On other occasions, I just wanted a general full body massage because I didn't have any specific pains or tension, and those have been fantastic, as well. The rooms I have been in have always been dark, warm, and quiet with relaxing music, comfortable bedding, and a very pleasant smell. You can get a massage package/membership either by itself or added onto a chiropractic package.  After my first massage my therapist mentioned it and said it was a good idea if I was planning on coming in on a regular basis because of how significant of a discount it gives you, gave me a handout/price list, and that was it. I wasn't pressured into signing up for it or scheduling my next appointment. I ultimately DID decide to purchase the package, though, after having such good experiences. It does make it very affordable- you can do the once a month chiropractic plus once a month 1 hour massage for $60 total. You do get to try out the massage therapy for $19 for your first treatment. Clinic-The inside of the clinic is pretty generic. It doesn't look like a spa, but it isn't supposed to be a spa, so that didn't bother me. The massage area and chiropractic area are separate sides of the clinic. The only thing that could be off-putting about the clinic is the lack of privacy on the chiropractic side, if you are self-conscious about that kind of thing. All of the electrotherapy tables are lined up beside each other in an area that is visible from the lobby, without dividers. Everyone is laying face-down, so it isn't like anyone is looking at you, but it is just something to be aware of. Also, the adjustment rooms don't have doors, which I found odd, but not that big of a deal.
5	I have been to a couple of chiropractors in my life and I have to say Trinka is the best. He is a larger man but very good at getting what ails you fixed. His prices are very fair and if you happen to get on the wellness plan it works even better and again fairly inexpensive. I don't know much on the massage end so I won't comment there but he is a great chiropractor for sure
5	This time I am review the doctors.  I tweaked my back BIG time.  I called and they accept my insurance and had an apt in the afternoon.  SWEET!  I went on a Thursday and Saturday to see Dr. Miller.  She sat and listened to me.  Asked questions.  Exam me thoroughly to find the root cause of the pain.  I am lucky, she said my back muscles were ANGRY!  LOL!  I got the massaging machine and heating pad.  10 mins of bless.  I could have slept there.  Then she adjustment me.  After the 2nd visit, I was 50% better.  Then the 3rd visit I got the main Dr. there.  He did the same thing.  Listen and talk to me and adjusted my whole body.  I feel 75% better today!!!  Can't wait to I can dance again.  LOL!  Super nice and friend staff.
