2	I stopped by here when my boyfriend's friend was Djing upstairs.  The downstairs was about the best.  Dive bar, close quarters - I would've felt more at home.  I went up the first staircase and ended up in a crowd of people watching belly dancers.  Yippee.  Up the next staircase we went - and it was just someone's house converted into a Goth-house-party.  There was a plain old 1 person bathroom... a living room with artwork for sale, another living room with chairs and couches and a final room where 2 people can flail around to the dj who is shoved in a corner.  It has a great idea, but I think it'll be better once a no-smoking law goes in effect and it loses it's "house party" feel.  I also thought it was bogus that I had to fight through the crowd to go down 2 flights of stairs just to get another tiny drink.
5	Remedy, what can I say about you?  You're my home away from home. The best bartenders are employed here.  The drinks are cheap and strong.  The food is outstanding.  I remember back when this was Rays.  And it was notorious for some... sleazy activity.  Not anymore, this bar has cleaned up it's act under the best new ownership, Tony.  Tony was one of my favorite bartenders at Gooski's back in the day.The rest of the bartenders are just as fabulous.1st Floor:  Dive bar feel with slight class.  Front room, where the bar is, stools and 2 seater tables, back room near the kitchen is non-smoking while the kitchen is open.  Back deck, awesome.  Small and awkward but a good place to settle in and talk to some friends.2nd Floor:  Bar in the back, singe bathroom men/women.  Usually dance party going on up there.  Not a LOT of room but it's pretty open and fun to dance in.  There is a back room with a pool table and a lot of chairs, but beware if you sit back there, you may get hit with a pool cue!3rd Floor:  Seperated into 3 different rooms, no bar upstairs, single men/women full bathroom (it's got a tub/shower and everything), there is usually artwork hanging in the 3rd floor for sale.  This floor is rarely open on most nights, and is easily reserved for your special get together!  There's a small DJ booth in the back corner, and a small dancefloor surrounding it.  I love this place, I truly do, and whenever I have visitors from out of town, this is ALWAYS the first place I take them, and they always fall in love!!
4	At first glance, Remedy seems like a dive bar. And the first floor is pretty divey; lowkey crowds, decent prices on drinks, jukebox. But move toward the back for restaurant seating and check out their menu. They have great options for vegetarians (definitely try the vegan sloppy joe!) and reasonable prices. Wander upstairs and you'll find some lowkey performance/party spaces. I reserved the second floor for a poetry reading event and it was fantastic. The staff is great to work with and they were just really accommodating. We even had our own bar and bar tender. I do wish they had more seating available, since a lot of people showed up and there was no place to sit, but other than that I definitely suggest trying Remedy.
5	I really like this place - a little farther away from most of the places you're thinking of for Lawrenceville, but a great beer selection and a nice little back restaurant area. Order the wings and you are going to be overwhelmed at the size of the plate, but I have been most impressed with the soups. (Usually if you order a soup at a restaurant it's going to be pretty underwhelming, but not so here - so far I've had white navy bean and curry squash. YUM!) Plus you can get carry out beers there in a pinch...If they did weekend brunch I'd be so happy.
3	was like a discovery zone for hipsters. the rooms just kept coming and coming - upstairs, downstairs, inside, outside wow. bad bathroom ratio for the number of people in the place, but good selection of beer for a dive bar.
5	Yep, Tony is on it with this one.  Great menu.  Crowd is really cool, not at all stuck up or showy.  Low key.  Great place to hang out late night.  Great place to eat in the early evening.
5	we love remedy. big time. the food is great, personal fave being the homemade hummus in delish flavors, served with fresh pita, olives and grape tomatoes. the drinks are definitely cheap, strong, and tasty. good beer selection, bottle and on tap....I've even heard that Tony has ordered a special request before. the owners are a cool, young couple who've made the place what it is today; great local bar with good food, drinks, diverse crowd and great DJ nights.
4	I'd been to the downstairs bar and back patio a few times for beers, which are both nice. As some other have mentioned, they have a great selection of beers. This spring, I discovered the upstairs. Really fun dance parties. Most of the crowd is comprised of just out of school hipsters (i.e., young), but people get along and there was very minimal attitude. The DJ's are a little lazy. They just plug in a macbook and ipod, and play whatever their whimsy dictates. It would be nicer if they thought out their sets more carefully, but everyone has a good time, so that's not such a big deal.
3	Remedy is a cool little place in Lawrenceville if you are looking for a dance party. This place is carved out of an old house and has a creepy haunted vibe to it, but in a cool way. The first level is the bar and a back room which seems to be a hipster seating area. The second floor is where the fun is; a small dance floor and a tiny bar so you don't have to keep going downstairs. The DJ's they bring in are hit or miss, but at least Remedy tries to bring in people who spin more than top 40 hits. The third floor has a couple more rooms and from time to time a live band plays up there. Usually something totally different and what some people might call "weird" but if you are looking to expand your musical horizons head up to the third floor and see if anyone is playing.Prices are fair, and though the crowd is a bit hipsterish for me, everyone is always really nice.
3	My first Pittsburgh bar!Love the levels and prices.Karaoke MESS(b)
4	Best BBQ Duck in the city.
4	Hands down, THE BEST burger I have ever had. Cooked to perfection and a huge, two-hander. I haven't tried anything else here (I am, sadly, a creature of habit) but we took friends over for dinner one night and they tried several other things on the menu and were mightily pleased. (I think one person had wings, someone else had a sandwich... *shrug* Didn't seem to find any fails.) We did have a 12 year old, the son of one of our friends, with us and they were ok-sort of- with him coming in with us. I don't blame the establishment for this; rules are rules but just know, this is really not a 'dinner with the family' kind of place. Not really my thing as far as bars go; not into the "I'm just a little cooler than you are" hipster crowd, but they seem to get a steady stream of traffic, so they're doing something right.Did I mention the burger? Seriously.
5	Remedy is a great small little bar in Laweranceville. At first, it is seemingly a dive bar but at closer inspection is so very much more. The food menu is unique and constantly being updated with new favorites. The upstairs is a dance club on some nights and seems to host some private parties some other nights. This place is diverse in beers, people, and atmosphere. There is something here for everyone to enjoy. I highly recommend visiting this bar at least once to see if it fits your fancy. I promise you will not be disappointed.
3	UGH. Remedy. Smoking? Realllllly? But ... I see you serve duck! And ... apple cinnamon hummus!? And your beer list ... great short list of micros at really, really good prices. Unfortunately, I won't go back until they sell enough food that they legally have to ban smoking. Even the bartenders were smoking while they were pouring beers. There's no ventilation in the front room at all, which makes it exponentially worse - but for those of you who don't mind the smoke, this is a pretty cool hideout.
3	What a mixed bag.  On the outskirts of Lawrenceville hipsterzone sits this little bar.  It actually reminded me of a house party in college, considering it's a converted house.  You get all kinds of different people in there too.  Hipsters, regulars, low key, party night people... it's all there!First level is the chill zone.  People from all walks of life intermingle together with a drink in hand.  I was actually surprised to see a decent draft list.  After grabbing my Oberon I headed out into the small patio area.  Nothing special, just a couple plastic chairs and tables.  Remember, this is a house party after all!  If you head upstairs you'll enter the dance portion of the party.  A DJ spins mashed up old school hits with some techno beats.  I'm not really into dancing to this kind of music, but I can respect a good mix.  Props to the DJ have to be given.  There's a pretty small bar upstairs and two larger rooms to dance.  But, being an old house... packed to the gills with dancing people on a hot summer night it is not the coolest place.  Actually it's down right gross... unless you're dancing so much you don't care it's hard to spend a lot of time up there.I passed a foursome getting an order of food and it looked and smelled amazing!  It was around 10pm at night and the food looked gourmet.  I have to say I'm a little intrigued.  If you're putting out good looking food like that late night, I may have to venture down during the earlier hours for a bite.
5	Great burger and good fries.
4	Remedy is the ultimate mixed bag but the pros definitely outweigh the cons. The beer selection is always good, the prices are excellent and the bar tenders are always on their game. The atmosphere varies wildly depending on what day of the week you go. On weekdays (and even sometimes on Fridays) Remedy functions as a fairly chill neighborhood bar. On weekends Remedy tends to get over crowded and can certainly put one's tolerance level of hipsters to the test. If you can't handle smokey bars you definitely won't be able to handle Remedy because there is a 100% chance you'll leave smelling like an ashtray. What puts Remedy over the top for me is the food. The food is consistently excellent and is among the best bar food I've come across in Pittsburgh. Everything I've tried on the menu ranged from good to excellent.
4	We had a bit of a hard time finding the actual restaurant as it was our first in pittsburgh but we did and I'm so glad, after a night of too many whiskey and cokes and beers we needed some good food, we ordered the last order of the seitan wings with buffalo sauce and fries. Best decision ever and one order fed us both to fullness. I would recommend this place to anyone and the Bloody Mary was a kick in the butt that I needed.
2	I think Remedy has good food, a good drink selection.  Notice I say everything is good....not great.What isn't great is the smoking and the regulars.  I never understand why regulars at a bar get mad when new people decide to try "their" place out.  I've been to Remedy about a dozen times to experience the same piercing stares.  I'm a normal, well-behaved person with hipster-tendencies, and just because I don't go to your bar every night shouldn't mean I'm not welcome.If you go, power through those stares, avoid the smoke, and enjoy your drink on the back patio.  It's a nice place to enjoy L-ville on a warm night.
4	I just discovered Remedy when I moved to Lawrenceville recently.  I'm thrilled to report that they have the best burger I've had in this city.  Period.  That's not to say that other places have bad burgers, but the one I had here was excellent.One of my primary complaints is that when I order my burger to be cooked as Medium I rarely get it that way.  I get well-done (no pink) or medium-rare (too much pink) or worse, rare (WAY too much pink).  The burger I had at Remedy was exactly medium.  A touch of pink in the center and yet still a nice, juicy burger.  Not to mention that it had bacon, egg and cheese on it.  Oh, it was fat-gram heaven, I'll tell you.  And you should go there and have it right NOW.I also recommend the Buffalo Wing cheese dip.  In particular it appears that they make the chips in-house.  But even if they fooled me on that note, the chips were fresh and the dip was awesome.Be forewarned though, Remedy is a smoking bar which seems like a bit of a throwback these days.  I'm not a smoker, but I can also choose to ignore smoke.  However it has become a bit shocking to walk into an establishment that serves food and still allows smoking.  Some people may not like that so please take note.  I still suggest overlooking it and checking things out at Remedy.And finally - they serve Bell's Two-Hearted Ale (in bottles) so by my book they are nearing perfection.
3	I need a Remedy for the cigarette smoke wafting onto my burger. GROSS. I came to this place because it was serving food until 11.  After waiting for the lackadaisical bartender to take my order (and worrying because many a night I have arrived at a Pittsburgh establishment past ten and been told the kitchen staff was not around!) I was taken care of. Sort of. I went to sit in the back room, which had SLIGHTLY less smoke than the front room, but as soon as my food arrived the table next to me lit up (though there are signs saying no smoking). I understand people were cold and didn't want to smoke outside. Fine (sort of) but could the smoking please just be confined to one room and preferably the one without food in it? Still Remedy gets stars because the crowd in that bar was THE most diverse one I have seen in Pittsburgh. Black, white, old young, gay, straight, everyone came together united by...smoking! The food was good too.
1	I can't express how angry I am at this bar. I own a small business and do not give negative reviews On yelp unless I have had absolutely horrible service
5	Awesome food, good service. Everything is excellent quality they make all their food from scratch. Currently sippin down an ipa and eating pulled duck tacos and homemade chips and salsa for a reasonable price. Weekend crowds are crazy, but come on a week night for good eats and good drinks! Bar food never tasted this good I swear.
1	I've been here once, and hope to keep it that way.  There was a wide beer selection, but the prices were ridiculous. Also the service was horrible and the bartender was snarky and unhelpful.  But if you're trying to get a good Instagram picture of a PBR tall boy, go here.
2	Let me preface this by saying this place is going downhill.  It's gotten pretty seedy lately with lots of unsavory characters and trolls sitting at the bar.  Like drug scene and shady, but if you are into that, have at it.  I ain't judgin' you, just not my thing.The DJ's here are usually pretty good, so that's good if you want to dance, yet the dance floor is quite tiny.  It's somewhat difficult to get served here unless it's the guy bartender with glasses and a baseball cap.  He's very attentive, the rest are either snobby or indifferent to your existence and mine clearly.  I'll tell you a story, last month I stopped in (even though someone that used to work there said it's no good and scary now) for a drink, and well, I did not get a drink.  I wanted a drink, I was thirsty, but the bartender was too busy chatting, then getting on her smartphone to wait on me.  Some guy came from behind the bar and I asked him if he'd wait on me and he said, "ummm...I'd help you, but she doesnt want me messing with her drawer."So, that's it.  no more remedy for me.
5	This is the coolest hipster bar in Pittsburgh, so definitely stop in if you like that type of crowd. I absolutely love it here. These are my people, with a laid-back hipster vibe, good food and good music. I've had food here many times, and I typically enjoy the vegetarian cuisine. The black bean burger is a highlight for me. The best time to go is for the dance party upstairs, which hosts a diverse crowd, pool tables, good music, cheap PBR, and a nice dance floor. Many times I've taken my party of one there just to have a good night to dance on my own. And there's always a good possibility to find someone to go home with at the end of the night!
5	I stumbled in here without any expectations, as the Blue Moon was too crowded to enjoy. On a whim I ordered some pierogies. They may be the best pierogies I've had at a restaurant, and the carmelized onions, to my surprise, were actually carmelized and not just sauteed.I didn't stay long, so I can't attest to the crowd, or the music, or the scene at the bar, but best pierogies I've ever had from a restaurant deserves five stars in my book.
4	Remedy is hands-down one of my favorite places when going out in Pittsburgh. While not every night has been perfect, I have had enough awesome times to keep coming back over and over. Saturday nights are great for dancing. We always check their website to see who the DJ is, as they have a rotating schedule. Nestless Eggs is one of our favorite nights there. It's a departure from the annoying Top 40 stuff you hear in other bars. Any place that plays Robyn immediately wins me over!Drinks are reasonably priced, and the regular bartender on the second floor is awesome and friendly. The bar itself is essentially an old house, and the upstairs is still divided into rooms with old woodwork and fireplace mantles. Definitely an interesting feel to this place, almost like a house party. If at some point I leave Pittsburgh, this would surely be one of the places I would miss most!
4	Remedy is pretty cool- they have dancing on the weekends which is awesome, but it gets very hot upstairs. Their food is about a 3/5.  Next time I will ask for no rosemary in my food. They also have beer available for carry out! Great vibe all around.
3	Whoa- Remedy was hot. Dancing upstairs was great but sweaty, and I had to dodge a couple burning cigarettes held by inattentive dancers. Overall, a pretty fun bar with strong drinks. The best part was the sandwiches at 1 a.m. from Cured. Perfect way to end the night.
5	This is a true dive bar vibe... Come as you are and be what you want to be, judging prohibited. Smoking permitted, however. Also, be cool, no one here wants to deal with an attitude or bullshit.Cheapest crafts in Lawrenceville - $5 for a pint of West Coast IPA. They still have the basics, as well. My man loves the really big cans of Miller, PBR, and other domestics. I'm not sure how we are compatible. I've eaten my way pretty much through the entire menu and don't have any complaints. Wings are breaded and super good, hummus is tasty (not my fave in the city, but good), and the zucchini planks are awesome.Other Faves:Turkey Chili (The only good thing about winter arriving)Homemade tortilla chipsSalsaThe chicken sandwich with green apple on itBlack bean burgerBeef burger burgerPlan on intellectual conversation about the state of the world and if you're into sports, there's a lot of that talk going on as well. Jukebox is great and can be a little schizophrenic depending on the mix of patrons. Dancing/DJs upstairs on weekends is always a good time.Thanks for being awesome, Remedy. Don't change a thing.
4	Remedy is a low-key, fun hipster dive bar, much like Belvedere's was a year and a half ago. There isn't typically a cover unless there's a special show (a big plus!) and the food is decent. The loaded fries in particular are delicious. Upstairs the atmosphere is decidedly chill and not creepy. People play pool, dance, and mingle with friends. It's a welcome change from places like Industry where you're forced to witness yinzer bachelorette parties alongside rabid hookups. Yes, the rooms can get hot and stuffy, but that's to be expected with such a small space. I'm happy to have Remedy as a dependable option for a fun Saturday night.
