3	Good food. Average pricing. Free Wi-Fi Internet. Nothing special, nothing bad to say either.  Try it...
2	Went there for lunch today.  Had the loaded Spud and a Ice tea.  The potato had obviously been warmed up in a microwave and still was only lukewarm.  Price with tax was nearly ten dollars. Mediocre food and way overpriced IMHO.
3	McAlister's does tend to run on the expensive side if you are looking for a cheap lunch... but the are pretty consistent with their menu items and what you can expect every visit.This location is convenient to Concord Mills so I sometimes find myself here during lunch breaks or if I am running errands.  Staff is fairly friendly and haven't really had a bad experience here to note.  It does tend to get pretty busy during the lunch window, but the line never really seems to be that long and you don't end up waiting much.
2	I've been to this location a few times & consistently, "I've experienced better", more specifically at other McAlister's locations.For the consistency part: the food is always the same...I always get a BLT, potato salad, & sweet tea, & every time they taste the same. The BLT isn't great, the bacon is a bit overcooked & the bread isn't necessarily fresh. The potato salad doesn't taste fresh. Yesterday's visit: the sweet tea tasted a bit bitter.The staff is consistent, as well. They're not overly friendly or attentive. Yesterday, we encountered an employee who didn't seem to care that he was there.  Unfortunately, he mumbled too, so we had a hard time understanding him. Somehow there was a mixup with the register & order, & a manager publicly reprimanded him in front of all us customers. I felt very embarrassed for him & ashamed at the manager for using such poor judgement in scolding him in front of customers. The restaurant is clean & there's a good deal of parking. They also have free wi-fi & patio seating. Prices are a bit much for what you get, but food costs are rising everywhere.As convenient as this location is, (right beside Concord Mills), I think yesterday's visit made it my last.
2	Sorry McAlister's.... we were lucky enough to not have to wait in a terribly long line, but the food came out like there was only one person in the kitchen.  I ordered a SALAD... and it took a long while for it to come out.  Normally I try to be a patient person, but it's a salad.  Prepared items tossed into a bowl....It just didn't seem that there was a sense of urgency even from the registers as you could see the lunch rush coming in.... I am hoping it was just a lot of people calling in sick or something... but I may try to avoid this location for a while.  Luckily there is a closer McAlister's to my office that makes a "fairly quick" salad.
2	We have gone to this McAlister's Deli a few times to take advantage of the kids eat free on Tuesdays after 5:00 deal. The food is really hit or miss. Sometimes it's pretty good and other times it seems as if it's been sitting in the window for hours. Tonight was the latter. The kids pita pizzas were actually cold and the cheese for the kids nachos had a crust on top as if it had been sitting a long time.My salad and baked potato were ok. My husbands sandwich was also just ok. The bathroom was not very clean and neither was the floor around and under all the tables around us. Panera bread is across the street and is wonderful. I would expect McAlister's to be on their A game to compete with them...but they're no where near it!
3	It's not bad.  It's not spectacular.  There are a couple of reasons why I do like McAlister's, though.  For one, I'm a "sharer", by nature.  I prefer not to order a whole meal of just one item.  If we go out to breakfast, my husband KNOWS that 90% of the time, I would love to share 2 things with him (and frequently he will indulge without too much coercion).  At McAlister's, they let me share with myself!  They have an entree that they call "Choose 2".  You may select 2 from any number of half sandwiches, half potatoes (with toppings), small entree salads, or cups of soup.  There are TONS of possibilities.  I ordered 1/2 horseradish and roast beef sandwich, and a cup of broccoli cheese soup.  The soup was rich and pretty tasty without being cloying.  I've had the sandwich before and it was pretty good.  This time, it wasn't warmed thoroughly, but I really didn't care enough to send it back.  That is an example of why it's just middle of the road.The second reason that I like them is that they offer a "Kids Eat Free" promotion on Tuesday nights.   Between the 4 of us, we ordered 2 cups of soup, 2 half sandwiches, a pita pizza, a hot ham & cheese sandwich, a large bag of chips, 2 small bags of Teddy Grahams, and 4 drinks... for $19 after tax.
1	We waited over 15 minutes to get our food! The place was almost empty. When I went to ask why it was taking so long they said it would be right out. The food then came out cold and not very good. The potato wasn't hot, chopped salad had huge pieces of lettuce. I wouldn't go back.
2	This place has gotten worse over the last year. The food is normally good however the dining area is always dirty. We walked past 9-10 dirty tables to find a clean one. The table we did sit down at wasn't fully wiped off. It was not very business as it was 630 on a Wednesday nightLunchtime can be hit or miss. Sometimes the food is slow to come out and other times it fast. Most times you will find dirty tables and the management has turned over a lot in past year
2	I really want to like this location... They are always very nice but EVERY SINGLE TIME I stop - it's completely empty and I end up waiting 15 to 20 min for food... Sorry guys but you are losing a ton of business !!!
1	Consistently gets the online order wrong. Their ordering online is one of the most detailed I've seen, so whoever fills them must just be stupid. $10 for the wrong salad? No thanks.
5	Late dinner at 8:30 pm on Sunday.  Fresh sandwiches and salads made with fresh ingredients tonight.  Appreciate the courtesy and quality by the Mcallister's team late on Sunday.
