3	For those looking for a good shave and haircut, keep looking.  They do not do shaves at American Male.  I ended up not going when I found this out (I has to give them a rating, so i gave them 3/5).  But why the hell would a place catering to men not offer shaves?  I would have been pretty pissed if I kept the appointment and not know that.
4	So my first trip to American Male was not bad. It's a salon designed for men and owned by a man. I went as a drop in and was fairly pleased with the results. They have massage chairs, free internet, drinks, and a fairly relaxed atmosphere. Normally I don't talk much when I go to salon's, after all the talk is usually formulaic and scripted. "So are you married, have kids, what do you do for work....." all stuff to keep you distracted while they cut your hair.  The owner asks how I found the place and I explained drive through. I proceed to say offhandedly that I haven't been able to find a decent cut in Vegas. He becomes very interactive in a good way and talks about local places. He gives me his card and his personal number and says to call if I am not satisfied in any way with the service today and he will fix it. This looks like an owner who is motivated to keep and improve his business. Unlike so many other stores here in Vegas.  So to make a long story short I go back and sit down and the girl does everything to make me comfortable and give me a good cut. She did talk a little too much to her fellow stylists and pushed the clippers a bit to hard into my scalp. At first I thought to myself, oh no, here we go again. But then she abruptly pauses in the session and starts commenting on how the last person really screwed up my cut in detail. Very accurate. She was paying attention after all. Just needs a little more delicate hand work.  The rest was a very nice experience. I didn't get the free paraffin and scalp massage as I had an appointment I had to be at. I think I'm going to give them another try......was very satisfied. I got home and my cut was above average, keep in mind I'm having to grow out the last butcher job that American Male fixed.  I will be back to see how they do with a regular cut......
4	This is a good salon for men.  However, it is interesting that they do not do shaves but do put your hands in paraffin wax?   Otherwise, massage chair, free beverage, products, service and overall atmosphere make this place a great value for the money.
5	OK Im sold. This is the best place in town to get your hair cut.Went back for a second and third visit. Both times I got the same stylist. She was professional, efficient, polite, and gave a good hair cut. Got frequent compliments since it was so much better than the usual hack job the other places do. You know who you are........And to all those reviewers who are upset that they don't do shaves, grow up, only the premo expensive places do that. You know why, first is the risk. They cut you, not good. You get an infection, really not good. Think liability.  Lastly, how many women have ever shaved thier face? I might trust a barber to shave me, not a female stylist. Come on. Either go pay out the nose or zip it. Either way, you're just lazy.
5	I've been playing phone tag with my usual hair stylist for like a month now since she cut back her hours and I've been busy with work.  Thank you, Yelp, for helping me find a salon that's made just for guys.  I finally took the plunge and booked a haircut here last week.I was pretty happy when I was able to make an evening appointment with an hour's notice, but I was really sold when I showed up and they offered me a beverage... water, soda, coffee, or my choice, a beer.  While I waited, they had an expensive massage chair I was able to use for free.What followed was one of the best haircut experiences I've ever received.  Not only did I get a haircut, but I got a face massage, a scalp massage, and a parafin hand wax (no, I didn't know what it was until I had it either).  Sure it was $38, but the extra pampering was worth it over the $25 I was spending beforehand.  I'll be heading back there next month, most likely.  Sorry, Mary!
5	Excellent experience.  Salon is over-the-top nice.  Great concept.  The service was fantastic and you can tell the owner, Rod, takes great pride in his salon.  Rumors are they're going to open up a shop on the east side.  Hope so as the drive from Henderson was a bit far.  Worth it though.
4	This is a great concept for a chain salon: a full service salon for men at reasonable prices.Being in Vegas for a couple months on business and due for a cut weeks ago, I needed to find a decent cut and style without spending a huge amount on some salon on the strip.  American Male was definitely quite a trek from the strip/downtown.At first I was a bit put off by the suburban strip mall location, but the gentleman at the reception desk was very friendly and welcoming and offered me a beverage. My cut by Kerri was decent, though a bit too short and not enough styling, however I did appreciate the parafin hand dip, shaving the back of my neck with a razor and the hot facial.Good value.The only major gripe: dark walls and dim bluish fluorescent lighting made for an unflattering environment.
4	This place is really great!  I had gotten lazy about getting a quality haircut here in Las Vegas;  I had condemned myself to an endless series of Supercuts that left me looking like a six-year-old.   On the outs with fashion.  Thanks to American Male, I'm back in! (I hope!)  After a quality haircut, massage and even this odd thing where they dipped my hands in birthday cake-scented candle wax and put them in mitts, I felt relaxed and stress-free.   It was pricy, but I'll think of it as a once-every-six-weeks day to unwind and get refreshed for an hour.  Thanks for restoring my faith in me ever having a decent haircut again!  Also, thank you for making my hands smell like cake possibly forever.
5	I love this place! Had my third appointment there yesterday with Michelle...she's amazing!  For a guy this is the ONLY place in town!
5	Great place! Nice staff, great cut, and while I'm unsure why any guy would want soft hands with the paraffin dip, I'll definitely be back!
4	For the last two years I spent in Las Vegas, this is where I got my hairs did. Had a few different stylists (scheduling prevented me from being monogamous), and each was better than the last, and none were less than quite good.  Something like $35 (plus tip, which was usually $20) would get me a beverage, a paraffin hand dip (nice!), a pre-cut shampoo, an excellent cut which always matched up with my intent (if not my clumsy instructions), a post-cut shampoo and conditioner, some light product...and often a scalp massage and mini-facial tossed in for good measure, depending on whether the stylist was of a mood and had some time.  If I could find a local, non-chain operation which offered this kind of service, I'd pay a bit more to enjoy it.  That is a true story.Mild (mild!) complaints: the movie posters used as wall art looked like they came from a sale bin, just picked at random by someone looking for "guy stuff."  Spiderman and LOTR posters didn't really jibe with the feel of the rest of the place.  Of course, the TV was showing Twilight, so...  And the magazines could've used a little more curating, maybe.  But whatever, I never had to wait more than a few minutes, so no big deal.
4	This is a clean and welcoming salon where you are greeted with an offer of a complimentary beverage.  For a reasonable price, the professional hair-stylist provides a relaxing scalp and facial massage and paraffin hand treatment along with a haircut that includes shampooing and conditioning.  A man likes to be pampered as much as a woman, and here they pamper you.
5	Full service all the way. Carrie was awesomely amazing. I had an appointment at the end of the day, but they were superb. Very on-point and professional, with some silliness to make it even better.If you want an awesome haircut and an awesome experience, as well as having someone that could pass as Uma Thurman's twin, then definitely check them out. 5+ stars.
3	I want to give it 5 stars for sure. The service and the stylist are worth the 5 stars but I've been coming here for less than a year now, just to get a cut and do the brows. I've had over 4 different stylist because they quit or are fired. The ones that quit say they could get paid more renting a salon booth. If I wanted a different stylist I'd goto supercuts. I want someone who understands my hair and modern styles.Now those people complaining about not getting a facial shave. It's hard to find a place that will use a straight razor for that anyway. The health district is extremely strict on allowing that. With all the blood born pathogens and diseases who would want to go public for that anyway? It's not the 1800's anymore
1	My Son was here visiting over Christmas decided to get a hair cut so he looked on Groupon.com there was a 20dollar one so he went for it! omg what a crappy hair cut I had to trim it over when he got home! It didnt look any different thatn when he walked in! So when he gets back to Texas he has to go to get it done again! And the kicker is the stylist doing his hair was sick she had Broncitus...so she kept leaving and coming back! for a place that dose services for poeple that was pretty  bad people like that shouldnt even be working if they are sick!!!! with the coupon he had it was twenty dollars regularly fourty! I sure wouldnt have paid 40cents much less 20cents!
4	Having seen that the owner read and commented on my earlier review shows that he is committed to his business. I can now say I've been coming here steady now for a little over a year and I've had the same stylist for a while. She knows her stuff and it seems like they all do. She gives me recommendations but does not push the envelope. The customer service and the treatment is A+. I always get compliments on my haircut so I'm happy. Want a cut ask for Carrie.
5	They are serving their customers beer. 'Nough said.A word to the wise though.  They're stylists, not barbers.  Don't go there looking for a taper.  You will leave very very upset.
2	Alright, my best friend in high school took me here. He could not stop praising about how great they are at making you feel more manly about getting a haircut, facial, and possibly a wax.I usually go to the gym for my "MAN" time, but to each their own. If getting pampered as a male with a mediocre haircut and extra attention from females is your thing. Go for it!For the cost, I would just get my own products.
4	Okay, it has taken me waaaay too long to revise this review and I owe it to American Male Salon to do so. My previous review was a one-star review from an upset customer-to-be who had purchased a Groupon Now only to find out that the salon was closed that day. But, what made a much longer lasting impression was the prompt and understanding response I received from Rod. Here is someone who really knows how to treat customers. He made it worth my while to go back, so the following day, I did.So, how was the haircut? Pretty damn good, I'd say. In fact, the whole treatment was exceptional. It's the kind of dedication to service that Rod showed that breeds customer loyalty. And you can bet I'll be back.
5	Seriously, how great does a place have to be to make you wish your hair grew faster? I love coming here. The service is excellent, the beer is good, the views are fantastic, and, oh, yeah, I get a haircut.
2	Since I had washed my hair at home I asked to skip the Wash and Shampoo. My entire Cut lasted 15 Minutes. When I asked what the Full Charge is Ordinarily for the services I received, I was told $ 42.00 Dollars - Really? Had I received an Incredible Haircut form a Person with Awards or Certifications out the wazoo I would also have asked questions. However the back of my head was just cut terribly. I've NEVER been anywhere where the Back of your head is not shown to you before you leave the seat.My wife immediately caught this when I got home and asked if they used a Lawn Mover.So overall my Impression is, a Clean nicely appointed Salon that is Pompous and Overpriced never matching the value in their asked Price/Service levels.As for the poor haircut I received I must not be the only one - or the place would not be empty with the few employees having anything to do.
4	I have been getting my haircut at nowhere but here since my first visit four years ago. $40 nets you a cut, wash, condition, facial and scalp massage, and your hands waxed. Easily one of the best values in the Valley. The stylists are more/less solid, a step up on their end would result in five stars from me. And the choice is often odd. The first time I came here "Its Raining Men" was playing - a bit bizarre.
1	FALSE ADVERTISING!Their website clearly advertises a Father's Day Special (buy 2 get 1 free kinda deal) under the 'Specials and Promotions', however when I called to inquire about it they said they have nothing going on and it must be last years promo!! You're telling me your website hasn't been updated for a year?!Very unprofessional.http://www.americanmale.com/specials.asp
4	In a word; decadent.Coming from me thats a lot. If I had a choice I would never cut my hair again. Or shave, for that matter. (Hell, I'd also raise chickens and churn my own butter if I didn't live in a tiny apartment). But I have to pay rent and buy groceries and Las Vegas is definitely less  progressive than the PacNor'est. So I go a few times a year and scowl through a SuperShitCuts experience.Enter Groupon. 19.99 for the full service, including 2 shampoos, cut, hand wax(!), face massage, towel, spritz, style, blowdry and product. I thought it would be at least worth the money. I was right.So I go in, am offered a free beer and taken straight back. I gave poor Megan the most ambiguous description of what I wanted. And dammit, she somehow made it happen. Only took a few minutes too, I was stunned. She was wonderful, I will be back again and looking forward to it.And fellas, do the paraffin hand dip. You'll thank me.
5	Best male only shop in vegas, the girls give you massages on your head, parafin dips, back massages, a killer haircut and they are all very sweet and nice.   Give it a try, I will not go anywhere else.   5 Star Service, 5 Star Value
1	Used a groupon to try this place recently. First the good news: the stylist was definitely NOT a conversationalist. Her skills at cutting hair were adequate and that's really all I'm interested in. Now the bad news: the place is in a strip mall on Rainbow. Lighting as bright as an old Chinese restaurant so you can't see the stains on the red carpet nor the roaches scurrying from table to table. Upon entering it presents the ambiance of a massage parlor PLUS a tattoo salon PLUS Sweet Tomatoes (YUK!) PLUS some weirdo's idea of a man cave with all the trimmings: two tvs playing bad, bad music, fake plants with bent leaves, a cheesy video game, a dartboard (line me up for that!!!), some cheap fake leather furniture, crappy 'art' from some local squirrel, and, of course, a KIDS section which is just what every man cave needs, two of them messing around as their 'single dad' was getting his mullet softened, the loser. Front desk person, well, just check for yourself and then see if you're not mumbling 'happy ending' please...Would never recommend and don't plan to return. BTW, the place was almost empty and I can certainly see why. The tools who rated it highly are either lonely, blind and/or living with their parents. Avoid like the plague.
4	Great service all around. The hair stylist really helped me pick out a haircut that fits my head and makes me feel good about it. The hand wax was weird at first but the after effect made them disturbingly soft. I actually enjoy it haha. Would recommend it to my friends.
4	As a man, there probably aren't too many places in the valley that cater to pampering you...unless you come here. When you walk in the receptionist will offer you a complimentary beverage which consist of soda, water or beer. For about 40 bucks you can get a haircut, shampoo, straight razor neck shave, scalp and face massage, and parrafin hand dip. If you go with a buzz cut, it'll only set you back 22 bucks! SWEET!!! They also have additional services you can add on such as massages and mani/pedis but I haven't tried any of those.My stylist was Cris, who was friendly and conversational during my visit. Because it was my 1st time, she explained what she was doing at each phase of my visit. The haircut was pretty average compared to other places I'd been to but the shampoo and scalp/face massage and hot towel afterwards was amazing. You also dip your hands into a parrafin wax that leaves them feeling nice and soft. Everyone was really nice here and it made for a pleasant first visit. I would recommend calling to make an appointment in advance since I'm not sure how busy they are. The shop itself is fairly small, with only 2-3 chairs, 3 shampoo stations, a handful of massage chairs up front near the entrance, and a massage room near the back. The only way this place could get any better is if they had TV's throughout the salon playing live sports or Sportscenter. I would recommend this place and am planning on visiting this place in the future.
1	I stopped in this evening without appt to get a buzz cut and got attitude from girl at desk.  She was talking crazy about if multiple guards or scissors are used it would be 42 dollars.  I got my haircut a couple weeks ago at the other location without such drama.  I won't be back to this location as I don't need the rude tude and wouldn't pay 42 dollars for a simple fade. Get over yourself.
5	This place is awesome, I have visited American Male a couple of times now and have been very impressed with the service. I was welcomed with a smile and a very helpful receptionist. they offer me a drink or coffee while I waited in a cool lounge area. I got to meet the owner Rod, who was very nice and seemed genuinely interested in the services I was seeking to have done. I got my nose and ears waxed, and a facial. I was happy that the waxes where painless and I was very happy with the outcome. best of all, my girlfriend noticed how nice my face looked after the facial. I would encourage all my male friends to visit American Male and get pampered by a very professional staff that cares about you and how you look. Thank you American male
5	Wanna get pampered, styled @ look & feel like a million bucks? Go to American Male -North and have Naomi take care of ya!
5	Wow I love this place! Got the best cut that I've gotten the entire time I've lived in Vegas. ASK FOR NAOMi. She is extremely professional with excellent technique . I know a good bit about cutting hair - for a guy she is too notch and very up to date in the latest styles. Included was shampoo twice, conditioner , paragon hand wax treatment and a facial scrub/massage. $42 plus tip. Setting an appointment through Yelp was a breeze. Don't waste time looking, trust me see Naomi!
5	Needed a haircut while I was out in Vegas, and came here. Place is great, price was right for the services provided, and I actually enjoyed the haircut experience. Place is really clean and well laid out. If need a haircut again while in Vegas I will definitely come back here.
5	It was such a great experience here! It was my first time here and it won't be my last! They treat you like a freakin king here!! My stylist was Annette and she did a great job on my hair! They even give you a complimentary beverage, paraffin hand wax, and a facial massage and neck massage! What more can a man ask for after a long week of work! I highly recommend this place it is worth going to! If you are reading this then please stop by here for your next cut!
5	First off I want to say the customer service here is impeccable.  I was handed a blue moon on arrival which was nice right after work. It's very hard for me to spend a lot on a hair cut but this came with the works. 2 Washes, hot towel, face and scalp massage, and a paraffin dip for your hands so thought it was worth it for $42. Don't let them fool you in to thinking they don't have a less expensive Cut, because they can buzz your sides and back for $22. I wasn't aware and all I needed was just that. I got to talking with my stylist Megan and she refused to let me pay the $42 because I was misinformed.  I was prepared to spend 50 and that's what I still did. She was great and very honest which you don't come by often. I Will definitely be back. You all should check it out and say my name next time and we can get $10 off.
