4	After my appalling experience with Prestige Cleaners (their prices are ridiculous - see previous review); I was on a mission to find a decent place to take my dry cleaning that wouldn't wipe out my entire bank account.Thanks to Brian S, I found Monte Carlo Cleaners!  It's the $1.99 Cleaners in the Scottsdale Promenade (right by Fox Sports Grill next to Verizon and the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf).It's kind of annoying that they accept only cash or debit cards (and it may be a 50 cent charge to use debit), and you do have to pay in advance when you drop your clothing off, but for the amount of money you save long-term, it's worth it!I had ten items dry cleaned for $19.90 + another three items for $5.97 = 13 items for a grand total of $25.87!  Such a deal... and they did a good job from what I can tell so far.  Extra bonus - the guys working there were extremely personable when I came to pick up my stuff!Just as I'm getting ready to move to Old Town... I found a great dry cleaners!  Typical... Thanks Monte Carlo!
4	I absolutely refuse to spend a fortune to clean my clothes I mean cmon...I already spend a fortune buying them RIGHT?This is a place to bring your everyday stuff though. I wouldn't bring my husband's $300 slacks I just wouldn't risk it...I'm sure they would be OK but...We take all his Tommy Bahama wear there and my stuff that can't be washed at home, they do a great job and it is a $1.99 or if you have a coupon which I usually do it is only $1.75 as Gabi K said you do have to pay up front which is OK and to avoid the debit fee remember to bring a check (remember those things...) they take them here hassle free they don't even require your blood type.I personally do NOT care for the way men's shirts are done here (laundry) with or without starch they never come out right...I have yet to find a great place I'm still on the hunt until then it's Hubby and I taking turns with the iron because if I can't find someone to do it right we will do it ourselves...
2	At first I was happy to find a dry cleaning shop that was on my route to/from work and had good prices.  The whole pay in advance thing and only accepting cash or debit card (with a 50 cent charge for debit) was a litte inconvenient, but that was OK.  The first few batches of items I brought in came out great, but then the quality started to go downhill.  I finally gave up on this place when 3 separate batches of items I brought in came back wrinkled, like they were not pressed completely.  Even the simple items like pencil skirts looked like they hadn't been touched at all.  Huh?  A low price is not really a bargain if I have to iron everything again myself once I get home.  Thanks but no thanks!
5	After years of spending hundreds of dollars a week in dry cleaning, I discovered Montecarlo Cleaners about 5 years ago.  I love this place.  I was a little hesitant at the beginning, I couldn't believe they were charging only 1.99 per piece, no matter what piece.  I gave it a try and I was impressed.  In five years I  have only had one incident with a piece being damaged, however the owner himself, Frank, gave me a call and paid for my husband's shirt.  They raised the price to 2.25 a piece now, but it is still an awesome deal compare to other places.  I don't understand why you have to charge almost $10 for a dress to be dry cleaned.  I will gladly recommend this place to anyone.
4	I don't think there's such thing as a dry cleaners that I love.  There are many that are good (or at least adequate) and I will repeatedly give them business.  There are several that I hate and would never use again.  Monte Carlo Cleaners is certainly the former.I've been using this dry cleaner on and off for years.  Originally because I used to work on a TV show that was taped at a now closed restaurant in the Promenade, and now because I currently live just a couple of miles away.  No problems to report.  Monte Carlo has never lost or ruined a garment, and anytime I've showed them a stain, it was cleanly removed.  The price is on par with most dry cleaners in the valley.  It's actually very good when compared to much of the competition in the immediate area.It's a little annoying that they don't take credit cards, but that seems to be a very common trend in the dry cleaning business.
5	My former dry cleaner started to go downhill, so I turned to the trusted Yelp community for some guidance.  I owe Marisa S. for pointing me in the direction of Monte Carlo Cleaners.  Thank you! :-)I brought in about 20 items (let's just say I was very skeptical about trusting a new cleaners, so I had a stockpile of clothes...), both new and old.  At $2.50 an item, it's a little more pricey than my former cleaners, but I'd rather pay 25 cents more for extra care and attention.  Keep in mind, there's a small fee for using a debit card (no credit option); bring cash to avoid this.  The clothes came out beautifully.  My brand new sweaters were not "pilly" in texture, but had renewed vibrancy and softness.  They even managed to remove ball point pen from  my cream-colored silk blouse.  Thank goodness!!!!  As I unwrapped each item I noticed that they used plastic clips instead of metal prongs to affix the skirts to the hanger.  This in itself is another reason why I am eternally grateful that I found Monte Carlo Cleaners.
4	Good dry cleaning at a great price. This place is simple and good. The staff is efficient and gets down to business. They have successfully saved a few of my blouses from my clumsy stains.One tip is to be sure to pay with cash. They accept debit cards too but charge a $.50 processing fee.
1	This DryCleaner is cheap and they do an okay job but be sure to check your pockets. I left my I phone there and when I located it by GPS to be at the cleaners the blonde male store clerk repeatedly denied it being there despite my hearing it ring when I called it.Thanks to the Scottsdale Police dept for following up and finding it thrown in the trash can outside the door of the Cleaners.The Management was not cooperative with me or the Police.
1	I spent 25 minutes reading reviews on Yelp and decided to give this place a try.  Mistake.  I wish I'd tried somewhere else for dry cleaning.I got ready to wear my favorite shirt out and discovered it had all kinds of stains on it (that amazingly weren't there before!).  A friend and I had planned our clothing to match for a special night so it was a scramble to change everything because the shirt was a mess.  It hadn't occurred to me it would return dirtier than I gave it to them, so I hadn't checked it beforehand.If you try here, I highly recommend checking all of your clothes before leaving the store.  More than that, I highly recommend exploring somewhere else.
1	I have been a devoted Monte Carlo customer for 4 years. Recently they lost one of my very expensive dress shirts. It took forever to replace and they kept giving me the runaround on when to pick up the check. Several times I requested the owner to touch base with me. He never did or the message wasn't delivered. He is either to busy or does not care. Very disappointed with how the situation was handled. I understand things can get lost at the cleaners but it's how quickly and attentive you respond that keeps a customer coming back, which I will not be.
5	Fast and affordable. And they do a great job What else do you need in a dry cleaners. Always ready the next day and you pre-pay so its a quick and easy pick up. Love it there I'm very loyal to them
1	1stars...is all they get. I used this dry cleaner about 4yrs ago...my pants weren't cleaned well and they flat pressed them. Last Friday I decided to try them again (times are tough & they're cheap). I asked the guy to plz make sure they creased my slacks...not flat press. Well today I picked my order up and sure enough all 3 pair were flat pressed!!! It ticked me off bcz of course I asked for creased...but besides I wanted to put another pair in for cleaning.  The guys said they were sorry-the kid I put my order in with was suppose to tag my slacks "crease". Well I did put in another pair of slacks today; the new guys said they would tag them crease.I'll see how the slacks come out tomorrow.  After tomorrow I will exclusively use Z cleaners. Z cleaners is very pricey...but they always do a phenomenal job...and you dont have to request your slacks to be creased.Also there is a (I believe) a $0.50 charge for debit/credit...not a big deal...just thought you should know
2	I have used this dry cleaner a couple of times before and was happy with my service but the last time I went I took a skirt and they absolutely ruined it, it was a J Crew skirt and had gold stripes. I specifically asked if they could get it cleaned without ruining it because it wasn't cheap and they assured me that they could. I understand things happen but it has been 2 weeks and I haven't heard a word from the owner that was supposed to call me and refund my money. I would not recommend based upon poor customer service and lack of care.
1	I wont use again.  They damaged a few shirts and on at least one occasion my clothes were not returned on schedule for several days because the vendor they were using switched machines.  I have left the owner a few messages with no response or return calls.  The staff was very helpful but in the end the owner was the only person that could resolve my concerns.
1	We dropped a men's dress shirt off this week for drycleaning.  When we went to pick it up the order was lost. We returned the following day and the shirt was found.  It had been misfiled.  I was given no discount for the inconvenience and the additional trip I had to make to pick it up,  Also, when I got home I noticed the shirt had not been cleaned thoroughly or pressed properly so I took it to another drycleaner.  I would not recommend this cleaner.  I have learned not to go to cleaners that do not do the cleaning in house.
1	The worst cleaners I have ever gone to by a long shot. If there were a way to give it negative stars I would. I'm in AZ often (family) and brought a few shirts there the first time I used them. Came back with wrinkles in them but the guy behind the counter told me it was "normal" (staff have horrible attitudes here). I had to have them re-done somewhere else. Brought a comforter and a suit jacket in two weeks later thinking maybe they just had a bad day the first time. Nope. Both came back looking like they'd barely done anything to them. Stopped going there after that.  But that was nothing compared to how my mother was treated here. They shrunk one of her fancy dresses and she brought it back. They took the dress and told her that the owner would be calling her to resolve the issue. Never called. She went in five times over the next two months and just got the same story over and over. "The owner will call you." Nothing. The owner hides behind his employees and does not deserve your business. They do terrible work and when they damaged her dress not only did they not stand behind their work they took the dress and never returned any phone calls or addressed the problem. If you look at the other Yelp reviews there are numerous people here who had the same experience. Ruined clothes, phone calls that never get returned and a company that does not stand behind their work. Buyer beware....
3	I've used Monte Carlo cleaners a handful of times in the past and it was as expected. You get what you pay for and they do a decent job. I don't take expensive clothes or any time sensitive cleaning there. They are very reasonably priced without coupons and I don't think they over promise regarding their services.
