4	This is my home-base Einstein's..or is it Noah's Bagels?  Same thing really.  I was delighted to learn Phoenix has Noah's sister company, Einstein Bros Bagels, upon moving here.My favorite is the 6 cheese bagel, but I'm branching out more and more and trying other flavors.Minus one star for running out of my beloved 6 cheese from time to time and I sitll have a hard time paying $5 for a bagel, cream cheese (I refuse to use that awful 'S' word they use), and juice.
4	I sometimes pick up bagels for the folks at work, usually on Fridays. This Einstein's location is always fast, efficient and clean. The staff are very friendly and take the time to go the extra mile.
3	We stopped in here yesterday for some bagel action. The guy taking our orders should not have been taking orders. not only did the hubs and I both have to repeat our very simple orders several times, he then told us we couldn't order drinks with him but at the register, which we always place our drink orders with the order taker... He seemed very overwhlemed.Our drinks took forever. They were busy but the cashier is the drink maker as well apparently. We had to wait for a good 10 minutes for her to make our drinks. Meanwhile we see a manager just walking around, jump on drinks dude! When we got home we found our order messed up and none of the bagels were toasted like we had asked :( wah wah. Total bum out.
2	I've been to this store several times - in the past - and have tried the cheese, garlic, plain and combo bagels.  This location is packed in the mornings with regulars:  cops, locals, many of the people from my neightborhood, including a columnist from the Arizona Republic.   I don't like their bagels.  They're small, bland, and too dense.  My favorite bagels are Costco's cheese bagels.  Second runner up are Fry's cheese bagels.
4	Great bagels and pretty well brewed coffee!  The service can be hot or miss sometimes but all in all a good experience.
4	I was just here this morning. I got a dozen with 2 smears. The place was packed and there was a line of about 5 people but it moved fast and I was waited on quickly and efficiently.
2	I'm not going to lie. The service is awful. I come here a lot and I feel that an order is either always screwed up or they are fixing something they screwed up for someone else. It feels like a frat house when I walk in, people cackling, loud objects being dropped, stuff being spilled. (By the way, it is 1:00 pm on a Sunday???) Plus, while I waited to check out, this girl, Cara, sat on the phone talking to a customer like a 13-year-old girl, while the customer complained about getting the wrong order and Cara said the customer will get something free next time. (WHAT????)  If I was an owner I'd clean house. Check out the Ahwatukee location for the best Einsteins. They all have personalities, but aren't obnoxious and wasting the owners money.  Ridiculous.
4	yummm fresh bagels and different cream cheeses. I liked honey almond yumm! I also liked their bagel sandwiches i got this fancy one with asparagus plus their coffee is unlimited refills and do it yourself. Only downfall it has limited hours :( free wifi!
3	So, my appetite has been nill lately due to stress.  I'm eating, but only on an as need basis.  This morning, I woke up hungry, and decided it was time to leave the house to get something to eat, and take the job search out of the apartment to a new location to keep it fresh.Mind you, I've been to Einstein's and this location before. Overall, I find that Einstein's is kind of the McDonald's of bagels. Yes, they have a wide selection of pastries, sandwiches, coffee and plenty of other foods, but I'm not impresed overall with their stuff.  I don't think its awful, but I feel like it's become less home made tasting and more food for the masses.This location itself isn't half bad. It's usually at least half full every time I come here. Sometimes it's clean, and sometimes, well, its not.  This morning the tables were clean, but I noticed a lot of stains in the beverage area, as if it hadn't been cleaned in a few hours. Noticeable rings and stains from cups and spills in that area, which kind of said no one was really paying attention to wiping it down.  Other times I have noticed tables needing to be cleaned, with crumbs and stains from previous diners there. It's not aweful, but sometimes I feel like the staff here isn't in a rush to do anything, especially clean! I'm not saying this place is a dirty hole, but it doesn't always seem in tip top shape!One time I came here last summer and their internet was down. I really needed to get online, and was desperate to connect. I asked the counter girl when their internet was going to be back up and running, and they told me sometime in the next week?Staff is okay, not crude but not out going either. Please gets the job done, and serves its purpose.  I wish they would step up their food and service game and try a little harder!
2	Made my order wrong and I failed to check it before I left. Went back the next day for a replacement and they got that wrong too. Fortunately I had checked before I left!
4	Fast service, clean inside and out, friendly staff, good food. Very comfy tables inside and courtyard with lots of tables. Coffee is FANTASTIC as always!
1	Coffee was 4 hours old and only had enough for half a cup. Waited twenty minutes for someone to actually start replacing it. They have no idea what they're doing.
1	Don't recommend this place at all. We came in and ordered an everything bagel egg sandwich. We had it to go and decided to sit down. The sandwich looked like it was flattened and not really edible. Asked the gentleman to make another. After talking  to the manager he told us they took the bagels out too early so they all look smashed. I asked them to switch it to a garlic bagel, since mine was garlic and it looked good. He had to have another conversation with  the manager. Manager walks over. Definitely not manager material. She says, "we are remaking it." I asked if we could swap it to a garlic bagel like I asked the gentleman and before I could finish she says yes and seriously takes off running. Than they bring my wife's "new" sandwich and the eggs and bacon are cold! Worst customer service I've had at an Einsteins, usually I come here because they are tasty and the service is good. Not here, stay far away. Not worth a penny or second of your time.
3	Wifey was in the mood for salmon & bagel so I went back to see what, if anything, had changed since my last visit in Aug 13. I was pleased to see that the entire staff seemed to be new. I didn't recognize anyone from my prior visits. They were cordial, not overly friendly, but cordial. Order was correct and came out in an acceptable amount of time. It could be cleaner (dirty under soda machine, A/C vents in ceiling were dirty, trash almost over flowing, etc.) Overall, it is improved over my last visit & review. If the wife wants to go back again, I would be ok with it.
4	I was running errands today and decided I was in the mood for a lox bagel with all the trimmings.  I stopped by this location and  snagged one to go, along with an iced coffee.The service was prompt and courteous,   I was impressed tby the ability to pour a cold coffee that didn't instantly melt my ice cubes!  The lady behind the counter even gave me a choice of to-go cups, which was a nice take on service.My bagel was nicely constructed.  Care was taken to layer the cream cheese, capers, and tomatoes.  The lox was really plentiful, and of high quality.  Previous reviewers have given this location low marks for service and cleanliness but I had no issues with either.The location itself is challenged by the ongoing lightrail construction.  The store is dark-ish but ambience is not a key factor in a place that is designed for takeout or quick to-go orders.Ultimately, this places delivers good food at reasonable prices.  Give them some love, especially during this construction period!
2	These guys don't seem to be able to keep staff or standards consistently. When we walked in, the young lady behind the counter just looked at us and didn't say a word. She just continued shuffling bagels from one spot in the display case to another. After a couple of minutes, the only young man there, finished texting on his cell phone and came over to ask what we wanted. The food was not bad, just average for any Einstein location and our order was correct. The restaurant itself was in bad need of cleaning, despite there being only four customers there in addition to us. There were dirty tables, dirty floors and when I went to the restroom, I wanted to puke it was so disgusting. I think we are done here. (See Photos)
1	Without a doubt this is the absolute worst Einstein's I have ever been to!  I get that Saturday mornings are busy but 45 minute wait to get 2 bagels with cream cheese is absurd!  Most of the choices weren't available but my daughter and I were able to get our favs, spinach florentine and chocolate chip.  During our 45 min wait (I'm not exaggerating) we witnessed at least 6 orders get returned because they were wrong.  Several people asking the status ir complaining and the workers were just rude to them and yelled saying they didn't know.  The manager was a complete prick too and didn't care.  The thing that annoyed me is they weren't short staffed, they had at least 6 people working the front (bagels, drinks, register, etc).The absolute worst part was the lack of sanitation.  I watched the manager empty the garbage and lift the dripping bag over the counter where they make bagels then touch food... all without washing his hands!  Plus the girl working the register and making smoothies was touching money and the register and then touching bananas for the smoothies without washing her hands.  Also, they don't wash the blender cups, they just rinse them.  Gross!Will never ever be back to this location.
