5	My wife, in-laws, and I stayed here over 4th of July weekend.  It was our first time in Pittsburgh.  The desk clerks were very friendly and very helpful with their recommendations, they made us feel welcome.  The room was extremely clean and the beds were comfortable.  The continental breakfast was excellent!  They even provided fresh fruit in the lobby, that you can get any time of the day.  They even had free daily newspaper for guests in the lobby as well.  The outdoor pool looked inviting, but we didn't take the opportunity to try it out.  So if we ever go to Pittsburgh again, this place will definitely be our choice.
5	Very clean and updated rooms. The bed was comfortable. The staff was pleasant. I was also impressed by the free breakfast & coffee every morning. I don't have a single complaint about this hotel. Had a great stay!
4	Clean, nice hotel in the Pitt area.  Has happy hour during the middle of the week, which is nice in a state with odd liquor laws which prevent you from buying beer in small amounts.  Staff was friendly, the the beds were comfortable.  Decent outdoor pool and a nice workout room.
3	Perfectly clean and predictable, like a lot of Hampton Inns I've stayed at.We did have a particularly fun night one of the nights I stayed there; someone left a cigarette burning in one of the stairwells, so they evacuated the whole hotel at 3 AM. We all hung out in the lobby for an hour while the firemen came to find the source of the smoke and declare all clear. Although the night manager made us comfortable in the lobby with bottled water, she didn't make any announcements during the hour or help us understand what was going on. I thought it could have been handled better.Pseudo-fires aside, the place is comfortable, has free wi-fi, free breakfast, and lots of parking. Not bad.
4	Great place to stay, comfortable beds, good breakfast, friendly staff. Only stayed 1 night but I definately would come back here.  Not located in an area where you can walk to things but the area seems nice anyways.
3	OK hotel. Weird location, on a dead end street near train tracks. I did not like the breakfast, even though it was the same stuff these places usually serve. I think the cheap plates and plastic utensils, unfit for cutting waffles, just aggravated me. The coffee was luke warm. As for the room, it was fine. It was an adequate hotel.
5	This hotel was clean, comfortable, and outstandingly nice.  We booked a block of rooms for our wedding party and the hotel staff was so accommodating.  They let us use the shuttle for transportation to our reception in the West End, which I think was a total of four trips.  There were absolutely no problems with any of the rooms that I heard of and everyone slept very well.
5	The location for Pittsburgh is excellent, away from the mad rush and chaos. The room was very clean and modern. The pet friendly policy is appreciated and the free breakfast was good.  The pool was warm and my husband and I really enjoyed our stay and relaxed for a change.
1	Attempted to stay at hotel in October. The raised the rate on me just before I arrived. General manager has no idea what customer service is. Will never stay there again. Rude staff do not recommend to anyone going to Pittsburg. Would of given negative stars but was not able to.
5	They always go above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable as gold members. Recommend for weddings and trips around the Pittsburgh area.  Rooms are quiet and the shuttle is great.
5	I stayed here specifically because I found out they were a dog friendly hotel on bringfido.com... Me and my doggie stayed there two nights (7/2, 7/3) , the girl at the desk when we checked in was so nice and accommodating and gave my doggie a treat. They also gave me the closest room to a door on the lowest floor just so taking him out would be easier. And there is plenty of outside room and grass to walk dogs around on. There were other people with dogs around the hotel too so I didn't feel weird. The room was very nice and the bed was huge, had a big nice bathroom too. Overall it made my trip with my dog as easy and worry-free as possible. Would def stay there again. :)
5	A little hard to find, but once you do it'seasy.  I wanted a hotel with free parkingfree breakfast. free wi fi and an outside poolthat was hard to find in this area, but I didthrough hotels.comThis hotel was just fine, no problems at allI travel a lot and never had a free breakfastlike this one, I was so impressed !!!'The hotel is in a quiet area, room is very roomy, bathroom very nice Would stay here againHad pizza delivered from Vincent'sno delivery mim. Only 1.75 fee great pizza but forget plastic wear for my salad
3	Very nice room and overall, a good experience.  just a few cons: TV had problems working, but desk person was able to fix it.  Also, people were smoking just outside the front door and directly beneath a sign that said no smoking within x Number of feet--makes for a very upsetting arrival.  Also, this shows very poor management on the part of the hotel.  Most importantly, this hotel is not easy to find, actually rather difficult to find and dangerous, just off a sharp curve.   So, be very careful.  If not for the smoking issue, I would have given four stars.
