5	Iglu gave me chills -- because everything was so amazing! My friend did well to introduce me to some of Edinburgh's finest cuisine by taking me to Iglu for dinner the first night of my visit. The kitchen is serving up truly great food for a reasonable price, all with an eye toward animal welfare. Vegetarian haggis spring rolls are a must. The smoked trout pate appetizer was also delicious, and a large portion that we couldn't stop picking at until it was gone! The boar burger is also a highlight -- my friend who eats there often had to be convinced to order something else because she likes it so much, she orders it every time she goes. My hake was excellently prepared and the roasted potatoes were perfectly crisp and flavorful. The beer list at Iglu is also great fun. I tried the Black Isle Wheat Beer -- something I've never had before -- and it hit the spot. The perfect combination of sweetness and hops, it was light but not boring, and I ended up with a second bottle! Keeping with their 'sustainable food' theme, they have a good selection of organic beers, ciders and wines. Service was impeccable -- we never waited too long for anything, we weren't rushed into our entrees, even though we lingered over that pate for quite some time. When it came time for us to rush out of there to make our nighttime ghost tour, our waitress was speedy and prompt. We couldn't have been happier. Definitely make Iglu part of your next eating out in Edinburgh experience.
3	Iglu sits tucked away on a side street in the new town. Set over two levels, the bar/restaurant is committed to serving local, seasonal and organic food to its customers. On entering the bar on the ground floor, I was struck by how small it was: there are only seven wee tables (I could easily eavesdrop on the other three occupied tables...). The exposed stone walls and stripped wooden floors and tables give the place a rustic and homely feel, whist the leather seats and contemporary art on the walls ensure that the clientele know that they are in a modern, urban bar.  Whilst the bar area was nice enough, they only do two whites/reds by the glass and a 'large' glass contains only 175ml. I enjoyed my shiraz, but I would've enjoyed a properly sized large glass even more. Also, in spite of saying to the barman that I was planning on eating later on, I wasn't offered a menu to look at so I decided to cut my losses and go for dinner somewhere else. I'm pretty sure this place can do better than this and I hope they sort it out soon.
4	Iglu is a dinky bar, situated slightly deeper inside the New Town than a lot of other drinking establishments, and so because of this is never really packed with a big perspiration fest of people, which unfortunately some of the more central bars can descend into of a weekend.Iglu may be miniature in size, but the banterful qualities of its interior ambience make up for what it lacks in spaciousness. There is a great range of varieties on the bar's wine list, plus some tasty organic cider, and I'm always a happy bar attendee if decent cider is on the cards. It's very cosy and relaxed in here too, and it's always a sign of a decent bar when you feel you can sit for most of the evening having drinks and chatting away, and not feel the inclination to move on. There are board games to be played, which is unarguably amazing, for what could be better than a nice glass of wine plus some competitive, but friendly (sometimes) board game glee? The food here is also consistently yummy, so this bar comes well recommended for an evening meal plus after dinner beverages.
4	Great for vegetarians, meat lovers, coeliacs, people with dietry issues and anyone who wants to encourage the sustainable sourcing and creation of food.The chef (self-trained) and restaurant manager are both gluten intolerant, so they are very good at accomodating for people's dietry requirements. They do excellent game dishes, and a wonderful wild mushroom dish - and I've heard that they are aiming to have a 50% split between vegetarian and meat dishes on the menu over the next year so will add to the vegetarian offering of the city very nicely.The upstairs restaurant is cute and cosy (but can seat around 60), and their menu changes twice a season to accomodate local produce changes. A nice bunch of people and a welcoming spot, part of the Slow Food Movement and very careful about sourcing their ingredients (including drinks). Very reasonably priced lunch menu if you want to try it but have a low budget.p.s. Would definitely give 4 and a half stars if that was possible! And look forward to going back and experiencing more.
5	Iglu provided one of the most memorable experiences on our trip from Scotland! We visited here for a whisky tasting and dinner, and it was one of the best we had on our trip. The manager of the bar came and sat with us, and walked us through the whiskies we were tasting. She was very knowledgeable, and very patiently answered all of our questions. There were 5 drams in all, and I enjoyed the experience.The food was fabulous. We had 3 courses of local, sustainable ingredients. Everything was delicious. The atmosphere is cosy and quaint. We went on a quiet Sunday night, so we were seated downstairs next to the bar. I really enjoyed listening to the banter of the locals. All in all, I firmly believe that Iglu can't be missed!
3	I bought an itison voucher so I could take my friend out for her birthday. It was described as "Michelin recommended" which sold me as it wasn't the cheapest voucher either. I'd been before a long time ago and from what I could remember the place, albeit small, was rather lovely with homemade bread. Well. None of this was offer on Easter Sunday.  In fact the top restaurant was closed for some kind of clothes swap (not mentioned when I booked!!) so the only place to eat was downstairs in their extremely cold bar area beside a huge coffee machine smothered in dust underneath. Not what I like looking at when eating! The menu was small which is fine with me as long as its fresh. I had pigeon to start which was so tiny and very overlooked that I bitterly regretted not choosing the soupi swithered over. That also might have warmed me up!! My friend's blue cheese salad didn't have blue cheese on it but some kind of cheddar. Now, she likes cheddar but come on! Tell us BEFORE you serve the food that something has changed from that described on the menu. My beef stew with roast potatoes and pan fried pak choi was rather tasty luckily. There was just so much of it. Very heavy. The beef was slow cooked so it shredded away which I like. Quite yummy. My friend's chickpea curry also went down well. Just what you need when you are freezing your ass off. Neither dish were Michelin quality though, more just "home cooking". It did provide a good stomach lining for the copious amounts of Stockbridge's finest cocktails later though! :) I feel really bad. That's 3 vouchers I've used with this particular friend recently and they've all been disappointing. Maybe the concept of impressing someone so much they'll come back is lost on these places!
2	Was on a itison voucher and felt like I was treated as though I was on a voucher and not like a customer:Some what neglected...Not great value for money...Great atmosphere though...
3	I had been really excited to try this 'Michelin-recommended' restaurant. My friend used to live right nearby in the Jamaica Mews, and when we had passed by Iglu in the wintertime it looked like a wonderful, warm haven of good food and good ambiance with a candle-lit dining room. Therefore, when I saw the Itison deal that was on this Spring, I jumped on it and even bought two of them!We made reservations for a late dinner on a Friday night and, after checking out the menu beforehand, I was really excited about having a lovely-sounding lamb dish. When we arrived, we weren't given a nicer table nearer the window but were given another table near the door that was a bit cramped but ok. It wasn't the end of the world though. When we first were asked what we wanted to drink, we both asked for water while we decided what we wanted. A jug of water was hurriedly dropped off at our table a little bit later, but no glasses! It was really hard to get the attention of the staff who were running about the place (almost literally) to see about getting the glasses since they just weren't appearing!When we did finally get the glasses and someone came to ask for our order, I ordered the lamb I wanted and the house wine, and Mason ordered the Mexican chicken mole and a beer. I have to say that my wine was absolutely fabulous (and I say this without having drunk too much of it either!) and my lamb was quite good but not the best I had ever had. On the other hand, Mason's chicken mole tasted fine but it was definitely not a traditional Mexican mole in flavour or consistency, so that was disappointing. The staff really didn't seem to care much about serving us, and we thought that was probably because we were on a deal. That bothered us. Although the food was pretty good, I was generally disappointed that it wasn't better considering that it was a Michelin recommended restaurant, and I was really disappointed that the staff weren't more genuine and friendly and didn't have a sense of good customer service. The ambiance of the place is nice, though, and we'll see if the service improves on our next visit to use the second voucher.
4	We went back again to Iglu tonight to give it a second try, and the experience and food were both highly improved! The staff were actually very friendly this time and they were attentive (they were neither last time, though). I had the lamb with potatoes and salad this time and Mason had the chicken with potatoes. Both dishes were superb and really delicious. There was a bit of a wait for them, though, and we were glad we had ordered the potatoes in Scottish cheese with a little salad and home-made pesto to start. The food was really delicious although the mains were not actually that hot after they arrived and were only luke-warm. However, I was so impressed with the improved quality and quantity of the dishes as well as the friendliness of the staff that I have upped my review to four stars. My only other comment to add is that I thought the menu could have been improved. Although I don't mind having only four or five starters and six or so mains to choose from, I think that the menu was only slightly altered since the last time we came here a month ago. I was only really interested in one or two of the dishes last time and again this time, so I went for the lamb for a second time. It was served with lentils last time and now with potatoes, but generally it was a very similar dish and the chicken, fish and burger options on the menu were all generally very similar to last month's slim choice of offerings. I hope a few more changes are made before I come again so I will be inspired to try sometime else next time.
4	We walk by Iglu so often, it was nice to finally go in and give it a try. Cozy, appealing interior with a small bar area and a handful of tables. Short menu of creative, interesting dishes emphasizing local and seasonal food. Service was friendly and prompt. Nice selection of wines by the glass. Of the two mains I sampled, one was good (a giant marrow stuffed with lentils) and one fell a bit short (spinach haggis parcel's contents were too gummy for my taste). The profiteroles were lovely. Free well-functioning wifi. Will definitely be back.
4	2b Jamaica Street (down from Frederick Street), EH3 6HH. Never got to eat here, however sustainable menu and good reviews makes it foodie worthy.Emily Rose Reeder
