5	Had a meeting downtown and swung in, in a pinch, hoping to get trimmed up in a hurry. Was greeted at the door by Stanly with a firm handshake and smile. The sent of talc and aftershave immediately reminded me of the barbershop experience I enjoyed as a child with my dad. Chair was open so we got right to it. Stan knew exactly what I was looking for before I finished telling him and went to town. Fast forward 20 min and I was lookin my best again. Great conversation, sharp haircut, awesome personality all at a bargain of 15 bucks. Will deffanetly return!
5	I'm glad and relieved to meet a barber who takes results seriously! Stanley is obviously very concerned about detail and providing the cut you want. He also adds in all the great touches, all the way down to the hot towel over the head with a quick shoulder massage at the end. His conversation and friendliness are a welcome addition to the great service. My new barber!
5	Being new to town picking a new Barber Shop was a big deal. I was referred to Biltmore Barber Shop by a friend and I've been coming here for months. Friendly service and great prices!
5	Stanley has been cutting my hair for many years and I have followed him with each of his moves. I'm happy that he finely owns his own shop. Most shops today rush you thru so they can get to the next customers hair cut. Not Stanley, each cut is done to perfection. In the hundreds of haircuts I have received from him over the years I have never found any stray hairs or unevenness. He is a true professional!
5	Recently moved to the Phoenix area and heard about these guys. After my first haircut I was sold and keep coming back for more. Always professional and you can tell Stanley treats every cut as if it were him cutting his own, truly has his heart and soul into the profession. The shave and hot towel with the massage are just the cherry on top of an already great experience. Always walk into a warm smile and the confidence knowing you're going to walk out looking your best.
5	This place is amazing.  I go here every three weeks and get what seems to be a better haircut every single time.  Stanley is a master and a professional and I love getting my haircut by him.They have all the amenities with a hot shave available and hot towel and massage after every cut.  This place is phenomenal and so affordable too!
5	Great service.  Can't recommend more highly the face shave.  Why I haven't gotten one until now I can't fathom.  If you're looking for what a barber can do that a salon / stylist cannot, definitely go here.  I'll return.
5	I absolutely appreciate this place. It has taken me over a year to found a Barber that will cut my hair to my liking. Stanley and staff are great barbers. I know i can count on them to have an excellent cut. Highly recommend this place.
5	Stanley at Biltmore Barber is a true master of his profession. Today, I went in to get a haircut with the coupon that I printed from their site and I had my son with me. I had just taken my son to Great Clips, moments prior, where he had a terrible experience (see review posted earlier). Anyhow, from the second I walked in, I was greeted by Stanley, asked to sit in his chair where the Travel Channel was playing and he asked if I wanted a water. He then proceeded to serve my son and I.  Then he asked what I wanted for a haircut...I showed him...and he got to work. I was so impressed with his work and extreme attention to detail, not worried about time and his friendly approach; I was already convinced that this would be the place for all mine and my sons barber needs. Then, to my surprise, he lathered the back of my neck with warm foam, proceeded to hand razor my neck, put a warm towel on my face and hand massages my shoulders. Wow!  I have never had such a royal treatment as such from any other barber, stylist, etc.  Once he was done with me, I stepped up to pay and he asked if he could do my sons...after I had explained what had just occurred. Stanley fixed with precision, that which Great Clips butchered. After my son and I were done and I expected to pay a grip for such awesome treatment...I handed the coupon to him and I asked what the total was. He said $10. What?!  He did so much more, worked on my son and in the end, honored the coupon without adding more. In my mind, Stanley and the establishment he represents, is beyond words. This is the place if you want the best...the best treatment, the best service, at the best price. I could go on. I hope this helps others recognize EXCELLENCE where EXCELLENCE is found.
5	My husband stopped by last night to get his hair cut by Stanley. Not only do we both love the cut, but he also loved Stanley. He's never met a nicer barber and said that the atmosphere was nice as well. Thanks, Stanley!
5	I don't usually take the time to write reviews but, this barber shop is so good I simply had to. Stanley has the most professional, clean and well run barber shop in Phoenix.I lived in Manhattan and paid $100+ for this level of service. Great cuts and a Spa like treatment make it a relaxing experience rather than a haircut. Bravo Biltmore Barber Shop.
5	Just moved here from FL and absolutely love my "neighborhood" barber. I went for a fantastic haircut but they are full service and I plan on getting a shave soon. Super friendly; I simply can't say enough about Stanley and his aunt. Cut came complete with a massage at the end which reminded me of my days in the military. Highly recommend this family-owned barber shop. Used the $5 Yelp discount.
