4	JoJo's Jerky was one of the vendors I tried at the Yelp NPO event, and I was prepared to whip out my wallet and buy some of their tasty jerkies on the spot. They were not selling any jerky at the event, but the friendly guy working their booth gave me a coupon to use at a later date. I made a trip to the Downtown Container Park specifically to pick up some jerky for my honey, and I am very happy that I did. There was a sweet young lady assisting others when I arrived, but she still took a second to great me warmly and she offered me some samples as soon as the other customers had paid and left. After asking tons of questions about what the difference between each type of jerky was, and inquiring which was the hottest, I decided to take advantage of the 3 for $20 deal (bags of jerky are $8 on their own) and purchased some of the Hell on Earth, Triple Threat and regular peppered jerky. I also purchased a can of the Triple Threat dry rub and some seasoned peanuts. The one thing I would like to see at JoJo's are jerkies made with other meats, only beef and turkey are available. Despite this, JoJo's is still my #1 choice in Vegas for jerky. Support a local business and give them a shot next time you are downtown!
5	Made a trip to Container Park to check it out since it was new and we were visiting for the weekend. We love jerky to begin with, but when we saw this place we had to try it. There was a sign out front that advertised "free samples".. even more reason to go in! I tried a few different ones, but my two favorites are Peppered and Triple Threat. We went here 3 out of the 4 days we were in town to get jerky! DANG! You can get 3 bags for $21. I'm not sure how much they were for just a single bag, I think it was $8. Most of the jerky came in pieces or strips. They also have seasoned nuts and spices for sale as well. The two people that helped us during the 3 days were very helpful, friendly, and welcoming.I think the peppered jerky has become my new favorite. It's not dry, it's tender, and has a great flavor. Jojo's Peppered Beef Jerky makes me feel like a selfish person. I want to keep the bag for myself.. I don't want to share! That's so unlike me too!We'll be back in town next month. See you soon JoJo's Jerky!
5	When they label a product "triple threat"...be sure to have something to drink close by!!!  I love the triple threat peanuts...so darn hot...but you just can't stop eating them.
5	Visited 1/9/13part of the "passport to downtown" I got to try a small bag of barbecue peanuts. Now, I'm not a huge fan of bbq flavor anything, but I gotta say this surprised me in that the peanuts were great! Wonderful flavor & the peanuts were cooked well. I have to say the customer service was very nice as well because the guy knew his stuff.will visit again soon!
4	Lots of free samples.  Very friendly customer service.  Many flavors.  I bought 3 bags and peanuts as well. Best jerky I have had in a while. Priced appropriately. Will be going back for sure.  Located downtown container park.
4	I'm glad I stopped here during a visit to the Container Park. While the jerky is a little pricey at $8 a bag or 3 for $21, it's worth the price and they offer free samples so you can see which flavors are your favorites before you buy. The spicy carne asada jerky is even better than it sounds as it's spicy and has lots of flavor.
5	First time at JoJos Jerkey and it's a great little neat shop for Jerkey , nuts , sauces and rubs. Come on by and support this locally owned new business . Buy buy buy Support Support Support !!!!!! And their jerky is AUHMAZBALLS!!!!!!
4	Nice local shop which produces their own stuff. No additives or preservatives. Seen them around at various events like Yelp! Helps, farmer's markets, etc. until finally they got their own B&M store in the new Downtown Container Park. My two favorite flavors is the triple threat (2nd spiciest) and the hell on earth (top spiciest with ghost peppers). Tender cuts of meat with their own "secret" rub and spices. They also have peanuts with these seasonings as well (not sure if they have a hell on earth but triple threat is a favorite among an out-of-town friend). Nice deal they have. 3 for $21 i believe ($7 ea, normally more if bought separately) but the only exception is the Hell on Earth which is $1 extra, due to the extra ghost pepper ingredient.
4	My Wife has sworn off red meat. So, like Samuel Jackson's character in Pulp Fictions states, pretty much makes me a vegetarian too .... at home at least.So when the smells lofting from the front door of the place invaded my senses, I had to come in.The nice girl behind the counter let my friends and I try pretty much any flavor we wanted. She alerted us to their new Curry flavor which I purchased right away.Great jerky, my buddy B-rad and I devoured the whole bag in minutes.
4	This place was kewl. The guy that was working when we were there was really nice and helpful to all of our questions.. He gave us lots of samples. They had a special at the time of three of any of their products for $21 dollars. Of course i bought it. The garlic and barbecue peanuts were really yummie. I also bought some barbecue rub but haven't tried it yet :)
5	JoJo's Jerky is fantastic. All of the jerky (including the "hell on earth") is packed full of flavor and tender with each bite. The owner (who's name is not JoJo... I believe that was his nephew?) is very friendly and gave us samples of everything, except for the hell on earth for whatever reasons he had for not offering that one. If you like spicy then you'll definitely like Hell on Earth which uses the ghost chili. The jerky itself is very tender and has a good kick to it, but definitely not unbearable to the point you can't really eat it.  Other than that, my favorite was the Thai jerky which has a nice sweetness followed by some heat. I definitely need to make another stop here during my next Vegas trip. Better yet, I believe he ships his jerky for a flat rate.
5	Container Park sets the bar for hipsterism in Las Vegas. JoJo's makes all of their jerky right in Las Vegas (although not at the store) and has a huge variety.You've no doubt heard of wine tastings and even beer tastings but have you ever done a jerky tasting? If you're expecting artificial flavors and unknown chemicals, you've never experienced jerky done properly.Wander around Fremont and downtown and then come over to Container Park for an afternoon snack. It will be worth your while.
3	Stopped in today for a protein fix.  For variety, they seem to have quite a bit of Jerky flavors although the vast majority head in the spicy direction and they only have beef and turkey (unless I missed something).  They will let you try samples and I have to say the meat was very tender.  The carne asada was a little on the dry side but the other meats were soft.  I was not that impressed with the spice. The triple threat had a little kick at the end but I expected a burn the tongue flavor.  Still, it was hot enough to burn my eye when I rubbed it.  To sum up, give it more spice, less brown sugar and take a buck off the price, When you buy 3, you still pay $7.00 for each 3.5 oz bag.
4	Staying in a Downtown casino, it's a quick walk down Fremont to get to the Container Park and Jojo's Jerky.  I'm not into super-hot jerky so I stick with milder varieties and the regular cactus jerky.  Speaking of cactus jerky, the other two beef jerky stores in Downtown have nothing comparable.  Be sure to give your email address for the receipt and to get on their email list for discount offers that are sent out now and then.
5	Hipster jerky!for those of you who think alien jerky is overrated,  try this place out. For 8 for one or 3 for 21. Here were some that I tried Triple threat- my favorite, nice kickSpicy carne asada, carloca- tastes just like a tacoSweet heat- thai chili- tangy and savoryWasabi horse radish- can't taste the Wasabi,  tastes more like rosemary and thymeCaribbean jerk- sweet. Not my thing.Overall,  great jerky.  Grass fed and sirloin. Way better than alien. Also, great service,  with ample free samples. :)
5	First visited jojo's during my honeymoon in February. Have ordered online shipping to Ohio three more times since then! We love this jerky! This last time there was difficulty with the mailing but the owners kept me informed the entire time. Fantastic, responsive customer service. Thank you!
4	Local area ingredients combined with the creativity of the folks at JoJo's makes for a great stop at Container Park! Turkey, Beef, and Cactus Jerky is amazing here and makes it really easy to get your protein fix! They have seasoned, spicy, and sweet rubs for their jerky and their peanuts! They serve the rubs as well if you're brave enough to tackle some at home grilling! The service is awesome, and it reasonably priced!Definitely suggest more sugar free options!!
5	Really tasty jerky store with friendly and helpful staff!  The guy helped us out and gave us several samples before we decided on the MANGO HABANERO jerky!  Sweet and spicy for sure, but that bag didn't last more that 5 minutes between myself and 2 friends! So good we wanted more! Fairly priced, especially for the quality and flavor you're getting. I really hope they get more flavor selections in the future, and I want to taste all of them!
5	Professional, fun and friendly service. One of the largest assortments of jerky I have ever seen, so many flavors. This is a must stop when you are visiting Las Vegas! The Jerky is simply awesome and you are supporting the local economy at the same time! A win/win!
