5	Firehouse Subs is a great place to eat a tasty sandwich.  The subs are hot, but much better than Quizno's.  This location is very friendly and there is just an abundance of hot sauces.  Maybe 50+, could be more.  You could get the same sub and have a different meal each time.  I enjoy their cherry limeade, which is basically a cherry drink where you squeeze your own limes to add the tang.  It gets pretty busy during lunch time, and they crammed a lot of tables into a small space, but usually people move in and out so seating isn't an issue.
2	I said NO MAYO, and I got TONS of mayo in my sandwich. It took forever to get the 6 sandwiches I ordered, but next time I know you can place orders in advance.I prefer Lenny's. My sandwich was soggy.
4	Best subs in NC!Love the abundance of hot sauce. I thought I could hang with something that had a 9 on it given my predilection to make everything spicy as hell. I was wrong, it was too much and I couldn't hang.The philly steak was awesome and reminded me of my time in Philly minus the fact that the bread was a little softer and the place definitely cleaner.I bought into their Cherry Lime-Aid thing and it was meh.  Tasted like Cherry Kool-Aid so I don't think it's worth it for them to hype it up.  That is all.dmo out.
4	Great subs all around - but I particularly like the meatball sub.  The hot sauce collection is brilliant and the Coke freestyle soda machine is a hit for anyone.Wife loves the veggie sammich (it's all she gets being a vegetarian an all that). :)
5	We've been enjoying Fire House for years.   Definitely try their own Datil Pepper sauce.
4	As far as subs go this place is hands down a winner over the 5$ FT LNG place! Sandwiches are great.
5	It's a good thing no one else makes subs as good as firehouse or else I would have a hard time choosing a place. Firehouse subs
4	Great sandwich shop! Quick service and the bread is fresh.  Plenty of local hot sauces to choose from. Wish we had a Firehouse  where I'm from.
4	I love the gator sauce here. I take a bottle home with me every time I visit. The philly cheese steak is always a good choice.
