2	Ate from here last night, woke up in all kinds of pain, it sucked!
1	Awful! This location closes at 1am, or so thy say. Showed up at 12:50 tonight and waited, said hello a few times, two cars in parking lot and no response. Guess they close at 12:50 and not 1 as advertised. Have some respect for your job, because there are plenty of people that WOULD appreciate it!
2	Came here for pizza hut pizza. This taco bell doesn't not sell pizza. Some-how due to not being able to use the bathroom, I decide to order some fast food. I order the nachos grande or whatever you call it. Boy I haven't being here in years and I guessed it showed. These nachos only had cheese, sour cream, chicken, and beans. So I had to add extra toppings. Yelp 20 mins later- taco bell did it's job-I am now sitting on the toilet  writing this review and boy I am happy that I am to use the restroom.
1	Straight ghetto filthy place this person was sitting at a table with no food and dirty cleats an socks on the table! As I was ordering the person preparing the food was picking at it and eating the food while she worked gross!! I know it happens but come on then she proceeded to keep working and for every three she packaged !  I let the "Shift Leader" know -nothing changed! Filthy place with low standards go somewhere else yelpers!
4	Had the new Doritos taco supreme. Mmmm it was good a bit much on the sour cream but good. The place seems clean, I even saw 2 groups of people dining in. The people that make the food were average young people i didnt see anything dirty, but its not like i stuck my head in stared as they prepared my food...I must have a strong stomach since its been 3 hrs and I'm ok.. Maybe people are just over critical? Or it just seems like the type of people to always have a grudge against fastfoods somehow ends up rating it... Pretty much disgusted before even walking in... Its taco bell what did u expect? If you are the type of person that gets sick from eating at here in the first place no matter where u go, or have a bad attitude to begin with please dont drag the rest down with you. Anyways hopes this helps.- just cuz im lactose tolerant... Should i rate the milk bad?
4	Bring back Tropicana Fruit Punch.
3	Came here a few days ago because we were starving and wanted tacos. The person behind the counter was cheerful (for a change)!  I started with a Cheesy Gordita Crunch no hard shell only flour tortilla, and my boyfriend's Mom ordered a hard shelled taco & we both had Cherry Kick Starters for drinks being that it was Happy hour!This location is hardly ever clean when we walk in because the teens from the high school tend to come here for the free wifi & a bite to eat. The bathroom is LOCKED if you have to go make sure you ask someone to open it FOR YOU. : | I hate that about this location.   The one on Warm Springs is right by the Sierra Vista High & it's super clean.  Not to mention they don't lock the bathrooms on you.Well all in all it was a decent improvement from the last time we came in and were treated poorly.  I have to say this is an A-OK rating because it wasn't spectacular service.  The food was HOT & FRESH. I hated the Mountain Dew Cherry Kick start, made me sick to my stomach a third of the way into it, I threw it away after getting nausea.  I will just grab a Fountain drink next time. : )  You live you learn.
1	LIARS!!!! Sign said open til 1 am and it was 12:50 and they were still there! My taco bell satisfaction was ripped from me. I thought this was America, taking away my Taco Bell privileges and sh*t. Good thing jack in the box is always here for us and they are nice!!!!!!
2	Had some trouble with the order radio so we went in to order. We got food to feed a family of 5 so, with  no one else in line or in the store, we went through it with the cashier, took our time and paid. The floor in front and back was in need of a sweep an mop. There were a couple trainees on the food line so it took some time. No biggie. Left and Had to come back because we were missing 5 items. Polite trainees but really unpleasant manager. Finally left with a refund for one drink and the missing tacos and burrito. Corporate needs to drop in on this bunch more frequently, especially the evening crew. Clean it up a bit and get a manager who is comfortable leading a team.
2	Taco bells are basically all of the same but avoid around the time high school / middle school let's out because it's full of very irritating teens- not even eating ! I'm addition to playing catch in the parking lot- ball missed my car but the teens thought it was okay to hang out sitting on mine & other peoples trunks!
1	Horribly slowStaff repeats themselves and is slower than molasses in the winter. Order wrong again...Taco salad bowl was stale not fresh
1	I am so tired of this Taco Bell! we would usually come here because it's less than a block from our house, but I've had it with them. any morning my boyfriend or I try to get breakfast, no matter what time, they are seemingly always out of waffle tacos. that would be fine IF they told us while we were ordering and not after we order and are already paying for our order at the window! and they can never make more because it "takes hours to make them"... really? you expect us to believe your fast food waffles take hours to make? my ass! this story and run out of supplies happens 8/10 times. now let's get to day time taco cravings. why is it so hard to get the order right even after you repeat it back? something we order is always replaced with something we didn't order or is just missing overall. for example, last nights order... how do you confuse carmel apple empanada with taco?! seriously?! granted two of their employees are super nice and get the order right when they work, but everyone else sucks there! if you're unsure of what we said in our order, just ask! I'd rather you get it right by asking instead of guessing and fucking it up. we will be driving to the Taco Bell on jones from now on!
4	Let me just say, I haven't been to a Taco Bell in over a year. After reading these reviews, I almost didn't come here. But, it's the closest one to where we live, so I decided to just go for it.My boyfriend and I just left this location and weren't disappointed at all. We ordered just over $50 worth of food - that's a lot of tacos and our order was complete with no issues at all.The cashier, Tyler, was helpful. Mind you, I hadn't been to a Taco Bell in a while. Although, not much has changed, there was a few new items. He explained a few of them, which was nice. (Not that there's much difference in the items.)I'd probably come here again for my yearly Taco Bell meal.
