1	Avoid this bank if at all possible. Have visited it twice. The first time they put my deposit into someone else's account and it took over two weeks to get corrected. The next time, I visited to talk to a banker and waited over 30 minutes before walking out.
2	I guess this is a new branch- I've lived out of state for a while. The branch itself is conveniently located, parking easy, nice inside. I came here a little after 12p on a Wednesday- there were only 2 windows open, both helping customers. The tellers seemed to both have a really happy friendly attitude. When I got there I was the only other customer. Along w/the 2 tellers, there were at least 3 other employees (manager, etc) just roaming around.. All very smiley & enthusiastic looking. Problem is- even though I was the NEXT customer in line, I still waited 20-25 min- & none of the smiley people roaming around acknowledged this, offered to help, etc. At the branches I frequent when people are waiting too long, the mgr jumps in & opens a window... or invites you over to a desk to be helped (not to mention they also greet you at the door or shortly after you've entered, offer you a water, otherwise attempt to acknowledge & be helpful). All I had was a simple check to deposit into someone's acct. By the time I was seen there were 8 people in line & still just the same 2 very nice but very slow tellers. It's one thing to be super busy & slammed during rush hour. It's another to be completely dead yet oblivious to your customers- smiley or not. I avoided a nearby branch inside a grocery store (Fry's on 7th ave & Camelback) & chose this one.. Thinking a stand-alone branch would be better. I was wrong. The next day when I had to go back to the bank I went to the Fry's location- where I received prompt friendly service & was in & out in 2 min.I'm going to be moving back to Phx part-time, & I definitely have no need for this branch w/ its sub-par ability to acknowledge & help its customers. I realize you may not have been open long, but you need to run a tighter ship.
