1	One certainly doesn't eat here because the food is good. With the exception of the crazy bread (which is awesome), the food is terrible. I pick up and take out Little Caesars because it's cheap. The hot-n-ready carry out is just $5. A large cheese or pepperoni for just $5. That's two days worth of food for me. How can I go wrong? Well this place manages to screw it up. I happen to be one of the few people in America who doesn't practically care for pepperoni. About half the time I stop in, there isn't a cheese pizza ready. I don't want to argue semantics, but doesn't hot-n-ready mean they have one that is hot and ready to be taken out? Usually when this happens, it's just a short wait, but today they didn't even have one in the oven. It was 1:00. Lunch time. The place wasn't busy. How can you not have at least one in the oven? I disappointingly took a pepperoni and asked for the cheesy jalapeno dipping sauce. The guy charged me and told me to have a good day. No sauce. I asked about it and he points out that he didn't charge me for it. To be honest, I noticed that the charge seemed low, but not in the mood to hand the guy my credit card for 50 cents that he forgot to charge me, I just grabbed my pizza and walked out. I know I could have just had him swipe my card again or even try to argue and get it for free, but I just couldn't deal with this guy anymore. Try to help your customer, not disappoint him twice in less than 5 minutes.
2	I've come back to Little Caesars Pizza a few times since my last review. I'm not ashamed to admit that I slum it once in a while. The pizza is still way below average, but the $5 dollar price tag draws me in. During each visit, they actually had a cheese ready, and the guy at the counter actually appeared to know what he was doing.I really don't recommend this place unless you're looking to get some pizza, but want to save some cash.
1	Okay, the Hot and Ready deal is a joke.  They never have the $5 pizzas ready, and there is always a wait.  To top it off, the last three times I have been there, the clueless counter person has given away our pizza and bread to someone else, making our supposed 10 minute wait closer to 20-25 minutes.  While you can't beat the cheap price, the service is seriously lacking.
2	NEVER has hot and ready pizza. Tastes decent once it is ready though.
2	Everytime we come here there is about a 20 minute wait for a cheese hot-n-ready pizza. Sad thing is, we get it home, less than 5 minutes later, and it is cold. People that work there do not seem to want to work there and act accordingly. I know you can't complain too much for five bucks, but the pizzas have never been hot-n-ready....period.
4	The place appears to have changed mananagement many times. I have gotten mostly the Peperonipossibly 30 times. Other or additional choices 10 times. I have to wonder about the snob factor.I am normally in and out very quickly. I speak of all times including close to closing time. Always courteous and  a fair number of employees exhibitconsiderable pride. Every pizza or other item has been good. With the very low cost and considering the amount of work it is a surprising value ever since this location opened. It is identical to other locations.
5	The staff was very courteous and professional! Love to see businesses still value that. Everything I wanted was "hot n' ready" so it was a quick and easy in and out. The location was clean, and of side note it is located more off of Hayden than Thomas.
