3	MVP is a large sports bar, if the name didn't tip you off to that fact.  Pretty standard bar/pub food at a decent price.  They also do drink specials on game nights, which are always nice to take advantage of.  Plenty of TVs, lots of space, decent service.  All the makings of a decent place to grab a brew and catch a game.  It's located on Crescent however, which means it will definitely fill up on weekends... but that should go without saying.
3	Walking on Cresent street in Montreal, this was the only place that had vacant seating outside.  It was a gorgeous spring day and a couple of us just wanted to chill with some cold brews on a lively street.Im rating this place 3 stars based on the experience and not the food or restaurant quality.  Beer was a little warm (like every place we went to in Montreal) and we were served midget wings.  Prices were above average, but I can understand with their location.  Overall, our server was gorgeous and very nice to us which made this place enjoyable.  The owner needs to give her a huge raise.
3	I had Coors Light here and nothing off the menu.  First off I did not like that my boyfriend's pina colada was served in a martini glass, although he didn't seem to mind, I felt he got less drink for our money.The Coors Light was Coors Light .When we first got to MVP there was one other patron that I could see who was sitting at the bar, but still we waited what felt like a life time.Total tourist trap $6.00 Coors Light Draft bar. Nothing else to say here
4	It's a nice place to sit at the bar and watch a game.  I enjoyed myself there to get a little tipsy then hit the night life. Overall I recommend this place .
4	Nice place to have a beer in the summer ! Good menu
2	Good ambiance for a sports bar, food SUCKS! I've seen enough to finally make a generalization I guess - DON'T order a sandwich or burger at a Canadian restaurant. They all suck at making them. Instead, go with a pasta and wine the french way.
2	I am here for a conference from the states. The beer selection is average. The burger was good and the Mac and cheese was great. The atmosphere was good for what I was looking for: a laid back sports pub for a bite and a few beers. The only problem $41 for a burger and 2 beers. WTF
5	Loads of TVs. They show all the games and PPVs. Friendly staff and very accommodating owner, Brendan, who puts the sport you are interested in on the TV by your table. Reasonable drink prices and great pizza from the in house oven. The place to watch sports on Cresent!
5	I was on a business trip a couple months ago in Montreal. We found MVP with a sign posting "happy hour" my partner I popped in for a beer and ended up spending several hours there. Peter the owner/ bar tender treated us great and made us feel welcomed. I highly recommend.
1	Where to begin?Let's start with the good...the Fries are AMAZING!  It's all downhill after that.I could not understand why the place was empty the first two periods of a Habs playoff game ....but now I do.They served burnt popcorn.....really?  My buddy sent back French Onion soup food that tasted like a bowl of salt.  He also found a piece of lettuce (from the dishwasher I guess) in his glass of water....serious??I sent back my Cajun Chicken that tasted like it was rolled in the Dead Sea - it was disgustingly salty.Simply put, they take no care in the food they serve and it's totally bad.  Our waitress tried hard to keep us happy (we are not complicated guys) but the food was horrible.This place needs Gordon Ramsey to show them how to cook.
3	Came here to watch the game.  Place was pretty empty when we got there.  Prices are decent and place is filled with TVs.  I got the all dressed pizza and poutine.  Staff was slow and overworked but was friendly. Love the popcorn they provided.
5	My friends and I were in Montreal over the weekend and we went down to rue Crescent the first night. After going into a few bars down the strip, we ended up at MVP. We absolutely loved the atmosphere, the food, and the drinks. The waitress was so sweet and she went out of her way to cater to us. The drinks were very well done as well. Will definitely be coming back here next time we're in Montreal!
