3	The Scintas, to me, sounded and acted like the world's greatest lounge act.  With no music that was original to themselves, they covered many songs throughout the show.  I must say that for the most part they did a great job with this.  Chrissi, the sister of the two Scinta brothers who originally formed the group, is very attractive for her age but this does not make up for her lacking vocal abilities.  When singing on stage with her brother Frank (who reminds me of Tom Jones), she is overshadowed by her brother's singing capabilities.  This was strange to me but did not necessarily detract from the overall show.I did laugh out loud as both the band and the family wise-cracked in their cicillian manner that poked fun at each other and the crowd.  I thought the theater was designed quite well and very comfortable.  We were in the back of the theater at the Hilton (where the show is currently located) and still had a great view of the stage.I will note we came in 30 minutes or so late and had some issues getting in.  Be sure to keep your entire ticket intact when coming to the show.  I tend to remove the bottom part of my tickets because they usually have nothing useful on them.  At the Hilton this will void your tickets.Leave the kids at home, go out to a classy hotel like the Hilton (yeah, try and take your date to the Star Trek Experience to make it even more romantic) and enjoy some live music and entertainment.  Add a few drinks to the mix and your evening should be complete.
5	I love the SCINTAS! Chrissi! is a short little thing in hip clothing making it work.The brothers are talented the drummer is wicked and they are honestly show folk. I got to meet them and i couldn't get enough of how humble they are. They do great jobs of singing billy joel, the piano from the god father, to even beyonce. which was strange but, there needs to be more talented people like the Scintas.
5	The Scintas are awesome.  I was fortunate to get VIP seats for free and boy was it worth it.  I would have paid for this unbelievable show. They are a great cover band.Don't overlook them, if they are back on the Strip.
4	First and foremost let me start by giving you the correct pronunciation of the name Scintas  pronounced (Shintas). Now if you have seen the show, Holy Shintas you know exactly what I am talking about. This show is definitely the Scinta. From the moment you get in upstairs at the D you start feeling like you are walking through the film Casino, Looking at all the old school slots and the crazy coin driven horse racing table you may begin to get the feeling that you are being led into a dark hallway to get whacked!! Luckily we made it through the waiting process and once we headed into the venue that same feeling floated in the air, combined with the breezy smell of asper cream and Liz Claiborne perfume... Before I say anything else, yes, the room was full of old folks but those old folks know how to choose the shows. If you have any appreciation at all you will love this show. It is a small show and not very pricey as far as admission is concerned and you will get a great experience out of the show. The performances are all done very well, granted they are a little lounge lizard ish but come on, this is Vegas baby. Lounge a little! Also, you will never get enough of the Scinta jokes, Its some of the best Schinta in the show. What this all comes down to is If you are looking for something to do, get off your couch, wash the cheetoh residue off your fingers and get to this show. What the Scinta are you waiting for??
5	This was a great show!! Very entertaining and super funny. Not to mention they are fantastic singers. The new addition valentine is an amazing singer!! I never saw the original show with the sister but man the Valentine girl has amazing vocals! I would definitely see this again and again.
4	This was a really great "old Vegas" style show. I would recommend and will probably repeat.
5	Best showIve scene in Vegas.  They are halaruius, great impersonations and bit do they have great voices.   Definitely go see them
5	Great show at an intimite show room.  Loved the drink service and prices.  This show has it all, great sound, great band, worth a trip to see.The D is also fun with a good selection of older slots upstairs.
5	Now known as "Frankie Scinta" at the new casino the "D" formerly Fitzgerald's, Frankie Scinta gives a POWERHOUSE performance keeping you in stitches the whole show! An ideal intimate showroom, wonderful sound, great entertainment (even the bartender was groovin').  A MUST SEE for all!! He touches your soul with laughter, passion, talent, not forgetting the importance of family, proud to be American, our military and our freedom "one nation under God". Truly an awesome singer, talented musician, exceptional piano player, a giver of children's charities, Frankie Scinta is truly touched and blessed by God. So..  when the music's over you have not only left feeling "entertained" but also moved by such an amazing presence.... :D
5	In my many trips to Vegas, I missed seeing Danny Gans, Siegfried & Roy and The Scintas.  Sadly, I'll never get to see the former two, but I finally got to see The Scintas at The D, sadly without sister Chrissi.  Frankie, Joey and "adopted" Scinta Janien provided a real, old-time Vegas show with music, comedy and impressions.  Frankie is an amazingly gifted musician, singer, comedian - etc., and brother Joey is hilarious with his impressions.  Janien is a powerhouse singer - no microhone needed!  Special Bonus - Clint Holmes was in the audience, he and Frankie performed an amazing impromptu duet, and Clint performed his signature hit Playground in My Mind (I was 16 when that one came out - still have the 45!).  I'm a big Scintas fan now, and look forward to seeing them again one day.  To sum it up in two words:  "That's Entertainment!"
4	"Tons of energy!"Amazing pianist! Well done Frankie. Some impessions were good..some..so so. Not sure how I felt about the lady singing the Michael Jackson songs. Didn't sit right with us. Very patriotic show,we are from Canada. Nice to watch you welcome Rich Little sitting in the audience..Loved him! Best impressionist of all time! Visited July 2014
5	As a local, I have seen almost every show on the strip.  This is one of my favorites.  The show is a big difference from many strip shows.  I love how Frank speaks his mind and mentions God here in this city of sin.  He is very genuine and frank with his audience.  At the same time, he is a great performer.
5	A fun evening we had!  My wife and I didn't know what to expect, but we laughed, smiled and were thoroughly entertained!  If you are downtown in the evening, come in and watch this show. It's 1,000% better than of the concerts on the street. Really!  See a showman with passion!Saw him last night (10 JAN 2015) -- again!  Better than the first time I saw him. Excellent showman. Great show. My in-laws, my wife and some very good friends all had a blast.
5	I can't believe I have lived here over 2 years and just heard about this show.  My friend got tickets and I'll go just about anywhere for $5.  We got more than our monies worth!  If you live here and haven't seen this show, then I suggest getting to one.  Frankie is very talented, as well as his brother and the rest of the members.What came across to me was how genuine and loving they all are.  It was quite touching and I am so glad to have gone.  I'll be taking guests when they are in town!
