5	I usually don't write reviews on stores but my experience at Motherhood was so exceptional that I couldn't wait to go home so I could share my experience.This is my first pregnancy so I had no clue where to start with shopping for pregnancy clothes. I walked in to the store and this nice lady named Kim immediately offered her help. She helped me pick out styles and sizes and made the entire process fun and seamless.I've been to other stores that have a maternity section but none of them offer the prices, styles and selection as Motherhood. I found a lot of clothes that I would actually pick out if I wasn't pregnant.Thank you, Kim, for your excellent customer service and for making this first time mommy-to-be able to breathe in her new jeans!
3	The customer service gets a 5 star. As for prices, that gets a 2 star. If you can find items on the clearance rack that are cute and fit you right, youve done good for yourself. Otherwise, go to Kohls or oldnavy.com for maternity deals.
5	You can't really make a review based on fashion because everyone has different taste, on that note...  I base my review on price but most of all on SERVICE!!! The Sales associate that helped us "Kim Hill" is  a gem and a asset to the company. Kim is real knowledgeable about the product she sales. What makes her stand out is her friendly personality, her attentiveness and her  attention to detail.
5	I liked the variety of the maternity clothing here way better than the other store at the other premium outlets center/north. Also, the friendly ladies were very nice (smiling faces), and sincerely wanted to assist us with anything (but not in a pushy way). Maybe because I actually looked pregnant this time (I'm currently in my first trimester)? The layout of the store was also better- there was more space, it didn't feel so cramped. I liked looking at all the sales racks in the back, because there was just more to look at! I saw pants, swimsuits, dresses, sweaters, and tank tops, in my sizes, S and XS. Like the other store, the full priced items were in front, while the clearance racks were in the back of the store. The fitting rooms were in the middle of the store. We also looked at the Boppy products (pillows for comfort). We bought a cocoa butter variety pack (located near the cash register/right side of the store, against the wall), and the saleswoman gave us directions on how to use the products. She also gave us coupons, and got my information so I could get more promotions especially for moms. It does make a difference when the sales people show a genuine interest in their customers.
