4	Wow! A coffee roaster right in historic downtown Gilbert. You know that cute house just north of Joe's BBQ? This guy, Brian Bergeson opened a coffee shop and coffee roasters. The garden in front looks nice and the inside is redone. I didn't have a sit down just went in for a pound of yummy, just roasted bolivian, organic, shade grown & fair trade. I sure hope this place is a hit!
4	I had a chance to stop by while in Gilbert after lunch with a friend.  The garden in front is nice and great for having conversations with friends.  Although visiting the establishment once so far, their coffee was really good I haven't had coffee that was this smooth since the last time I was in Seattle, after all they roast their own and you can't get better than that.  Needless to say I will be back to try more.  I hope the Bergies Coffee Roast House will be a permanent fixture to downtown Gilbert.  I wish the Bergesons' well!
5	I love the relaxed atmosphere and the wonderful assortment of fresh roasted coffee's that this wonderful small shop has to offer! My friends and I love to sit in the garden reading and chatting while we enjoy our coffee .
5	I absolutely LOVE Bergies!  Everything from the atmosphere, the beverages and the people (both staff and other "regulars").  I especially recommend trying a "Brucee" which is my favorite drink of choice.  The owners are an absolute pleasure to converse with and I find them both jovial AND helpful.  It has great seating for meetings or just to hang out with family and friends.  Also, I suggest heading over on a Saturday evening as sometimes they have live music playing with local artists.  Go to Bergies, try a new drink, meet a new friend and support a local independent coffee joint!
1	Ok, I really went here wanting to like it. I did. I really did. The outside is really pretty and the inside is clean. It's just north of Joe's Real BBQ, which is a great location.We went for a light breakfast kind of snack and caffeine on a Saturday morning. I was pretty unimpressed with the muffins that looked like it was a package deal from Costco, rewrapped and placed out like they were home made. They had some sort of Little Debbie snack cakes there, too. Nothing at all substantial or healthy. They also had lemon bars (my daughter got one and would barely eat it).My wife liked her Mocha, but I had ordered a Chai Lattee and he iced it. I did not ask for it iced. I didn't say anything, since the guy behind the counter was really nice. I took it outside to drink in the yard, and it was terrible. I'm not sure why I didn't complain right then, but I sucked it down and dealt with it. Now I was at about a 3-star review at this point because the wife's mocha was good, the kid's soy (can't screw this up) was fine, too.Then I got in the car and headed to a few errands before going home. I got sicker and sicker to my stomach from the drink. To the point where I had to lie down for 90 minutes when I got home to try to feel better.Skip this place. Go across the street to the coffee bar in Liberty market!
3	I read the previous reviews before writing mine.  Ouch.My experience was just fine.  I had a mocha.  It was good.  I've had better, I've had worse.The service was pretty good.  I didn't look to closely at the pastry selections which several other reviewers mentioned as a problem.Based on my mocha, I would return.  The atmosphere was nice in & out and in the nice weather the outdoor seating area is pretty inviting.
4	this place has the cutest patio, is so inviting and quaint. And even though I don't drink coffee, I always go with my husband who really is a coffee fanatic.I always get their Chai tea and is delicious every time!
5	Cute shop in the (what feels like) deserted old-town strip of downtown Gilbert; feels like someone's kitchen turned into a place to relax and hang out, with lots of homey features and art.    Extensive patio as well.  So unique they even sell their own Tshirts!  I could live in a place like this.  Literally.   Put up a cot in the corner.  How much is rent?
5	Found this place on accident, on my way to see my dad in Gilbert. I went to euro cafe and they were closed, but a nice blonde buisness lady directed me to Bergies. I love it here. Wish I lived closer.It's charming and quaint without being hippy. And they've got the best coffee I've had. Iced toddy with an inch of soy is the f'n best. And the bearded fellow ( owner?) who helps me is always most pleasant.
4	I have been to Bergies several times.I have tried several of their coffees and haven't had a bad cup yet.I only gave it four stars because I like a hot breakfast and all they offer are pastries. If you are looking for a good cup of coffee, a place to sit down and use the wi-fi or a quaint spot for a meeting, Bergies is the place to go,
4	Gorgeous and peaceful courtyard to enjoy a quality cup of coffee!
4	Best small coffee house in the area. The place is a little more run down than 'quaint' would describe.  Overall nice place to relax for casual gatherings and meetings.
5	I've had several meetings here in their relaxing courtyard and found the atmosphere and ambiance simply amazing. A great place to have conversations where you can actually hear the person your conversing with regardless of how many other people there are in the courtyard. I've had the same pleasant experience there in the evening when there was live music. My wife loves their coffee, and she's VERY particular. I'm not a coffee drinker but their teas and other drink options are quite tasty. Not having an extensive food selection may be an issue for others, but for what they present themselves as -- a Coffee Roast House -- this is as definitively, good as it gets!
5	I love a great coffee and I'm so glad that I found a place close to home where I can come and enjoy some fresh roasted (not bitter or burned) java . Always friendly and helpful, not to mention the awesome courtyard to sit and read in or listen to some live music on Fridays and Saturdays. It's been a very convenient place for me to have meetings or hang out with friends.
4	One of the best lattes I've ever had in one of the cutest settings!  I never really get over to this part of town, but knowing this place is here may change that!  We walked here after lunch and fell in love with the little cottage.  The prices are fantastic, 3 of us for $6.75? That's unheard of!  The only reason this doesn't get a 5 star rating is because the barista was not too friendly...I'm willing to do another review though...hopefully next time I get a smile out of him!Thanks guys!
5	This is the best coffee place in Gilbert, hands down. The staff is awesome and friendly.They roast their own coffee beans- how cool is that? The best part though is the beautiful garden/patio area. With free wi-fi it's the perfect oasis to waste away a little time or meet up with a friend!
5	I am from Seattle. I always support the local coffeehouse. Bergies is the best coffee in the Phoenix metro area. Ive been to all the other coffee houses in the area. The quality of their coffee is very high. I know that i do not need to go home to enjoy great coffee. I hope everyone supports Bergies and does not go to the worst coffee ever, Starbucks. They not only sold my Sonics (yes i take it personally), they also serve bitter, bad coffee. Go to Bergies, and you will be satisfied.
5	I love Bergies Coffee house. It's a favorite Saturday morning stop as I'm running errands. This old house is tucked between Joe's BBQ and a rental equipment place in downtown Gilbert; don't blink or you'll miss it.The building is a bit odd and looks like it might be rickety from the outside, but inside it's homey and welcoming. The staff is always superb, and I've never had a bad or wrong order. Mochas, chai lattes, and plain coffee have always been good.There is plenty of parking behind Bergies, and a lot of outside space to sit in the shaded garden area. It's a great place for some quiet time.
5	Bergies has a great location with excellent outside seating.  I stop by weekly to buy fresh roasted beans and get a cup of brewed for the ride home. Excellent quality.
4	The BF and I headed over to try this coffee place this morning as part of the (extreme) coffee tour of Phoenix!! (f.t.w.). This place is super cute. It is in an old house of sorts and is very homey on the inside. It also has a beautiful garden/ seating area outside that would be very nice to sit in (if it weren't so hot out, anyway). So we were greeted by the relatively friendly baristas inside and ordered. The BF got a latte (my usual) and since he got it, I decided to try the Toddy instead. His latte was very good, and it was at the perfect temperature, not too crazy hot, but not cool either. That was great. He asked for 2% milk and it still tasted like a more creamy milk, so kudos to that. The coffee flavor was also prominent, but not overpowering. My toddy was really good also. The coffee flavor is great, it's cool and refreshing (as much as a caffeinated drink can be anyway), and they offered to put a little cream in it, so that's a bonus. I will most definitely be back to this place. Yay Bergies!
4	It's in the historic district in gilbert which is a great place with many good restaurants. Just go north of Joes BBQ and you will see the little house. I parked in the back no issues.Like mentioned it's a house. Nice vibe to it. Had a cup of coffee which was outstanding, apparantly they roast their own coffee which makes a huge difference. I just wish they would give you a decent mug, not the small cheap one they give you. no big deal though. I didnt see any pastries that looked that appealing so I didnt try any. The place has a seperate room with a small couch to sit in. Might be nice to go with some friends to hang out. It's not a big place overall and I find it a bit strange in a way to be in a house. I almost felt like I was intruding at someone's place.But compared to a place like Starbucks this place is great. Support your local coffee shops and they will stay in business and hopefully put crappy places like starbucks out.
4	Great coffee and great place to hang out!
5	Tastiest coffee I have ever had, and I don't normally drink coffee.  Ask for the Brucee' (Broo-say) -- it is the best iced coffee you will ever drink.  I have shared Bergie's fresh roasted coffee with friends from around the world and they always ask for more.Fun little place to hang out to visit, for a meeting, or to get some studying done.  Free wifi, great baristas -- what else can you want?
3	This place has changed a lot in the last few months. When I first started coming here it was warm and welcoming. Now I feel like my presence is an inconvenience. Not sure if there is some employee tension but sometimes the air feels thick. They have a special board and everytime I order from it I get an annoyed look from the people behind the counter. Here is an idea if you don't want to make don't make it a special.
4	Wanted to try a local coffee place and our cousin recommended Bergies. They make a delicious caramel latte! Too bad I didn't see any ice blends on the menu, or else I'd return for that ^.^
4	We go here for the coffee which is roasted in house and is roasted correctly not burnt like Starbucks.  We have not tried the food as we just buy the beans for use at home, if we wanted a restaurant we would find one.  This is the best coffee that we have found so in the Greater Phoenix area except for Superstition Coffee that has just opened up at the Olive Mill in Queen Creek.
4	Excellent place.  I've been here about 4 times and had a great experience every time.  The coffee is great - the lattes are way better than Starbucks (which I consider to be burnt, though I tolerate them when I can't go elsewhere). (Note: my favorite AZ coffee is Lux, but Bergie's is on par.)  The biscotti (locally made - Bad Boy Biscotti, I think) is fresh; it's soft for biscotti, which I like (though my wife prefers hard biscotti). There's not much of a selection of food otherwise, though there's plenty to eat in easy walking distance in Old Town Gilbert. The outside environment is very inviting (at least, when it's not summer). Parking in back is down a little alley reached by the side street just to the north; it can be a little tight but I haven't had a problem. Glad to see a local place doing well.
5	Amazing coffee and atmosphere. I enjoyed hanging out on their patio. The people are friendly and this place is so cool!
4	Great vibe, cute little house.  it is easy to overlook Bergies with all of their popular neighbors, but they merit a visit.  They freshly roast their beans, resulting in a great product.  Buy local!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE! Quiet patio area with water fountains and flowers everywhere. Electric outlets available in the shady garden/patio area, so you are not stuck inside. Coffee was delicious! I will definitely be back, and back often!
5	A fantastic local place for great coffee. Each drink is meticulously constructed using beans roasted on site. If you're in a rush, go to Starbucks. If you've got some time to kick back with a great cup of coffee and mingle with the looks, stop on by Bergies.
4	The service and drinks are on par to my local coffee joint expectations. However, this place has be coming back time and again because of it's atmosphere. When it's not scorching outside, I like enjoying some iced peach green tea in the front patio/garden area. If it's too hot, I'll order a tripple americano with soy and sit in the art showroom/sitting area. Quaint, Old Town feel to the place; located in the heart of downtown Gilbert.Tip: If the back parking lot is full (because there are only a few spots). Park across the street adjacent to the Oregano's--it's an open lot!
4	Great atmosphere! We sat out in the garden and listened to the live music. The Brucee is excellent- so smooth! Definitely not the burnt/ash tray taste of Starbuck's. We'll be back for sure!
4	Nice cozy coffeehouse, the girl working was so helpful! I think I asked her about a million questions and she answered them all with ease. They have so many different milk options, I love any place that has almond milk.  I also had an oat bagel which tasted homemade, not Costco mass produced.  Very enjoyable experience
4	Great local place! I took my 6 yr old here for a mid-morning snack and coffee and we loved it. The service was friendly, coffee was great and the atmosphere was as well. Oh and the prices are fantastic... have yet to find less expensive good coffee. We will be back. A lot.
2	I went to Bergies during my morning walk with my dog. I called ahead and asked if she were allowed on the patio and they said yes, just poke your head in and let us know you're here and we will take your order. So as I got there, the young brunette handed me a menu and served me outside while being extremely friendly and helpful. The coffee was great and reasonably priced. I was sold!! So, the next day during my walk, I poked my head in to ask for service outside because of my pup. What I got was a complete opposite of the day before. There was a man sitting behind the bar who made it very apparant that I was interupting his day, who told me I could tie my dog up and come in and order and as I tried to tell him I couldn't (she is young and too hyper) he interupted, obviously annoyed, by asking what do you want? I then told him "actually nothing." and went across the street to Liberty Market where I was treated respectfully by a staff that has a clear knowledge of customer service. Too bad, great atmosphere outside.
5	My Wife and I have been purchasing Burgies Espresso roast and brewing it at home. Its the PERFECT dark roast (It's not that dark) but its perfect.  We have been slaves to burnt roasts for too long...  Bergies is the perfect place to hang, get your coffee on and just enjoy life.  LONG LIVE BERGIES!
4	Very cozy and cute, relaxing! They have great coffee and very reasonable price!
4	Exactly what you want in a local coffee shop...friendly, fresh and good. I plan to return some Sat eve when they say they have entertainment.
4	This place is as cute as button! And with countless holiday flavors on the menu (Roasted Marshmallow S'mores, YUM!) Now is the time to visit. It provides the perfect space for meeting friends, reading a book, or even just daydreaming under the trees by your lonesome as the leaves fall gently around you..There really is an exceptional charm about this place that you must experience for yourself. Take notice of the herb garden and subtle artistic touches scattered throughout for full appreciation. This owner definitely knows how to create a happy place.As for the quality of drinks...superb! They roast their own coffee and the smoothies are tasty, too. There was an error on my order, however in the name of great customer service my drink was on the house, which I can appreciate. The only thing that prevents me from giving this lovely place five stars is the lack of treats on the menu. Maybe it was the time of day I visited or the fact that I'm hungry as I write this, but I certainly wouldn't have minded seeing a piece of banana bread or pie sitting amongst the couple of muffins that were displayed on the counter. Ah well, beggars can't be choosers I suppose. If you're looking for a fantastic coffee experience (this is a coffee shop after all), find your way to Bergies. Your taste buds will thank you.
5	Quaint location, personable service and amazing coffee!
5	Coffee on the porch or in the garden, Bergies is an eclectic house close to 100 years old turned into one of the best coffee houses in the valley of the sun.  Located in downtown Gilbert, just up the street from the Water Tower.  World wide beans roasted daily and fresh from all over the world, at far better pricing than national chains. Brian and Bruce (Bothers) have roasting down to a science, and no bean is ever sold older than 14 days from roast date.  So as they say "Catch your Buzz at Bergies" You will be so happy you did!They also have great live music on Saturday nights
5	Had their dark roast drip coffee and it was excellent.  Actual shop was a little small but we sat outside and enjoyed the night under the heater.  Great local coffee shop.
5	So adorb! Great prices! LOVE!
5	My husband and I came here while waiting for our table at Postinos. We absolutely love this coffee shop! We got to talk to the owners who are awesome! They were so friendly and told us a lot about the history and the business. Highly recommend!!
1	Reviewing Coffee Houses is difficult because you don't know what kind of coffee drinker the reviewer is. Some like sweet, chocolaty, half-caf, with baked goods while others are purist, black, fresh roasted espresso / coffee heads. I'm the friends don't let friends drink Starbucks but let's have a fresh roasted cup of coffee. When I learned Bergies roasts their own coffee, and being here on business, I knew I had to come by! I was GREATLY disappointed! The espresso was scalding hot. Now this may sound crazy like when the woman sues MickyD's for their hot coffee . . . BUT espresso should not be scalding hot. It should be hot but cool enough to easily drink with a good layer of creme. This allows the sweetness and full body to come through. The shot was so hot all you taste is burning. One might have the choice to let the shot cool . . . but the problem there is your shot dies and loses it's creme and flavor. So the shot needs to be pulled. I ordered a pour-over coffee. This brew method should extract the quality in the bean. Instead I had an overly salty / sour cup of coffee. My father had the regular drip coffee (he roasts his own too) and was disappointed in the regular drip.It's great that Bergies roasts their own coffee but the production of their coffee is not done well. (or at least on this day -- which could be a total possibility).
2	As much as I want to like this place the last couple of times I've been there the coffee has ended up tasting like cardboard so I had to update my review. I can make a better cup at home. I still like the location and the staff friendliness, just not the coffee.
5	FANTASTIC ambience and friendly employees. Have enjoyed coffee on the porch while working and had perfect WiFi service. Great downtown Gilbert location, perfect for people watching and enjoying downtown activity. And best of all....GREAT coffee!
3	It was ok. The coffee was slightly on the burnt-tasting side, but I'm not sure if that was the coffee itself or the smell of the beans roasting (they roast their own beans) affecting my taste buds. Everyone has different tastes when it comes to coffee, it's a hard thing to review. Maybe it was just stronger than what I'm used to, I don't know. I like my coffee pretty strong though.Love the patio, and my cinnamon roll was really gooey and good. The server was pleasant too. I would go back and try them again.
5	Bergies Coffee + Chocolate Chip Cookies = an amazing culinary experience. You will not be disappointed.
5	Parking is a little odd if you're just running in. I "borrowed" one of Joe's BBQ's 15 minute pick-up spots and ran up the street to Bergie's. I didn't see till after that there was a parking lot and more street parking behind it! This is a really cute shop made out of an old house. It has a huge outdoor seating area in the "front yard" and is easily handicap accessible. The whole family was in today and my seasonal iced salted caramel coffee was made by the owner. It had the perfect amount of creme and caramel flavouring and was totally worth the $1.75 I paid for a large (Usually only $3.50 but it was half off when you checked into Yelp for the first time!). Also be sure to grab one of their little scones for just over a dollar - cranberry nut, chocolate chip and bacon cheese were today's offerings. The choco chip one had a generous amount of chocolate and was very soft and not overly sweet. Perfect!I wish this place was closer! I'd definitely recommend it if you're in the area.
5	Omg this place is freaking adorable. For me personally, this is my ideal coffee shop. Local, family owned, community oriented, quaint, cozy, relaxing...I love the atmosphere!Located right beside Joe's BBQ, there is parking in the back. Not a lot of room inside the shop, but there is plenty of seating on the patio. Lots of shade and misters so it's still pretty comfortable in the heat.Now the most important thing...the coffee is great! I got an iced toddy with almond milk instead of cream. Next thing I'm going to try (on my cheat day!) is the Brucee which is an iced toddy with creme de cocoa and creme. Sounds delicious! Hubby got a cappuccino, which he gets at every coffee house we go. The drinks were great! Smooth and balanced. Good flavor. We also got one of Aunt Ninny's cookies which was delicious!It got a little crazy during the rush. Seemed a little chaotic and disorganized. I was kinda stressed ordering. The son kept yelling "Dad! I need this! " or "Mom can you get me that!" I love family owned places, but that just didn't seem very professional to me. But I guess I would get the same if my kids were working for me lol.Anyway, we had a great time chatting with one of the owners (the dad) once the rush had died down. He was very knowledgable and informative without being pretentious. I'm so appreciative of that. We have a great coffee scene in the valley but some owners can be real snobs about it. Not that way here at all. They are a lovely family.Will definitely come back!
5	This is now my favorite coffee shop to stop by when I'm in the area! The staff is as wonderful as it gets, they make some great coffee and have the best beans for our coffee machine at home.Every two weeks (or so) I stop in and pick up a new roast that they have been working on and love every drop that comes out of our machine. They roast it right there on site and are always helpful and giving me hints on how to make the best cup. Once we told them what we like Bergies has even made special blends for us!If you need a nice place to sit outside (when the weather permits), meet with friends or just get your caffeine fix - come here!
5	Amazing coffee! Great atmosphere and superb service!! What more can you ask for - do you tastebuds a favor and stop at Bergies instead of Starbucks one morning!
5	How have I lived in Gilbert for 12 years and just recently discovered Bergie's?! To say that I've become obsessed is putting it pretty mildly. Everyone is super friendly here and the coffee is top-notch. The caramel macchiato is pretty good, but I'm partial to the amazing white mocha. I appreciate that the workers are always patient and helpful, and a big plus is that they have a bunch of different kinds of milk -regular, nonfat, almond, soy, coconut, you name it! I haven't been able to enjoy my coffee on the cute little patio yet, but I can't wait to do so when it finally starts to cool down again. I'll definitely be back at least a few more times before I have to leave for school again!
5	I *loved* visiting this place.First off, the owners, there on Sat morning, were very friendly, engaging, and I had a nice time chatting with them about random things.  I asked for an espresso with a light touch of cream and it came out deliciously.  As I sat at the coffee bar with my espresso, I decided, I'd also take one of their cinnamon buns (made locally by Udder Delights.. memo to self!).  The combo of a relaxed, quaint, cozy coffee shop; friendly, engaging staff, and tasty espresso and pastry were enough to leave a mark on me.Their patio is adorable, too... you don't expect this in Arizona and it certainly doesn't make you feel like you're in Arizona (misters newly added.. cute layout and lots of greenery).I am a fan and will absolutely return!
5	Driven by here a million times, wish I would have gone in sooner. Now that I have, this will most likely become my go to coffee place.First of all, LOVE the patio. Tons of seating options, some with tables if you are eating, some without if you are just enjoying your coffee. Tons of shade and misters running along the side to keep you cool.Inside the coffee house is fairly small but there is some seating if you don't really want to be outdoors. When we arrived there were some patrons sitting at the counter and some others at the tables on their computers. There were no other customers ahead of us waiting to order but we didn't feel rushed to order. I always peruse the menu when I go into a new coffee shop even though I usually order the same thing. Our drinks came out quick and were good. My husband didn't really like his but that wasn't the fault of Bergies. My husband just misinterpreted what the owner said. If I lived within walking distance, I would be here everyday (I actually started looking for houses in the area and this was one of the reasons) but since I'm not (yet!) I will have to settle with stopping by whenever I am driving through Gilbert.Oh...and there is a check in offer for 50% off your first drink.
4	Bergies is so quaint! Located at the edge of downtown Gilbert, the white picket fence, greenery-filled garden patio, and homey cottage/shop are the perfect setting to "get away from it all" My first exposure to Bergies was actually while dining at Joe's BBQ just next door. We were sitting outside, enjoying our meal when suddenly my 1.5 year old son was beckoned to the edge of the yard by the beautiful sounds of a live female vocalist playing acoustic guitar. We all sat listening, enchanted for quite a bit longer than we normally would have. It was then that I said "I need to check this place out!"I finally made it over to the shop a few weeks ago and I was completely charmed. Even on a hot Arizona summer Saturday, the little garden was like an oasis. The shop itself was nice and cool, with several employees bustling behind the counter making drinks, taking orders, and calling names. They do quite a business and seemed busy, but there wasn't a line nor was there a lengthy wait. The employees I interacted with were nice without being gushingly kind.I was pleased with my coffee - a nice kick and they had almond milk, so I was a happy camper. The furnishings are comfortable, with some counter-height tables with stools gathered near the counter, and what looked like a back room with some more comfy seating around the corner. Their hours aren't as extended as I'd like; they close at 8:30pm on Friday/Saturday and earlier Sun - Thu. So, this won't ever be my "go-to" as it is rare that I get a few spare daytime moments to linger over a tasty caffeine laden cup of yum ... BUT if I do, I'll be headed to Bergies
5	Fantastic roasted coffees found nowhere else. Best people in AZ for good conversation regarding coffee and roasts. Great value and none fresher. Best cool weather seating and kind staff. If you have not brewed a pot of their coffee too don't know what you are missing. French press there is more than enough for 2 and wonderful.
5	I just moved down from Colorado and after feeling doomed to day after day of Starbucks, I found this great place.  Of course, the main thing bergies has going for it is the fantastic outdoor patio!  Sure, inside it is cozy too, but small, and I'm not sure it would be such a draw without the patio and its nice shade trees.
5	Great place with outdoor seating. Saturday nights are live music. A very cool place to sit down with one or two people and hang with music in the background
4	Great local coffee shop. Their outside patio is the best in the valley!  Open and airy with lots of seating options and ton of umbrellas for shade.  The indoor seating is limited but it is a tiny old building.  The staff are generally polite and the drinks are solid.  Their pastry selection is small and not the most enticing with their shrink wrapped just bought from Costco feel.
5	Excellent coffee drinks. They also roast a variety of their own beans so when you buy those by the pound it makes for great coffee at home.  We are hooked!
4	This place is seriously adorable. Everyone is so nice, and it was genuine niceness too.  The little shop is unique and clean, and the courtyard was beautiful and roomy.  However, I did not care for the coffee. I had the dark roast drip and it lacked flavor. Next time I go back, I will try the americano!
5	You will love this place.  The outside garden seating is so relaxing and the people are super friendly.  Plus the coffee,  tea and snacks are great as well.  Park in back.  Plenty of space behind the building.
5	This place is so nice! The people who work here are super friendly. The drinks are very tasty and get the job done. The location is perfect and the patio is one of the best anywhere. The house it occupies has tons of charm and character. Get in here!!!
5	My mornings will never be spent at Starbucks again.......As consumers we are lead to believe that Starbucks is the best coffee out there.  I always thought that I loved French Roast coffee,but the staff at Bergies taught be a thing or two about coffee.  Come to find out my favorite coffee I get there is a lighter roast.  Thank you Bergies for opening my eyes in the morning and also opening my eyes to great coffee!
2	Well, I don't know what to say about Bergies. I'm sad really because it looked so promising. When you walk up to it, the curb appeal is so pleasing. I wanted to hang out there all day. I liked the atmosphere a lot. I went up to the register inside the building and you can tell that the people behind the counter must have just gotten over a giant rush, because they resembled deer in headlights. I used to be a barista, so I know this look on their faces. I definitely didn't get a hello until I was done looking at the menu (which works for me because I would like to look before I'm interrogated).I asked him if they could make me an espresso con panna. He definitely didn't know what it was, but explained another drink on the menu as if I didn't know what it was. I give him two thumbs way up for knowledge of menu items, but two thumbs down for not knowing what a con panna is. They made it for me regardless and it looked delicious, however, this is where my two stars comes into play. I wanted to give them four stars, but the espresso tasted like water. It was over extracted, too light on the tongue, the texture was almost gritty, and the double shot (one pull) was almost four ounces...which explains as to why it tasted like water. I had to wash it down with my friend's Chai to just finish it. Not the worst espresso shots I've ever had, but definitely in the top three.I hope my next two experiences will prove them wrong as I see a lot of great reviews and potential for this place.
5	This is the most charming coffee house I've ever seen.  Bergie's is located catty-corner from Liberty Market in downtown Gilbert.  You'll have to drive around the back to park but there is ample parking and a really short walk.  The coffee house is surrounded by white picket fencing and the grounds are filled with bird feeders and colorful decorations.  The coffee shack is very rustic with only a few seats.  Rainy days would make it tough on business here.  They have a wide variety of beans from all over the world roasted on the premises.  The espresso drinks are perfectly flavored allowing the coffee to be front and center without overwhelming sweetness.  Enjoying the coffee outdoors with the birds flying around and singing is as relaxing as you can ask for.  If you need coffee on the rush it would be a shame...bring a camera if you're a bird watcher.  This place is why Yelp! Is the best app you can buy...I wouldn't have come across Bergie's if I didn't have it.
4	This was lovely for a Saturday evening with my young daughter.  Live acoustic music, charming atmosphere.  An amazing (though maybe slightly overpriced) cookie (for the daughter).  We will definitely come back.
5	I came to this place based on all the great reviews I read. Although there were a few bad ones but maybe those people were just having a bad day. I ,however, had the best experience here. I ordered a shot of espresso, it was just the right temperature.  It was the best espresso I have had in a while. My friend ordered a cup of coffee and it was delicious, roasted just right! Also they sell their freshly roasted beans by the pound! They have a big selection of beans from all around the world. I have worked in a coffee shop before that roasted their own beans and I must say Bergies was better. The patio is filled with beautiful flowers and plants. Such a great place to do homework, read a book, or chat with some friends! The employees there were very nice, it seemed like they were one big family. I will recommend Bergies to every one! Can't wait to visit again!
2	This is a nice little coffee shop.  I really like that they have almond milk, not many place do.  The lattes were ok, very average.  Cute place, very nice people working there, great environment.
1	*Curb appeal- Garden/yard sale*Inside: creaky floors that slope- to a cluttered messy counter. *Staff unfriendly, no greeting, took our order after we had to ask. She rang us up and when back to talking to pajama clad regulars sitting at the counter. So we asked- should we check back, will you call us, or do you bring them to us?*Coffee- worst latte - not drinkable. Tossed it out after 4 sips. *Ambience- would've been nice outside if two different parties would've kept their children from running around, screaming, digging in the planters getting dirt on us and did I mention the screaming? Parents were completely oblivious- one child tried to get in my purse. BTW- I have children, and love kids, I watched 2 parties leave to escape the chaos.  I usually give a place a 2nd chance- but I won't be back.
5	I picked a different coffee shop every day on my stay in the PHX area. I'm kinda mad that the best cup of coffee came on the last day! If I would've found this place at the beginning I wouldn't have gone anywhere else.The staff was super nice, and you can tell the beans are fresh fresh fresh. The price of beans and drinks is super reasonable. This will my go-to every time I'm in town.
5	Very cozy spot to hang out at and enjoy your coffee. Friendly staff and reasonable prices. Lots of shaded outdoor seating. Free wifi and some indoor seating if you need to work on the laptop. Since it's a coffee shop I don't expect them to have a huge variety of food options. However it would be nice if they added hummus as an option for the bagels. Not only would this be vegan but a nice hearty and healthy option to cream cheese.
4	Incredible curb appeal for a coffee house and roaster.  Plenty of outdoor seating with style in mind.  I received very prompt and polite service on my visit, and enjoyed the fresh roasted beans a lot.  Really appreciate that they were dated so I know how long ago they were roasted, unlike some places that just want you to accept on faith when they say "they're all fresh".  Parking was a bit limited, or it was rather busy that day in the area, but this is a popular "downtown" sort of commercial area which is to be expected.
5	Wow. What a super chill place. Good coffee at a reasonable price. Very friendly service. And the best part of all: the outside seating is so relaxing and cozy. You almost feel like you're sitting on your own porch drinking your morning (or afternoon, for me) coffee. Free wifi and an abundance of places to plug your laptop in (even outside on the patio!!) make this the premier place to grab a coffee and chill for a bit. I don't live in AZ but I'm here on business enough to need a cool place to hang out; Bergie's is definitely that place.
5	This gem of a coffee house is nestled in downtown Gilbert. It has a large, wonderful patio with lots of places to sit in sun or shade and is filled with flowers. There is also indoor seating as well.I love riding my bike here with friends and enjoy sipping coffee, which is roasted on site. There are also yummy baked goods to nosh on if you're hungry. In addition to coffee, Bergies also offers a variety of tea and smoothies with or without protein. This is an idyllic spot to meet friends or curl up in one of the comfy chairs and read a book. Since there's Wi-Fi, telecommuters can also enjoy the atmosphere while working. Bergie's has live music & game nights on the weekends. From time to time they offer a coffee roasting 101 class too. It's simply a delightful oasis in the downtown Gilbert heritage area.
5	I love the Groves Blend Coffee! It's amazing!! I'm hooked, I love the smooth, rich, and enjoyable taste of it!Chill people and a great location!!
5	This is a really cute coffee shop, I love coming here for bible study. My friends and I sit outdoors, the patio area is beautiful and the misters make it bearable to sit out in this heat. The baristas were kind as well. I would come back here for sure.
4	This is a really cool little coffee house.  I decided to take my brother to Bergie's when he was in town because he loves spots like this.  It was extremely hot outside, so I decided to order a raspberry pomegranate iced tea and it hit the spot! My daughter ordered a fruit smoothie and loved it as well.  I will definitely return and try the coffee.  If it is as good as I'm hoping it will be, I just might need to change to five stars!
5	Visiting family & friends in AZ and needed some coffee since we didn't bring our beans with us. Found this place from the reviews on yelp and have gone back every morning to have some expertly brewed coffee. Nothing has been too sweet like some coffee drinks can be and you can actually taste the coffee and it's delicious! And the huge cookies aren't half bad either but I definitely recommend sharing with a friend since they're dense and filling!
5	This is by far, the best place to get your coffee and/or relax (sorry Dutch Bro. I almost love you as much). Great coffee, great atmosphere, great location. You just can't beat Bergies. #1-They sell organic/fair trade coffee. #2-They have a beautiful outdoor garden/patio where you can sit, drink, and relax. #3-They have almond milk!! #4-Friendly and great customer service. Jeff and I love coming here.
4	Very quaint coffee shop in downtown Gilbert..that looks like it belongs in a college town.  Lots of outdoor seating to relax after a bike ride.  I had a Nutella latte..which was quite nice.  Will definitely be back again.
5	Best coffee and atmosphere in Az. Found this place after moving here 4 years ago, and will be a lifelong customer. Try the Bruccee' or create your own flavor. They also have live music and trivia nights... awesome. They also do fundraisers.
5	I LOVE COFFEE! I didn't know of any local roasters until I found Bergie's online. I showed up and was interested in buying a bag of fresh roasted coffee. I was expecting a week old roast. It turned out to be roasted that same day! I also had a sample while there. They grinded the beans in an old school hand mill grinder and then brewed it in a pour over cup. Wow! I don't usually drink my coffee black but this cup was fantastic! Nicaraguan fair trade organic beans freshly roasted.....what a treat. I'll never buy big brand coffee from the store again as long as Bergies is around. Visit Bergies and you'll see what coffee is supposed to be like!
5	Just love coming to this friendly place. The atmosphere and workers are great! Love my black tea and organic decaf Peruvian coffee. So relaxing and comfortable.
5	Great Coffee! So many choices. also has that nice mom & pop feel with a HUGE patio. Dogs are welcomed. Great place to meet friends for a quick coffee & catch up!
5	Amazing ambiance for a coffee shop in Phoenix-metro. The patio is second to none 0 feels like a comfy backyard. Great views, too. Not mention this is the best coffee I've ever tasted (I got the Nicaraguan blend). I went there early on a Tuesday to get some coffee and study; beats any library or Starbucks for that matter. The baristas are knowledgeable and attentive. I was actually leaving when the owner (who brews all the coffee in house) stopped me and jokingly said "That's it? That wasn't 6-hours of studying!" I told him I would stay, but I didn't see any outlets to plug my laptop into. To which he brought me back inside and showed me where all the outlets were...the point is that he remembered me mentioning I was there to study like 3 hours before.My new favorite coffee spot.P.S. This is the first review I've ever written. I signed up for Yelp to write a review for Bergies.
5	Attention hipsters: this is the place to be for coffee. Was told that coffee is fresh and brewed in spot (isn't it always?) all I can say is that they offered really good customer service and the coffee was delicious. Used the 50% off coupon. The seating is nice too. Cool place
5	Love this place. We had a awesome night listening to the live music in the fun outdoor atmosphere. The band was well chosen. Chairs were comfy and set up in small groups of four, under hanging lights. Free WiFi is always nice. We had the Mojito Breeze peppermint green tea, it was so so. We will definitely go back to try different drinks and the pastries. Atnospere was a 10/10.
5	I love Bergies. Not only do they have great coffee but the patio area is so beautiful and relaxing.
5	Absolutely love this quaint little coffee shop!  I consider myself a bit of a coffee snob and I'm obsessed with their custom roasted whole bean coffee!  I think they have a deal buy 4 get one free so you should definitely go purchase a few different flavors :) you'll be glad you did!!
5	This is the place to go for coffee if you are in downtown Gilbert. Just go there on a nice day and sit in that yard with a cup and relax. Their coffee is really good and strong. The staff super friendly . really it is my favorite spot in this town.
4	Good spot to get a reasonably priced coffee. And their garden patio seating outside is super relaxing. While the garden directly overlooks the road, the plants and all the birds they attract help to minimize the noise of traffic. We'll probably come back here again more for the relaxed environment and feeling of retreat than for the coffee. It's good for the price, but not amazing.
5	Great atmosphere and the friendliest staff.  A warm environment and great place to just hang out and chill.  Oh, and the coffee is the best!  Roasted perfectly and super smooth, like velvet. Love it!
1	Coffee was decent at best you could tell it had been sitting there all day and wasn't really hot or even warm at all. Very disappointing considering first time going and new to town and wasn't impressed at all. Girls working were not very friendly either. Seemed more worried about looking at Facebook and checking out pictures with there friend that was sitting with them.
5	This is a gem in downtown Gilbert. Check it out.
5	This is a really cute little coffee shop with a fun, funky, laid back vibe and really good coffee (which they roast themselves) for pretty decent prices. We live probably an hour away from here, so we wouldn't drive that far just for the coffee, but if we are on this side of town we always make it a point to stop in and support this great little local business. We do enjoy the coffee shop itself, but also really like to buy their toasted beans and brew them at home too. If you have a coffee lover that you ever shop for, the shop also has some really cute merchandise for sale as well like the burlap coffee bags and things made from them.
4	Best coffee in Gilbert
4	I instantly give four stars to a place with my college nickname.Jokes aside, Bergie's Coffee Roast House is ADORABLE.The garden patio seating is plentiful, and the inside has a relaxed, homie vibe. I dropped in for an Americano after brunch at Liberty Market. The Baristas were the owners kids (found this out after asking them where the shop name came from). Seemed a little shy when interacting with customers. The Americano was strong, not bitter, and packed with caffeine - Wouldn't recommend this beverage if you're sensitive to caffeine in any way. Can't wait to come back for more coffee, and perhaps sneak off to get a little work done in the quiet environment. Well done, Bergie's . . . You've got yourself a new customer.
5	I stop in here after a few errands in the morning on Saturdays. Live music in the morning. It's small inside but I found my dirty chai taste so much better than at Starbucks. Everyone there so far has been very nice and friendly. I love the fact they offer various choices on your milk including almond milk. They have Starbucks on that one too. I am all about supporting local businesses. This is a great one. It's small inside so don't plan on hanging out inside unless you are a party of 1 or 2. But plenty of patio seating. They offer pastries but I haven't tried any yet. You can make a great morning out of it by getting your tea or coffee then heading over to the farmers market on Saturday mornings. Cheers!
5	Relaxing. That's the first word that comes to my mind when someone asks about Bergies. I come here to study when the weather is nice because the outdoor seating is amazing, especially in Gilbert. Even if it's sunny out, there are plenty of umbrellas and some indoor seating. Their coffee is amazing as well, but I always order their chai latte. I just prefer the drink over coffee. That's just me. But it still tastes excellent. I definitely recommend coming here to relax and get some work done if you have any. Or, reserve the place and hold a little private party in their beautiful like yard. Either way, can't go wrong with Bergies.
