5	I have done everything you can you to a body, power lifter as a kid, 24 of construction, literally thousands of miles of hiking and rock climbing. Christine always puts me back into shape so I can go out and do it again, Thanks Christine, you rock!
5	I found my home with Christine @ The Art of Touch!  Her new location matches her style of class and professionalism which immediately puts you at ease. Christine has a true talent to work out even the most tense muscles. I look forward watching her business grow at her beautiful new home!
5	I have some serious issues with my right shoulder, and while my chiropractor helps I still need the assistance of a deep tissue massage to make it feel better. I've been to a few different people for deep tissue and just can't seem to get someone that is serious about it; just not good enough, ya know? Then I met Christine and I'm never going anywhere else. Christine gives the most amazing deep tissue massage and I feel so much better! Not only is she great at what she does, but she's funny and the atmosphere is super relaxing. I've been disappointed by plenty of places, but I'm telling you right now; if you want a great massage call The Art of Touch.
5	My husband and I had a WONDERFUL experience with Christine and Tracy. They were extremely knowledgeable and helpful with our individual needs. The building is adorable, with tons of character, and we'll be making them a regular in our calendars! Definitely go!!!
5	I bought the living social deal for The Art of Touch and was really impressed!! It was easy to schedule an appointment, although you have to call and leave a message with some dates and times you are looking at but they will call you back and say which of those is available. Super friendly staff, cute "office", and magical hands. Tracy listened to what I wanted and totally delivered - my super tight shoulders have never been addressed by a massage therapist as well as Tracy did. I'm definitely going back!
5	I was worried at first because it was in an old small downtown home, but the inside is remodeled very modern with awesome art inside. Everyone was so nice and it was probably one of the best massages I have ever had. She made sure to tackle my problem area and gave lots of after massage advice.
5	My husband  and I have been going to see Christine and her team for a couple of months now. We started because of Chris's back problems but I wasn't going to let him have all the fun so I started getting my own massages soon after. Christine, Jessie and Tracy are awesome. They all have wonderful styles and take such great care of us. If you like some of the healing and energy work done they can do that, if you need therapy for specific issues they can do that (and work with your insurance company) and if you just want to pamper yourself cuz you deserve- well that is their favorite (or at least it is mine)!! I love the downtown/CenPho area and their space is one of the coolest I have seen. It is in the historical district and has a ultra modern loft style look inside. It really is an oasis if peace in the middle of the hectic world of downtown Phoenix. Love, love, love them and highly recommend everyone check them out!
5	My shoulder has been bothering me for a while and I've been procrastinating on getting back in. This morning (Saturday) Tracy was able to see me on short notice. I am so glad I went in! I've never been massaged by Tracy before and I'm happy to say I'll be seeing her again. She gives a fantastic deep tissue massage while being considerate and funny! For being such a small person she packs a big punch. Once again I highly recommend The Art of Touch. Thank you, Tracy, for putting me back in shape!
5	My girlfriend and I received two massages this week from The Art of Touch.  We were more than impressed.  I think we have found a new home for our massage therapy.  Cannot wait for my next appointment.
5	Love it!! the Art of Touch is such a cool place - the people are amazing, the Coe House is awesome (I want to move in) and you will walk out feeling stress free and relaxed. Tracy totally knows what she is doing - sometimes I complain about running injuries and she will tackle them with skill and professionalism, and I always feel great afterwards! thank you!! I'm already looking forward to my next appointment :)
5	I cannot say enough great things about the team at The Art of Touch. I started getting weekly massages from them because my half-marathon training was wrecking havoc on my body. Christine and Tracy went right to work to soothe my achy muscles. They're professional, courteous and will focus more attention on trouble spots, if you have them. I requested deep-tissue work, but I'm sure if you wanted a massage for relaxation purposes, they would do an equally great job. They're intuitive and really know how to make you feel comfortable. If I'm in a chatty mood, they'll keep the conversation going. Other times, if I want to relax and just enjoy the massage, they stay mum. I love their convenient downtown Phoenix location, which makes it super easy to swing by after work. (They're located in the historic Coe House on 4th Ave/Fillmore. Don't listen to people who say the area is shady, because it's not. There are people and cars and noise and traffic ... because you're in the CITY. It's not a scary neighborhood just because the homes and businesses aren't in new buildings.) They don't pressure or heckle you to book another appointment but I loved their services so much, I booked three more massages! Christine, who's the owner, is so awesome and gave me a deal that I couldn't refuse. If you are looking for a masseuse in the downtown/central Phoenix area and want to support a local business with affordable prices, this is the place.
5	I got a great full hour of treatment from Christine that hurt like hell (like it's supposed to) and now I feel like I can turn my head freely from side to side. Was I a bit stressed and tight? Yes, I think so. I'm better now.Take advantage of the Yelp deal while they still have it. This is a good massage.About the only criticism is that free parking is a bit tight. Usually some metered spots are available along 4th Avenue.
5	I found The Art of Touch through Yelp and took advantage of the $40 intro massage with Tracy.  She helped out a lot. The business is in a renovated house that has a great interior. Very friendly staff and I've gone back a month later.  Great massage!!
4	The fragrance in the building was strong for someone who is sensitive, but less so in the massage room. Tracy was excellent!  I especially like the the cushy table warmer and the face cradle that moves straight up for greater comfort.  I will definitely be going back.  Sheri
5	Being a massage junkie, I've experienced a wide variety of massage therapists and their techniques. The best advice I can give for clients is to find a massage therapist who is a "good match" for your needs. That's exactly what I did at the Art of Touch. My first massage experience with "T" was just okay. She did nothing wrong, except we were simply not a good match. I decided to try the Art of Touch again and this time it was with "C." Wow! I was so happy to have found her . . . my match. She was able to tailor the massage to my needs, which is not an easy task considering I have a roadmap on my back with knots planted in various locations. She listens and picks up on social cues quickly, which helps when you just want a massage in silence.Art of Touch has very reasonable prices for their massages, especially when you buy a package. The decor inside the Coe house is super cute. Most of all, I feel good supporting this business. "C" uses superb quality lotion, oil, and even has a heated massage table. I have been there at least 5 times now and never found difficulty with parking. If you are looking for a massage therapist, you need to look no further and book an appointment with the Art of Touch, as they have a variety of massage therapists that will suit your needs.
5	My husband and I snagged a great deal off Living Social and have been going back ever since. Both Tracy and Christine are wonderful. They're sweet and professional and the space is relaxing and inviting. My husband is incredibly picky when it comes to massage therapists and never really leaves a massage happy... until he met Christine. I think the words "best massage of my life" were used. No joke. And, they run an unbeatable and reasonably priced deal if you're willing to book a massage every month of so. Avoid the chain, support local and head down to The Art of Touch for a massage this weekend!
4	Found the Art of Touch last year through a Living Social/Groupon type deal and being a sports oriented person (Football through college and currently Olympic LIfting/Gymnastics) I had only had success with about 2 or 3 masseuses. I was pleased to have a really good massage. "C" was not shy about getting tough with my IT bands, shoulders ,etc. I've been back 3 times and try to get back when I can.  I find it to be affordable sports therapy and a good 45-60min massage.Any ex-athletes? I recommend!
5	I think I discovered The Art of Touch through Living Social.  I've been to several places around town, but none really made much of an impression to.  I think I've found a place to call home!  I've been there about four times since the deal ran during the holidays.  I've gotten massages from two different therapists and they were both great.  They have a soothing presence and they tailor your massage to your needs.  They also run very affordable loyalty specials for returning customers (such a bonus during a recession - they're worth far more, but it makes it easier to justify when you're strapped).  The setting is also adorable - a historic house with a modern twist.  It feels like hanging out in a friend's kitchen when you're waiting for your session.  I highly recommend!
5	I am all for supporting local business, especially when it's as good as you find at The Art of Touch!  I came here through a Living Social deal several months ago and keep coming back.  The location is cozy, the parking is ample, and the service beats any I've had since moving to Phoenix five years ago.  The massages are nothing short of spectacular and are tailored to the client's needs (my preference is deep tissue).  There have been many times following a massage where I've stumbled to my car in a complete state of euphoria!  What makes this place special is that the therapist's care goes well beyond your time on the table.  I have learned so much about my body and its response to stress.  Lucky for me, I now have a few tricks in my toolkit to help alleviate tension between appointments.  On a final note, prices are very affordable, especially if you purchase one of the package deals.  Go to The Art of Touch ... you won't be disappointed!
5	Getting a massage is a definite splurge for me, as it is not within my tight budge but I am so glad I spent my money here. It was worth every penny! I was given the best customer service and was treated like an appreciated client, not just another person getting a massage. The massage itself was wonderful, as the masseuse was very professional and truly listened to my long list of back problems. It was very relaxing, and I walked away feeling wonderful, especially because it didn't cost an arm and a leg. I am happy to have found The Art of Touch and can't wait to return!
5	So my wife bought their Yelp deal last week while her sister was in town and was so ecstatic about the experience. Christine was her her masseur and she had nothing but the best of compliments. She was very professional and knowledgeable about what areas to work and how to help relax. Felt very at ease with the friendly renovated decor of the retro'ed house. Very happy that its a local downtown business as well. We actually visited a chain last night and no where near the same experience (even though its the same price point). I decided to jump on the Yelp deal today and will be scheduling soon.
5	I bought the Living Social Deal (along with MANY others) and was excited to get in for a 90 minute massage with Christine. The space is a really special downtown location that might not look like much from the outside, but is gorgeous inside. Before starting, Christine asked questions about the type of pressure I was comfortable with and my problem areas.  During the massage, we chatted quite a bit, but I definitely got the feeling that I was in control of this and had I stopped yammering on....it would have been quiet to fit my preferences. In order to keep people coming back, they also offer deals similar to the LS deal (and have a check-in incentive on Yelp).  Paperless/Google Calendar appointments are a major plus.I'll be back!
5	I found The Art of Touch through my friend Lisa who happens to work there - well what a find! The space is in downtown Phoenix and incredibly charming with a very zen and cool funky vibe! Christine, Lisa and Tracy are absolutely the best professional masseuses in the Valley! I've been lucky to have several massages from each and they are so attentive and thorough - an incredible treat every single time! I cannot say enough good things about this place! Highly recommend! Take advantage of the Yelp and Living Social deals!
5	I am so thankful to have found the Art of Touch. Christine is so friendly, such positive energy, and amazing knowledge for the healing I am seeking. I live in Chandler and this will be a place that I will drive too anytime. I look forward to getting a set plan in place. She does not mess around. If you need healing, she is the place! Don't miss out! Btw, neatest office space and atmosphere ever!
5	I first tried Art of Touch through a living social ad and boy am I glad I did! I swear the massage therapists are miracle workers. Run down and make an appt ASAP! You'll be glad you did.
5	Hey, it's been a few visits since my update. I can tell you that Christine has continued to outperform expectations, and others I've sent her way have confirmed it by becoming regulars themselves.One appreciated feature: Art of Touch is entirely cyber-inter-connected. So you can make appointments via email (you are sent a Google calendar invite to confirm when you set it up) and get your receipts that way, as well. Thumbs up.
5	Amazing! very serene surrounds and an incredible massage, possibly best I've ever had. I'd recommend them to anyone and everyone, I also plan to go back for certain.
5	One word...amazing! The staff is extremely professional, nice and super caring.
5	Christine is amazing! I wish I could give her more stars than just 5! Going to Art of Touch is like hanging out with a close friend, and getting pampered at a spa, all rolled into one! First off, Christine is the sweetest person on earth. She's super-professional, always asks how I'm doing and remembers what we talked about last time she saw me, and she's very intuitive about how to help me relax, and how to work out my tough spots. She consistently gives me the best massages I've received anywhere, even compared to $100+ massages at resorts in Scottsdale!Her prices are totally reasonable, and she often does Groupon deals, so watch for those if you want to try a massage for super-cheap. Although she doesn't take insurance, if you also need a chiropractor and see the chiropractor (Dr. Bustamante) in her office, you can go through insurance and pay for the adjustment and massage all at once, even with an HSA card if you want to. Highly recommend!
5	I stopped in Phoenix towards the end of a solo road trip to California, which beat up my body more than a little, as it turned out. After an hour at the Art of Touch, I was all better, mind and body. Christine is a massage pro and a lovely human being, careful to evaluate what's specifically going on with you, and works to your needs. She's intuitive and makes it her job, obviously, to make this a good experience for you.  The space is calm and beautiful, too. A massage from her made the last leg of my trip entirely bearable (physically, anyway.) If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular customer. If you do, you're lucky you can be.
5	For a few years now Christine (and Dr. Natalie Bustamante at Soleil Chiropractic!) has been able to keep my husband and I strong, healthy and balanced despite the challenges our bodies throw at them regularly.  We are very busy, active people with zero tolerance for less than stellar service, and expect our care team to be best in class.At The Art of Touch, we consistently experience the highest level of professionalism,  our therapists' knowledge and skill are at the level of  a sports med office yet we feel like we are in a spa, and we appreciate a team who is uncompromising when it comes to giving ALL of their clients get the care they NEED...not just a "one massage fits all" approach like so many other places.Christine and Team - keep up the great work. You help keep these bodies - and therefore our spirits - going!
5	I tried Art of Touch because of groupon, and I'm glad I did. Best massage ever! Both times I went I had Nicole. I was shocked that she remembered me and what pressure I preferred the second time I came in. The atmospheres always super relaxing, they don't use crazy strong smelling products and I leave in a good relaxed mood regardless of how I arrived. I'm definitely going to be a regular here.
5	I have seen Tracy at The Art of Touch quite a few times. She is incredible!  I've been a hairstylist for 16 years which takes a toll on the body. After an hour of Tracy's magic, I feel like Stretch Armstrong. She will take the time to discuss what areas need special attention and fixes them right up. Do yourself and your body a favor and go see Tracy!
5	The Art of Touch is wonderful! I've had massages from Tracy and Christine and both exceeded my expectations! I can recommend them for regular and prenatal massages as both have been great. My whole family is now going to The Art of Touch and I plan on returning!
1	I had 2 groupons. They canceled the second when I missed the first appt because it was in wrong time zone. I called and said it was my fault.  No exceptions they say. It is my fault.  But I think it's bad business. I can't even reschedule because of the expiration date.  I think their groupon is a money making scam.  They have plenty of business so I guess they can be shrewd. I'd never want to give my business or recommend anyone like that.
5	I bought two groupons for The Art of Touch both for 60 minute massages, one for my boyfriend and one for myself. They don't have they're own parking lot because they are situated in a really small, cute historical home. They tell you to park a few houses down at another business so parking is no hassle. The receiving area of the place is very modern. We were greeted, and assisted immediately. We came a little early, but they took us in for our massages right at the appointed time. The room was very relaxing, there were no overwhelming perfumes which was fantastic and it wasn't freezing cold either. My massage therapist's name was Tracy, she was very friendly, attentive and quite informative. She talked about how certain aches and pains can have bigger underlying issues. She also informed me of what I could to help fix these problems.  The massage was definitely worth every penny. My boyfriend also loved his massage and had nothing but great things to say about his massage therapist. The groupon was a great deal and I will for sure go here again when it is well with in my budget, I personally think the regular price is up there(correct me if I am wrong though :-) ), but then again you're paying for quality service! Overall, amazing environment and fantastic service. It's worth trying, even just once.
5	One word. Amazing! OK, maybe a few more...I also used a Groupon and have to say, I am so glad I bought them both for me! I am a native and appreciate the fact they they turned an historical home into an amazing massage studio.  I actually felt my body relax the minute I walked in.  Tracy did my massage and it was the best, ever!  She (and the rest of the staff!) took the time to talk to me and I walked away feeling like they truly cared about me and my well being. I wish I could give them more stars. And no one asked me to do this review.  I think it is important that you know these are words straight from the heart! Please try them and support our local businesses.  It is worth every penny.  I promise!
5	I wish I could give this place 10 stars!  What an amazing experience!  The location is easy to find, parking was very easy, and the ambience was calming.  I was able to get an appointment easily, too.  The people are very caring and very interested in exceeding your expectations and needs. Catherine was an amazing therapist and really paid attention to my needs. I will recommend this place to anyone in the Phoenix area or if you're just visiting!
5	Omigod what would I do without Christine?! I see Christine every single month to treat my chronic back pain and I really don't know where I'd be without her. I've been seeing her for years now and not only is she intuitive about exactly where the source of my pain is, she also understands just how much pressure I need. Christine is a very talented massage therapist and also the most funny, positive and energetic person you will meet. When I have an appointment scheduled with her, it's the highlight of my week... legitimately! When's the last time you've been able to say that about a doctor's appointment? She not only sets my back straight, but she brightens up my whole week! Highly recommend!
5	I have been to this place three times, had three different masseuses and three great experiences. Don't be fooled by the outside appearance; this place is amazing inside and their staff is wonderful. I just booked my 4th massage!
5	This place is perfect. It feels like community. Tracy is the best thing since sliced bread. Everyone that works here is so nice and welcoming. Tracy is a miracle worker. Sort of like Miracle Max from the Princess Bride, only different. Ahhhhh I'm relaxed, rejuvenated, muscles don't hate me anymore. She got rid of all my brain pain. I will never go anywhere else. I promise...PeaceSignedThe Sarcastic Truth Villain.
