5	Got You Covered was able to fit in a small community college graduation party at the last minute.  Eric was conscientious of asking how to get his equipment into the venue without disturbing surrounding guests and even came loaded down with theme materials for our decorations.  Our party was very very small and did not take advantage of all the great ideas I am sure he had.  However he matched the music to the guests and helped out by taking group photos for us.  I would definitely use his services again.
5	As the name of this company suggests, they really do "got you covered" with all of your entertainment needs.  Eric was easy to work with and went above and beyond to make sure my needs were met when I used them to provide some unique entertainment at an event I recently planned.Eric and his staff are professional, friendly, and experienced... they offer all kinds of services from live musicians, magicians, photographers, entertainers including fire dancers and breathers, and much more.If you are looking for a special touch for your event or party, give these guys a call...
5	A one-stop entertainment shop!Rather than hunting down several different companies to handle the company holiday party, Got You Covered took care of that for me. Eric was super helpful and worked with me on budgets and timing for the event. For our event we got Jimbo, a balloon artist and magician; JJ, a sketch artist; and Dora, the fortune teller.Jimbo was awesome! He showed up with Santa's sleigh made of balloons and a reindeer hat. He worked the crowd and definitely had people chasing him around all night for special requests. I would definitely recommend him for your shows. JJ was great. Everyone enjoyed getting their sketches done and having a fun take-away from the party. However, most everyone though their sketch didn't really look like them.Dora was a hit or miss. Some people thought she was spot on with her palm/tarot card readings. Others thought she was way off the mark. I guess that's expected with readings though.  Overall, my impression of Got You Covered was great. I would use them again and recommend using them again for all your events, large or small.
5	Hire Them!  It will be the best decision you make for a wedding.  I was complimented on the music so many times at ours.  Eric, our DJ, went above and beyond the standard role of a typical "DJ" and assured the procession, entrance, speeches, etc. went seamlessly.  The standard of professionalism was unsurpassed.  Eric is also so much fun and personable, someone you want there.  Everyone was dancing all night.....everyone.  Eric provided wireless microphones for the ceremony and reception.  We also rented lighting from his company.  It was much less expensive than hiring any other lightcompanies and looked amazing (fuchsia), they offer all colors.  I have a friend who has since booked them for her wedding.  "Got You Covered" is any event planners dream.  Hire them, and if he is available, get Eric!
4	Got You Covered was our one stop shop for our wedding. They provided all the services and music that we were looking for on our special day. We reserved the string trio for our ceremony, mariachis for the cocktail hour, and Oscar as our DJ for the dinner and reception. We began our experience with Eric, who answered all of our questions and was extremely professional. He had everything organized into worksheets and folders, which really helped. We met with Oscar a few months later and worked with him to discuss our preferences and work out a playlist. Oscar assured us that he would be working hard to coordinate our special day, ensure everyone was in their places, and that the guests had a great time. It was hard to get a hold of Oscar at times leading up to the wedding, but Oscar definitely lived up to his promises. He was great at checking in with us to make sure things were going as we wanted and everything went very smoothly. We worked with the string trio to form our ceremony playlist and they were incredibly friendly and helpful. Our guests loved the mariachis too. Oscar also provided up-lighting and a projector and screen for our photo slideshow during dinner. These items were reasonably priced compared to what our venue was offering and they added a wonderful touch to our ballroom.
5	Eric was great at our wedding! He met with us and helped us create the music for our ceremony and reception. He confirmed everything a few days prior and was very organized! He put up with my last minute changes the day of and was very creative in jump starting the dance floor when it needed a pick me up. He also made us 2 cd's with all the special songs from our day! I really appreciated this touch! I would recommend him to a friend for sure!
5	Eric was simply awesome! When starting to look for DJs, we both dreaded this part of the wedding preparation because we simply are not fond of the DJs who are there to run their own show. Don't get us wrong, we understand that a DJ is there to keep the party going, and make sure everything remains on time. We feel DJs do not need to have the last word on everything. Eric and Mike went above and beyond meeting our expectations and requests! They kept everything on time, and had the dance floor packed.  Our family and friends ranged from an older generation from the East Coast to young West Coast Groovers, with Conservative to Liberal views, and cultures from Christian to Jewish - Got You Covered had everyone up dancing, and enjoying the evening.  We had so many compliments from our guests that they enjoyed the evening and could not wait for us to have another party!
5	Jon "had us covered" for my engagement party last Saturday night!It was a blast and the music was exactly how I had planned for it to be. Jon kept the ambience going and I got a lot of compliments on how great the music was and how fun the evening was.Will definitely recommend this company :)
2	First off, this company is very professional and organized so you feel like you're in really good hands.... but I'm not sure I'd recommend them as a vendor. Eric DJ'ed my wedding, and he was super pleasant in person and very professional, but honestly, we were disappointed with the overall outcome.  If you don't have too many opinions about music and are perfectly happy with top 40, then you may be happy with this vendor, but my husband and I worked on a very detailed list of songs and Eric only played about 1/4 of the songs we requested. I feel like we got YESSED to death with regards to our personal style and taste in music, and then in the end he disregarded everything we said and played what he wanted to hear instead of what we specified.
5	We used this company for our wedding reception.  I was nervous about working with a DJ.  I didn't know how to prepare or what to look for, but they had done my best friend's wedding which turned out great.  These guys are so professional they make the process so easy and end up with a great experience!  Our DJ, Rachel, was able to read our environment and guests and was so appropriate and a ton of fun.  Even my parents, who never ever dance, were dancing the night away!
5	We told the sales rep. what we were looking for in a DJ and she delivered. The DJ took time to got to know us before our wedding and make sure our preferences were met. Our DJ who mixed up the music with games to keep the reception fun for all.
5	Rob was so fabulous to work with! He was on time, prepared, friendly, and got everyone on the dancefloor in a flash of an eye and kept the party going all night!It is so nice as a planner to work with dependable vendors who help make the night run smoothly and Rob did just that.We would be thrilled to work with him, or his company again! Cant recommend him enough as a DJ. Thanks Rob!-The Sip and Twirl team
5	I cannot say enough good things about this company and our DJ, Rachel. From the second I reached out to them online to the last dance at our wedding, this company had our music needs handled. Eric worked with me for weeks to find the right combination of DJ and live band. In the end, we decided to go with a DJ only and Rachel was amazing! She did such a great job at judging the crowd (200 guests!) while still using the recommendations I sent in a Spotify playlist.
