5	I believe like anyone else that with plumbers you really never know what you're going to get and most of the time you'll feel ripped off. I had an hot water issue (hot water heater blew) and was weary of using previous plumbers (Scottsdale Plumbing and Parker and Sons).  I used servicemagic for some names and received  a few calls. I went with Moon Valley because they had great recommendations and most importantly after having already gotten a quote with a plumber (American Dream which seems to have a lot of positive reviews here but mostly for AC issues). I was charged a $69 service fee, which is basically what you can expect but was also quoted nearly $1300. The dispatcher had spoken about a $30 coupon, which the service guy acknowledged but apparently that would only apply after I chose them (how convenient!).What made the difference is that Moon Valley comes to you without a service fee (very important in my opinion).  Therefore even though Moon Valley was not the least expensive quote I received I still feel happy that I "saved" over $500 dollars by going with them. If you add in the fact that other quotes were within $50-100 but included a service fee I can definitely recommend Moon Valley. They came on site prepared with a water heater and had the work done within the hour.
5	I'm a Realtor in the Phoenix Arizona area. In a transaction, a house my client was purchasing needed some pretty substantial  plumbing fixes to make the house livable. I tried other lumbers who were unable to come up with a timely or accurate quote. Finally my client discovered Moon Valley Plumbing. Travis was able to meet us at the house in a half hour after he was called. He took the time to climb the attic with me and worked up an accurate and reasonable quote on the spot. Due to the nature of the closing we had to time the work until just after closing. His crew got the job done in one day at a minimal impact to my client. He also exceeded the scope of work originally agreed to, and still came in $100 under bid. Days later we identified another issue. They were out there the next day, knocked out the new problem and again, tried to minimize the impact to my client. I plan to use Moon Valley Plumbing for my future properties and when the time comes my own home. I can't say it more, these guys are awesome.
5	Every time I have used Moon Valley (repeat customer) they have gone above and beyond the call of duty. EXCELLENT customer service and satisfaction!! Prompt, fast, courteous and very reasonably priced. I recommend them highly to everyone I know needing plumbing services!!
5	Absolutely a honest to goodness plumbing business. I am in real estate and closed on a home last week. The buyers called me this week to report their plumbing backed up and of course they were distraught because they were just quoted $2,500 from another plumber. I sent out two different plumbers and called three more w/ the prognosis from the other plumbers. With the exception of Moon Valley, all the other plumbers quoted $2K to $3K in repair work. Guess what? Moon Valley charged my clients $600 for the work. They had tree root in the pipe causing it to break/collapse. They knew my clients had a budget of $2K and didn't take advantage of them at all. Guess what else? I just sent your name and number out to my entire real estate office. Your honesty will be rewarded! Thank you!
5	I have been using Moon Valley Plumbing for several years now.  They always come to the rescue and do a great job!  Randall came out to fix the toilet in my master bathroom and my garbage disposal.  The toilet needed a new mechanism inside the tank (it would run continuously - I am scared to look at my next water bill) and when I tried to shut off the water to the toilet, the valve handle broke off! LOL!  I just turned off the water to the house until the next day when Moon Valley could rescue me.  Randall came out immediately in the morning.  He is so professional and friendly and kind.  He fixed my toilet and also found a little black rubber cylinder that had somehow made its way down into my garbage disposal, and shop vacuumed out the disposal.  Now everything works as good as new!  Thanks Moon Valley Plumbing for always taking such good care of me!  I always know I can depend on you to do a great job and to charge me a decent price.
5	If you want to save money on your plumbing job, hands down, this company is most reasonably priced. I got 4 quotes, $10000, $4500, $2900 and then finally Moon Valley did the job for $1000. Ask for Daniel (Dan). Very professional and did a thorough job. A small company that gives personalized affordable service. Very punctual too. Thank you Daniel
5	Today we needed major plumbing work done. Our home had sprung a leak underneath the slab. Travis and his team had to not only find the leak, but then reroute the plumbing. They were fast, efficient, and above all honest and cost effective. We will HIGHLY recommend them to all our friends and family. To find a company such as this in this day and age is truly a unique fine. They will always be our go too plumber and feel so blessed to have found such a rare fine.... Thank You Moon Valley... Jan and Rainer Rey... Anthem, AZ
