2	Eh. My wife and I were really excited for the grand opening of this place. Unfortunately, it looked like it had been open for a year when we walked in the door.The bathroom was absolutely atrocious, with plenty more than a days worth of trash, and a half empty bottom-dollar bottle of soap.We walked in the door at 6:45, ordered water and looked over the menu. We saw they had happy hour prices, but no times listed. We asked when HH was, and the waitress said it was 3 PM -7PM, and that we just missed it. I pulled out my phone to show a time of 6:58, and she said no. REALLY?! That's grand opening service?!We forced ourselves to order two rolls, as this place is literally a 30 second walk from our house, and we had to see if the food was worth it. We went with the Caterpillar and Las Vegas rolls, two staples of our usual sushi diets.The sushi was fresh, although made quite sloppy. They served both on the same plate, with way too many sauces and toppings flung about the plate. Mind you, there were three other tables occupied, and all were already eating. For some reason, overly sweet, candied macadamia nuts are a topping for all rolls... Weird.After our two rolls, we paid our bill and drove down the street to our old favorite, Kaneya Sushi.We are very disappointed to not have a sushi haven within walking distance, but when a restaurant starts off by upholding policy over service, and pisses off the neighborhood, they won't be there long.
1	I went to this Sushi bar because I wanted to try a new place that was near my house. The experience was terrible. I first walked in and there was nobody to greet us so I picked up menu to start looking at it. A man that worked there came to me and said "can you give me a few minutes" Very rude the way he said this, I asked how long is the wait?,  he said "five minutes", so i sat and waited on the bench next to customer that also was very upset about the wait. Another couple came in and got greet by a waitress and was told they could sit at any table right away, I immediately mentioned that we were told we had to wait, why can they sit right down, she immediately tried to fix the issue and also sat us. When we sat down finally, the table next to us were also complaining about the service to the waitress. By the way the waitress was the only employee who had a sense of urgency and you could see she was trying to her best to accommodate everyone. Overall the service was terrible, certainly not customer focus, especially for a new restaurant trying to build a customer base. The interesting thing about this experience was the man that was very rude to us and demonstrating by his actions that he didn't care happened to be the owner. My prediction is this restaurant will be out of business in a few months if this owner doesn't figure out how to treat customers.
4	Since I live pretty close by and I've been to most of the sushi places in the area, I thought I'd pop in and give M sushi bar a try.  The place just opened up a week or two ago, so they are still figuring out the logistics.  The ambiance is really nice, its not fancy and its not a big restaurant; but it is well thought out.  I liked the Japanese paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling.  The service wasn't great; they only had one girl that was acting as the hostess, waitress, and busser for the whole place when we came in.  A second waitress came in later before we left. But because the place is new and they're still figuring things out; I'm willing to give them a pass on the service considering it was just her and she was running around all over the place.  *FYI: their liquor license hasn't come in yet, so you can't get an alcoholic drink there for at least a couple weeks.  The food was pretty good.  The sushi chefs were nice, and the fish was a pretty good quality.  The rolls are reasonably priced compared to the other places in this area, and the chicken cutlet dinner entree was tasty.  I'm a bit picky about my sushi, especially the quality of the fish; and M's is some of the better fish in the area.  I didn't notice any problems with the bathroom like one of the previous reviewers.  All in all it is a nice restaurant and well worth checking out if you are in the mood for some Japanese food.  I will definitely come back to try it out again, but I plan on waiting a few weeks until they get their liquor license and they get a few more staff.
5	This is now my new favorite for sushi! I have been here twice and I almost did not go because a couple bad reviews. I am happy I tried it. The rolls are so good that after the first time I went I was craving the rolls so I had to go back. I have had the asu roll, las Vegas roll, a baked samon roll, seaweed salad, bento box with chicken, tempura and other things. Every single item was fantastic! The places nicely decorated and very clean. Now the bad, they need more staff and the owner needs to treat the staff better. I believe that when someone is trying, even if they are not perfect, they should not be disciplined, especially in public. They are working out the kinks and getting a customer base and rep. I would advise, go there, enjoy he food and look past the minor issues they are ironing out.  Also their happy hour is cheaper than any sushi place I have seen, basically half price! I believe those hours are m-f 3-7.
5	New favorite Sushi place.  Fresh fish, good portions and great prices.  I love the Tusy roll.  It is fairly new, so there was a few hiccups with the service but that did not detract from the quality of the food.  Very friendly staff,  makes this place well worth the minor issues they are still trying to work out.  Try the dynamite, spider, asu, vegas and Maui rolls.  Vegas and Maui were on Happy Hour with an unbeatable price.  You will not see a Vegas roll like this one with 3 different kinds of fresh fish (salmon, tuna and yellowtail) and no cream cheese.  It was awsome.Keeping my fingers crossed for good Happy Hour Sake Bombers once they get their Liquor license!
4	NO LIQUOR LICENSE YET! Really, nobody mentioned this? The place looks cute, the menu looks great, but we decided to leave and return when we can enjoy some sake with our sushi. If cocktails are part of your night-out plan, I recommend calling ahead to see if they're serving.
5	I got to say I didn't expect tis place to be awesome but it was!  The rolls were amazing as well as the squid salad.  I recommend the ASU, tusy, or spider roll.
3	I got the groupon and had to try M Sushi since it's right down the street from my house.  I lived in the Bay Area for 5 years before moving to AZ, so I know good sushi.  Here's the good part:1. The food is delicious and the sushi is fresh.  The sushi quality is comparable to Yen sushi down the street, without the long waits.2. They have pictures of their rolls.  Seriously, helps you figure out what you want to eat in a flash!3. It's relatively inexpensive.  The special rolls are about $10-13 each.The BAD:I love food and I usually ignore bad service if the food is good.  At M Sushi, the food is 5 star, but the service is probably 1 star.  They had 2 waitresses.  The first waitress didn't speak English very well and got everyone's order confused.  The second waitress pretty much hated everyone.  She did not make eye contact, didn't say anything to us even though she plainly spoke English, and generally hated all customers.My boyfriend and I order 4 rolls, but ended up leaving after the last roll never came out.  The total wait time for the food was about 1.5 hours.  We can usually get in and out of a sushi restaurant in about 45-50 minutes.
5	I wasn't looking for much by way of service, considering the newness of the place and the past reviews, but I think the food is much more important, anyway. I was very pleasantly surprised by the service, though, and M Sushi didn't disappoint on the food front either. The sushi was super-fresh and creative. I can't say much for the cooked items (gyoza/beef teriyaki), though. They were eh...not good, but not bad. On the other hand, I don't go to sushi restaurants for the cooked stuff :-)
5	Benny, the owner has created a wonderful oasis in the desert with M Sushi bar. The service, food and staff all are top notch! Took my boy there for after graduation dinner with his pops and it was off the hook, Literally! Lol... Fish was super fresh and delicious. Kim, the sushi chef, is a great guy and made us some delicious dishes, one after the other. We highly recommend the M!
5	I started pharmacy school at Midwestern just up the street and saw there was a Groupon for this place so of course I bought it and stopped in one day during lunch. The interior was lovely and the server, who I'm kind of assuming was the owner, was really nice and attentive. It wasn't busy at all when I went in with a friend around noon. I like that the sushi menu had pictures and descriptions of all their special rolls, which are all decently priced compared to other sushi places I've been to in town (same goes for happy hour). I feel like they also put in more effort when it comes to plating, which isn't entirely important to me just as long as my food doesn't come out looking gross, but it was something I noticed. Sushi quality was good, and that's always what matters at a sushi place, right?I know I'll probably be eating here on occasion during my time on campus these next couple years.
3	The sashimi was great, however the spider roll didn't seem to be made fresh, the other rolls also were falling apart because the rice wasn't made properly.   the service was fast and very friendly.
1	Clean restaurant and food was good.I was enjoying my dinner.The server bring my order(Ikura,Salmon roe) spoiled my evening."Do you eat this? Yak! I can not believe it!"Yes,she was serving my food with this comment.I will not go back there when she is serving.
4	Shhhh  Come closer,  I have to tell you something.  I think I have found a good Sushi place. I am keeping my fingers crossed.  Sitting in a strip mall is a new No Pho gem.   M Sushi has a great little sushi bar and some interesting sushi to try out. The staff was helpful and quick where it counts--getting me my Sushi.... My experience with them was great  and I am more than willing to go back and try again.
5	We have have been here a few times, both service and food has been great. the rolls are always fresh and the smoked salmon is awesome. We have enjoyed everything that we have tried so far.
3	Surprise! Surprise! There is such thing as a good Japanese/Sushi restaurant in the desert! hehe They have some pretty good selection of rolls on the menu, but I decided on the Orange Blossom roll (tuna on the inside and topped with salmon) - pretty good - also tried a piece of the Tusy roll that my bf ordered...which was yellowtail inside and topped with tuna and eel - pretty good too. The mackerel sushi was good and so was the spicy scallop sushi.The food was good but the only problem is that it took forever to come out.....I mean it wasn't like they were super busy either....we were the biggest party in the restaurant among about 5 other smaller 2-person party....and it took my food about 10 minutes after all other people's roll and food came out....the mackerel took the longest and it should have been pretty simple.The service was eh...seemed like one waitress for the entire restaurant....okay maybe two but I only saw her carrying everything to the tables. She's was friendly and nice but yeah complaint is the food comes out pretty darn slow. Parking is super easy since it's located inside a plaza that doesn't have much stores. Overall I guess this is a pretty decent sushi restaurant to go to around Glendale...however I must say their sushi (2pc), handrolls and Sashmi are pretty pricey for a a-okay sushi bar.
4	A sleekish, low-lit  interior, an oddball mix of music (novelty country / top 40 pop / trance...?), and a menu with pictures; strangely, it works.All of M's specialty sushi rolls have detailed descriptions and pics- handy for those crazy concoctions where the name 'Coo-coo Plaid Roll' isn't really illustrative. There's not really a 'Coo-coo Plaid Roll', I made that up, but you get the point. We started with the 'M Roll', which is a bells and whistles, everything-but-the-kitchen-sink type of sushi roll with tempura shrimp, spicy mayo crab mix, eel sauce, cucumber, macadamia nuts, bonito flakes, and roe. The hubby wondered if they got a screaming deal on macadamia nuts, because they seemed to be on EVERYTHING.The majority of the house rolls appear to be fried, baked, inside-out or upside-down, but there are plenty of classic rolls and sashimi for diners who prefer more traditional offerings. We ordered the sashimi sampler: red snapper, mackerel, tuna, and salmon. It was fresh and delicious. Request the fresh wasabi with your sashimi - its bright spicy bite is the perfect complement to raw fish.We also tried the M Peppers, fresh jalapenos stuffed with crab meat (no 'k'!), and cream cheese. Haute cuisine? Methinks no, but they sure were tasty little scoundrels.Prices were reasonable, and it looks like they regularly offer discounts through Groupon and Restaurant.com, so try a search before you go. I will definitely return to explore more of their specialty rolls and see what sashimi the chef has in store.
3	They feature mostly rolls and a good amount of them are fried varieties. We weren't sure if they had sushi until we asked about it and then they gave us a sushi order sheet. We ordered one roll and the one plate that had 10 pieces of assorted sushi. I say the sushi was good and fresh the way it should be and I SO WANT to give four stars but if I'm totally being honest I can't give four stars because of the roll. I ordered the roll with yellowtail stuffed with spicy tuna. When I saw the roll I thought it might be the best one I had in a while because the tuna didn't look all mayonnaise up like many other places do. The yellowtail on top was very good but the tuna was off and I couldn't eat the tuna. It wasn't just me being sensitive I asked my husband to try it and he confirmed the tuna was off because it wasn't like the tuna he had on his plate. To eat the roll I had to unwrap it and remove the tuna and I rerolled it back up. I will say the roll was rolled nice and the rice seemed fresh and was seasoned nice but also the spicy was missing. I was sort of impressed with the the quarter inch of rice layer the sushi maker did on the roll, that was good not to heavy but for my taste they did however sauce the roll up too much.The people here really are pretty darn nice but nobody noticed I pulled out all the tuna from the roll.In conclusion for me this is middle of the road sushi, not high end but better than like buffet sushi and maybe a neighborhood gem. You should put M Sushi on your rotation if you live nearby to see what you think but I wouldn't travel far to come here.
4	A Groupon deal made this a really good value. I thought the portions and quality made the regular price at least fair. On my second vist, the portions were a little smaller. I think the non Japonese sushi chef is a little less skilled and a little less gernerous. Overall, I am happy to report a good experience.
4	Been on the hunt for great premium sushi rolls. I like the happy hour. ASU roll is good. Lots of sauces on the rolls, close to Mikuni's out of Sacramento, they just don't have the selection compared to Mikuni's. They are doing 1.99 draft coors light or 2.99 draft blue moons, I think from 4 to 6 on weekdays. Been here twice and will keep coming back.
4	We had a Groupon for this place so decided to give it a try. It was a great experience and we will be back. Lots of original rolls to choose from. The service was great and so was the atmosphere. We had the Midwestern, Lobster, and Golden California Rolls. All were great but the Lobster Roll was amazing! Can't wait to go back and have it again plus try some of the other rolls!
4	M is quite good.  The wife and I came hear after a long day in the heat and it was the perfect end to the day.  It's a mix of sushi bar and sports bar.We had two rolls: the ASU and the Orange Blossom.  Both were very good!  We asked the chef for his recommendation on Nigiri and everything was even better.  That Albacore Tuna was amazing.Four thumbs up!  (The wife too.)
4	I really liked this little sushi bar! Great location off the 101 and 59th to meet up with friends. Prices are better too!I ordered the Tusy and the Sexy Mama special rolls. My friend ordered the Dynamite and the Checker Board. All were very good with generous amounts of fish. My favorite was the Sexy Mama because of the spicy tuna. It was delicious! The Tusy was shrimp tempura, tuna, salmon and eel. If you like a little more richness in your sushi the Dynamite is the way to go. It's served warm, which I'm not huge fan but it was still tasty. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars was because service was really slow for only having three or so tables. I had to flag her down a couple of times, just to get a drink.
1	Ok, so I've been here quite a few more times since my early review. My wife and I have committed that we are going to let our dollars do our talking for us, and we will not be spending any more of it here.The staff has improved. The sushi chefs, Christopher and An are friendly and helpful, and great artisans. If you do go in, just hope you get a blonde waitress. There are a few, but those are the only good ones. M Sushi has inspired my wife and I to open a sushi restaurant; apparently anyone can do it. The husband and wife owners have not a clue about service. The wife waits tables and SHE IS HORRIBLE. To the wife - YOU ARE RUDE. You areKilling your business. STAY OUT. The husband is usually standing around cluelessly. Standards have already fallen, and it is all so up in the air there. My last visit, I literally apologized to the waitress for the pure fact that half the staff is so good, but there is no way this restaurant will make it.A few select items from the past few trips.Used $10 for $20 Yelp Deal, owner couldnt understand that he was supposed to take $20 off my bill, tried just taking $10. (face-palm)Ordered Monkey Pop (deep fried mushrooms stuffed with crab). It came out with the sushi, and the inside was STONE COLD raw mushroom with half-warmed crab. Explained and returned to male waitress. Brought out second tray with the exact same thing. Explained again how DISGUSTING it was, and he argued with me, saying "we get wild mushrooms, they're already cooked." WHAT?!?!?Two nights later, we have 6 people with us and unfortunately got the wife waitress. We placed a $75 sushi/drink order and my wife and I asked for sake bombs like we always get. She asked whether we wanted Kirin or Kirin Light. We said Asahi. She said that was not part of the sake bomb special. I explained we ALWAYS got it and JUST DID 2 days ago. She refused and said so kirin? I argued with her about 2 minutes before she said "well your not supposed to but this one time I'll allowIt." Cmon, lady.Lastly, we went there tonight and got our usual sake bomb (waitress had no problem with asahi), las vegas, oishi, and crunch. Sake shot glass had lipstick all over it (disgusting) and beer glass had a hair in it (bleh). Waitress was nice enough to comp the sake bomb, but when i asked for a manager, she told me the wife was the only person there in charge. I told the waitress what a nasty person she is, and that I would be fine.I give up on this place, and I feel bad for the employees of this terribly run restaurant. They are good employees who deserve a competent management team.To the owners: Let me know when you get a professional manager on staff. You will see a world of difference in your business, and so will tour customers. We, the customers, represent your lifeblood. You are not taking care of them.These transactions above represent about 10 days. That is nearly $150 in 10 days that you have lost.
5	while eating my fro yo I was checking out the groupon app on my phone. I was ready for lunch and there was a sushi place 1 mile away offering a Groupon. $10 for a $20 Groupon.  So I got the groupon and drove to M Sushi Bar which was literally on the same street as the fro yogurt place, just a mile away. It was a dark trendy place in sort of a strip mall. I loved the pop music playing, my current favorite song by Taylor Swift "we will never ever get back together" came on and it was on MTV at the same time. Yipee! Put me in such a good mood. It only took like 3 minutes for the sushi chef to make my sushi at the sushi bar. I had 4 pieces of Nigiri; smoked salmon and I don't remember the other kind and 2 handrolls; lobster and spicy tuna. The lobster handroll was AMAAZING. chunks of yummy lobster, soooo goood. I drank ice tea and they gave me a full sliced orange with like some kinda marshmellow fluff on it for a complimentary dessert. I love healthy desserts. I was in and out in 30 minutes.
5	Great sushi joint!  We will be back and bring others...
3	Sushi is okay. Service needs to be better. Good discount for MWU student and good happy hour.
4	The sushi melts in your mouth! I would eat here every day! $15 for lunch sushi special with hot tea. This would be five stars but the service was a bit slow and I did not get any soup which I believe was part of the meal. I am stuffed though! The hot tea is the best I have ever had, earthy and delicious. The atmosphere is great too. New decor and a great mix of music. I will definitely spend more of my time and money here. Oh and did I tell you there is free Wifi here? I may never leave!!!
2	Food is decent but service has gotten progressively worse.
3	The decor is kinda funky inside, but I dig that. Surrounded by chains and franchises in Glendale, it's good to see something locally owned and operated. Service with a smile, sake bombs and fresh tasting and creative sushi rolls. If you don't like nori, you can get rice or soy paper as an option with everything.Try the kimchi roll.
3	The place is located in a strip mall.  Their sign didn't light up so we drove down the wrong side.  But we found it.  The place is cute and nicely decorated.  The service was good!  I ordered the chicken teriyaki dinner.  The soup was good.  I gave my salad to my sister.  She ate it without saying anything, so I guess it was good.  I got my dinner.  The teriyaki chicken was ok.  Bummer!
4	We've been there a few times over the last few months and we like it! The sushi is good, the service is friendly! They have some creative rolls! LOVE their lobster rolls! Our kids (6 years old) love their garlic chicken appetizer!I'm not so sure why every roll has to have macadamia on them, but maybe that's their signature topping :)
4	This sushi was really good. The selection of rolls were adequate. It was standard sushi fare. If you are in the neighborhood and want some sushi, head on over. It has groupons often, so keep an eye out for those. Also, check in and you can get 10% off the bill.I took my baby- she goes with me all over. She loved eating the rice we ordered, I just wish they didnt charge so much for a side for her. I found the music weird. It went from hardcore rap to house music, but there were a lot of snowbirds in there. I am not sure they know what they want to be or their customer base. Or maybe these snowbirds are into that kind of music.
1	I was so excited to try this place based on the reviews But when you walk in it smells of fish which isn't good The sushi wasn't that great they forgot one of the things we ordered and the service is TERRIBLE they said they were busy but there was 3 other tables of 2 people at each. Never coming back again that's for sure
3	Convinced in my coupons left on door with makeshift crossed off and remade expirations. Coupons save you about $2. Food was varied from very good to mediocre. Seating at the bar seems to be the way to go to guarantee staff attention and the people there seemed like they were having a lot of fun interacting with the guests. Messed up my sushi order but they were nice enough to comp the sushi. Standard sushi prices. Good raw quail egg. Probably won't be back.
5	We liked the great location, lots of parking, clean and appealing decor. What really set the mood was the super friendly waitress who immediately greeted us as we entered. There was no wait on a Friday night. There was a wide variety of rolls and other menu items. Some of the rolls are particularly unique. We tried the Midwestern Roll (awesome), the spider roll (really good) and spicy tuna roll (ehhh). For four rolls and a salad it was $50 without tip, but we felt portions were large and had high quality ingredients. We definitely want to hit up happy hour one day, they had a good variety of Japanese and American beers (on tap too). Overall, we had a great date night, really good sushi and a relaxing, cheerful experience. We will be back.
4	Food is great but loud disco/techno music at 6:00pm isn't.
4	Amazing! Service is always great we come here for happy hour  at least once a week. My faves are the tempur roll and the Vegas!
5	This place is a gem in the desert. Went for happy wide variety of $5 sushi.
5	Yums to the Tums! Happy hour was delish!
5	We go here all the time and still love it! Quality of food hasn't changed and the service is always so pleasant!
5	We love this place! They have good sushi, excellent service and great prices! This is our favorite sushi in the area!
4	Great tasting sushi.  We were pleasantly surprised!  we will be back.
2	Happy hour quality was not good for me. I had yellowtail and it did not seem fresh. I ordered a vodka martini since they have a full bar but no one knew how to make it so I was told not available. The only drinks available were sweet specialty drinks they have on the menu. My opinion and experience.
4	Great lunch specials with decent selection and higher-than-average quality sushi.I had the three roll lunch special with the salmon, spicy tuna, and Boston rolls.Salmon was a little on the bland side, but certainly not fishy. Spicy tuna was pretty good. The Boston was great - nice and fresh!Great atmosphere and service. Will be checking this place out again!
5	I had exactly 30 minutes to spare and it happened to be lunch time, so I figured why not try this little sushi place.  I sat at the sushi bar where my order was taken and filled faster than I could have hoped - had my food within five minutes of arrival. I had a delicious and fabulously priced lunch special of miso soup, spicy tuna roll, and New York roll, the latter of which was the highlight of the meal. Definitely recommended!
5	Chef JJ!!! He does the magic! Fish is fresh and cut is professional. It melts in the mouth :) We are very particular about quality when it comes to sushi and M Sushi and Chef JJ did the job! We are definitely coming back. It also has very tasty Jjang Bong - Korean seafood noodle soup. Enjoy!
1	Not returning. First off, bless the waitress, but she was kind of a flake. She had to return to the table several times to double check our order. We watched as all the other tables received their food and left. When our food finally got to the table, we only received two rolls, when we ordered three. It was explained to me, by the waitress, that the second roll was actually two rolls. But I ordered three DIFFERENT rolls. So this didn't make sense. I asked to see the manager and surprise, he wouldn't come out to talk with me. Another waitress saw this fiasco going on and had the chef whip us up another roll "on the house". Good try but being that there are now sushi places on every corner, their is no room for this half assed service. We will see how ling this one stats open.
1	The resto has no patrons at 6pm on Sat. There's no Bud light when they advertise it mainly up front. The staff is not Japanese, has poor communication skills. Told them not to put mayo and still served the dish with it. They were friendly though, with clean surroundings but with generic decor consistent with other Korean owned sushi. I don't get it that they open a sushi bar not knowing how unagi sauce taste like. Their "deals" on their happy hour are all rolls with nougat-y rice loaded with MAYO(?). They have 4 big TV screens in silent mode. No music and all you can hear are the staff speaking loudly at each other in their native tongue. They didn't welcome any feedback so they will never have a shot on getting better.DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE. Not worth it.
3	I was not impressed. It's not bad, and it tasted good, but the rolls looked like a three year-old rolled them. The service was good. We tried all the typical rolls. I guess we were playing it safe. It looked like they used extra rice to augment the size of the rolls. The Monkey Pop appetizer was good.
3	The sushi is great, but the service needs help... We had a reservation for 26 (confirmed the evening before). They knew we were coming, yet there was only one waitress working our group. She was overwhelmed. There was no one else in the restaurant, yet the other waitress did hardly anything to help! One of our members waited almost 30 minutes for a sake and had to remind the waitress 3 times. When the other waitress walked by, I asked for my check since I had to leave a little early and she told me "You'll have to ask her (pointing to the other waitress)." You'd think she would say "Sure" and pass on the info to the other waitress if she couldn't do it herself. I don't fault our waitress, she was working VERY hard to keep up. I fault management for not being prepared for us.
2	Went here last night with my daughter and sister place was empty. We asked for a table and were told to sit anywhere. We order drinks received them fairly quickly and was asked if we were ready I asked for the sushi sheet. Went and asked the chef if they had any specials none asked if they could be creative and maybe add some sauce to the sashimi like ponzu, roasted garlic something. Didn't get a vibe that he was interested in being creative. Are server who had no personality what so ever never once smiled of course until the check was brought asked if we were ready not offering any information or advise. We ordered a couple rolls that were pretty good. Won't be going back just for the fact. If poor service and lack of creativity I'm used to sushi chefs wanting to create and impress I guess zony's won't be getting any of this. The fish was fresh except one piece of tuna was extremely cold almost frozen might have been to close to the chilling vent. Pinky lady roll was nice and spicy the hunami (misspelled) was taste and the dynamite like all others taste and the scallops not over cook as some do. Wish I would have looked at some of the pictures the sashimi platter looks exactly like what I wanted and asked the chef to bad service was so bad they could have recommended this platter and we would have left extremely satisfied I guess here u have to figure it out yourself.Oh forgot we also ordered the taco expecting spicy tuna with avocado onions and some creativity but it was over whelmed with a crab mix kinda disappointing.
1	By far the WORST sushi I have had.  Im a regular sushi eater, at least once a week,  and nothing was good other than the water.  Had sashimi platter that all tasted the exact same and like it had been thawed and frozen over and over,  the Alaska Roll that tasted like cardboard and didn't even have salmon or avacado in it that they stated,  the Spicy Dragon Roll that was bland, and the Spicy Tuna roll that tasted gritty. We only ate one piece of each roll,  yet they refused to take anything off the bill. Our waitress was really nice and apologetic,  but the chef and manager basically told us too bad and hit the road.  72 dollars later with the tip 86 because its not the waitresses fault...and walked out starving.  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!
3	Only been once, had great service, but place was empty. We weren't informed about their happy hour, and saw that it was happy hour after we had already ordered a few things. Atmosphere was nice, Sushi was ok, about the same caliber as Tokyo Lobby or Yen Sushi, but I didnt order the Sashimi, so I cannot give any advice on that.. Probably gonna go here instead of the other 2 mainly because its closer to where we live.
2	Ok, Let me first start off with, this place is no longer M Sushi bar. It is Eastwind sushi, and I'm sure it is under new management. With that being said, I had been to M sushi a couple of times and LOVED it, I always forgot about this place and would settle for Yen (right around the corner from my house), UNTIL I realized that M Sushi was right down the street from my job. So last night, I decided to treat myself and went here. When I pulled into the parking lot I immediately noticed the new signage, and a part of me got a little upset. But I thought, how bad could it be. 1st mistake getting out of the car. When I went inside instead of seeing a little spunky, well presented, high school aged girl behind or even near the podium, this girl with headphones, and obvious social problems emerges from a corner. She spoke under her breath I had to ask her to repeat herself at least 3 times before I got to my seat. -and I'm not trying to take shots at the girl, but she was not put together at all. her hair was down and I'm pretty sure when your around food it has to be up. She wasn't very personable at all, and when she went to explain something to me on my plate, she had her finger so close to my plate that she could have touched it if she had a sudden twitch or itch. The food- I ordered calimari... my favorite.. (which is why i always came back to M sushi). Sub Par. it was over cooked and bland... about the only seasoning i could taste was the oil. And they paired it with some wasabi mayo. DISGUSTING, and way to spicy to not know what your dipping into. When I asked for another sauce the waitress was not very knowledgeable on what to bring or what was on my plate in the first place. The rolls were huge!. which normally i would feel like im getting my monies worth but, i was having to either try to get the whole thing in my mouth (haha that's what she said- sorry. not appropriate) or try to take bites of it, and we all know how well that works out. I do, however, believe that they are a tad bit cheaper then M sushi was. Less money for more rolls... I could be ok with. But I'll just catch Happy Hour at Ah-so, completely ok with me!Well long story short I was not very happy with this change in management situation.
4	Fairly cute Asian lady was the hostess and waitress.  Place was pretty dead. Just me and a mother of 2 who ordered a Coors Light and Saki bomb at 1 in the afternoon.  The lunch special is a good deal and the quality of the food is haymazing! I will definitely be back here to get my sushi fix!
