3	Kohl's is a great store when it comes to value. The store on Valley Verde is enormous and right off the 215 East. Nice staff Great ValueName Brands
4	No doubt, I am a fan of Kohl's.... granted the only time I ever shop hear is when I get a coupon for around 30% off the already discounted sales price of an item. When you shop here, make sure to never pay for anything full price as it's an absolute ripoff. If you can wait, wait as it will eventually go on sale within a week or two.
5	This is one of my fave places. They have amazing sales & discounts.
2	I think I may WANT to like Kohl's more than I actually do.This particular location is really close to my apartment, so I come here all the time when I'm bored.  I admit it, I even have a Kohl's card.  Another confession...we got my engagement ring at Kohl's.  On Black Friday.  Yeah, we're hardcore like that.  It's shiny and pretty and I love it.  I know that's odd, but I don't care.  Ahem.  Back on topic.This location is usually a bit disheveled.  If I need assistance of some kind, it's really hard to find someone to ask.  When I finally DO find someone, I usually feel as though I've inconvenienced them... lots of huffing and buffing... you know how it goes.  As a person in my mid-twenties, the clothes here leave something to be desired.  The juniors section would be okay if I was about ten years younger, but now it's just inappropriate.  I become disturbed when I see ladies old enough to be my mother pawing through the racks with their crusty mitts.  There should be an alarm that goes off when an age-spotted hand touches a pair of hip-huggers.  Red alert... red FREAKING alert.  It's not cute and hip, it's just sad.So if I don't shop in the junior's section, where do I go?  To the DANA BUCHMAN COLLECTION?  I think not.  I'm not ready for the raisin ranch just yet.That leaves me in a real bind.  I don't find the misses-section clothes to be very cute either... and when I do buy something, without fail, it falls apart in one or two washings.So why do I still come here?  Beats me.  Really.  I don't know.
5	I am one of those weirdo girls who hates shopping. I would rather have a  tooth pulled than go to a mall. Okay, it's not that bad, but close.This is the only Kohl's location I will go to in town. The one in Galleria Mall seems to not have the selection that this one does and the one on Charleston doesn't have the friendly staff.That said, I love their return policy, I completely adore their staff who are always friendly and personable when I check out. Plus: KOHL'S CASH?! Shut the front door - AWESOME!
2	I was a MVC for many years,after bad experience asking associate for assistance and then that assc. went another aisle over to another assc. mimicking me by telling the assc. the stupid question I asked him. He was certainly surprised when I was standing behind him when I asked isn't it your job for me to ask for assistance when I have a question. Sent email to kohls with basically sorry to hear that thanks for being a customer. So let's just put letter how it reads to your customer BFD thanks for your money! In return have advised to close my account I will shop where I'm treated respectfully. Antwuan CS rep has advised ok account closed. Thanks for years of shopping, confirming that my good credit and years of purchases would have been better spent at Macy's.
3	I coach football at a local high school here in Vegas and shopping at Kohl's is very similar to that.  If you have a good game plan and get prepared you'll do well.  If you just wing it, you'll be sorry.Gameplanning to go to Kohl's is serious business.  First, make a list of exactly what you need.  Then, one must go online and find 15-30 percent off coupons then see if there is any Kohl's cash in the wallet.  Maybe a gift card or discount card in the mail.  Once you have that, then you can enter the store.  The "sales" seem to be some major mathematical formula to always make more money for Kohl's and brainwash the shopper into thinking they have saved more than they actually did.  The only way to actually take advantage of their "sales" is to have the 15-30 percent off coupons and even then your savings are still debatable.  If you simply just wander in and shop, you will get reamed!  The prices are really high but they make you feel better by listing a "regular price" then butter you up with the "Kohl's" price.  I still have yet to see a pack of Hanes underwear for a regular price of $45 in any store in America.    Anyway, Kohl's isn't that bad if you come prepared but every time I do, I ask myself if it was worth it.  I wish they just had low prices so we wouldn't have to work so hard to get the prices down.  I believe JC Penny has adopted the model of simple offering the lowest price.
4	Kohl's seems to be a major player in the discount retailer wars. There are always either coupons for a percentage off in the paper or dollar discount cards being mailed out. Add Kohl's Cash promotions to that and you can score big savings!I always check the clearance sections to find the best deals. There are usually lines around the holidays, as is to be expected!
4	Fairly standard Kohls.  Friendly staff.  Prone to long waits in line.  Best to shop when you have a 30% off coupon.  Kohls cash is a nice bonus.  Best return policies around.
4	Wen't here this weekend and there was SOO much stuff on sale. I love sales! My mom and I visited this Kohl's with our $10 off coupon we got in the mail. We spent about an hour searching the store (which can be a little chaotic if you're weeding through the clearance section, but its nothing out of the ordinary), and both found some pretty great things for great deals. They also gave us $20 in Kohl's cash to come back in spend, granted the window is very short, I never let a coupon expire! haha Good experience here.
2	Service? Yeah....good luck with that. When you get help it's great, but finding good help at this location is like playing Marco Polo without any water and without anyone responding back. I go here because of the deals. Sales and Kohl's cash make their usually ridiculous prices a lot more reasonable. Sometimes the inventory here is a mess, perhaps those same people you can't find to help you can't be bothered to stock the place either. And then there's the checkouts which when I go in always seems to have a line. A line that moves S-L-O-W! A line with some nice little old lady wanting to write a check. Or pay with nickels. Or they forgot their Kohl's cash and have to dig through a purse the size of Rhode Island to find it...all while you wait and cool your heels. Oh and one last thing. Getting in and out of the parking lot to get back to the 215 is kind of a pain in the rear. It's definitely bad traffic design on display. In short I go here only when I kinda have to and while the jewelry sale pricing is insane and it makes her happy, I always leave grumbling about the experience. 2 Stars, and I'm being generous.
4	We went here for the second time, this past black friday shopping day. We were able to get a bunch of things for a steal- most were christmas gifts, oh, and kohl's cash was $15.00 instead of the regular $10.00 promotion for every $50.00 you spend. It was busy, but not as  crowded as the nellis location for Black Friday. (My MIL went to the nellis one thanksgiving night and people were fighting over carts!)Generally, the same set-up as the rest of the stores with the exception of the one inside the Galleria Mall- a two story one. Good sales- especially when you check the clearance racks (the signs said 70% off), use the coupons, use your kohl's credit card, & get your kohl's cash, too- there is a specific time frame BTW. I love sales and I always try to use coupons, in general. Small aisles- not really ideal when one is pushing a stroller and funny shaped carts to boot. The helpful thing was the price scanner- some promotions were not clear, so we wanted to double-check. Checkout was speedy, and the cashier was nice. This is a clean location, the sales racks were in order, and no trash was scattered about, either. Pretty civil customer base.  Besides checking out kids clothing, toys, lingerie, and women's, don't forget to check the gift card section in the front, too. The Christmas section is always interesting to browse- lots of nice ornaments here. The Fine jewelry (gemstone/silver) prices were pretty good, too. Will definitely consider going here again for Black Friday since this shopping trip was a success.
4	When I lived around the corner from Khols, I would always get door knockers on my door from them.  $10.00.  You didn't have to spend $20.00  You could go in there and just spend the $10.00.  I love there jewelry as well.  They have good sales, and clearance racks.  I haven't been there in a while since this visit.  I was looking for something for a Christmas gift.   So I had to keep it moving.  I like the fact that the sales people don't bother you.  They don't ask can they help you, but if you need them, there, there.
2	I went into this store to make a cash payment on my credit card. After standing in line at the CUSTOMER SERVICE desk, I requested to make a payment on my credit card, and asked if she please provide the balance so I can decide how much I would like to pay on it. She stated she could give me my credit card number but not the balance. She directed me to the phone on the wall. After several phone prompts that did not provide my balance, I finally got a live person on the phone line. She provided my balance and I proceeded to get BACK in line to make a $400.00 cash paymnet. Do you consider this great customer service?? We'll I certainly DO NOT. I had to stand in line twice and call another customer service agent on the phone AT the Customer Service Booth!!! Really???
1	I dont think I will come here anymore. I used to frequent a lot, cause it was near my job. Not to play the race card, but I was usually the only brotha in there...and was treated like it. Seems like an older demographic (customers included)  that seemed to get weary whenever I walked in. No "how are you doing" more of the "hurry up and buy." look, cashiers are usually nice, but who isn't when you're paying up? Even when I was buying things regularly, I never felt like a welcomed customer here.
5	Kohls is always my go to store when I dont want to travel too far or spend too much money.
2	I don't know what it is but I have never been a big fan of Kohl's. This store is nice and clean, like many of the others but as far as having things I like, not so much. They also never seem to have great prices. I always feel I'm overpaying, unless I'm getting it off the discount rack. The store is basic. There never seems to be a lot of staff wandering around or at the checkout stations, so lines do get backed up. I'll stick to Ross and Marshalls for my discount shopping.
3	Socks... that's about all I can rely on this store for.  And I usually don't buy them until I get that 30% off coupon in the mail.  I don't mean the 15% or 20% one.  I mean 30% LOL.  Kohl's ticket prices are so outrageous that even with a sale and your coupon you're MAYBE paying what the item is actually worth. I will say the best thing about this place (because it's obviously not the prices or the merchandise) is the customer service.  Long ago we bought a single cup coffee maker from Kohl's and we just don't have luck with them.  We've had a number of them that broke within the first couple of months and when we've brought them back the service has been excellent.  No hassle; very friendly; easy exchanges/returns for other items.  The kohl's cash is the biggest racket out there.  So I spend 50 bucks and you give me $10 to use on a future shopping trip?  It's like a bad relationship.  Just let me go Kohl's!  Don't fall victim to the Kohl's cash!
3	Meh. For  this place having such bad reviews......it sure was hella busy.The parking lot was a nightmare today, be prepared to park far.Before I went today, I went on their website, and they had a coupon for two amounts. Spend under $100, get 15% off. Spend $100 or more, save 25%.....not bad.When I walked in, the line for the register was curved around into the isles. I saw multiple people with carts, but I couldn't locate them. I found an associate, who had no problem showing me where they are located....where I found one that thankfully had a "stroller" part on the front.....a broken strap, but thankfully, my daughter didn't try to escape.The store was very messy, and picked through, but I think that this is because of the amount of people that were here. I see people saying how "overpriced" things are...Last time I checked, designers like VERA WANG, Jennifer Lopez , Rock & Republic, and Lauren Conrad have always been expensive....However, they had lots of sales today. Many 30-40% off on these brands, making them decent....These brands also had plenty of sizes, ranging from 0-16.....and I didn't have to do any digging for them.The store has plenty of clearance racks that are excessively messy, that I didn't have the patience to go through. They have various trinkets, ornaments, kitchen things, etc. I didn't try anything on or buy today....I wasn't feeling the vibe..because of how busy and chaotic it was.......I don't thrive in those types of environments. I do see the potential in this store though. C:
3	Sale. Clearance. Did I get every woman's attention?  ha ha.   I like Kohl's because sometimes you can find a $50 shirt for $5.  Of course you have to have patience to go through the clearance and sale racks.  There are usually many in each department.  I actually like the challenge of finding good deals.  It's just sometimes it seems too cluttered and bunched to go through all of the sale items.  The shoe department always seems like a disaster area.  But they have a great home goods department.  Again, there is something always on sale so it makes this girl really happy.  The checkouts are ok.  Sometimes the lines are a bit long but they seem to move along nicely.  The best part of when they circle how much you saved.  That's the number I tell my husband first before I tell him how much I spent!  Happy shopping!
3	Two things I immediately took note of were: 1. This place is HUGE. 2. They're open until 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays.When we went it was during a pretty large sale - most things seemed to be reduced for 30-50% off their tag prices.  I don't know if this is normal or not since I definitely do not frequent Kohl's.The areas of the store were organized and defined in some parts, but in others I felt like it was a total crapshoot.  The women's section was especially mished-mashed.They also seem understaffed or poorly organized - there wasn't a lot of people in the store when we were (10pm) but it seemed like there was a consistent line that they kept having to shuffle to different departments to get checked out.  Maybe it's because they're painstakingly slow at the checkout... My lady was and I watched two others who weren't much better.Don't have much of a desire to return unless I want to look at dress clothes or something.  Even then, I'd much rather go to Target or suck it up and go to the mall.At least I got a pair of hot pink velour pants for $6.00, cotton stretch skirt for $9.00 and FILA exercise/yoga capris for $16.00.  That was cool.
1	I placed an online order on August  27th.  I was given $30 kohls cash which expired on Sept 1st.    My order won't arrive until Sept 5th.  I wanted to wait to spend the cash until I received the order and could accessorize.  I would have spent considerably more at that time.  Customer service would not reissue the kohls cash.  I will be returning the online order when it arrives and will not shop at kohls in the future.
1	Having the Yes2You Rewards is almost more of a hassle than it's worth. The cashier will NEVER ask for it. It's frustrating. Then, I go online and place an order and it never asks for this reward. Honestly, I think Kohl's released a rewards program without educating its employees about it. I called to have the number added to my account and they refused to because it "isn't processed for 24 hours". When I told them I could cancel the order, they didn't care. The worst was a "supervisor" names Coral, ID #9279. She was terrible, barely spoke English, and was co descending. John, ID #7605 wasn't much better. Then, I spoke with Napoleon, ID #4699, who put me on hold to check how he could help me but it seemed like he just had me on hold because he didn't want to hear about the terrible customer service I had encountered already. I miss Mervyn's!!!
