4	I love this place!  First time visiting and it was around 6pm and had seen it driving by the place a few times decided to stop by and try it.  Walked in and it was very clean, and the very nice lady at the counter greeted me with the typical thai hello.  She engaged me in conversation while my food was cooking and she was very pleasant.  She explained the menu to me and that all the entrees come with rice.  I decided to try my default thai dish, Pad Thai.  I went with level 3 spicy.  I also order a Thai Tea and Green Tea Ice Cream.  while they cooked the Pad Thai she made the Thai Tea and let me tell you this was the BEST Thai Tea I have had!  It was just the right sweetness and not too bitter... We discussed the togo menus and I saw that they had coconut and green tea ice cream I asked her favorite and she recommended the green tea ice cream I ordered that as well.  The pad thai was ready within 10 minutes and I advised her of the tea and how delicious it was and I am sure I would be back.  Got home and ate almost half of the PAD THAI it was fantastic and believe me I have had some really good pad thai and this was great, the tofu was firm on the inside and crispy on the outside and the shrimp was perfectly cooked and not overly firm.  The flavor was not too spicy, it was just right.  I had the green tea ice cream for dessert and it was perfectly soft and creamy with a not too bitter taste and just the right sweetness.  I will go back to this place as it was really good!!  And the lady at the front counter, KUDOS for your service!!
4	If you want great thai food, for a low price and rapid service, then, THIS is the place to go! I think this place has better thai food than its sister restaurant, Thai Elephant (I believe the families are related, though the restaurants aren't necessarily connected).The ginger pork is really good, as well as the cashew chicken. I especially love their drunken noodles. Their pad thai is a bit too sweet (for my taste). The dishes range from $5.95-6.95 for a regular size dish to $7.95-8.95 for a large sized dish.  This would be a great little restaurant to come on your lunch break!
5	This is the best Thai place I've ever been to. I don't have a single complaint because the people who were there didn't leave room for error. I thought this was an experience i could share not only with my family and friends, but with complete strangers. If you want something different for tonight, try their curry or even an amazing stir-fry dish. I can't complement this place enough, the atmosphere, decor, authentic nature, and servers really pull the place together beautifully. Highly highly recommend it.
5	Fresh and tasty! Very clean and very sleek. Had the pad Thai Tom yum and it was delightful. Can't wait to go back!
3	Fairly average Thai.  The location is great and the service is very fast.  Its a cute location with a nice outside dining area as well.  I felt that the dishes were fresh, but very bland.  I tried a couple different dishes but all tasted very similar.  The portion size was generous for the price however.  I wouldn't not go back to 5 RCha Thai again, but if given the option would probably choose elsewhere.
5	Yum Yum Yum! Try Dynamite Fried Rice! It is AMAZING!
5	I don't know if I've reviewed this place before, but if I haven't here are 5 stars. I love love this place. I'll keep coming back.
5	Great Thai food for a good price. Right next door to Thai Elephant, pretty much same quality food but cheaper. The Masaman curry and pad thai are great! Also, if you feel like spoiling yourself try the Thai iced tea!
5	Always hot and delicious. I get takeout from 5 RCha far more than I should. They're always willing to work with my requests, and they're always wonderful all of the time. Thanks for continuing to be my go to Thai place for over two years!
2	Looked good but was unedible with red flake, not even Thai, peppers.  Ordered medium and I love spicy food but neither of us could eat our dishes.  Sis took me for dinner and is ordering pizza now.  Not fast.  Not good.
3	Gave this quaint joint 3.5 * really. I won't lie, we were really going to go to the Elephant Thai Bar but walked in this place instead. 2 other people in the restaurant but it was after 1pm. I had the yellow curry with chicken and a side order of spring rolls, and The Mrs had the red curry with vegetables, two cups for water. Decided to sit on patio as weather permitted.  Water was cold but the trap flavor was a bit strong. The wait for our lunch was adequate and at first portions seemed a bit small. The spring rolls were just about the same size as my thumb. Didn't feel it was quite with the $2.99 but we're tasty.  At the end our once thought small portion lunches left us feeling content and not stuffed.  The taste was great, flavorful but not what a 4 Hot should be (little bit on the weak side) however The Mrs 4 hot got her nose to run a bit. Overall take off this was the food was great, portions a bit small for price. The place could have used a solid wipe down as the appears to be greasy prints over the door handles and glass windows (as if a kid with French fries was running around) floors had some debris. I would stop back through.  :-)
4	5 R Cha is a nice little Thai cafe that we hit every now and then. We're big Thai food connoisseurs, and this place passes the test.    The cafe is quaint, with a nice little patio in front. If you are familiar with the neighborhood it used to be Cafe Roma. The inside is nice and everything is clean.     The Thai Iced Tea is a trip! It is wonderful, and is in a giant margarita chalice...this thing is huge! The panang is great, with the spice just how you ask for it every time. My husband recently tried the beef boat noodles (I could be making that name up) and he thought it was flavorful and the meat tender.     When it comes to dessert, we will pass from now on. The rice they use in sticky rice isn't the white glutinous, but a coarse kao neow dam that I was not a huge fan of. Mango is in season, but the mango used was not ripe and was cut with some rind left on.     The service is always fast and friendly. I would recommend 5 R Cha for Thai food if you're in the area.
