5	I can't wait for the kaiseki dinner Chef Omae is offering in the future. You can all expect a full review then! Until that day comes, lunch at this spectacular new restaurant is something very special.
5	Very excited to see what else the Chef will come up with once they get their full menu going.  With such limited seating and quality of food,  I can see this place as the next hot spot in town! We were there for the three course lunch.  First course was a chilled avocado soup.  I recommend spooning through all three layers to the bottom so you can taste the complexity of the soup.  Wonderful for the hot summer; refreshing and the perfect amount of salt and texture.  Second course was presented beautifully, the dusting of flavor of the shrimp was incredible - reminded me of a fresh shrimp ceviche.  The third course I chose the ramen.  I've had lots of ramen all over the place (in Asia as well as the states) and I've never tasted anything quite like this.  It was a wonderful porky broth with sesame and a charcoal-y, grilled flavor.  The meat is thicker than I like but was full of flavor and melted in my mouth.  My bowl of ramen seemed endless!  Couldn't finish everything....   Similar to Raku and Kabuto in terms of food quality and service, but different in terms of type of food.  Raku to me is more traditional and Kabuto is strictly nigiri.  This place is like a modern twist on Japanese.  It's young and hip. We met Chef Omae after our meal and he is so humble and nice.  Very cool guy, definitely come check this place out!  Beat the crowds so you can say you've been there, tasted that.
4	I came for ritual Sunday lunch with my friends. This is a 12 seat place, we took up 8 of the seats as we reserved two 4 stops. 1st course - chilled vegetable soup was nice. It had nice texture and flavors. I chose not to mix it up so much so that I get ribbons of flavors. Refreshing, but had creamy aspects that also made it velvety in mouthfeel that I liked. 2nd course- Petite appetizer. It was very simple and plain, and wished I had more of the paste on the side. Still, decent and beautiful plating. 3rd course (you can get omurice, ramen, black curry) - I got the ramen which was very rich. The broth was thick that it was almost like sauce. The flavor was nice and I didn't think it was overly salty for being reduced down. The pork slices were tender, and I always appreciate getting a whole egg. You get a choice of beverage. I went with ice green tea and appreciated it was nice strong matcha (not sweet). For $20, it's not a bad lunch at all. I heard the menu will rotate a bit so I will be keeping my eyes peeled (on his twitter @TakashiOmae the menus are announced) as I would definitely return for the quality and price point. We don't have a legitimate kaiseki here, so I am very excited at the prospect of it once they can serve dinner. It's a welcomed addition to the dining scene and imagine this is gonna be a hard reservation once people know it exists.
3	Had lunch there just after Chef returned from Japan. Well certainly wasn't impressed. First off, as soon as we walked in the door, and sat down they said they were out of 2 different items on the menu. How does that happen. You muster opened. 1130 am reservation. Next, the food was good. Not great. Intense flavor on the first dish, but everything else was okay. The black curry I had I could have made at home from the package from Von's. The chicken ramen was good and it made me wish I could have chosen a different dish. Maybe the curry just isn't good. Check presentation was nice In a lacquered wooden box and the payment process is neat. I may return for 20$ to try a different dish, but if the price goes up from here or quality goes down at all, so does my score.
5	Chef Omae brings excitement and a mastery of Classical Japanese dishes to Las Vegas.We had the pleasure of eating at one of the four tables at Chef Omae's restaurant for lunch. Lunch includes a three course meal and a beverage for a reasonably priced $20.00. We were all excited to try the tonkatsu ramen, but were told it would be unavailable this afternoon. Somewhat disappointed, the table ordered the chicken noodle alternative.The presentation of all three dishes was lovely. Each dish was excellent. We were surprisingly pleased with the chicken ramen replacement of the tonkatsu. It was perfectly seasoned, rich, and comforting. If you have the opportunity, do yourself the favor and eat here before a table becomes unreservable.
4	I was so excited to eat at this new restaurant owned by Chef Takeshi Omae, whose Tokyo establishment has won the Michelin star twice.  When I heard that he offers a $20 per person lunch with three courses that sounded great, I immediately made reservations for the boyfriend and I.  A small place at the corner of Decatur and Twain, the 12 seat restaurant currently takes reservations for two parties of two and two parties of four at 11:30am, 1:00pm, and 2:30pm.  They are supposed to open up for dinner when the liquor license is secured.  We ate here on a recent Friday afternoon at 1:00pm.  The place is nicely decorated with kimonos and there's a pond with koi for sale with price tags that range from $4,500 to $14,000--wowza!  We were seated at a nice booth next to the pond where we saw the koi ads with the price tags so that's how I know.There was one waiter who took care of all the customers, which really wasn't that difficult since only three of the four tables were occupied when we were there.  He was very friendly and attentive.  A prix fixe lunch menu, we began with a chilled layered soup with egg and avocado.  Unluckily for Mel, he's allergic to avocado, so I saved his life by eating his portion--so good!  The second course was an assortment of appetizers, including edamame beans on a toothpick, fried lotus root, and cucumber with miso.  We got to choose the third course from a short list.  I opted for the chicken ramen soup and Mel had the rice omelette with chicken.  Chicken ramen soup was a first for me and it was delicious, with a tasty broth that wasn't too salty and noodles cooked just right.  A generous portion, I couldn't even finish the whole bowl, which doesn't usually happen when I eat ramen.  The menu has changed since we ate there last week and I already have reservations for my next visit because I want to try the Wagyu burger next. Speaking of the menu, the paper one there has tiny, tiny font, which makes for a lot of squinting.  I even broke out the reading specs and still couldn't make out a lot of it.  Other than that,  for a unique dining experience that won't break the bank, make your reservations, too; it's not every day that you get to eat a meal prepared by a Michelin man.
3	What a mixed bag this place is. To me, it's a product of something rushed to fruition. An unpolished stone that could be a diamond some day.Let's talk about poor first impressions and missed opportunities.Around $20 for a three-course meal, drink included. This restaurant is roughly 4 tables large. Seating capacity is around 12. Two tables seating 4 each, two tables seating 2 each. All seats are these giant white couches which are remarkably uncomfortable. The backs are far away so there is no relaxing. You're sitting up with a concerted effort. Tables are high by relation. It's dark with some Japanese-style decor. There is an extremely poorly placed koi pond as well. You can only see it if you know it's there and walk up to it to see over its own walls. There is what sounds like karaoke music running in the background. Service is done by one server who is very nice, but there is something off about the workflow chosen. It's slow, awkward, and dishes are often mixed up between tables. For putting out a sort of exclusive, fine dining image... it was not thought through. The menu is borderline unreadable because who ever typed it up in MS Word used a cursive, centered font to appear elegant and set the font size to 3. It is tiny!Come on, get it together guys. I just got back from Japan, a culture and country that revolves around the fine points. What happened to that part here?Let's talk about food.You have a choice of main course. Black curry, tonkotsu ramen, and an omelette with rice. We chose the curry and ramen, but were informed it would chicken-based stock instead temporarily.The first course was a cold vegetable soup, composed in layers. I couldn't tell you what the layers were because the font on the menu was too small to read. I'll just say it was good and I wish there was more of it.The second course was the "petite appetizer." Giant bowl, small ingredients. Again, couldn't read what the menu said so I'll just say what I could discern.- A piece of cucumber sliced up with miso on top. Good.- A lotus root chip. Good.- A "skewer" (toothpick) of edamame. Meh.- A single shrimp. Some powder on it. No particular flavor. Meh.- A piece of fried Japanese yam. Probably the best thing in the bowl.Third courses.- Chicken ramen. Color me shocked - this was delicious. The broth, to me, had an almost vinegar-like flavor to it. Strong flavors and just dense enough for my preferences. Thinly sliced chashu was some of the best I've had in Vegas. A perfectly cooked Japanese-style egg, whole, was also pleasing. Wavy, medium thickness noodles on the bottom were cooked just enough to be slightly firm. This bowl was right up there with the best in the city to me.- Black curry. Again, couldn't read the meat chosen for this but I'm going to assume it was pork because it was pretty firm, mixed with mushrooms, swimming in a very thick black curry. Served with a bit of rice and sliced up cabbage. I really was a fan of the thickness of the curry. To me, mixing curry with rice without it running off is one of the best parts of enjoying such a dish. The pork (?) was firm but still tasty. Mushrooms were mushrooms. Rice was rice. The end. An experience largely confusing and underwhelming, but there is light at the end of the tunnel. There is quality and craftsmanship in the food but seemingly in nothing else. Luckily, this can be mended. In the mean time, liking this restaurant is a little forced for me.
5	Lucky to have this place in Vegas. Great experience and even better food preparation and taste. Each course had a uniqueness to their own. My favorite was the onion and the Wagyu burger! Service was also very good waiter is really nice. Can't wait for them to open for dinner. Chef Omae is incredible
3	The Skinny: given the level of fusion Japanese styled cuisine today, there's a lot of work that needs to be done  (2.5) service: the ambience is quiet and intimate with some discordant decorative aspects  - service was good but nothing outstanding (3) value: for $20 for 3 course meal plus beverage (fountain drink or housemade iced tea), it would be more than reasonable if the food was up to par. (3).I really wanted to love this place. When we first spied it's soft opening in June, we were hankering to give it a go. Given the few truly legitimate Japanese restaurants in the valley, I was eager to try it.First of all, this restaurant is very small and can seat at most maybe 14 people. Sporting only 4 tables, the dining experience here is very intimate. Reservations are a must. Unfortunately, next to one table, there is this massive bathtub looking spartan pond sporting some large looking koi. Hmm... kind of weird but okay. The seating consists of large white leather benches with high backs towering over you. The backs of the seats are kind of far, so I found myself slouching backwards to get comfortable.The menu is a prix fixe menu with 3 courses plus a drink. The first two courses are set while the third provides you with a selection of three different main entrees. FYI - I found the cursive font to be too small and distracting - making it difficult to read. We both ordered the iced tea which was made with black tea. It was a little too weak for my taste - I like my tea brewed strong and robust to stand up to the ice.Our first 2 courses were a chilled vegetable soup with custard/edamame and charred onion with chicken miso/bonito.The chilled vegetable soup with custard really didn't do anything for me. I suppose the biggest thing was the actual custard on the bottom. It did not have the velvety smooth texture of a wonderful chawan mushi due to the addition of perhaps some bonito/dashi flavoring to the base. Serving it with a overly thick soup spoon was also not a great decision as well - causing the layers to get macerated while trying to eat it. Flavor profile wise, the taste of the fish with the scant sprinkling of roasted rice puff matched well together.The charred onion with the bonito shavings and chicken miso was another huh? dish. I suppose charring the onion from the outside gave it a nice sweet root vegetable flavor. However having a hunk of thick chicken miso paste in the middle onion sliced in half was kind of an odd choice. So you tried to mix the half charred onion with the paste on the inside while trying to get a bit of the bonito shavings with each bite but that left the parts of the dish with too much or too little of the savory paste. Taste wise, it was okay but presentation needs work.Our third courses we chose the chicken ramen and the wagyu beef burger. I was sorely disappointed by the chicken ramen. The broth while suitably thick was hopelessly lacking in chicken flavor. As a matter of fact - it was really bland and horribly under seasoned. In my humble opinion, if you can't get the broth right, it's a lose-lose situation. Although the chicken chasu and the marinated egg were perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious, if the broth is bad? Forget it. Not to mention the ramen noodles were a tad over cooked. Would not recommend getting this dish.The wagyu beef burger was a little underwhelming. First of all, the burger was medium well - emphasis on the well - which kind of defeats the purpose of using wagyu beef. The portion of the beef was overwhelmed by the large bun and the butter lettuce. This was served with some parmesan fries which were rather pedestrian.I really wanted to love this place because I love Japanese cuisine and I hope this business succeeds. However given the level of cuisine today, I cannot highly recommend this place for lunch at this time.  That being said, depending on the dinner menu, I might be encouraged to return. 3-starred review.
5	It's an omakase style served up by two time Michelin star award, Chef Omae. The first time coming here, dare I say, is originally because I just wanted to eat here not only for the food, but to really say that I've been there. You enter, and it's just so intimate, quiet, beautiful. Probably like what a geisha would like if it were in the form of a restaurant? The layout looked similar to those Cohin (or Cohen?) designed establishments, with that infamous bidet feature in the bathroom. Then, I came for seconds, and now I intend to go for thirds..hopefully fourths. The food is just inedible, and you can't help but want to go back for more.Key takeaways:I've never had chilled soup until I came here and Chef Omae had served it to us. Nor have I ever experienced eating half an onion either. Your servings of the first and second courses are surely one that plays outside of your normal or cliche Japanese dishes (sushi or teriyaki anything). For sure his chilled soups are truly one of a kind and definitely a must try. Super refreshing, light, but yet has these nice layers of flavor and texture. RAMEN BROTH - is a foodly equivalent to Natalie Portman's presence and personality. Smart, sophisticated, beautiful, and rich. It's by far the best broth I've ever tasted. A lot of you might argue against that, but the broth is so thick, flavorful, and rich. It's the perfect thickness of the broth I think that gets me. First tiem I ordered the pork ramen which was heaven, and luckily I was able to try Yuhi's chicken broth. Dare I say that I might liek the chicken ramen better just because the chicken in it has this nice sweet flavor almost had me mistaken it for pork.WAGYU BEEF BURGER- Man...his seasoning in it and combination is far from what my mouth would normally expect from a burger. It had that good salty/garlic seasoning too that it kind of gives your taste buds a nice smack in its metaphorical ass. The end
4	I discovered a very filling and unique adventure at Omae, one that made me realize the potential that food has to become its best in the most simplest forms.  What Omae does in a short amount of time and with only three courses provided a very quiet but exciting experience.  With a small restaurant to seat up to 12 people (2 four-tops and 2 two-tops), reservations are required, and there are three times to arrive for lunch: 11am, 12pm, or 1pm.  We chose the last seating of lunch and arrived a few minutes early just in case.  We did have to wait since the meal was running behind for the last group from 12pm, but it was a nice wait.  There are 5-figure koi swimming around a tank to look at.  Once seated, we received a menu on a square serving plate and chose one of the three options for entrees, and I chose the wagyu burger.  The server, who handles all the tables solo, was very attentive and made sure that the kitchen wasn't overwhelmed with orders.  Each table flowed a certain way.The three course menu is simple and sweet, set beautifully with summer.  It progressed the way most courses do--from light to filling.  The colors and flavors made the experience even more enjoyable.  We started with the chilled edamame soup atop savory custard.The small rice puffs gave this chilled soup a lovely texture.  I didn't mix it to make a creamy soup; rather, I dug through the layers and ate it as it was presented.To the left in the spoon lies the custard base, followed by the lovely edamame soup on the right.  As I ate it, the texture changed from a watercress type of soup to a creamy and light one.  The rice puffs added this unique crispy texture to the experience.  I enjoyed every spoonful.  When this second course arrived of a charred onion with chicken miso and bonito flakes, I was taken aback.  I never experienced an appetizer of what is basically a baked onion with miso and bonito on top.  I leapt in with an open mind, however, and happily ate the sweet and salty second course with pleasure.  The soft and sweet onion is a great vessel to showcase the miso and chicken on top.  The bonito flake gives it a light, briny taste.  I pulled every sweet petal from the skin, never once looking up to acknowledge my partner for the meal, only eating in utter silence, happy and marking this one on my list of favorite things to eat.After finishing the second course, I was excited for my wagyu burger, chef's way, of course.  He added melted cheddar, red onions, tomato, and lettuce, with a wasabi sauce.  The burger is sloppy, juicy, with burger juice and melted cheese running down my hand--and I loved every bite. The meat wasn't hidden by any of the toppings at all.  I could taste the burger perfectly.  The parmesan fries weren't abandoned.  I ate every single one, even using my finger to wipe up the parmesan shavings on the plate once everything else was gobbled up.  Crispy, salty, cheesy--it was a perfect side for a great burger.We left with bellies full and look forward to the next luncheon at Omae.  With 3 current options for entrees--wagyu burger, thick ramen, or omurice--I have to come back and try the entire menu before it changes with the seasons.Thank you, Omae, for a great experience.They get 4/5 stars in my book.
3	I really wanted this place to be awesome. I love Japanese food and have tried many that are excellent from Japan to New York. So when I heard of this restaurant, heralded by a Michelin starred chef I had high expectations.Aside from the very small and intimate venue, he is currently only open for lunch. While small, his other parties were running behind so we had to wait an extra 30 minutes despite having/forced to have reservations. As an apology we were offered free dessert which I will address later.For the main courses we could select from tonkotsu ramen, black curry, or omurice (omelette on rice). Seeing as how I wanted to experience what this chef could deliver I ordered the ramen and the curry.The wok charred pork tobkotsu ramen was decent, and the charred actually translated into a burnt flavor. Decent but not as good as say monta or ippudo in Japan.The curry was a black beef curry that actually was better than the ramen, but still you could get a better curry at a real curry joint like Zen curry. I could tell that he used high quality beef, prime if not better but in the end both dishes weren't anything outstanding and you could find better alternatives, even locally.The dessert was some sort of green tea tiramisu, but it just failed to be a tasty dessert, we didn't even bother trying to finish it.For now this gets a 3 star, I am hoping his dinner offering improves.
4	Pre-fixe single menu + 12 seats. I'm not uber head over heals in love but Omae serves some pretty good stuff. Plus, it's so affordable it's worth at least 1 visit, maybe 2, or 3--really it depends on the menu. Speaking of menus... Omae, please. I generally don't carry a magnifying glass with me. USE NON-SCRIPT FONT LARGER THAN 4pt. My personal suggestion, Helvetica. A classic.I've been here twice on two different menus. Each had a chilled soup, a vegetable course + an entree. The chilled soups here are phenomenal. If you've never had a soup cold, this would be an excellent place to start and acclimate yourself. They're vegetable based, creamy, and amazing. One had an egg custard on the bottom which was phenomenal.The 2nd course always leaves something to be desired. Not bad just not special. Visit #1 consisted of a deconstructed shrimp salad. It was a miniature vegetable plate with a prawn for substance. Visit #2 was a half of a carmelized onion w/ miso paste. Tasty but just eh. Here's where your meal is either worth it, or not. If you're ordering Omurice as your entree, you just got ripped off--badly. If you order something more substantial, i.e. Ramen. It's 100% worth it to eat here. Omurice = Fried rice wrapped in egg. I've had many a fried rice(s) and Omae does not make the best. If you need fried rice in your life, holla and I'll steer you in the right direction. There was also a Wagyu burger on the menu which, while tasty, was not all that special. Personally, I''ve found that the ramen is a guaranteed delicious time as well as the only way to get your money's worth. I've had chicken and pork based ramen here and they were both excellent. Don't let a chicken-based broth frighten you. It's much richer than it sounds. They also have thicker, chewier noodles. woo.Call and make a rez.
4	Reservations only. Split checks OK (they use square system) Chef Omae is switching to a dinner service only at the price of $100/person on Sept 3rd, 2014. Only 4 tables. Two 4 seaters and two 2 seaters.We had originally wanted to try this restaurant 2 weeks ago but reservations were all gone on the day we wanted. So we found another day and it happened to be today. (Aug 05 2014)Decor is simple. Fairly dark setting. Aside from the 4 tables, there were a few kimono's hanging from the walls, as well as a koi pond next to one of the tables (our table). By this table, you'll also see descriptions of each fish, their names, as well as their worth/cost. oh my D:.... ranged from a few thousand up to over 28,000.... The menu had just recently changed (the menu is "served" in its own plate too LOL)-----------------------------------------------Appetizer--Vegetable Terrine - 10 kinds of vegetable jellied with a soy sauce flavor fish broth--Main Course--Assorted Tempura served over a bowl of rice - shrimp, lotus root, snow pea, pumpkin, oyster mushroom, scallop, and white fishWagyu Beef Burger with sliced tomato, red onion, lettuce and a side of fried potato and parmesan cheese--Dessert--Green Tea Tiramisu--Drinks--Coke, Diet Coke, Iced Tea, Iced Green Tea, Sparkling Water----------------------------------------------Vegetable terrine - My first experience ! I've seen it done in various shows before but I've never had it. I know its a clear broth that's solidified/gelatinized holding fresh vegetables and served. The fish broth was flavorful but light. Vegetables were fresh. some vegetables were pickled which added another element to the flavor. There was also a sauce to the side that was made with sesame and something else. I don't think it's pure sesame. Not overwhelming, but smooth. Probably the best course on the current menu. Assorted Tempura - Served in a huge bowl ! I just realized after looking at the menu, while typing this review, that mine didn't have the oyster mushroom nor the scallop. Wonder if the scallop was wrapped with the white fish... Though I am pretty sure i didnt have the oyster mushroom though. To be honest, this main dish wasn't anything out of the ordinary for me. If anything, it was a little underwhelming. The rice was a bit overcooked, so was a bit mushy. The sauce was nice, not too sweet. Batter was nice and light. Nothing made me go WOW! Wagyu Beef Burger - not my main course but i got to try it. The fries were nicely fried, topped with freshly grated Parmesan cheese. The "ketchup" is homemade. Our guess is they may create a broth with maybe bonito flakes and blend with a tomato paste or powdered bonito in a tomato sauce. It had a hidden flavor in the sauce. The burger overall was nice. The beef was soft but was a bit "rough". Not as smooth as i had hoped for. There are ways to make it smoother but i guess they wanted to maybe keep the texture without adding too much liquid. The sauce (guessing had wasabi in it) was nice. Not strong. Creamy but complimented nicely. Not a dish I would think of to represent japanese cuisine. Green Tea Tiramisu - Since we had 4 people, we had 4 servings. All of different sizes and shape. Lol... Probably made in a pan and was scooped out. I had the "best" looking one. Matcha powder and sugar sifted on top. Creamy and light marscapone. Have had better made green tea tiramisu but this was not bad. The lady fingers was a bit dry in comparison. Nice flavor overall. Presentation is a bit of a mess though and very inconsistent. Iced Green Tea - made with matcha powder. pretty strong. and refills (didn't expect this part but woo!) -------------------------------------------Overall experience, not bad. Would like to try it again if there is a menu change before lunch service ends in September. $20/person not bad to experience a 3 course meal designed by a michelin star chef.
3	3.5 stars possibly rather than 3? I have to say I am a little disappointed. I really wanted to say that I had the most amazing experience and food but I didn't. They open at 11:30 so don't try to come earlier than that. The ambiance was nice but it's definitely small so make your reservations! The chilled soup was good. I didn't like it as much as my husband did. The charred onion was the second course and I wasn't impressed. You definitely need the miso chicken paste that comes with it to make it taste like something edible. The onion was steaming hot though when it came out. For the main entree I decided to go with the chicken ramen and the husband got the Wagyu burger. My ramen lacked flavor....it was really thick so I'm sure there was a bunch of fatty goodness but it was so bland. I had to use the chili paste that was given but even then I didn't enjoy it. I do have to say the pork was flavorful but it didn't save the ramen. My husband enjoyed his burger and his fries but it wasn't worth $20. Overall service was good. Would I come back for $48 lunch? Nope. If they ever serve dinner I might pop back in but for me it was just ok.
4	Chef Omae hails from Tokyo with two Michelin stars back home and a tiny new place down the street from Chinatown- reservations available for lunch only ($20/pp pre-fixe), dinner service starts in September at $100/pp, then goes up to $150 in October. Went in to celebrate our monthly "anniversary". This week's entree options included the tempura rice bowl, the chicken ramen, and the wagyu beef burger- which they were out of by our 1PM reservation.First course was the VEGETABLE TERRINE- I was not expecting to like it much but it ended up being the highlight. Perfectly harmonious combination of jellied veggies with chicken and a mayo sauce on lotus leaf. BF called it one of the best things he's ever had. The TEMPURA OVER RICE, which sounded deceptively simple, was actually pretty phenomenal: lotus root, shrimp, snap pea, mushroom, and a single amazing scallop, all atop a great brown rice with ginger. Thin batter, perfectly cooked, very well balanced, this is a dish I'd order again.Sadly, it was a bit downhill from there. The CHICKEN RAMEN was thick but the broth was missing something, resulting in a flat, one-note flavor. Thick, chewy noodles, and several additional ingredients mixed in made a filling bowl.Dessert was the GREEN TEA TIRAMISU- The cream layer was amazing with just a touch of sweetness, but the bottom green tea layer was very gritty. Slightly bummed to miss the burger, may try to make it again before the end of the month. Figured we were better off with the more traditional entrees but was disappointed by the dish I'd hurried here to try- the ramen.Overall, great value for the current special pricing and the intimate environment is perfect for a special event. Service was attentive and went the extra mile to email the day's menu prior to our reservation.
5	Couldn't wait to go try some great food by a Michelin Star Chef.  Chef Omae took over Morimoto XEX in Tokyo and recieved a Michelin start,  the restaurant subsequently was renamed Omae XEX.  He decided to open an off the strip price fixe menu for local Las Vegas!  Currently only open for lunch, but soon for dinner(also no liquor license at the moment).  At a price of $20 per person for a 3 course, it can't be beat!!  The menu is always changing but here is a breakdown of our 3 courses:1st - Egg custard with Edamame soup - amazing flavors, almost reminded me of the egg custards at Roku.  The Edamame gave a good added flavor at the end.2nd - Charred onion with Chicken miso and dried Bonito shavings - my least favorite of the courses.  I appreciated the flavors, the charring of the onion really decreased the intensity of the onion flavor and helped it marry with the miso and bonito.  But it felt as if it was missing something3rd(main) - There were 3 choices, we picked the chicken ramen and the waygu burger.  The Ramen was a large portion, a little unexpected given previous courses.  The noodle wasn't your typical noodle, it was thicker and almost seemed more absorbant, as it took in much of the broth flavor.  The Burger was on another level completely!  The burger was rich and perfectly cooked, on a simple bun with lettuce and tomato.  The mustard used on the burger really made the flavors of it all pop, I believe it was a wasabi type mustard.
5	I got to eat food prepared by a Michelin starred chef, while sitting at the only table in his restaurant, and I got to shake his hand afterward. How cool is that?I'm still over the moon and grateful for the opportunity that, as Nelson Q. pointed out, will disappear in just a couple of weeks when chef Takeshi Omae transitions completely from his $20 soft opening prix fixe lunch to his actual $100 prix fixe dinner. It was an added bonus that we ended up being the only 2:30pm reservation today, so we even got to sit at the table for 4 despite being only a pair of hungry diners. They actually flipped the sign on the door from "Open" to "Closed" after we sat down. It was a serendipitous VIP-like experience.Decor is nice. Lighting is fairly muted. Music and koi pond water are both fairly relaxing. Menu is a bit hard to read with the small font and dim lighting (and some interesting typos), but it was nice to have it presented to us in a dish of its own.One beverage is included in the price, so I chose iced green tea. It is solid, authentic iced matcha tea. It tasted better before dessert, so I didn't find much value in the included refill.On to the food. First course was the vegetable terrine with ginger chicken. It's a very modest portion of each and is paradoxically served in a gigantic bowl. The ginger chicken is served cold with a creamy sauce, and it is about as good as you can reasonably expect it to be. The vegetable terrine was sweet overall, with a soft gelatin surrounding crunchy vegetables. I wasn't dazzled, but I don't think that would have been a reasonable expectation anyway from just an appetizer.We both chose the same second course, the pork tonkotsu ramen. Tempura with rice and wagyu burger both sounded interesting, but neither of them were compelling enough for me. Owing to inadvertent VIP status, I received my ramen fairly quickly after I had finished my appetizer. The ramen is served with an almost awkwardly wide spoon that I would call a very shallow ladle, and they currently have bamboo chopsticks, so I'm curious to hear whether they get fancy for dinner.Immediately, I tasted the broth, which was filled with savory pork goodness and surprisingly light on salt. The thin noodles are chewy, meeting the standard for good ramen. The chashu is meaty and quite delicious. The bamboo shoots are juicy, with perhaps the most actual bamboo flavor that I've had in bamboo prepared for ramen. The egg does not have a runny yolk, which is actually par for the course as far as I've seen, but the yolk somehow seems marinated despite the egg remaining wholly intact. It reminds me more of the hard-boiled look but with a softer solid, I suppose. The fungus (excuse my lack of knowing the actual name) and green onions helped to round out the flavors. Overall, I can't definitively say that it's the best pork tonkotsu ramen that I've experienced, but it is very clearly in the top tier.Dessert was green tea tiramisu, and it may have been the highlight. It is not heavy at all in either the cake or the cream, but it is sweet, moist, full of matcha flavor, and assertive without being overpowering. It is more of a substantial portion than the appetizer is. I think this is actually my favorite green tea cake to date.After dessert and taking care of the check, we walked around to the koi pond. My friend actually has some experience with koi and asked our host ("server" just doesn't seem right) about the koi, which we had seen listed table side as having a firm sale price in the tens of thousands. Turns out that they are actually really hard to grow to such a large size while retaining the colorful variations in their scales, most large koi being entirely black. Interestingly enough, they don't actually feed the koi more than once a month.Toward the end of the koi conversation, chef Omae actually walked out, which I had been quietly hoping for all along. We told him how much we enjoyed the food and thanked him for it. And yes, I really did get to shake his hand (although, come to think of it, I probably should have bowed).If pressed, I would admit that it's a 4.5 or even a 4 star value for the food. The fifth star is for the intangibles. I certainly hope to come back for dinner eventually and I wish chef Omae the best of luck.
4	Massive potential to become one of the top destinations for Japanese haute cuisine in Vegas.Understand, if your idea of Japanese is Raku, Yonaka Modern, or heaven forbid, Goyemon, this is not your place.  Think barMASA minus several hundred bucks.The components are there, from the authentic dishes showcasing Japanese aesthetics, and suability to the very intimate dining space and 2014 trendy, sketchy strip mall location.  That said, don't go expecting a Michelin dining experience straight from Tokyo rather honest, Japanese food in an environment to match.Yes, the chef comes from Michelin pedigree.  Yes, he has worked with Morimoto at XEX.  But in true Japanese style, Omae himself is the chef and personally prepares the dishes served.Selections form the three course lunch menu showcase the chefs talent.  An incredible multi layer vegetable soup with a base of sweet edamame and mixed green veg puree with shitake, above a sweetened earthy soy gelee and to top it off, an airy puree of avocado and sake.  The unevenness of each spoonful elevates the enjoyment.  Sometimes more earthy and salty, other times sweet vegetal flavors with the aroma of the sake.The chicken based ramen, atypical of any single Japanese regional specialty, showcases an intense chicken broth thickened with its own collagen, hints of sake, soy, and sesame that envelopes perfectly cooked, toothsome wide ramen noodles.  Tender pieces of mirin marinated then just grilled through chicken atop with a soft poached egg.  Very well balanced dish.If these dishes are any indication of what we can expect from the chef as he expands to dinner service, this could be a real winner.Note:  $20 three course lunch only until 08.31.14.  $100 multi course dinner 09.03.14 until the end of the month,  $150 thereafter.  Reservations for dinner service required.
4	What a steal!  For $20, we had the following:- Chilled layer soup with custard at the bottom:  Delicious.  First chilled soup I had and it was unique.-Charred onion with chicken miso and bonito:  Wow...who knew such combination has such a bold flavor. -Wagyu Burger w/Parmesan Fries:  Did not disappoint.  The housemade ketchup was super good as well.The meal comes with a drink and I opted for Calpico drink.  The service was on point, and I enjoyed this lunch experience.
5	"Small intimate dining establishment by the newest Michelin starred chef in Vegas"Over the years, Las Vegas have become more food-centric than gaming-centric. There was a lot of talk about the soft opening of this restaurant. A $20 prix fixe 3-course lunch will be the test for the soft opening prior to moving on to a prix fixe dinner that maybe 5-6x that price. The lunch features an appetizer, main and dessert. At the time of this writing, the restaurant have started their dinner service. The menu is not set and will change on a daily basis. Overall, I would say if they hold the same quality from lunch to dinner, there will be no shortage of customers. Please note service is slower than usual due to the kitchen crew. You will pass the kitchen on your way to the lavatory, you will see why. Additionally, there are 4 tables (2 tables of 2 and 2 tables of 4), the seats are wider and comfortable. In other words, this is a meal thats suppose to be savored and not dine and go.I will be back here the next time I am in vegas with at least with foodie friend.
4	Items Selected:MatchaSakizuke - Ikura and Mushrooms with Grated Daikon, Ponzu SauceZensai - Amaebi Tartar, Celeriac Puree, Tomato Sorbet, Shrimp ChipsMushimono - Steamed Scallop, Mozzarella, Grated Turnip, Golden Brown SauceSashimi - Salmon, Horse Mackerel, Red Snapper, Scallop from the Tsukiji Fish Market with Japanese Plum, ginger, wasabiSumiyaki - Charcoal Grilled Cod with Truffle Soy Sauce over RiceTeppan - Grilled Wagyu Steak with Roasted Onion and Wasabi Mashed Potatoes with Shallot Soy SauceA5 Kobe Upgrade  +$80Cold Drip CoffeeDessert - Greet Tea Tiramisu, Mochi Coated Strawberry, Assorted Berries, Yuzu Cream Spoon, Vanilla Cream Puff, Passion Fruit GeleeToqued by Takeshi Omae, a man bestowed stars from Michelin in Japan and one with plans to expand his culinary concepts stateside, Japanese Cuisine by Omae originally launched at 3650 South Decatur a few months back and with early praise lavished on the $20 lunch it was finally in September that the twelve seat space debuted its true vision, a $100 Omakase to which myself and four friends sat down on Saturday night.  Intimate in size with a pair of four-tops and a duo of two seaters set beneath subdued chrome lights in hushed dining area decorated with kimono and koi it was just moments before our 5:30 reservation that our group settled in and with beverage service currently limited to non-alcoholic options green tea and sparkling water ordered, our one-man service team keeping cups brimming throughout our seven-course experience while presenting each dish in great detail.  Measured in pace with portions trending small as the two-man kitchen turned out edible works of art without a single detail overlooked it was with a textbook bite of delicate tempura set next to briny baubles of salmon roe that our meal began and progressing next to dishes melding sweet shrimp with tomato sorbet and briny to soft mozzarella the team's creativity took the spotlight early, a large bowl of elegantly plated, though unfortunately common, sashimi selections reigning things in before moving to plates more substantial.  To this point impressed, though not particularly 'wowed' by any single course, it was finally the Sumiyaki that saw all five of us swoon as umami-rich rice provided a crispy juxtaposition to flaky fish and finishing up with reference standard beef, simply prepared with a light kiss from the grill, alongside aromatic mashed potatoes preceding a board of small, elegant desserts plus Japanese 6-hour drip coffee the evening ended strong, no one particularly full but everyone discussing how Las Vegas needs more restaurants of this kind.Undeniably a dining 'experience' as opposed to a simple meal it will be interesting to see how well Omae fares in its current format, the pricetag apparently prone to an increase of $50 at the end of the month.  Oddly located, though really no more-so than Raku or Kabuto, and easily on par with the skill-set of any Strip-based omakase while proving quite capable of sourcing premium ingredients including A5 Kobe direct from Japan the longevity of Omae will be dependent, largely, on the support of locals and in a city where the 'next big thing' is never more than a week away I truly hope the restaurant finds it audience early on and word of mouth spreads quickly, though I must say even the current pricepoint makes me leery.
5	1) Had lunch about 2:48 pm Sat/27 Sep:- For a good cause   http://bit.ly/1sGLyhF- Only $15 for beef+chicken ramen (awesome) and curry rice (good) on the side.- Looking forward to Oct's lunch menu   https://twitter.com/TakeshiOmae- I couldn't seem to book via Yelp a 2:30 pm reservation so figured I'd just show up and see what happens.  Hiro(?), the maitre d/waiter saw me enter, he looked at a fellow employee who gave an okay signal, so I was fine to have lunch there.  I asked Hiro if I could get a dinner reservation that night, he confirmed that I could so2) Had dinner at 8 pm:- $100 for 7 courses.  I'm cheap so I wanted to get in on this before prices bumped up to $150 in Oct.- The first 4 courses were tasty, the last 3 courses made me realize how great a Michelin starred chef is.  The 5th course was sashimi using goods flown in from that Tokyo fish market, and it was buttery soft deliciousness.  The 6th course was wagyu beef (first time I've had it) and I didn't know beef could be so tenderly delectable (makes me think these are the Japanese cows that get pampered/boozed up and massaged by their handlers).  From now on I'm ordering wagyu beef if it's on the menu (I think I've seen it on Carnevino, Cut, etc, menus but I had stuck with American beef to be price-conscious). - The 7th course was dessert and I liked the green tea tiramisu but I loved the ginger ice cream (does that make it healthy?).  For a drink I had the iced green tea which was a hearty iced drink.- Thank you to Mr. Omae, Hiro and the staff at Japanese Cuisine.
5	We enjoyed an incredible dinner here tonight - having dined at Michelin star rated chef's restaurants in Tokyo, Japan, I can assure you - this is the real deal!  You get to enjoy an artfully presented, well balanced tasting menu that leaves you full, but not stuffed.  Truly a great experience, and one not to be missed!! :)
1	If this guy can get two Michelin stars for his cooking then that award is obviously not about the quality of the food. I ate lunch here and it was one of the most dissatisfying experiences ever. For example, this guy baked half an onion and sprinkled some miso powder on top of it... Like, WHOAH SO IMPRESSED! The burger was average and the fries were grease-city. Does this chef Omae really cook here? Or is some mediocre chef using that name to scam customers?Oh! And if you have an extra $30,000 in your wallet, you can buy a fish from this place. Chef Omae proudly displays his For Sale signs of his ridiculously priced coys right next to the booth where you eat. You can't really see the fish, but you can sure see the signs and how much money they're worth. It reminded me of a little boy that is showing off how much money he has. I'm done!
3	3.5 starsCame here for lunch during one of their special menus...You pretty much have to book a reservation- this place is tiny!The only option for lunch that day was their tonkotsu ramen for $10.  The food was delicious and the service was awesome but I wish I could have had a bit more variety- like a salad or some side dish to give my palette a break in between the richness of the ramen.I love the concept of this place but again, I was not expecting such a limited menu (although that's partly my fault for not reading the details).  I will likely try to stop by here again in the future to give it another try.
5	This is one of the newest, hottest restaurants in Las Vegas with prices to match, however, 2 time Michelin winning chef Takeshi Omae was serving lunch in October for the benefit of a Japanese orphanage where he was raised so I made the required reservation for 12:15PM on a Saturday afternoon.  The only entree offered was spicy tonkotsu ramen soup topped with tender slices of pork, scallions and egg. Our seats had a partial view of the kitchen so I could see as the chef meticulously  prepared each dish.  This was by far the best ramen we have ever experienced.  The very moderate $10 price tag also included a small portion of green tea tiramisu which was pretty good but paled in comparison to its Italian counterpart.
4	It is impressive that the thought and preparation that goes into your meal includes a personal representative purchasing fish at the Tsukiji Fish Market in Japan.  Not wasted, the freshest and best fish is accompanied by small additions that make it more special - small slivers of kelp, tasty small plums, and fresh ground wasabi (ground on a paddle with dried shark skin no less).  The uni is in some delicate type of aspic, so exercise caution when picking it up.  The Wagyu beef was buttery and accompanied by a house made steak sauce.     Several deserts were provided, best of which were green tea tiramisu and a coffee shooter in a spoon.
5	wow!! the food and the service was excellent.  Very small place, so only reservations are accepted.  We did the 6 course meal and it was a delight to the eye as well as to the palate.  Service was super! We had the shabu-shabu and saw the certificate from the cow for the wagyu beef.  Was a bit sad that I saw the cow had a name and well as parents, but then I thoroughly enjoyed the sacrifice it made so I enjoyed meeting him (or rather eating him)  Each course was just delightful!
2	It's tough to review this place as I'm partially biased that they can't serve alcohol yet (and won't let my BYOB!) and way more important was that it took over 3 hours for a 7 course meal that cost $150 per and I left unsatisfied. That being said. We had the ama ebi tartar with shrimp chips. Not bad. (Took pic) then we had the steamed fish which was a combination of scallops, white fish and shrimp served inside of yuzu. (Took pic again but was hard to capture) - this was an incredible combination of fish with the tang of yuzu. Next they showed us what fresh wasabi was like when grated. If you've never had this before its both refreshing and palate cleansing. Awesome. (Of course I took another pic- but don't be confused as this was for two people)Then came the sushi. After a long two hour wait was the yummy sushi. Ebi, abalone, white fish (wasn't clear) Japanese plumbs, squid and seaweed. (Pic- upper left was dried plums to die for!)Next was steamed seabass which was the usual soy sauce with scallions and tofu (pic)  definitely looked better than tasted. Slightly flaky with the sweet of miso glaze but I've had better. Next (pic) was the wagyu and the certificate of authenticity. There's a Japan Carcass Verification Buteau?!! The wagyu beef was fantastic but then again I was about 3 hours into a meal and was thinking of what pho place was nearby to satisfy me. I had to add the pic of the wagyu beef as the 'pinch of salt' looked like a line of coke. Didn't need any pho after that!!Food - 3.5Service - 3Length of time for dinner - 1Value for price for all the above - 1Nelson called it with the more misses than hits
4	Came to Omae for his $15 fundraising lunch special of miso tonkotsu wok charred ramen and black curry.  Both were delicious.  I could eat that lunch over and over.  We made reservations in advance and were the only ones in the restaurant.  Food came out quick and service was good.  I knew of the prix fixe menu but was a little surprised when they just brought out our food, we weren't offered drinks and I was really hoping we could add the green tea tiramisu for dessert.  Oh well, will just have to come back for dinner.
5	Prepare yourself for an amazing pseudo-private experience. The food/dining experience is something hat you will never forget. The food is amazing.  The service is impeccable.
1	There are too many limitations for this restaurant. First, you must give them the credit card number to complete your reservation, if you could not come or cancel the reservation later they would still charge you. Second, they only serve omakase during the dinner time, and if you are the first time to come here, they will charge you a higher price than repeated dinner customers.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant off the Strip. We had a 6 course meal here for only $100 each. Such a steal when you consider what we had!!1. Chawanmushi with asparagus- super light, flavorful, egg was cooked perfectly2. Sashimi platter (halibut, sweet shrimp, uni, oyster with caviar, salmon roe with rice): all super fresh and tasty, with freshly-grated wasabi3. Fried fishcake- made from the halibut with a sweet chili glaze (probably the weakest item IMO)4. Shabu shabu (with certified Wagyu beef and Kurobota pork)- the soup base was sweet and rich (almost like sukiyaki?), filled with noodle, tofu, and veggies including carrot, onions, and scallions. It also came with a sesame foie gras dipping sauce (but couldn't really taste foie gras).5. Risotto with shaved truffle- basically porridge made with the broth from your soup, with added egg and pork6. Dessert- interesting platter including a mochi with red bean and fresh strawberry on the inside, chocolate souffle with ginger ice cream, etc.Our server was extremely professional and knowledgeable. We learned about the use of fresh wasabi (even got to grate it ourselves) and saw and learned about the certificate for the Wagyu beef. He also even took a picture for us (special occasion), and had one developed and printed for us before we left. I can easily why the Chef has a Michelin star; everything was so well thought out and executed perfectly.We can't wait to come back and try the other menu sets!
4	michelin style service, food quality and price. freshest sashimi in town!p.s. heated toilet seat is a plus!
