3	My flatmate quite enjoys going here whenever he can't be bothered to cook himself an actual meal. Because the chips are really cheap and plentiful. I've only ever been in a few times and mainly for pizza. That is, when I'm not up for splashing out on Delicious Italian. Their pizzas are quite standard. But they do have this one kind with garlic and aubergine which is pretty amazing. I mean, you don't wanna watch him putting the thing together, because everything comes out of jars and cans, but it's so garlicky and so cheesy and so salty!I wouldn't tell anyone: you must go here. I wouldn't rant and rave about it, because it just isn't that spectacular. But. It's right downstairs. So if I have someone over who's desperate for food, cheap, greasy food, I send them there. It's all circumstantial, really. And in the right circumstance, this place can be exactly what you need.
3	It's hard to get too excited about a chippy, but as far as they go this is a fairly good one. In fact, it was here that I first tried Deep Fried Haggis (scots will quite literally deep fry anything!) altough they do serve pizzas, a few pastas and all the usual greasy fried things that come with chips.It's definitely one to stay away from if you're even vaguely watching your figure - when a friend of mine ordered a cheeseburger, naively expecting a burger and some cheese in a bun. Instead, they put a slice of cheese between two burgers and dep fried the whole lot, then served it on top of a huge pile of chips.Greasiness aside, the staff are friendly and it's not bad value for money either.
3	Living on Sciennes Road a few years ago, I was pretty much halfway between Salvatore's and Franco's, and like a East Coast versus West Coast rap battle covered in batter, war raged every time we'd go for a takeaway. Franco's slightly won in the end, just because it's a little bit cheaper for what you get but Salvatore's is still pretty good.It's a chippy so you pretty much know what you're going to get. Grease, fat and batter are the operative words here but it's all pretty tasty stuff. The sausages are good, as is the haggis and the chips are fair enough. It's still pretty cheap as well, which is always a bonus, and the staff are friendly. If you live in Marchmont, you can do a lot worse than here for all your chippy needs.
3	Not the best chippy and definately not the worst. This has been my local for a long time, I dont eat chippy food that often but what I get here is consistant and it is round the corner. :DPlus points - Chips are pretty good- there is seating- pizzas are average, but consistant and inexpensive.  - the haggis is great- fish is okay- good lunch time deals- always open it seems these daysMinus- It is a bit average in terms of quality- Some items are a little pricyNoticed the comments from JoeA below. Yep that sounds like Mr Salvatore. I kind of like that he doesnt hide his disdain for people, it comes accross refreshing at times especially in Marchmont.  When you see what he has to put up with then yep I can understand.
