5	This is a great place. The owners are very wine savvy and their recommendations are spot-on. They also serve food, lunch and dinner, prices are great as is the food. They also have some of the best prices and selection of wine in Charlotte. If you have not been there, then you are in for a treat. Dino and Charles are the best. I forgot to talk about the wine tastings. Some really great wines at the tastings.
5	Very nice wine shop and the owner is very friendly.  Expect to get greeted at the door with a hand shake and a personal introduction.  They have a huge selection of wine and it's very reasonably priced.  A bottle of Conundrum is $21 and there is no corking fee.  They also have a nice patio out front if you don't want to hang out inside.  I hear they have food but I haven't had the opportunity to try it yet.
4	My first time at Cru tells me I will be back - soon. This is a wine shop like I have not seen recently. We were met at the door and welcomed in as if we were entering the owner's home. While there, a wine tasting was going on, a musician was singing and playing guitar and outside a book club was having their monthly meeting. This is a very nice venue.
5	What a gem of a place..and right in my backyard too!  My gym is right beside Cru so I pass by it everyday (well..almost everyday).  This place is always packed so I  decided to go see what the buzz was about.  I am so happy that I did!They have live music every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights (I believe the schedule is seasonal and posted on their website).  The crowd is a lively, fun bunch and the owner(s) is such a sweetheart!  For those on a budget, they have a wall of quality wine bottles for under $15.Wonderful wine, staff, and location!  I will definitely be back!
5	Tucked into the cozy corners of Toringdon off of Johnston Rd, Cru is one of the coziest Wine Shops I've been to in Charlotte. One side of the room is choc a bloc filled with row after row and shelf after shelf of wine. Bottles from all over that would make any grape-goer weak at the knees. There's also a super fancy "humidor" type room with specialty bottles. I bet they don't allow children in that room. AKA muy expensive products. The owner immediately becomes your best friend. My wife and I came in around 7pm on a Thursday evening and he remembered her name from over a year ago. Now that, ladies and gents, is a downright amazing proprietor. He was cordial, knowledgeable and suave. They have a cooler in the back with some great craft/local beers. A bit pricey for a take home sixer, but if you're planning on staying and only having one or two, prices aren't too shabby. Apparently they do 20% off on Thursdays if you bring a lady friend AND they have live music! Hello, Thursday night! So glad to have stumbled into this fantastic place! Cheers!
4	This place is definitely worth checking out.  The owner is so friendly and will always greet you with a firm handshake & a genuine smile.  Its a nice place to get together with friends over some wine with a cheese platter to munch on or great for an intimate date with your significant other.  Outside patio when the weather is nice.
5	This place is great.  Owner is always here and shakes our hands every time we come in.  Fridays and Saturdays usually have great music.  The wife and I don't really drink wine but their beer selection is pretty good.  Service is probably just how you'd want it for a wine bar with the servers giving you space and time.  For beer drinkers like me and my wife we'd prefer a little more attentiveness but can't really fault them.Can't really say enough good things about this place.  Never had a bad experience after 10 or so visits.
5	Really wanted a glass of wine so we thought we would give this place a shot! The owner/manager walked right up to us, shook our hands and introduced himself! He filled us in on the special perks of the place, told us to grab any bottle of wine and have a seat! Right away our waitress was there to help us.
5	We all had great fun.  We heard the music last Thursday night walking to our car.  There was a fellow playing guitar and mandolin and that caught our attention.  We all went in and enjoyed some great wine.  We enjoyed the atmosphere and the friendyly feel.  I am from Europe where live music and hospitality is a big deal.  So to my local family - this was awesome.  The fellow playing was nice enough to play a few Dave Matthews songs as well as some music from the Emerald Isles.   Nice way to call it a night.
4	Excellent place for friends, wine and food.  Charles, the owner, is truly the face of Cru..he is alway there to welcome you and make you feel at home. The best surprise is awesome food!  Come for the wine and stay for the food and really good live music.
4	Tbd
5	First of all I need to say that I have never been to a wine bar and am not a huge wine fan, but being that my girlfriend is a huge wine-o we decided to give this place a chance. After this experience I'd have to say I'm a wine bar fan or at least of this place.My favorite part about this experience was the service. Instantly upon entering, we were greeted by who I assumed to be the owner. It wasn't as if this place was slow either it was really busy. He very considerately walked us to our high table and even offered wine recommendations allowing us to try it before we purchased the entire bottle. Before we knew it we were 2 bottles of wine down.The live music was my second favorite part of this experience. It is my understanding that they offer live music pretty much every night during the week. The music was outstanding. I didn't know the musician but she sang from my favorite genre of music: the oldies and she had a great voice.My third favorite was the wine and I have to say I am more of a beer and liqour guy but the wine here was very good and there seemed to be a very wide selection.Going back to my favorite part of my experience: the service! As we were on our way out I noticed the owner and gave him a quick thank you as he was in the middle of a conversation. I next heard him apologize to the group and noticed him walking to the door. He then thanked us for stopping in to and wished us a good night. I was just amazed at this over-the-top gesture!This was a tremendous experience and I hope everyone who reads this review will go to Cru Wine Shop for an incredible experience. We will for sure be back!!!
5	I was instantly greeted with a welcoming smile and a strong handshake by the owner when I walked in. This place is cozy and fun!  They had live music with lots of patron engagement. It was a unexpected fun night. As people were leaving, the owner made  it a point to walk over and say goodbye. Def will be going back.
4	Went to Cru to get a gift card for a friend for the holidays. Because it was such a miserable, rainy day outside, we decided to stay for a glass of wine. As others have said, we were greeted with a friendly handshake from the owner. There was a small group at the large table in the center taking a wine course, complete with an instructor, plenty of wine and a presentation on different wine regions.We took our seats at the bar, and went back and forth on what to order. Two of the reds we were interested in weren't available. There are only maybe 8 or so red wines listed by the glass, so it was a little frustrating to have our first choices unavailable.The woman behind the bar, as well as the owner, recommended some other options, however. And they were very generous about letting us taste two different ones before we selected our reds. The pours are generous and the wine was very, very good. In my house we call those types of pours "Stanton" pours, for my father who believes a glass of wine ought to have a slight undertow. For $8-$13 though, a generous pour is a prerequisite.We enjoyed the warmth of the decor and walls, and people which were in a stark contrast to the cold, gray dreariness going outside.When we were finished with our wine, we inquired about getting a gift card. In retrospect we probably should have asked for it up front because it took a little while, as the woman behind the bar needed the owner to help us get rung up with one and he was otherwise engaged.Cru has a great interior, and they also have entertainment during the week. We'll definitely go back. I like its laid back style, as opposed to another (heretofore unnamed) wine shop in Ballantyne Village which is much more of a "see and be seen" place. Cru just has a more welcoming ambience.
4	I decided to stop by to have a glass of wine after having a pedi a few doors down and am so glad I finally checked this place out. Since it was a bit chilly outside, I decided to go for a red and asked the server to surprise me with a good Cab. I was very pleased with the wine  and the bar itself is very cute and comfy. I can't wait to come back and check out more of their wine selections.  Also, my server told me about the live music and I think if you are looking for a cool place to hang out in the Ballantyne area, you should check it out.
4	We had a great time here when meeting up with friends.  This is a place where a number of Meetup groups come regularly, so it can get crowded.  Charlie (I think) was super helpful along with his waitstaff.  Of course you can buy wine by the glass or bottle off the menu, but might as well buy something from their shelves and open it up there.  Having a sub-$15 section of wines also helps for those looking to enjoy a nice casual evening.  When there's live music, it gets pretty loud but expected.We did have the Nathan flatbread dish (Chicken, pancetta, onion, pepperoncini, cilantro, jack, and cheddar).  It was pretty good, nothing special for the $12 price tag, but it was much needed to temper the multiple glasses of great wine available.  Would definitely come back, but I will plan to eat before I come.
5	This is both a great wine shop and wine bar. The owner greets you upon entering! Charles is very kind and even helped us find a place to stand while waiting for seats to open up. They were really busy the Saturday night we went, great live music too! We had a few dishes to pair with the wine, a nice flatbread and a meats/cheeses plate. Small menu but portions are generous, unlike another wine bar in the area. Charles notified us immediately upon seats opening at the bar and we comfortably sat and enjoyed our libations and the music. It wasn't too loud, we could still have a conversation with each other. You can order by the glass or buy a bottle off the racks with no corkage fee. Cru has very reasonable bottle prices as well. Highly recommend!
5	I was finally able to stop in here after work before going uptown to celebrate Kelly C.s birthday at VBGB. Three of us girls stopped by and were greeted by Charles the owner with a strong handshake and a smile. We were told to sit anywhere so we picked a table in the middle, and ordered a bottle of wine, and the pimento cheese which is served with warm pita triangles, celery, and a fanned strawberry. We picked the most inexpensive Cabernet bottle for the table, but the one on the menu isn't what is served anymore, so I cannot remember the name. It was a very good bottle for $22 (or so). The pimento cheese was also very good. Definitely a homemade flavor and the pita was what really won me over. So delicious! Normally they have a live band play at 7. We were unable to stay to watch them play but one of the musicians did come over and introduce himself. It seems like they all remember faces very well because they all recognized Kelly. I can't wait to go back, what a cute little spot, and so convenient!
5	I love Cru Wine Shop.  When I think about Cru, I kind of feel like Chris Traeger from Oarks & Rec, because it is LITERALLY my favorite wine shop in Charlotte.Charles, the owner, is so friendly and welcoming.  I've been here a few times and always feel right at home - and it's not just because they stock a lot of wine too.  They have live music on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, but I've driven by a few times where it looks like they've got someone singing on a Tuesday.  This is certainly a place for regulars.  Charles has seen me walking my dog a few times (great little pet store right next door), and he said Thor is welcome to Cru anytime!  Haha.  I love coming here on any night in the summer, sitting outside and relaxing with a glass of wine. They have a small food menu too - I highly recommend the quesadilla and the pimento cheese.  :)
5	Hubby and I went to Cru Wine Shop Saturday based on our favorite bartender's reviews from Bad Daddy's Burger Bar!  We were warmly greeted by the owner, Chuck and enjoyed sampling several tasty food items with a wonderful bottle of Shiraz.  A singer/guitarist came at 7pm and made the night for us with his fabulous voice and terrific song choices.  All in all, a great place to hang out with just your hubby or with friends.  We will be back!
5	A+++++++Again& again& again & again!!!Thank you Gretchen for fantastic service and a great experience!!
5	Charles the owner is AWESOME! Great wine selection for a relatively small shop. Nice Tapas style food as well. Competitive prices for their wine. All the above makes this an excellent place to enjoy wine. Bacchus would be proud!
5	Great spot for lunch.  Quiet, great food, great seating and atmosphere.  Excellent wines by the glass.  Free Wifi.
5	Stopped by late Friday night to have a drink and check out the scene. It was past 11pm and already dying down as we had assumed as the band had just finished but since they were open until 12 we figured it was worthwhile anyway as there were still several tables enjoying themselves. Reviews were spot on...owner Charles warmly welcomes you with a handshake and makes you feel like an instant friend. Place has a lot of charm and has a nice outdoor sitting area. Look forward to coming back a little earlier next time to take advantage of the live entertainment and even dining there as they have a nice menu to go along with the extensive beverage selections.
5	Please go here and enjoy a glass or bottle of wine with delicious small plates/dinner/dessert.  I enjoy coming here every time because the atmosphere is fun, relaxed and very chill. They also have free wine tasting, live entertainment and classes. Charles (owner) is such a great & welcoming guy to all of his patrons.  He makes you want to come back and sit down with him to have a drink or a chat. If you get food please try the fries, pimento cheese, Mediterranean pasta (no chicken in mine) or a cheese platter.  If you want to pair the wine and food together just ask anyone of the staff or Charles and they will be more than happy to help you. Enjoy a fun evening after work or make it a weekend get together, but this is a contender on the wine/dine list.
4	Solid 4 stars for Cru.  We came here on a rainy Thursday evening, but had the best time.  There was live music playing and the staff, though super busy, was very friendly and explained how their wine shop worked.  Also was a wine tasting (FREE) and I think that's what caused most of the crowd, but I didn't get to sample anything since I was too busy trying to figure out what to order from the menu.Apparently if you don't find anything you want to drink on the menu, you can pull a bottle from the shelves and they will open it for you (also have beer in the back as well -bottles).We ordered some snacks to much on while drinking... all of the cheeses and meats were tasty and there were plenty on the menu to create your own awesome charcuterie spread.Overall the space was a lot bigger than I thought, lots of tables and spaces to meet folks, have some great wine, and have a nice evening.
5	This is a great neighborhood wine shop that's good for somebody with particular tastes all the way to a grape juice box expert. The selection is great for such a small place and somebody from the staff (usually the owner) will greet you at the door. If you don't know what you're looking for, just describe what you like in wine and food and they'll find a good match.This is also an excellent date spot in the Ballantyne area. The ambiance is phenomenal and there's usually live music playing. It's a dressy-casual place. Casual enough that you can dress comfortably, yet nice enough to keep the Miller Lite crowd away.If you're looking for a fun and relaxing evening out in Ballantyne with a date or friends, this is is the place to go.
4	Funky spot in Ballantyne with fun live music, diverse and not overpriced wine selection and quality food. The flatbreads were great and the cheese plate was good as well. Service was attentive and the crowd was fun with quite a mix of people
5	Absolutely love this place! A hidden gem in the heart of Ballantyne. Independently owned and operated AND the owner Charles is always present, which says so much about how he cares for his business and customers....by personally welcoming each person who walks through the doors. He helps serve, checks in with other patrons and is most definitely why this place has thrived. Open mic night on Tuesday is my favorite night to go. Headed up by Sean Keyser, it's  alway amazing and offers up some of the best local talent I've seen anywhere. Many choices for wine easily within budget. Food is wonderfully pared and delicious. Staff is genuinely kind and helpful. Fun, eclectic, upbeat, neighborhood hangout. Regardless of whether or not you live in the area, come out and enjoy a real treat!
5	Excellent small place to go for wine. Charles is always friendly and helpful.
5	Love love love this gem of a wine shop! Every special occasion I ever had has been held here. I met my husband here, we had our first date here, we got engaged here, we had our engagement party here, our after wedding party here, celebrate anniversaries, birthdays, New Years... you name it. The music here is local and fun, the staff is friendly and knows your likes/dislikes, the food is fresh and delicious, and the wine ranges in price and taste to suite everyone. What makes this place 5 stars is the owner, Charles Watson. He takes the time to personally know you, to meet you, to shake your hand, to walk you out. It's that personal touch that makes you coming back for more, to make Cru your home away from home. Cru is definitely the Cheers of Ballantyne!
5	Check out this little wine shop in the burbs and feel the love. The owner lives and breathes his business and you will know it immediately. Brad and I go out a lot and we are still in awe of this experience. This is how all businesses should be run. Looking forward to going back :)
5	Me and Kelly were leaving a restaurant next door to this place. As we were walking out to the car, we briefly stopped to listen to the music coming from inside Cru. As we walked away, the owner popped out of the front door and so warmly invited us to come inside. We walked to the car and stopped and looked at each other, we were both touched by his kindness and decided to go check it out.The owner greeted us at the door and introduced himself and shook our hands. And he walked us out when we left and shared some stories.The staff was friendly and the wine selection was great. This was a perfect post dinner spot to relax. I know we will go back the next time we are back in Charlotte.That's my word and I'm sticking to it.
5	I was in town for work, and decided to walk over here based on the reviews. They had a duo playing great live music, and a great atmosphere. The owner can over and personally thanked me for visiting. As a person that travels often with work, and visits many different local establishment, this makes all the difference in the world to make you feel welcomed. I'll be back!!
