4	Something has to be good since this restaurant has been in businees for 25 years.  Our server has worked here for 10 years.  It was quite interesting to see that the servers were quite obviously the children of the owners.  The amazing part was that they were quite professional during the duration of our meal.  Having had some fairly bad Chinese food in the area, I was on my last ounce of hope.The interior is very sparsely decorated, but it reminded me of the little mom and pop places that I saw in Suzhou, China.  I was intrigued by this little Chinese restaurant in Homestead that was packed with locals.  Since I hadn't satisfied my Chinese craving yet, I already knew what I wanted and told the server the entire order:Panfried Pierogi/DumplingsEgg Drop SoupWonton SoupYeung chow (combo fried rice, no peas, no carrots)Generals (Piquancy 7/10)As I ordered, the kids were bringing out food to the other tables and it smelled wonderful.  Our soups arrived rather fast.  I went directly for my egg drop soup and was hit by this taste of white pepper.  Too much white pepper was in the soup.  I tried the wonton soup and it had the same issue -- too much white pepper.  This wasn't a deal-killer since the soups both still had a decent flavor; I just had to get past that white pepper flavor.  The egg drop soup was a bit heavier than I would normally get, but after the ones at Mandarin Gourmet and Sesame Inn, I was happy.The panfried dumplings arrived to the table.  My eyes and belly were happy to see these dumplings.  They were a little thick, but the meat and the shells were well-flavored and the dipping sauce had a good mixture of sweet, salty, and acidic.  We quickly devoured the dumplings with a swiftness.  I did find it amusing that they were shaped just like pierogies -- was this to help the locals?  I don't know, but they tasted good.  While eating our food, the same dish was being served to table after table on a sizzling skillet and it smelled wonderful.  When the little bus-girl took our plate, I asked her what it was and she said it was the Garlic Chicken -- I am adding that to my list of items to try here.Our entrees arrived; the General's Chicken -- true to form -- was completely different from every single other Chinese restaurant in the world.  It was the chunk, fried variety with a fairly dark, thick sauce.  It was definitely NOT piquant at a 7 (mental note for a 10 next time) and the flavor was different.  It was slightly salty with a bitter taste that wasn't offensive.  I wish it were a bit more piquant.   The combination fried rice wasn't bad.  It was better than most fried rices, but it used the salad shrimp.  I have become used to eating my yeung chow fried rice with actual shrimp in it.  Other than that little irksome item, I enjoyed my friend rice.  It wasn't drenched in soy sauce even though it was a little oily.We ate all of the food, and as I was reviewing the check, the old lady behind me placed her order.  She asked for a 10 with a side of chili sauce.  I was surprised but I realized that my instincts were correct about ordering a 10/10 next time. This is a 3.5 stars, but bumped up to 4 since I know I will return.
4	It's a gem in Homestead.  Better than chain, better than good.  The food was authentic, the atmosphere was professional.  The servers were courteous and kind to help out with menu questions.  If you're in the area, it's worth a try.  BYOB
4	This place has been around as long as I can remember, and is as good as I remember.  I've dined in, I've done take-out.  I was worried that they might not survive with the big chain competitor opening in The Waterfront.  Now it seems that the competitor is simply overpriced.  I'm glad to see that Me Lyng seems to have made it through and will continue to do well.  The prices and the food are definitely worth it.
2	After reading reviews both here and on other sites, we decided to try it.  It was 6:00 p.m. on a Wednesday.  The whole dining experience began with them out of the Vietnamese appetizer I wanted to try.  So I ordered 2  old stand-bys - wanton soup & an egg roll.  My husband ordered steamed dumplings.  Soup was just barely lukewarm & way over salted.  Egg roll was greasy, cold & tasteless.  Only the hot mustard saved it.  Dumplings were very good.  Ordered chicken with cashew nuts.  Not a single cashew. Veggies might have been waved over the wok - huge pieces of green pepper, celery (stalk cut into 1/3's), big chunks of carrots all so crunchy, I almost asked for a dip to go with them!  Food very cold.  When I complained there was not 1 nut on plate, he said they forgot to put them on top.  He came back with a dish of warm cashews and put them on my entree.  No sense in complaining about temp of food - I don't take any chances of irritating the chef/cook.  While my husband liked what he ordered (can't remember - poh something with chicken), it also was cold.  Only item that was hot was the complimentary tea.  Best thing about this restaurant - our waiter was pleasant & polite - we tipped him the usual 20% we tip - it wasnt his fault. We absolutely love the food at Yummy's in the Rostraver/Belle Vernon area.  We like to order take-out.  We live 20 minutes from there and the food is piping hot when we get it home!  We won't stray from there again.  Sorry, Me Lyng - food was cold, tasteless & mine was lacking one of the titled ingredients.  Never again.
4	Me Lyng is the last, great remnant of the old 8th Ave. Gone are Chiodo's Mystery Meat sandwich and the legendary Dawn's Donuts. Me Lyng has been a staple in Homestead for as long as I can remember.I highly recommend the Vietnamese dishes over the Chinese ones. I normally order the pho xao, which always turns heads. If you're not a fan of onions, you can get this dish without them, which I suggest doing.I love the ambiance of the place. The new facade allows for great natural lighting during the daytime and I recommend their lunch specials (they're cheap and good). The decor is nothing fancy but there's something about this place that is very warm and inviting.Sadly, the past few times I've been there, the service wasn't so great. Like most mom & pop Asian restaurants in the area, Me Lyng employs (who I'm assuming are) the management/owner's teenage children. All but one of them are good servers. If you get the one that isn't, you'll know within the first 2 minutes! Here's a hint, it's the girl who's playing on her phone. If you're shopping at the Waterfront, cross over the tracks and eat here!
4	One of our favorite resturants to stop in for Goi Cuon and some Pho! I love vietnamese food so im an easy fan. Decor and music could use an upgrade but gotta love it. Staff and owner very nice.We often just get Goi Cuon roll for take out with some peanut sauce, cant be beat for a midnight snack! Hard place to pass up when coming home from the Waterfront, especially when hungry!
2	All the great reviews made me wanna try this one, since I love Asian food. Free parking right next to the restaurant was nice. Interior was dated and didnt look clean, including a layer of dust on the wall next to our table. Food was - unfortunately - really not very good. I wanted to like this place, but I couldnt. I ordered sweet n sour shrimp. The shrimp looked huge when I got them, so I was excited. However, what I found out in the first bite was that the shrimp were actually tiny. And I mean tiny, like 1/2 inch size. They just had a layer of greasy dough around them that blew them up to well over 1 inch size. I ended up peeling the dough off and just had this huge plate full of dough - never mind the annoying/ messy work. My husband had a beef dish that he said wasn't very tasty, plus the ratio of lettuce-bed to beef made us think that they must have mistaken my husband for a bunny...Service was very disinterested, they were staring at a laptop while we were waiting for the check to come... Sorry, but never again. And I am very surprised that other people had such a vastly different experience...
3	Went here and ordered to go for lunch. What I ordered: Fresh rollsLunch combination plate of chicken and broccoli.  It came with a small hot and sour soup as well as an egg roll and fried rice. The fresh rolls came with a really delicious peanut sauce and they were a nice size with delicious fresh shrimp inside.  I would definitely order this again (my husband even enjoyed the second roll from the order with his lunch the next day). The chicken and broccoli was delicious.  The broccoli was still fresh and crisp and the sauce was  delicious.  Overall I enjoyed it, but the egg roll was greasy and the rice was bland.  I will probably be back especially for those fresh rolls.
4	Had a great evening here.  Very polite service, and the free oolong tea is delicious.  We stuck to the Vietnamese menu, and everything we tried was good; I'd especially recommend the crab and asparagus soup and the lemongrass sauces.
5	I love me lyng. Tuan, the owner, is one of the nicest people on the planet. He will greet you with a smile and provide you with anything he can to make your experience great. Wait staff can be admittedly slow but polite. They are young, mostly family. But the food is the best Chinese in Pittsburgh. Me lyng is the most underrated place amongst all the frequented Chinese spots around 15217. You can get the dinner for 4 and feed 5 for 55 bucks!  We get the sesame chicken, the moo shoo pork, beef and broccoli and the chicken lo mein. It's off the charts good. Comes with egg roll, dumpling, AND soup. You can't beat it. Plus byob. You have to check this place out.
5	One of the best Chinese places I've been to. And it's great for sit down/eat in as well which I find a lot of Chinese places around the area are not. The poo poo platter was awesome as were our entrees, however the names of them escape me at the moment, my apologies. Service is as one would expect in a Chinese restaurant, no major complaints from me. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for delicious Chinese food in the burgh.
