5	Wow!! Nice to find a place where they know what there doing.. I had my tattoo treatment and it finally worked!! I went to a diffrent place before and nothing even happened.. I found out they do facial and booked it for next week.. What a hidden gem!!
5	I first went here because I bought the Groupon for the IPL photofacial, but I have continued to go for all my MedSpa needs because their service & pricing are fantastic!  I love Naetresse- she is the best esthetician I have seen and I have been to a LOT of Med Spas.  I drive 45 minutes from Ahwatukee to receive services here...it's worth it!
5	I have not stopped rejoicing since I found Ashley 4 years ago.  She is the most amazing and knowledgable aesthetician I have ever come in contact with!! I would be lost (and old looking without her).Over the years Ashley has been my go to girl for all my waxing needs, facials, chemical peels and all general skin care questions and concerns. Ashley knows her stuff!! She's as close to a beauty doctor as you can get without actually being a real doctor. A year ago, I followed Ashley to Entabella where she is no longer my waxer, but my laser hair specialist.  Since she is now at a medspa, she has broadened my fountain of youth horizons. She has introduced me to Facial Microneedling, which is incredible. She's gotten me and my eyelashes addicted to Lattise. My eyelashes now are now thick, long and full. It looks like I wear lash extensions except they are my own lashes and the best part, is that Lattise is cheaper than eyelash extensions!! Ashley has worked with me to find the right moisturizer so that my skin isn't too oily and helped me pick out the right under eye cream which has dramatically improved under my eyes (no more puffy bags under my eyes). Like I said, ASHLEY KNOWS HER STUFF!!On top of it all, Ashley is one of the kindest, sweetest people I've ever met. I highly recommend Ashley to anybody with skin (that means everyone). Even if you think you look amazing, she will find ways to make you look better than you thought possible. EnteBella is so lucky to have her!!
5	Best Place Ever!  My skin has never looked so good.  I had acne scars and lots of blotchy redness on my face.  I found EnteBella through a groupon they were running about a year ago and.  I had a photofacial with Naetresse and she was fantastic.  I then came back to her several times after I had a botched microneedle from another place and she fixed me all up.  My skin looks great again!  She definitely knows what she is doing and is very knowledgeable about any questions you might have.  I will for sure be coming back to her!
5	Beautiful, clean office and extremely friendly, knowledgable staff. They know what they are doing. Won't disappoint!
5	Yup
