5	I found this company on the Fix It website.  Which also had a $10.00 off coupon, which is always good.  My roommate had given me a date that she would be moving out.  Of course she did not stick to that and 6 days into the next month she decided to act on it.           Any way i was able to have Anderson lock come out the very next day and change all my locks, quite properly without over charging me.                         They had quoted me $100.00 and that is what they stuck to. Then minus the &10.00 coupon.                            I was happy and they did a good job, came promptly and without drama.  I never want a roommate again!
5	Called for rekeying six locks and they were able to take care of it the next day.  Reasonable price.  Went to look at their safes in their store.  Good selection, good prices, and helpful staff.
5	So, I created a little emergency for myself this morning.  I went out to feed our two "big dogs" and locked myself out of our sliding glass door.  After breaking the handle, contemplating breaking the window to the back yard, and ultimately deciding to break our gate to get through to the garage - I still had no options for getting into the house.  I walked to a neighbor's house and by sheer LUCK called this place.Adam arrived in 30 minutes or less to find my bare-footed, still-in-PJs, packing-up-the-house crazy self cleaning up the garage.  (Since I had nothing better to do.)  He was not judgmental at all (I would have been) and he successfully picked our garage lock in about 25 seconds.  He walked into our tornado-hit house and acted like all was normal!  Then - the best part.  He exited through the garage and CLOSED THE GARAGE DOOR when he went!  That is actually extra effort!  I was just going to gate up the dogs and do it in a second, but I found it already done.Amazing prices.Amazing attitude.Fast service.Super nice.So glad I won the locksmith lottery today.
5	Used these guys to rekey all the locks in our new home. Technician called before arrival, showed up on time and did a thorough professional job. We were well pleased and will use these guys again if the need arises.
5	I have used this company several times and they always do a very professional, expedient job. I have used them for residential and commercial. All the way around a great experience. Their service person who came out to my house yesterday was Randolph; he was so nice and did a great job.  I might request him in the future, but I know that I've always been happy with whoever they send out.  Can't go wrong here.
1	Just called at 2:27 am after being locked out of my apartment, because I left my key with a neighbor to look after my dog, while I was in the emergency room. She's currently unreachable. The man who answered the phone was either so out of it, because he was tired, or maybe even drunk, he was incomprehensible on the phone. After finally gaining some composure, he asked, "Where are you?"  I told him my location, and he replied, "I'm sorry ma'am, I can't."  I thought this was a 24hour service. This is the closest locksmith to my home. Should I sleep in my car tonight? Maybe beside the pool in one of the chairs until the apartment opens up in the morning, and I can get a key...Horrendous service. Not even worth the call. Can I give ZERO STARS?
