1	My experience with this Eye Specialist was from many years ago, but was such a horrible experience that I felt compelled to share my experience on Yelp.  I even made a special trip by their location a few days ago so I could take a picture of the office to upload to Yelp.  My experience was with Dr Pachtman, who provided service for our youngest daughter.  As you can see from the photo, he is still listed as a doctor at the office.I understand that doctors are busy people, and I also understand that they are running a business.  Many times as the day progresses, offices tend to fall behind on their appointments. That said, I tend to work within those expectations as well as I can.  In this experience, when I scheduled my appointment, I asked the office staff for an appointment time when the doctor would most likely be on time.   They suggested first thing in the morning.  So I scheduled it.Long story short, the doctor was about 40 minutes late.  At about  20 minutes late, I had asked the nurse if this was normal, and she stated "he likes to have all of the rooms filled before he comes in."  So at 20 minutes after my appt was scheduled to start, the doctor hadn't even come in to the building yet. This kind of disrespect really ticked me off,  one thing I don't like is to be treated as cattle, stacked up and waiting.  If I can be on time with my child, the doctor can at least respect his patients enough to show up close to the scheduled appt time.  5 or 10 minutes I can handle, 30 minutes is way over the line for me.  When he finally graced us with his presence, he didn't even acknowledge how late he was.  Either he was oblivious or didn't care. When I called him on it, he said that he was only 35 minutes late and not 40, and said it like I should be ashamed of myself for being 5 minutes off. Amazing gall on this doctor, and it put me over the edge. So verbally I let him have it, told him just how I felt about him.  Best feeling in the world!  Of course he demanded that I leave, which I did, in a timely manner!My wife was ticked, but we moved on to another eye specialist, and have never been back to Dr Pachtman.  My daughters eyes are fine, no thanks to this eye specialist!Do yourself a favor and find somebody else!
5	Dr. Underdahl has treated our daughter for lazy eye the past 5 years and has done a tremendous job!  Her prescription is gradually decreasing with each visit and we expect she will be completely done with glasses soon.  He is very smart and good with kids.  Super happy!
5	My son had a surgury to close an extra tear duct,  the doctor and the nurses were so helpful. It wasn't as bad as I thought.. It was fast, and we went early to home..
3	This man, because he is nowhere near a DOCTOR is the rudest, most dishonest person I have ever encountered. Please do not go to him.
1	Horrible ! Not kid friendly the staffers rude honestly. Someone had confirmed my appointment for my. Kids at 9 came in and they said it was at 945 and they didn't say sorry rude no smiles unfriendly !! I would not recommend them I will defiantly transfer to another clinic still isn't he waiting room been here since 840 now it's 10 am .... How joyful I haven't seen the Drs. Yet
1	I have been a client with my kids for 8 years. James O'Neil is a good doctor but when it comes to being in a bind they don't work with you. Billing hung up on me and they cancelled my appointment.
