5	Cafe Marmalade is a great way to start the day. I give this lovely little eaterie five stars, which is nothing less than it deserves. Initially, Cafe Marmalade had me sold as it does skinny lattes - and good ones at that. Skinny lattes seem to be hard to come by down at The Shore, so finding somewhere nearby that did them was a godsend.To accompany the delicious coffee, you'll be hard pressed to avoid the delicious pastries in the morning - I swear I have eaten a cinnamon wheel the size of my head from Cafe Marmalade. There are also traditional breakfast rolls on offer, as well as healthier options by the way of granola and smoothies.I've lunched at Cafe Marmalade a number of times, sampling everything from paninis to salad pots. They also do chicken schnitzel, which is very tasty alongside some salad, and if you're feeling really hungry, Marmalade's homemade lasagne is a real treat, and a very healthy portion considering the price.But the thing that really gives Cafe Marmalade the edge - alongside the lovely food and coffee - is the service. The staff are always cheerful and eager to help. Cafe Marmalade is somewhere I thoroughly recommend!
4	When my love asks: "Go on have some breakfast with me at my favourite cafe?!" How can I say no?! I like a good crafty soup, a bite of a fresh roll and a quick 'n easy choice. Especially if it is only a 10 min walk from home. She brought me down to Bernard Street. The sun was out, but a seasonal chill was setting in. We entered into a 'Caf'.  A lovely lady (the owner?) greeted us warmly and let us take in the place a bit. They have a big counter, with all the toastie & pannini makers, the veg, cheese & meat glass counter and a prep area the size of a decent kitchen. 5 Tables and a breakfast bar and alu street furniture. All available fares were chalked upon the big blackboard. The Tables were occupied but we took a seat outside. Our breakfast rolls and tea arrived quickly after ordering. They tasted fresh. The tea, served in a big pot, was warming against the autumn chill. This is a good place for the neighbourhood, good, fresh and tasty. No pretence of trying to be smart or funky. I like its honesty. I will visit again. Thank you to the lovely lady from Marmalade. Thank you to Anita for showing me this place.
5	A great cafe that serves great food without the pretences prices. They have a huge selection of sandwich fillings and homemade meals such as Mac cheese,lasagne, chilli to sit in or takeaway. Highly recommend cafe with excellent food and really good friendly service.
