5	I used to work at the knitting tree, way back in the 70's.  I was at Edgewood College then, and Dottie, Suzie and the gang helped me learn more about knitting than I even realized possible.  I was so happy to walk in recently ( Early Feb '09) to discover things are better than ever!  Jackie gave me the grand tour, and things were much improved since I worked there.  The selection is wonderful and the space is bright and open.  The "library" is inspiring and the pattern selection rocks.  Thanks to Jackie and the folks there that day I felt welcomed and was so happy that I stopped in.
5	The woman working was friendly and the customers who were also there seemed like happy regulars.  The shop isn't nearly as big as other places, but it was stuffed with great yarn.  There were many many books, beads, and knitting supplies to choose from, as well as some cute stuff.  I'd recommend a visit if you're into crochet/knitting at all.
1	The Knitting Tree looks so cute and inviting. Years ago, when I first started knitting, I was excited to finally get some "real" (aka: not cheap acrylic) yarn and embark on a major project. I was treated rudely and dismissively by a clerk who couldn't bother to have her personal conversation interrupted to help a customer.Flash forward a few years: I give them a 2nd chance. i ask for some help. I am ignored. I wait patiently. Finally, I am snapped at with "can I HELP you!??" and in the end I leave without a purchase.Flash forward another few years and, even though I have had bad experiences, and have seen how the mutual management has ruined Lakeside Fibers, I go in as a yarn company online notes that The Knitting Tree carries the yarn I seek. I was in search of a particular color. Not only did they not have the color, but they seemed to not have the yarn type. And that was fine. It was probably old info on the website that referred me. But the salespeople are always just so rotten and unhelpful. Three strikes: you're out. No matter how much they spruce this place up on the outside, it's like an evil beauty queen: pretty on the outside and coldhearted on the inside.
5	Love love love this yarn shop. It's only my second time visiting the Knitting Tree, as it's a bit of a drive from MKE, but it is a lovely shop. The woman who owns the shop (she has a business partner that I've not met) is helpful and very friendly. But the best part about this shop is the variety of yarn within its four walls -- Malabrigo, Madelinetosh, and plenty of other hand painted yarns to choose from, and in many different weights.
5	The Knitting Tree has been THE yarn place on Monroe Street for many years. My daughter has gone there many times for help with her knitting projects over the years and the people there have always been friendly, helpful, patient and understanding with her. They have a great selection of yarn and loads of experience. If you need yarn or help with your knitting, this is your place.Local tip: since it's street parking only, try to avoid going there during the evening rush hour as there's no parking on that side of Monroe St. then.
2	A great selection of natural fiber yarn.However, they could be clearer on their policies.I went to exchange some yarn because the project I started needed less than what I anticipated. Did not think it would be a problem because the receipt clearly states that store credit would be given with a receipt within 3 months of purchase. Check, check.I go to exchange my yarn and I'm denied because "We don't accept yarn that's already been wound. You might have knitted off it already." Fine, whatever, get a scale. 100g = 100g. But my biggest complaint was that I never asked to have my yarn wound when I bought it -- I went to check out, and the yarn was taken from me and wound. No explanation that it nullified my ability to return it, nothing.Despite the fact this store is half a block from my house, I won't be back. The flippant manner in which I was treated (as if I should have known this by osmosis?) soured my experience.
5	Jackie and friends are the best. I am taking a class here and they are very helpful and Jackie and Patti and teaching assistant Peggy are great at teaching. Very patient. If you get frustrated and need help you are welcome to walk in. Beautiful tasteful samples to choose from. Things you would truly wear are shown in the store to tempt you to try to make for yourself . They have wonderful patterns! Thursdays they are open later and you can park in the lot across the street! They are expanding their store to a brand new spot right next door it will open in August!
1	I have had two opportunities to buy yarn from this store. Great yarns. Lousy customer service. Sales staff seemed put out by my questions. I will give them one more try--but if I am treated poorly I will take my business elsewhere.
