5	Yelp Challenge 365 # 172/365My IPhone had a cracked face for nearly 6 months. I  had no insurance and 6 months ago, my phone was brand new. It broke my heart that my phone looked horrible, but it functioned. I was in LV for a few days and my friend (resident of Las Vegas) tells me she can take me to a place where she got her phone repaired. $80 later, my phone is beautiful as new. Here is my story:If you look at Yelp's nearbys....you will find TWO IPhone Doctors; both on Charleston, but at different street numbers and different phone numbers. I call the location on 1444 Charleston and get a recording.... the other one answers so we headed toward the other one.... But we pass 1444 Charleston first. We stop; just in case and they were open. I go in and get an estimate of $80 for repair. I mentioned the other IPhone Doctor quoted me $70 and I thought with the same name, they may be branches of each other.It turns out not. In fact, the other IPhone Doctor is a former employee of the one at 1444 Charleston. I suggested to TN, the tech (and I think owner) of this location that he may want to check with the Vegas Commerce Department. In passing, he mentioned other customers stopping in and complaining about poor workmanship, etc of the other one, demanding the 1444 location fix their phone..... Hopefully, TN will get this squared away...he said he doesn't want to make issues as the business they are in is a competitive busines....For me, it worked out perfect. TN gave me a screen saver (the plastic cover things for the face of the phone) for free; saying he didn't want me to go away thinking $80 was not a fair price... How's that for customer service? Gave me a receipt and said my phoneis warrantied for the touch screen part; but not if I crack the face up again.... A great story for the great city of Las Vegas.
1	iPhone 3gs was previously unlocked, but dropping service on t-mobile. Was told that it needed to be unlocked again (never heard of that) to fix the problem. They told me to bring it back to the store the next day. When I got there they told me that it was already unlocked, that I didn't need to bring it back to the store, and that the problem of the dropping service could not be fixed. When I asked what I paid the $30 for, they replied, "Nothing, but there are no refunds." Buyer beware.
5	I just got a Samsung Galaxy SIII 2 weeks ago. My friend reached for it to take a picture and dropped it last week. I had the dreaded cracked screen. Of course I have no insurance and Sprint was unable to help. So I have been searching for a week for somewhere that could fix my phone the same day. No other business I called in town had the part in stock, so I would have to wait at least a week. I saw an ad for iPhone Doctor when i was Googling around looking for answers. I called them and they had it in stock. Took it over today, an hour later my phone was pretty again, and I was back in business. And it was the cheapest quote I got at $250 plus tax. Which was good for my friend because he paid to fix it. I just wanted to post how happy I was with the quick turnaround. I hope this helps someone out there who has this phone looking for same day service and as good a deal as you are going to get.
1	Brought my Ipad 2 in for repair on 5/18/2013 on the Cheyenne Branch. Thought the price was great but didn't realize that the repair would be less than unsatisfactory. I found the ends popping up so I left it alone for a day until Monday. I took my Ipad2 to work to drop off for repair and just holding it the Ipad2 cracked on the camera area. no pressure just holding. no damage was done to create a crack. took the Ipad2 back for repair not less than 36 hours after repair was completed and they not only didn't honor the service guys repair but they also told me if it breaks they won't warranty a screen. I brought it back the next Business DAY! After $140 dollars on a repair I am reminded if you have an F rating on the BBB website they shouldn't being doing business. I am extremely upset with their lack of Customer Service and dedication to making it right by the customer. I repeat the NEXT BUSINESS DAY. The receptionist was rude and telling me they don't repair their work only if the Ipad2 doesn't work after the repair.
1	The most expensive iphone repair dealer.. I had a iphone 5 with a broken screen and they wanted to charge me $415 for them to replace..  Stay away
4	Quick & Affordable.  I brought my iPhone 4S because I broke my screen. It was only $50 to get the screen replaced, plus a 10% discount for checking in on yelp, and it only took 15min to get done.
1	Avoid this company at all costs. They are very deceptive and charge way too much. Customer service is a joke. Plus they spam hundreds of posts craigslist with their ads. Won't deal with this company again.
5	I have gotten my iPhone and iPad cracked a few times this year. They have such an outstanding customer service. Their employee Rann has always been very helpful, and always making sure that his customers leave satisfied. I can honestly say that I have never had anyone at any iPhone/iPad repair shops as helpful as this store. They are also fast with the services, my iPad was fixed the same day. I definitely reccomend this place!!
5	I love this place, been here twice and have sent some friends too. Very accommodating and affordable.FYI  for Angel M who gave 1 star, that is not the same owner on Cheyenne branch.
5	Best service and customer satisfaction. Got my phone fixed super quick. This company is reliable and legit. Hit em up for any phone services. Prices are fare too.
5	I dropped my I phone from the 2nd floor straight to the concrete. It smashed the glass and the metal frame that goes around it. I took my phone to the I phone Doctor's South Jones location. After getting a reasonable estimate and being told that my phone would be ready "in the morning" I left my phone and went back to work. To make a long story short, they needed to send my phone to their 1444 east Charleston location. Then to my pleasure I received a call saying my phone was ready and they also installed a new battery without raising the estimate!!!! happy me!! Then when I picked my phone up, I offered a $20.00 tip for the great service and the battery. Holy Moly they told me the tip wasn't necessary and politely declined. Not only will I return there again I am also telling all my friends!! Way to go I Phone Doctor!!! Thank You
5	Great service and fast making the price well worth it. I had one of my iPhones serviced -- replace the glass -- and it was done well. Thanks for making it look like new!
5	RJ fixed my cracked screen back to perfect condition in a timely manner and at an inexpensive cost!
5	So as a well traveled individual I have sported the college girl edition iPhone more than once. Each time my cracked iPhone 5 was brought to these guys, and each time I have been Extremely satisfied with the service and my brand new appearing iPhone. Could not be happier. I would come back again (hopefully I don't have to) and I would recommend to all my friends. Thank you so much!!!
1	I dropped my iPhone off and they make you give them your passcode, which I was really uncomfortable about. I left it there and I had to call them the next day . They didn't know how to fix it. Everyone knows how much it sucks being without your phone. Why didn't they call me right away if they didn't know how to fix it so I could have taken it somewhere else right away?????
