5	I lingered by the 24th street aperture around sunset, with a couple strangers, and wasnt too impressed at first. I heard a little squeaking from inside the tunnel, it smells pretty bad, and the bats are quite small. One or two fly out of the tunnel, then scoot right back in. Their flight is unusually jerky, not like a bird, and individual bats are difficult to follow. Think fast, drunken hummingbirds on steroids, that never completely suspend. Anyway, a few more people showed up, and about fifteen minutes after offical sunset, more and more bats poured out. It was getting darker and I still couldnt tell if they were coming out and retreating back in  - that's how fast and small they are. But I could tell there were alot of them. Alot of specks racing down through the 30 ft deep Army Corps of Engineers' diversion channel. That's when I saw it. The money shot that makes this a five star event. I turned my head up, away from the dark channel, toward the recently set sun in the west. And there, silhouetted against the lighter clouds, were hundreds of bats, arcing south and west together into the Phoenix night.  They came in waves. A group of fifty or so, then a lull, then another fifty. This went on for fifteen minutes and I probably saw more than a thousand bats by the time I left. Walking back home, a swarm came near enough to make me flinch, but my breath or movement - or maybe just my mass -activated their sonar and scattered them instantly in a different direction. To think this unusual nature show transpires every night, less than a mile from the hustle and bustle of 24th and Camelback is pretty neat, I think, and I'm really glad I saw it. It may not be the Grand Canyon, but it might make you think about nature in a similar way, about it's mystery and splendor. It's free, a tiny bit scary but safe, and should capture most people's imaginations. Highly recommended.
4	Go around sunset but no later.  Mid-June through end of July are best, maybe only time of year. Take a short walk through residential neighborhood, be prepared to wait for 15 minutes, and wait quietly so as not to disturb the bats.  There are boulders and ledges where you can sit and wait until they emerge.When the time comes, don't expect a torrential outpouring of vampire bats.  But don't be uneasy either, although I was, on my first visit. A large number of smallish bats (and a few biggies!) emerge, squeaking, along with a strong guano smell.  I was bored initially, while waiting for the bats to make their appearance, but now consider it a worthwhile and rather amazing opportunity to observe urban wildlife.Location is north side of Camelback, past Chelsea Kitchen, about 0.25 miles northwest of 40th street. Here's a more complete description, including a detailed map, from a reasonably authoritative source.http://www.arizonensis.org/sonoran/urbanhabitat/
3	We went on the 4th of July, before dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen. From the Chelsea's parking lot you can cut through the landscaping to the canal path; head west for about a quarter of a mile. There will be a paved section that breaks off the the right near some sort of sports field. Walk along the paved road which takes you right toward the tunnel that is the bats' abode and which is completely fenced off with black rod-iron fence. There is no place convenient to sit while you wait patiently. As the sun begins to set, if you listen REALLY carefully, you can begin to hear the bats and, in our experience anyway, one or two will venture out at a time. It seems like they boomerang out and return to signal "go time." I had expected a mass exodus of bats (even though Lisa O. specifically says "don't expect a torrential outpouring") after watching the famous bats of San Antonio and Carlsbad Caverns, so I was a little disappointed. Lisa O. is right: "don't expect a torrential outpouring." But, as we began to walk back to the restaurant, we could see so many bats dive-bombing the canal. Obviously, their dispersed exodus distracted me from how many I had actually seen leave the cave! I'd go again. Here are my tips: I suggest bringing lightweight folding chairs to get comfortable. Plan on getting there before sunset begins and staying until it's nearly dark. Maybe even bring a flashlight so you can light your return path. You can easily park your chairs on the paved section over the underpass (bat cave) while you wait for them to start doing their thing. If you hang out in the dirt area on the south side of the fencing the bats will rush past your head! It's hard to be quiet but I'd imagine it helps! We were clowning around giggling, shooting mock animal planet video commentary on our cell phone.
5	It's a hidden treat for Phoenicians bat lovers.  Located in the Biltmore/Camelback area, people can take a short walk to the cave..really it's a tunnel.  There are signs with details about the bats.  We went the night of the super moon and it's pretty cool to see the bats fly out of the tunnel and start flying over the canal to feed.  There were hundreds of bats coming out of the tunnel the night we went.  It was hard to capture a photo since they fly so fast! Just a few families and couples were there that evening.  It's nice it's not too well known but worth an evening walk.
4	So one day I was out and about in this area and it suddenly dawned on me that I've been meaning to check out the bats that supposedly live in this part of town. So I drove north through the Camelback and 40th Street intersection and turned left into a road leading into a business park with various buildings that had huge parking lots. I went as far west as I could and turned into a parking lot for a building that I remember used to house a clinic where there were a bunch of shrinks. I only know this because some time ago  I used to believe that the government was monitoring my email and phone conversations among other things. Luckily, with the help of those shrinks, I realized these were just paranoid delusions and I'm cured now. But back to the parking lot - if you come late enough to watch the bats fly out of their home, most of the businesses in this area should be closed by then so there should be no problem parking here. If any security or parking lot nazi confronts you just tell them you're bat shit insane and came to the clinic to refill your meds. Also tilt your head sideways, drop your voice an octave and spew out whatever Latin phrases you know. Pig Latin works too - those folks ain't NASA brain surgeon linguists.   So anyway I parked and walked northwest alongside the canal until I came to a bridge. It was still a little early so I just chillaxed until the sun went down. Over time, a number of bat enthusiasts showed up including some dude somehow connected with the Arizona Republic. A bunch of people showed up with their kids. Once it got dark, I was able to see bats leave the tunnel under the bridge in small numbers - several at a time. Through the fence I could see them flying so fast eastward from the tunnel along the concrete walls that they looked like tiny tie fighters speeding along the trenches of the Death Star. Unfortunately,  it wasn't a big spectacular wave of bats like you'd see in horror movies or Scooby Doo cartoons so set your expectations accordingly. Your mileage may vary, of course. I've watched the bat exodus from the Congress Street Bridge in Austin as well as at the Carlsbad Caverns and those were much more specatacular events to behold. In this case, you could see small numbers of bats flying around - either coming out of the tunnel or flying over the canal looking for snacks. Didn't stay all that long as the old attention deficit thing started kicking in. I was entertained, though, by one of the moms who brought their children to see the bats telling Mr. AZ Republic to STFU because he was talking too much and possibly scaring the bats from coming out of the tunnel. This bat viewing area is the East side tunnel entrance. There is also one near 24th Street as well which I haven't been to which is the West side tunnel entrance. Not sure when all the bats go on vacation to the annual Guano Producers Convention in the tropical paradise of Nauru but there's a chance you might still be able to view them for a few more weeks.
1	Bats never came out total bummer.
5	I love coming here to watch bats! It is right off the canal so when we're done watching bats fly out of the tunnel, we can take a stroll and watch them feed off water bugs! It's a really fun opportunity to see bats up close.
