5	Being from the SF bay area, I am ashamed to say that this is the first LGBTQ friendly club that I've ever been to....but I think I'm in love. The vibe here is much more welcoming than most places I've been to in Madison..and seriously, such beautiful people! Glad I slapped on the makeup before I left the house. The inside of the club looks a lot smaller than the exterior suggests, but it still holds a decent amount of people.  There is a large stage area/dance floor at one end and a well-stocked bar at the other (back-lit bottles..oooooohhhh).  I think I also saw a lounge area with its own bar(?) near the exit. Pros:- Parking was a breeze- Patrons are sweet, bartenders are sweeter- Cheap drinks; whiskey sour did not disappoint- Great acoustics/stage set up..although I probably stood too close to the speakers (do you hear that ringing?)Con:Only the fact that all my friends bailed and I had to experience this place by myself. Whatever, their loss.Anyway, props to the owners for revamping this place. And major props for the poppin' opening night/killer line up. I will be keeping an eye out for future lineups at Five!
5	Previously Club 5 is now the new FIVE Nightclub. The owner has put a lot of time and energy into revamping this place. It shows! Updated bars, new drink menus/specials, etc! If you haven't been there in a while it's worth a trip out to check it out!  This place is THE LGBT place to be in Madison.  From the best local DJ's playing the hottest dance music/videos (about 20 flat screen tv's) to the best Drag Shows to 18+ nights this place has so many different things happening. Now that it's summer out they have a huge wrap around patio where you can chill and have a drink too and I heard they also have Foam Parties which are fun too!  They have a new website www.Fivenightclub.com and a facebook page at www.Facebook.com/fivenightclub  :)
5	I love this place have been going ever since i moved to Madison in 2006. Yes the place has had it bad times when Plan B came and was "the place" everyone wanted to go until they realized that everyone there were total douchebags. Yeah i said it people. Not that I am saying that everyone is angels that go to 5. No sir you always have your bitchy parton here and there. We are talking about the lgbt community.Anyway, the club has evolved but the friendliness and community of people that have been regulars since the jurrasic period remains the same. I feel less judged than at plan b or sotto. Drinks are reasonable for a gay club. The people are what make this place one of the best in madtown.
5	Wow, this place is amazing! By far Madison's most diverse Nightclub...gay, straight, bi, drag queens, twinks, bears, cowboys, etc. It just works here. Friendly bartenders, great drink specials, Madison's favorite DJ's and an amazing patio. Check it out for yourself.
1	This place sucked. I'm a bisexual girl who came with gay men and the bouncer was rude to me from the beginning. I'm under 18 and they're over 21. My friend ordered a sprite for me and a vodka for him. The bouncer accused me of drinking the alcohol and kicked me out. fuck this place.
5	Love it!  Lots of fun!
1	DJ's are TERRIBLE and RUDE. I have come here for years but stopped and took my business and friends to Plan B (the better dance club of the two) for a fun time. The bartenders are not friendly and if you plan to request a song, well, don't plan on hearing it. My friends and I have been complaining about the DJ's for years.The bar owners will invest in revamping their building and style over and over, yet they keep the same AWFUL DJ's. I would think that after all of the changes and updating to keep up with Plan B's competition, they would realize that people do not want to come here anymore because of the music. I would come here more if the music changed. House music played over and over gets old real quick.
