5	So my wife brings home these cupcakes last week.  I'm like, "big deal, it's a cupcake."  Holy cow.  Red Velvet and some other white chocolate thingy with raspberry filling.  INCREDIBLE.  This place makes a mean cupcake.
3	We were excited to try this new cupcake store near our home.  We bought peanut butter and red velvet cupcakes.  My first thought was that they are way too expensive.  The cupcakes are $3.50 each and quite small (smaller than Sprinkles where they are $3.25 or $3 if you buy a dozen) and plain looking - no decoration.  Given the price, the presentation/packaging added insult to injury - they didn't even put them in a cute box or anything.  They put them in a little paper bag in which they could easily get smushed on the way home.  At first, the amount of frosting looked chintzy, but it turned out to be enough.  I was excited about the "filling" in the middle of these, but there was barely any in them.  The filling in the red velvet was a little strange - pretty straight cream cheese.  Both cakes were too dry around the edges.  Overall, they were tasty (especially the peanut butter) but the price for what you get will keep us from going back.
3	I spent $15 on four cupcakes here. I just had to get that out there.  That is pretty damn expensive, even in the fancy cupcake scene. They are very basic-looking and on the small-average size. The texture of these cupcakes are PERFECT.  I don't know if I have tasted a cake with a more amazing texture - they were moist and spongy and soft and were not overloaded with icing or sugar. But, they had no flavor.  I tried the lemon and red velvet and both were lacking a significant flavor.  They tasted like...nothing. And although the icing on the lemon cupcake was yellow, I could not detect even the slightest bit of lemon in there.
2	I've been looking forward to trying this bakery for a while now, and today I finally did.  I expected the cupcakes to be expensive, but I was still bowled over by the $3.50 price for a single, very average sized cake.  The selection was pretty good - everything from the standard chocolate and red velvet to peanut butter and cherry.  I asked the woman at the counter for her recommendation and she said everyone seems to love the red velvet but her personal favorite was the Tropical Vacation, which had coconut and a pineapple filling.  I purchased my cupcake and took it back to the office with me to enjoy.I was impressed by the packaging, and I suspect that's where the bulk of my $3.50 (plus tax) went.  The plan white cube had an interior cupcake tray so the cupcake wouldn't go sloshing around.  It was a nice touch.  I just finished eating my afternoon treat, and here are my thoughts:- Average size- Heavy, but that's due to the huge amount of very heavy frosting- The consistency of the cake was very nice - not dry, not too dense, just right- The coconut flakes in the cake itself was a very nice and unexpected treat.- I expected the cake to be coconut flavored, but it wasn't - it was just a white cake.- The pineapple filling had absolutely no flavor aside from "sweet"- Way too much frosting.  The sugar overpowered whatever little bit of flavor the cake or filling may have provided.- The frosting itself was way too dense.  I was able to pick it up and break off a piece without it getting messy or falling apart.I really, really wanted to love Cupcakes by Design and would have gladly paid $3.50 for a really spectacular cupcake, especially when the flavor selection is really unique, but I can't imagine I'll ever go back unless their prices drop by a couple bucks.
2	I agree with the other reviews in that the cupcakes are way overpriced for what you get.  I bought the cherry, peanut butter, and red velvet for about $10 after I split the half-dozen with a friend.The cakes were average sized and the white cake in particular was very dense and not moist at all with barely any flavor.  The frosting was boring and was mostly just sweet.  There was barely any filling in the cupcakes, which would have helped moisten them at least.If we need to fulfill our cupcake cravings, we'll go a few doors down to Luci's instead for the Wicked cupcakes.
2	As a cupcake geek, I was pretty excited when I saw the beginning construction for this place earlier this year. So, I take no joy in expressing my disappointment with Cupcakes By Design. The first time I went in there, I was really surprised by what I saw. For $3.50 per cupcake, I expected a little bit of creativity in the decoration or something. Instead, I found cupcakes that were about the size of what I bake at home with what amounted to a dollop of frosting. Yes, they obviously used a piping tip but there was no sense of fun or creativity in the decoration. And for $3.50, there should be a lot more frosting. I had their banana cupcake which was OK. It was the first time I had a banana cake that wasn't like banana bread but rather cake with some banana flavoring--though I believe they used fresh bananas. The frosting was...meh. Whenever I go to another city, I always stop at a bakery. And it's rare that I've seen any place charge $3.50 for the size that this place offers. I just can't justify it in this case.I was also a little soured when I stopped in their another time to talk to the owner about an event I was having. I wasn't even asking for any donations--only if they happened to have day-old cupcakes they wanted to get rid of. If not, no big deal. I was going to go on and explain about this community event I was putting on called CupcakeCamp and maybe ask someone to come judge and I even had a little flyer, but the owner totally shut me down before I could go further. She wasn't rude by any means. But she certainly put the curt in courteous. I understand having trepidation with a new business and it's fine to say no to me. But to not even hear me out first, frankly, kind of sucked. And if you're a new business, you'd think one would want to hear about an opportunity to freely promote to a big crowd. I probably won't be swinging by here again until I feel like all bad cupcake karma has been vanquished.
2	I was excited to see this place open for two reasons. 1. I am a big fan of cupcakes2. It's close to my houseI love red velvet cakes and decided to try that one.  Little to say I was disappointed.  The cupcake was lacking in flavor and consistency.  It felt a little dense as other reviewers had mentioned.  I wasn't also a fan of the filling inside.  I was also hoping for a better presentation with the frosting.  The frosting on top was good, that at least saved the cupcake for me.  I won't write this place off, but hoping the other flavors are more redeeming.
5	These cupcakes are unbelievably good!  They are $3.50 a piece and a little larger then average size, but worth every penny!  I bought 6 different kinds and every one was delicious.  The cake was very moist, the filling was fantastic and the frosting was heavenly!  What a great treat to have such a great cupcake bakery in our neighborhood!
5	I recently had a "cupcake cake" made here for my son's 4th birthday... Every year i try to have a very unique cake.  Went in with an idea for an ocean/beach setting and the owner knew exactly what I was trying to accomplish!  It turned out beautiful!  Absolutely perfect, and ALL the cupcakes were so fresh and moist.... Best part was the unbelievable price!  We were able to pick a variety of cupcakes to make the 32 for the cake... (which choice is important for 4 yr olds:)  Custom, and fresh are not usually affordable!Thank u so much, the cupcakes were a huge hit!
1	I went in a few months ago to buy cupcakes for a client gift.  It was the middle of the afternoon and no one was in the shop.  I walked in, looked at some cupcakes in the case and waited for someone to come and greet me.  I waited some more. I shuffled my weight from one foot to the next.  No one came.  I looked thru the window to the back room. A woman saw me but ignored me. I waited another 60 seconds (and yes, I mentally counted 60 seconds in my head) and then walked out.  We now happily get all of our corporate gifts from Urban Cookies (they have excellent cupcakes and more, BTW), and they're happy to speak with us and even make customized boxes with our logo -- for FREE!
4	It was my son's 8th birthday, but with just my wife, his 5-year-old brother and myself to celebrate we certainly didn't need a full cake, So instead we decided to stop here and let everyone pick out their own cupcake. We had chocolate, vanilla, lemon and even red velvet. The kids thought the cupcakes were yummy and my wife and I agreed that they are much better than Sprinkles - where they use a very heavy batter.As a family owned and run shop, the service was very friendly and we talked about how many new businesses are going in at the intersection of Bethany and 16th Street. With new bars, restaurants, shops, a gym and even a kids gymnastic business, it's really becoming one of the gems of North Central Phoenix. Having a delicious cupcake shop is just an added benefit!Plus, they don't just do cupcakes, they can do full cakes for weddings, birthday parties, anniversaries and they'll even do character cupcakes. This is a local business I am proud to support.
5	We tried this place and loved the banana/ chocolate cupcake and the devil's food/marshmallow cupcake. The texture is moist and tender, better than Sprinkles, which was dry and tough when we tried it.We split the cherry cupcake and both thought it could do without the cherry filling, which looks too much like Pepto-Bismal.We'll be going back here, as they have a chocolate-cherry one I want to try.
5	ONE huge problem with this place - the cupcakes are addictive.  I think I need cupcake rehab, and it's all because of them!  I noticed this place before it opened, I live in the neighborhood and once it opened I stopped in to try it out.  I've tried almost all of the flavors, and I never liked red velvet until I had theirs, which is heavenly!!  Sometimes, my boyfriend will stop by on his way home from work and surprise me with one of their cupcakes.  The cupcakes are so amazing that I have to talk myself out of going there everyday, good thing they're not open 7 days a week or I'd be in trouble!!  I recently had family come to visit from out of town, and I made sure to get them cupcakes before they left - now they can't wait until their next visit for some more cupcakes - that is, if they're any left after I get to them!!! :)
2	Alright, as I've said in other postings- I love Cupcakes. I take great personal delight in finding superb cup cakes. I was excited to see the Cupcakes by Design sign as I was driving down Bethany Home, so I stopped in. First, I have to pan the atmosphere. Sterile, and boring. I took a look at the cupcakes, and they looked average and also boring. Basically, they looked small with a dollop of icing. I've looked at other reviews, and people said that they tasted good, but the presentation did not leave me yearning to try one. So I left. To each her own, but for a cupcake that costs $3.50, I expect more.- as in bigger and more frosting.
4	I've been looking for a good cupcake company after a horrid experience at Sprinkles. Knowing I had been craving a good lemon cupcake with a light taste, my boyfriend got four cupcakes here after I gave birth to our son. I loved them but for very specific reasons:- First of all I'm not a big frosting fan, so it's nice to actually have a place that doesn't mask the taste of it's cupcake with massive amounts of frosting. The frosting that was there was delicious.- I do not like a heavy flavor in my cupcake and that's what Cupcakes by Design provides. The lemon cupcake had the exact amount of lemon flavor I was craving for months. The cherry was perfect. I love the fact that their banana cupcake IS NOT a banana muffin texture (like some other places). And my boyfriend loved their peanut butter cupcake. - They have a good variety of cupcakes and the fillings are good as well, but not necessarily needed. We'll definitely be frequenting this place.
3	Hi my name is Katie, and I have a cupcake addiction. To date, my favorite cupcakes have been 1) Hey Cupcake in Austin, TX, 2) Cupcakes Couture Manhattan Beach, CA. I'm still searching for my favorite cupcakery in my home state of Arizona, but until I find something I like more; I was ecstatic to find Cupcake by Design just down the highway from my house. This isn't the first time I've paid $3.50 for a cupcake (decorative cupcakes are $4), and I liked some things about different cakes we tried.  This is the first time I haven't seen a discount when you buy a half dozen ($21). Mini's are available for pre-order at $2 a mini.The flavors we tried were my signature Red Velvet (red velvet cake, cream cheese filled, with cream cheese frosting), Devil's Delight (Devil's food cake, filled with bavarian cream, and fudge icing), Love My Peanut Butter (peanut butter cake, fudge filled, peanut buyer cream icing), and Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup (Devil's food cake, peanut butter filled, chocolate peanut butter icing).The red velvet had a pretty deep red color, and a moist cake, but I liked the cream cheese filling (which there could have been more of!) better than the cream cheese icing, which was just a little too sugary. The Devil's Delight was skimpy on the bavarian cream, but had a delicious devil's food flavor and a the fudge icing was a nice balance. This one I ate in the shop, and the owner even had complimentary water and coffee set out for patrons who decided to enjoy her deliciousness before they even left the store. It was a nice touch, and reinforced what a great neighborhood feel you can find in the Uptown area.The Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup had what seemed like solid peanut butter in the center, and was tasty when you distributed it between bites. If not, you may look a little like Mr. Ed as you eat this tasty cake. I probably should have had the Love my Peanut Butter before the chocolate peanut butter, because I totally lost the peanut butter flavor in the second cupcake. Some of this could be as a result of by tastebuds still lingering in the strong chocolatey peanut buttery goodness from the cake before. And if you're thinking, wait, did this chick really eat 4 cupcakes? Yes and no. I brought them to a friend's house and we cut them up and all had tastes of each one and shared our thoughts.Final verdict: Would I go back for more? Yes. Is my search over for the perfect cupcakery in AZ? No, I will still be on the lookout for a replacement. Until then, I have found a tasty place for my tastebuds to flirt until I find "the one."To view the other cupcakeries I've tried across the US, visit:http://eatinganddrinkingacrosstheusa.blogspot.com
5	I love this place. Cupcakes should be sweet, moist and flavorful. That's what they are!! Normal sized and worth every penny. I wouldn't care if they sold them on a cart on the side of the road in the ghetto! So to me the place is fine and the lady is always nice, even if i have to wait a minute or two i understand. The cupcakes are filled and delicious.Anyways they are addictive! I tried to go one Monday and they were closed so I tried urban cookie and there is no comparison! Urban cookies tasted like something I tried to make when I was five but I messed up the recipe. This place is magic! And I'm glad I found it.
5	One word.... YUM!  The cupcakes at this place are amazing!  Best I've had so far in Phoenix. I can't quite wrap my head around some of the negative reviews.
2	I really wanted to love these.  I'm a cake snob.  I need deep rich flavors an textures and also need to be wowed with high caliber ingredients.  I don't care what the cost if the quality and flavor is there.  I'm spoiled by Leda's in Los Angeles which had it all including a panache in the presentation.  These tasted no better than the ones at Basha's or box mix.  The icing in particular seemed like stuff off a shelf.  Not in the same league as Urban Cookies or Sprinkles.  Sadly.  Wanted to love them and especially as a local small business I would like to support.  Hope they read Yelp and recognize.
2	I am plump. Rotund. Chubby, tubby, roly-poly, or, to borrow a word from comedian Gabriel Iglesias, I'm a "fluffy" kinda girl.And yet, just one of these cupcakes had me thinking, "not worth the calories." Even after I'd scraped off half of the mountain of icing. It wasn't because of the filling, though I eyed it with some skepticism (I hate filled donuts, custard, pudding, anything goopy). I actually thought the filling on my Tropical Vacation cupcake was the only saving grace. It was slightly runny, but flavorful. The cake itself was...sticky? tacky? lacked depth of flavor and suggested the use of colorants. The frosting outweighed the cake and was much too sugary for my taste.Even if these were cheaper than their $3.50/cupcake price tag, I still wouldn't be frequenting this place.
1	Blech. I wish I had that $3.83 back. I saw this place on Groupon yesterday, and the picture of the strawberry cupcake was so beautiful, I had to have one. I stopped by, and everything in the case looked pretty good. I settled on the strawberry, based on that Groupon picture, and its description - strawberry cake, filled with strawberry compote, and topped with strawberry buttercream. That description ending up being deceiving though. Everything tasted like fake strawberry, and the "compote" was that nasty gelatinous "strawberry filling" that comes in a tub. I'm not sure the "buttercream" had any butter in it at all, and if it did, it was overwhelmed by shortening. I ate a couple bites of the cupcake, then placed the rest of it back into the handy container to throw it away. It was just SO not worth the calories. And the price was outrageous for what are clearly low-quality ingredients (you'd be better off buying grocery store cupcakes). Maybe I just made a mistake by trying the strawberry. But I won't be going back to find out if any other flavors are better. When I left this place, I drove straight to Urban Cookies to get my fix. For just $2.80 I had a replacement cupcake that was far superior in quality and taste.
5	these cupcakes are so good I had them made my cake for my wedding reception. MoistPerfect amount of frostingCreamy CenterI have tried the chocolate, lemon, German chocolate and red velvet...all yummy
5	Some cupcakes look sooo delicious, your mouth waters at the sight of them.  Only to take a bite and realize the disappointment of an average-joe; dressed up for prom.  Like you're gonna give away your sacred calories on this?!  Not so, with Cupcakes by Design!!  It's love at first bite as these delightful, delectables, deliver with as much promise as it looks.  Smooth, creamy icings swirled atop the soft, moist cake with just the right amount of sweet in both - plus to find the secret cream filling in the middle of the cake!  These confections will have you begging to go all the way!  I have been going steady with these cakes since we met (soon after they opened), now I want for no others.  Call for your first dream date today!
3	Solid cupcake and satisfied my craving. I got the chocolate chip/chocolate icing and it was moist and yummy. Were the choices as innovative as other places? Not really. The look of the cupcakes was a little less that what I expect for $3.50 a cup cake. The filling was also not centered- which is not a big deal at all. I assumed they forgot it, and only came to it during the last couple of bites. It was the same as the frosting, which became a little overpowering. Overall, good place and great for a fix if I don't feel like going out of my way. I just wish the price was a little more reasonable... and no, I don't just want a bigger cupcake.
1	I'm incredibly disappointed in Cupcakes by Design.  It simply didn't provide the quality you would expect from a business that sells only one product.  In fact, I don't feel they delivered quality at all.I paid $22 for 6 cupcakes.  If I wasn't out of town for a week, I would have brought them back and asked for a refund.  I think it says a lot when you have a dinner party and still have 5 of 6 cupcakes left over at the end of the night.The cake portion wasn't as good as a box cake mix.  I can't remember the time I've had a (cup)cake that was that lackluster.  It wasn't notably moist, didn't have a distinct texture, and most importantly had zero flavor.  I ordered 3 different varieties and all tasted exactly the same.The frosting was equally disappointing.  Again, none had much flavor other than "sweet."  Truly, funfetti icing tastes far better.Although taste is most important, I also feel the presentation was lacking quite a bit for cupcakes that cost nearly $4 a piece.  There was no design, the frosting was kind of just thrown on top, nothing fancy in terms of bags or boxes... and what I thought was kind of funny... each cupcake had this hand-made, tacky sign stuck into it (think piece of scrap paper, hand-written flavor, taped to a tooth pick - tacky grandma's house style).Look, I'll eat just about anything.  But I wouldn't waste my time on these cupcakes ever again, and unless there's a major re-vamp here, I don't think many people would.
4	To be clear, I am cake type person rather than cupcake type person so I do not ask much of my cupcakes. I have tried Sprinkles and another cupcake specialty place that used to be at Arrowhead Mall -so memorable that I can't even remember the name and at each place, the cupcakes were tasty but unexpectedly on the drier side. Perhaps, this is why I rarely expect much of cupcakes from stores. I enjoy them if they are simply: sweet, moist, and have a thick creamy butter cream frosting. I've tasted a few cakes that have achieved near perfection in these categories but have yet to find a cupcake that comes even close.I stumbled across this bakery while hanging out with my friend and we both decided to get the 12 pack of mini cupcakes to give them a try. I mistreated the cupcakes by dragging them around all day running errands and leaving them in the car at times when it was around 109 degrees outside. By the time I got home, the perfectly shaped frosting was half melted,  and I thought, "Great. I really ruined them!" But,  I decided to try one anyway. It was sweet, it was moist, and I was pleasantly surprised that there was filling. Even my hubby who is very anti-cupcake really enjoyed his cupcake. We placed the remaining in the fridge to re-cool and ate them like popcorn (since they were so mini) as an after dinner treat.I hadn't done my homework on this place and neglected to read the reviews before randomly stopping in this bakery. I'm glad I got a chance to stop in, because I actually really liked my cucpakes from here and I am surprised by some of the harsh reviews. Whether I'm just missing something or the mini cucpakes are superior to the regular sized ones,  I will definitely include this bakery when and if I get a craving or receive a need for cupcakes. FYI...the mini pack included red velvet (with cream cheese frosting/filling), lemon (with lemon compote filling), strawberry (with strawberry jelly filling), chocolate (with chocolate filling), chocolate (with vanilla filling), and vanilla (with chocolate filling). There were 2 of each flavor I mentioned.
3	Popped in here real fast to grab some lunchtime treats for my coworkers and saw they had a sale for a dozen mini cupcakes half-prize. Love a good deal.The place is super cute and the gal behind the counter is just as sweet as her cupcakes. A dozen mini cupcakes were on sale for $12 which I thought wasn't much a sale, so I would suggest in just going for the full size cupcakes. They're $3.50/piece. I had the chocolate chip cupcake and it was great! Really thick, rich icing on top. My coworkers loved the red velvet and chocolate on chcolate ones too.
2	I don't eat cake (or cupcakes) very often, but when I do I would expect better than what I experienced at Cupcakes by Design...especially for $3.50 for ONE cupcake. They are visually nice. Simple and not too much frosting. In my book, frosting is the side in this main meal...the cake. There's no need to overdue it, because i'm just going to take most of it off. Anyway. The frosting left much to be desired...and after tasting the cake, I wish the frosting had something more to help me choke down the cake. The cake lacked moisture, and was overbaked in some areas (old oven maybe?) and it just wasn't delicious at all. I went for the salted caramel cupcake, hoping it would knock my socks off. Welp...my socks are still there...nowhere close to hitting the floor.It was filled with this brown goo that tasted nothing like caramel, and the consistency was wrong too. What was this exactly?Now, normally i don't disect my cupcakes, but after being told these were the best cupcakes in the valley, I felt the need to taste every part of these in order to accept this statement. After tasting each part seperately (frosting, cake, filling) I lumped them all together and was STILL disappointed.I'm sorry Cupcakes by Design, but you just didn't cut it for me this time. I'll try you one last time in hopes that I received a bad batch.Until then....
5	Ordered six different flavors in advance. Perfectly packaged - perfectly delicious!
4	My goodness, I almost wasn't going to review this place (it's just a cupcake shop, should have good enough reviews), but really??? 3 stars??? Come on...First of all, if you think their frosting is just as good or worse than 'funfetti frosting', please don't ever go to a cupcake shop again. Do us all a favor and go back to making cupcakes in your basement and leave the cupcake bakery reviewing to the adults.I bought: one Chocolate Peanut Butter cupcake, one Lemon cupcake, one Chocolate Chip cupcake, and one German Chocolate Cake cupcake. I also wanted to buy: one Blueberry cupcake, one Strawberry cupcake, one Red Velvet cupcake... the list goes on.First impressions: yes, the environment is 'sterile'. Sure, they could jazz up the walls with some decorations or whatever tickles your fancy, but they haven't. Go eat your cupcake at home, or in a park, if you want scenery. SMH here, people.There is: a display of cupcakes. Seating, Walls. A fridge with milk in it. A cash register. A human to serve you. Standard bakery fare, I imagine. I found it fine and, daresay, completely acceptable for a cupcake shop. No, it's not like that cupcake shop in Vegas in between the Luxor and the other ones (yes, I've been there, no, I didn't review it, it was okay). But you're also in Vegas and those cupcakes were like $6 so...It took 10 seconds for the nice lady to come and greet us. No, I didn't mentally count 10 seconds in my head because I was too busy being WOWED BY THE OPTIONS.The cupcakes were $3.50. Apparently they've been $3.50 since at least 2011, so if this is still surprising to you... I don't really know what to say.4 different people ate these cupcakes (all adults). I only got to try one (my own), because everyone had inhaled their cupcakes and didn't wait for me to finish pouring my milk. In my family, it's an incredible sign that I didn't get to try any other cupcake because my family members aren't fans of sweets and there's usually something always left over for me. No, THAT'S how delicious my family found these cupcakes.All 4 adults enjoyed the heck out of their cupcakes (flavorful, moist, etc.), asked when I could purchase them more cupcakes from Cupcakes by Design, and one of them even demanded Cupcakes by Design for their birthday (okay, that was me). Not one adult compared the frosting to funfetti, because God help the adult who compares $3.50 homemade cupcakes I just bought to cupcakes from a box!!I personally liked the fact that the frosting didn't overwhelm the cupcake, but would I have complained if it did? NO, because that frosting was damn tasty, and I don't begrudge tasty frosting!There's parking out front especially reserved for Cupcakes by Design, which is handy when Luci's customers have taken every single spot out front.4 stars because it's a cupcake shop, I liked the cupcakes, and so did everyone else. I'll be back as soon as I'm in the area, and I hope Cupcakes by Design stays in business. They're worth $3.50 and they're worth you trying, even just once.
4	Uber-yum and fun designsTook advantage of a coupon for Cupcakes by Design for our daughter's 5th birthday.  They did a wonderful job with the "High Tea" theme, even fashioning a confection tea set as a topper.  The cake was a hit with the little ladies at my daughter's party, as well as the parents.My wife also bought some cupcakes while there. We probably partake of sweet baked goods WAY too often, but we especially enjoyed their treats.  Cake was soft and moist. Icing wasn't overboard.  And they successfully balanced things without being so intensely sugary sweet that you fall into a diabetic coma shortly after ingestion.  The selection has cute design touches, too.I'm surprised their rating isn't higher.  Regardless, we'll be back.
5	I ordered my first cake from Cupcakes by Design recently and from the moment I walked into their Delcious Smelling Bakery I was in absolute Awe!  I had asked them to put a design on the top that had to do with gaming and I FREAKED when I saw the ENTIRE cake was in the shape of an xbox controller - it was so--- real looking that my 3 year old grandson kept hitting the button on the top of the cake!  It was absolutely DELICIOUS, BEAUTIFUL and I literally started crying when I saw it.  I couldn't believe my eyes AND... it was AFFORDABLE and FRESH!  I have been to several bakeries in North Scottsdale and none of them measured up to Cupcakes by Design.  My entire family Loved the experience of the delicious cake!
1	I consider myself a cake connoisseur. In fact, I'm a food snob all around. I don't mind paying high prices for quality and fresh ingredients. I was looking for a really good bakery cupcake, and after reading online that these were $3.50 each, I though, "Wow, they must be good." I went in and picked six flavors, for which I paid nearly $23, and was excited to bring them home to my family.  I was sorely disappointed, as were my kids.  My first taste of the salted caramel frosting had me protesting that it tasted like grocery store frosting!  And believe me, there's nothing I hate worse than a grocery store cake. I would rather have no cake at all than a grocery store cake.  The same went for the cake and the filling.  I then took a taste of several of the other flavors I had bought. Same thing, they all tasted like processed, fake, grocery store crap.  Sure, they were pretty and the flavors were fun, but the cupcakes themselves were probably the worst bakery cakes I've ever had.  Even if they were $1 each, I wouldn't go back.Not even sure how this plays stays open when they have competition like Urban Cookies, whose cupcakes are $1 cheaper, and are made with REAL ingredients, and taste homemade.    I'm new to Phoenix and U.C. is the only other bakery I've been to here, but Cupcakes by Design are not even on the same level.
5	I was craving cupcakes and lo and behold, this just happened to be a couple doors down from a shop I was visiting! (The cupcake Gods were watching over me!)I waltzed in and the owner (Sharon, I'm assuming from the photos on Yelp) greeted me with a big smile and she complimented my hat and we chatted about fashion for a little bit. She was just so very nice and sweet! I love when local shop owners take the time to connect with their customers instead of going straight for the sale.I chose a couple of cupcakes to bring back for my fella and his family and asked her which was her favorite for a last cupcake in the set and she gave me an extra one for FREE since I was indecisive about which of her favorites I wanted to try.Other reviewers said the cupcakes were dry, but we didn't think so at all! We all each sampled them and left them on the counter for a couple days and even on their last day they were still delicious and not dry (granted not AS MOIST or FRESH as the day we got them)... but still, these held up to ever delicious morsel!I didn't think these cupcakes were expensive. Not cheap. But then again, I live in LA where a vegan cupcake half the size of the ones here are $5.00... just sayin.Thanks Sharon for your wonderful service and delicious cupcakes! Next time I'm back in town will stop by again!
2	There just wasn't a lot of flavor to these. We were so bummed as they were part of my mothers day present.
4	The lady was very nice and very helpful. We talked over a wedding order and if I had a bigger budget, I would go with her. Unfortunately, I don't and I just cant justify spending that much per cupcake. Maybe for myself, but not for 100 guests.
2	Wanted to try a couple of cupcakes here before getting a couple of dozen for a friend's luncheon.  I'm glad I only got a couple and no more.  The cupcakes literally had no taste and the frosting was more like a whipped greasy mess that left a bad after taste in my mouth.  The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because at least the cupcakes were moist. With all of the other choices in the valley, don't waste your money here.
2	Oh, I wanted to love this place! I really did. Phoenix NEEDS cupcakes, desserts, pastries, etc! I was very underwhelmed. The Key Lime cupcake was the best of the lot. I'm a sucker for key lime, but that's this cupcake's saving grace. The flavor was very subtle, and this is a trend with all the cupcakes. The Lemon cupcake was very much lacking in flavor. Even more subtle than the Key Lime. One good thing are the cakes themselves; at least they're moist. And the ratio of frosting to cake is spot on. However the flavors are not quite what I was expected, especially given how much each cupcake cost. I'll probably try this place again sometime next year, if they're still in business. Maybe there will be a tastier batch of cupcakes! As for now I'm going to pass. On a side note, the ladies behind the counter were in fact very kind and personable.
5	I wanted cupcakes for my birthday instead of cake so I saw the groupon for it, read good reviews, and purchased it. I called to place my order and told her ill try to make it before closing time (4pm) on Saturday. My family is all about last minute so I called to see if she could stay open for just a little longer since I was on my way. She said yes and I thought this was nice of her. She really cares for her clients. If that was me I would've been like "nope sorry I'm trying to get home." We ordered red velvet, salted caramel, angel wings, and chocolate covered cherry. I fell in love with chocolate covered cherry, but all the flavors were delicious. The cupcakes stayed moist and perfect for 3 days (not sure if they can go longer, but they lasted 3 days in my household). I think I might go to her instead for my wedding cake, the chocolate covered cherry flavor is to die for and I'm sure no one else could perfect it like she did.
1	Cupcakes were dry and low on flavor. I prefer at least "natural" food, so the bright colors pretty much scared me. You'd think that even with all the artificiality these would be high on flavor, but lacked it.
5	These cupcakes were AMAZING! The devils surprise (devils food cake filled with marshmallow cream and topped with ganache) was to die for! Probably one of my favorites! I would recommend so many of my friends!
1	I feel bad writing this review. I was really excited to try these cupcakes with filling. The staff was very nice but the cupcakes were gross.  They tasted artificial to me. Maybe the same as or a step above a grocery store. I really wanted to like this place but I threw away most of the cupcakes after 1 bite. I felt like it was a huge waste of money. Sorry.
5	I ordered cupcakes for my daughters wedding and they were absolutely delicious! I cannot say enough good things about my entire experience here. The ladies were helpful and went above and beyond to not only make the cupcakes delicious but they looked beautiful too! Many of the wedding guests commented in how they were the best cupcakes they ever had!! I agree!! We got 6 flavors and no one was disappointed.. Thanks ladies for all you did to make the day special!!
5	I love this place! I must admit the cupcakes are a little pricey compared to other shops but so worth it. I have tried many different cake places, and nothing compares for me!! I even came here for my wedding cake and a couple dozen cupcakes. The ladies who work here are so nice and made the whole cake tasting so much fun and easy! I brought in a couple pictures of cakes and she made it look exactly how I wanted! You must try this place.
