5	There's been a death at the Rosson House. A toddler has been laid out in a white silk lined coffin in the parlor, her ivory skin cool in the warm October afternoon. All the mirrors have been covered with black fabric to keep her spirit from getting trapped in this world. As silence settles in on the historic Phoenix homestead, it's apparent you're not along. Of course, this could be because I was touring the Rosson House this Saturday with six European tourists. Not only was this tour informative about the history of the building, but the rebirth of our city as well. Believe it our not, the Rosson House was previously used as a boarding house--its patios boarded up to make more room--then sat vacant and in disrepair. The City purchased the house, along with the square block on which it stood, in 1984 and undertook a seven year restoration project that cost around $700,000. But it was well worth it, to step into the past in this amazing structure. There are ten rooms (including three bedrooms and a nursery) and five fireplaces, but I think only one bathroom (which is upstairs). I could go on, but that would spoil the fun of taking the tour yourself. Tickets cost $7.50 and it indicated this was a 30 minute tour, but ours lasted nearly an hour. I enjoyed every minute of it, though, and can't wait to return for the Christmas set up. Oh, and that death I started out with? It's just part of their October seasonal offerings. Nobody really died in the Rosson House. Or did someone?
5	A true Phoenix gem dating to 1895. And a miracle that it still stands, since Phoenix has a record of demolishing everything that makes the city unique. You take a step back in time to a different era when you walk through the door. Affordable and worth every minute. To those who say Phoenix has no history, you're wrong.
5	Rosson House was a wonderful and reasonably priced venue for our event. It was a beautiful outdoor space and accommodated our vision perfectly. Tom and Brittany were wonderful; they communicated promptly with me in email as we were considering the venue, ensured that all paperwork was filled out, and were on site and present for the event. Their contract and procedures were clearly stated and they worked with us to make sure we had everything we needed. We would love to host events there in the future, but it's an exceptional venue for a wedding, and the photo opportunities are unbelievable!
5	This is a great place to go for a small afternoon/morning trip. If you are a AAA/student/senior you do get a discounted ticket rate, so make sure and let the cashier know if you belong to any of the discounted programs. We had Charlotte as our tour guide, she was great. Very knowledgeable, friendly, and was able to answer all of the questions we had. The house is very unique and the way the tour is set up is perfect, you are able to go into every room in the house except the attic. Also a tour of the Victorian style undergarments is included, it is in a separate house but the tour guide will take you over and show you everything. I was very surprised to learn a lot and I loved the charm the house had.  Highly recommended!
4	Got 2 free kids admission coupons, so I paid for myself, and my daughters and I took the tour.It was really neat to learn about that part of Phoenix's past, and I absolutely love historic architecture!The players, in period costume, made the tour that much more entertaining.I love the layout of the house, as well.The after tour, which included much of Heritage Square, and a side exhibit of vintage undergarments, was quite interesting.This isn't really something I would likely do again for myself, but I would consider taking out of town guests on the tour.
5	Wonderful guided tour of the entire home. The guide is not only informative about the home but very knowledgeable about Arizona history. The tour is about an hour and a half and the best part is it only costs $6.50 for adults with AAA. $7.50 regular price. Cool activity at an amazingly inexpensive price. Go there!
5	We had our wedding in December at Heritage Square. The staff was so friendly, quick to email back, and worked with us to accommodate all of our needs. We were so happy with our decision to host the wedding there, and it will forever be a special place for us.Here are some tips though:  You get to bring your own liquor, which will save Thousands of dollars.Not a huge fan of catering companies, we had our favorite restaurant come in and cater the meal for us.It is a do it yourself space. So you have to bring in everything. Which is so nice because we got to choose all our own vendors and were able to do everything our way (compared to limited choices with an "all in one" venue)We used Affordable Rentals for all of the tables, chairs, linens and lights and They were great as well.
3	The only place in downtown Phoenix that can be gone in daytime. Historic and the tour was ok. The tour lady was good and remarkable.But quite boring and nothing much when compared to castles and mansions.
5	Who knew that such a lovely historic home was sitting right in the midst of our downtown? I've lived here 20 years and seen the house, but never ventured in for a tour. What was I waiting for?? This home is gorgeously refurbished to reflect its heyday. Great history lesson and some very fine furnishings and antiques throughout. A shout-out to Michael, our tour guide for an inspiring visit. And... tons of great eateries right around the corner. Loved it.
3	Located in the Heritage Square is this Victorian house. We only walked around the house and didn't pay to get in. There are certain parts of history I'm interested in and I was limited on time so, I skipped the guided tour.Lots of pretty flowers. There's a carriage house and a small souvenir shop.
