3	Boutique Erotika has awesome window displays, candy meets porn!!!! Wawawewa! After my initial excitement of seeing a gingerbread man sporting a whip and strapon, I was slightly dissapointed by the goods in this place.The front of the shop had sexy Halloween costumes and gag sex gifts. To the right hand side they had the cheaply packaged "made in China" type vibrators, dildos etc. The back had the more quality stuff locked behind glass cabinets. Some lingerie and change rooms too.Staff were polite and young hipster boy was eager to share his insight on vibrators.Affiliated shop directly nextdoor has all the "HARDCORE" stock.
4	I loved this place!  How could you not want to visit a shop that has a full on S&M Gingerbread man in the window?  Don't even get me started on the colourful mixing bowl, dildo, and martini glasses in the window.We walked by this shop earlier in the day, but sadly it was closed.  However, later on in the afternoon we stopped by the check it out.  Sadly, no gingerbread cookies or gummie bears sold inside, but the place was really nice all the same.  Didn't feel even a little bit seedy.  Staff were anxious to help out if we needed it.  Their small back back room is lined with locked glass cases featuring the higher end sex toys...and though it seemed a little odd at first, it did give this place a touch of class...and trust me, I've never uttered, much less written the words sex toys and class in the same sentence.Lots of costumes, gag gifts and less expensive sex toys lined the walls and shelves in the main store area. Next door - hardcore stuff, we didn't visit, but the two ladies who stood outside the shop door for a few minutes giggling did.
3	Great store with wide variety and friendly, helpful staff.  Just be weary of how some of their toys are priced--I found most of the purchases I made in store could have been purchased online for less than half the price. Regardless, the high markup in price may be worth the service, location, and variety.
