5	Etiquette Question:  When waiting to get your new engagement ring sized down to fit your ring finger, what is worse?  A) Wearing the ring on the wrong finger so it doesn't fall off OR B) Not wearing it at all.  I say not wearing it at all, especially if your ring is as perfectly gorgeous as mine is.  I couldn't leave it in the sad little box all alone at home.I took my new ring into a few stores to get quotes on the sizing and all of the places said I would have to leave it over the weekend because that is when the jeweler was working.  What a bummer!  The weekend is when I want to show everyone my new ring and announce my engagement.  It didn't seem like much fun to do one without the other.Then, on a Wednesday afternoon, I decided it wouldn't hurt to check with the jewelry store across the street from my office, Renaissance Fine Jewelry.  I had a few watch batteries replaced there a while back and was very happy with the quality and speed of the service.After showing the jeweler my ring, he was the first (and only) one to point out a few things about the ring that would cause challenges with the re-sizing process.  I was impressed.  Then he said he could I would most likely be able to pick up the ring on Friday.  That was music to my ears; I would have it for the weekend!!!How could he do this so quickly when the other places wanted to keep my ring for 5-6 days?  I'll tell you why.  He is the guy; he IS the jeweler!  It is so nice to know that you are talking to the person who is actually doing the work!The best part was I didn't even have to wait until Friday!!  My ring was ready for pick up less than 24 hours later!  Fantastic!  Yes, his price was a little higher than the other places, however for the upfront identification/notification of the challenges, the friendly service, and the speedy turnaround, it was worth every dime!Now if I only had more jewelry to take to Renaissance . . .  =)
5	My husband found this little place near his office a few years ago.  What a gem.  The owner Jaime, is honest, fast and very good.  He knows what he's doing.  Not the biggest of places, but he has a nice selection of jewelry.  He's designed some custom pieces for us, working on one for me right now and we couldn't be happier.
5	Granted I only needed a new watch battery.  But I have to say this was a very pleasant place to stop and get the work done.  As others have said, Jaime, the owner and his wife were very friendly and inviting.  I enjoyed my 10 minutes there while he worked on the watch.  We had a very nice conversation and I will head back there to buy the next piece of bling for the missus. Nice personal service deserves a return visit.Great find.
1	Asked the jewler if he was able to replace the battery in my husband's Tag and he said it wouldn't be a problem.  Left the watch with him while I got a sandwich and when I came back he said he didn't actually have a battery that fit.  Since the watch was in the case and on the pillow, I didn't think to check it right there.  Turns out, he did quite a bit of damage to the back of the watch in his poor attempt at opening the back.  Worse than that is the fact that he didn't mention it at all, leaving me to discover it when it was too late to do anything about it.  I would never bring even the cheapest of jewelry to this place to repair again.  Dishonesty is not a quality you want in someone you're leaving your valuables with.
4	Amazing service, quality product, and great prices. Purchased both wedding bands as well as engagement ring. One of the best companies I have had the pleasure to do business with thus far. Rosa was amazing as well, very precise, tentative and just a doll. Thanks MDC for making the big question so much easier.
