4	YUMMMM!!  After my bad make-your-own salad experience recently at Big Daddy's I was thrilled with Crisp.  The salads are huge and they have an awesome selection of salad dressings (the mustard vinaigrette and the russian are both nice) and they toss everything up chop salad style (but will give you dressing on the side).  They also have sandwiches  and pizza, which I haven't tried.  Overall, a very crunchy experience.
4	A very nice place.  It's comfortable yet classy which is a combo that I really liked.  The salads are their claim to fame and they have really earned their reputation.  They are made with really fresh ingredients and the dressings are a very good compliment to them.  They also offer other grill type items, I haven't tried them yet but they certainly smelled good.  The service was actually pretty quick which you don't really expect from upscale type place.  Overall it was a very good experience.
4	After a weekend that involved two meals of barbecue and attending a chili cookoff, I was ready for something light and healthy. I was nervous when the guy making my Steakhouse salad asked his coworker which lettuce was romaine - and when he accidentally put chicken on my salad - but it turned out he was a new employee in training. The fresh food and great atmosphere of this salad-and-sandwich shop made up for the frustration I felt when ordering. My salad was really good and my boyfriend liked his Chicken Caesar salad.There are about a dozen salads you can try or you can make your own. They cook the meat to order for each salad, something I was impressed with. I'd much rather have my steak made for my order than sitting in some plastic container all day. They've also got some soup and sandwich options that I'll have to try next time. I was very pleased with Crisp and excited to find a new lunch place.
4	I used to live very near Crisp, so I always longed for this little corner shop to be a great restaurant. The place that was here before was awful...it kind of worked with the same concept of fresh salads and sandwiches, but it failed to follow through. It's a great venue, but the place before had this icky iceberg lettuce, and they gave you salad dressing packets like from the elementary school cafeteria.I am sad I've moved away now that Crisp is in the area! It's a great little addition to this wonderful neighborhood. My grilled veggie sandwich was perfect, and the balsamic reduction gave it the ideal burst of flavor. I'll definitely be back again and again. I'm hooked.
4	After being told by pretty much everyone I know to come here, I finally stopped in today. I'm glad I did: this could become a go-to of mine. Their menu struck me as a little small--just not that many options, but what they did have was really good. High quality veggies and meats, made well and to your satisfaction. Parking wasn't a problem, although it was pretty crowded during the lunch crunch. There's also a nice outdoor seating area, but it was way too cold today to sit out there, and no one was; this made it even more packed inside. Like someone else said, this reminds me of a Cali-style sandwich/salad place, which is a good thing. I'll definitely be back soon.
3	Food is good and fresh, room is pleasant, and the staff really hustle...all except the cashier, who is nice enough but sooooooo slow and can't keep up. She causes a bottleneck, which means customers must stand and wait to pay with their food in hand -- longer than they waited to GET the food. Hey, if they can figure it out at Salsarita's they oughta figure it out at Crisp.
4	Ok, so I have have been here twice and can't get enough of it.  Not really a fan of eating healthy, I begrudgingly came to Crisp per my girlfriend's suggestion.  ( I wanted BBQ, hushpuppies, and onion rings and she just knew better)  First when you walk in you feel that you are making a good decision by eating here.  The place is decked out in every shade of green imaginable, a very cool color scheme IMHO.  The staff is SO welcoming, they are happy to have you there & they point you in the right direction on how to start the process. I ended up ordering the BBQ Chicken salad and it was legendary.  They have all sorts of combinations as well as a make your own salad option.  The salad bowls are HUGE, so they satisfy even the most voracious appetite that walks through the door.  Make sure to try Crisp when you want something a little different and a step in the healthy direction.
4	Great neighborhood place to grab a healthy lunch.  Haven't tried it for dinner, but would assume that they serve alcohol in the evenings.  Turkey Gobbler sandwich is delicious.  Already planning a trip back for next week!
4	Unbelievable salads and sandwiches. I just can't get enough.  Pick up a free apple on your way out to fight the 3 PM munchies.
1	i am disappointed in Crisp and i think they just lost a customer---a while family. I dont' understand why you lock the door closest to your parking lot 'to accomodate the staff' when patrons have quite a ways to walk in the rain. that's ridiculous--well i hope your staff buys lots of your food--dont you think it is the paying customers who you should be pleasing, not your staff?? Even if it isn't raining--customers should have easy access to your restaurant. Lunch is a busy time for folks and they need to be able to get in and out quickly--parking is already a problem there now you are creating more barriers to your restaurant.
4	UPDATE  even know id still give it a 3.5 upon eating around town a bit more, and coming back to Crisp, I have to say it's on the higher end of 3.5 than the lower end. . Id probably give Crisp a 3.5 if .5's were allowed.  Crisp was good not great not bad consistent.  Ill go back for sure but it is what it is a salad place.    I guess im struggling cause i feel a 3 star is low, but a 4 i think is too high.  It is just really what it is an honest salad place.  It probably surpassed my expectations.  I know i will be back, and would recommend it to anyone looking for a fresh quick bite to eat. It's clean, you get real silverware and real salt and pepper shakers all plusses in my book.  It was a little chilly, but what ever thats as much the weather.
4	i went for lunch and it was wonderful. We went early around 1130 and beat the crowd. It was a great day to go it was about 70 so a good day to sit outside. The food was delicious I got a turkey sandwich with pasta salad and I just loved it! It was freshly made and they brought it right to our table. Yum!
4	Great big salads - make your own or choose from a list.  Made right in front of you and if you add meat, I think they grill it while you are waiting.  Very fresh!Now with their wine selection, and the way they dim the lights and place candles on the table - it makes it a great dinner/date place.The staff/service is very friendly, too.
4	I picked up a salad here while I was visiting a friend in the area and I was very impressed! I love a good salad with fish on top. I'm used to most quick places (like Panera) using pre-cooked, cold salmon. It was a very nice surprise that they grill the salmon to order. I wasn't expecting to wait for fish but it was more than worth it!I took my salad to go but I couldn't help but notice they had beer and wine and, of course, a patio!
3	This has been a favorite for awhile now. The steak sandwich is killer. The salads are fresh.However, the last time I went the steak in the salad was low grade and difficult to chew. I think it might be slipping. I hope I'm wrong.Heads up- it is very busy during the week for lunch. Call ahead.
2	I had lunch there today. My salad was made fresh to order but I felt it was way overpriced ($12 for a salad & a bottle of water). It was noisy inside and the AC was not the best! Overall my experience was ok but I am in no hurry to go back.
4	Great, fresh food.  Extensive list of salads made-to-order; they grill the meat while you wait.  The monterey chicken sandwich and the steak sandwich are excellent.  Wait staff is friendly; ~$10 meal with a glass of tea.  Huge lunch rush.  They remember me and my order and I appreciate that.
4	Fresh, fresh, fresh! I'm a big fan of Crisp.A few girlfriends and I stopped by Crisp to enjoy a light dinner before heading to a show at Ovens. I'm so glad I did! The salads are generous, the ingredients are fresh and crisp and all of the protein is grilled while you wait. Inside, Crisp is cute, clean and well appointed for a quick bite or two. In case you haven't been here, you order from the very nice salad crafter, she asks the kitchen to grill the protein, you pay, you sit, they bring it out to you. So, it's not full waiter service but all the staff were really friendly and helpful with suggestions when I went. I ordered the Cobb Salad and it was indeed delicious. Fresh romaine, bits of bacon, Monterrey jack cheese (subbed for blue cheese), tomatoes, avocado and tasty grilled chicken. The salad was tossed with their house Dijon vinaigrette which was really, really amazing. I could probably drink that salad dressing. Well, not really, but it was great. My salad ran me $9 and it definitely filled me up and had some leftover. I'm really excited to go back and try a few other items at Crisp! *They also have wine available!
4	I've been to my fair share of build-your-own-salad joints and this one is top notch. With salads, the little things can make or break them and, between the super-fresh ingredients and grilled-to-order toppings, Crisp really delivers. My favorite salads are the F.N.C. (fruit, nut, cheese) and steakhouse salads, but the specials are always good, as are the infinite combinations you can think of.And not feeling so green? The sandwiches are pretty darn good, too. And they come with a side salad or a delicious pasta salad.
3	I love coming to crisp. Salads are awesome but they have to do something about their chicken. I have been here consistently for a year and every time the chicken is incredibly dry. Do yourself a favor, go to crisp and get the salmon or tofu. Well worth it.
4	I stopped into Crisp for a quick bite before going to a show at Ovens auditorium with friends. With a convenient location and quick food delivery, it was the perfect choice.The interior decoration is cute and the service was amazing. You order your food at the salad bar where an employee with customize your salad with any of the ridiculously large number of options available. They will then grill up your protein to order and bring the salad out to you while you wait (takes approximately 5-7 minutes). I had the tuna nicoise salad and it was one of the best I've ever tried. All the ingredients were very fresh and the dressing was fabulous; probably the best homemade dressing I've ever had. Salads run anywhere from around $7 to $10 and are so large that you could easily make two meals out of them.I've only been once and tried the salad, so can't vouch for the other food, but if it's as good as the salad, you won't be disappointed. The restuarant offers sandwich and pizza options, and a very large patio for sitting outside (with a glass of wine or a beer, which are both offered) when the weather allows. Bathrooms were clean and the parking was sufficient. I highly recommend Crisp for a healthy and quick meal.
4	Oh me oh my this was SO what I needed on a sunny Thursday.A plethora of vegetables and toppings to choose for a salad, innovative sandwiches and scrumptious sounding soups. I had the hardest time choosing and so I asked the guy at the counter what he would recommend for a veggie loving vegan. Being vegan himself, he whipped up a southwestern salad with bbq tofu. It was amazing (but a little steeply priced).The interior decor is relaxing and very open. The staff were all friendly (that I spoke to at least). I was very, very happy with my food. I'll definitely be back.
3	Delicious options - I had the roasted cauliflower soup and a BBQ Chicken salad on my last trip, and I've been tasting that soup ever since! (Um, in a good way, not in a "oh great googly moogly, make it stop" kinda way. In the "I want to make that be in my mouth more" way.)I would really love to see more comprehensive options for vegans beyond tofu - tabbouleh, quinoa, hummus, seiten, and so on would really just make this POP.
5	Love this place. The food is always consistently fresh and great tasting. My favorite lunch place in Charlotte!
4	Great 'healthier' choice... character of a local place without the 'franchise' feel. Have been a couple of times and always get the salad with flank. Good stuff. The patio is perfect for a nice day. It's not cheap.
4	just delicious, but holy portion size!my sister and I made our own salads, and I think we only got to see parts of the bottom of our bowl because we sat forever talking and continuing to nibble on it. super fresh ingredients, speedy service, and the dressings do not disappoint.  parking can be a little annoying during peak lunch hours, and it can get a little crowded - especially if you come right in the middle of an odd rush and they only have one person making salads, but once you get into your seat it's all good. daily soups and specials, just a nice place (with a patio!) to enjoy lunch.
4	I'm not a fan of salads but I love crisp!  I tried the steak salad soo good!!  I've also tried their chicken bbq salad also very good.  I don't recommend their tomato basil soup..not very good.
1	The salad was average but the salmon was awful! It was over priced for what you get and how you get it (cafeteria style)
4	Wow, Crisp rocks the salad house! My sister, another friend and I went to Crisp during lunch peak hour and it was packed. It was my first time but was happily surprised by how easy the menu was to read and navigate. Sometimes I go into some of these create your own kind of places and get lost in the options and confused as to what to order. Have to say that Crisp large menu signs and really nice people behind the counter made it easy and hassle-free. I ordered the FCN (Fruits, Cheese and Nuts) salad but grilled tofu and the salad was am-a-zing. It was the perfect blend of delicious apples, tart cranberries, bleu cheese, walnuts and a simple vinaigrette. The only negative comment was the tofu was not that good. It was too char-grilled tasting and needed some additional flavor to it. Next time, I go back I'll order the same salad minus the tofu.
4	When you see the owner on the front lines, it's usually a good sign. And that's what I saw here a few nights ago. I like how the primary focus is not only salads, but the actual making of salads. And they do it right at Crisp: a firm toss and gentle use of tongs so as not to debilitate any of the fresh greenery placed in a silver mixing bowl. My pork tenderloin salad combined with the half-price bottle of wine Monday night on the patio was one of the best casual dining experiences I've had in Charlotte.
3	I went with the special which was seared ahi tuna, kalamata olives, feta, roasted red peppers, artichokes and avocado (added), tossed with mixed greens and a shallot vinaigrette ...sounds all sorts of fantastic right? Well it was just ok, unfortunately. I think I picked the wrong salad for my taste because it was way too acidic - and I should have known this based on the ingredients.The shallot vinaigrette needed some evoo badly, which didn't help things..as I poured before tasting-bad move.  I also had to ask the lady to check and be sure that they included avocado which I paid extra for, and lo and behold it wasn't included. They ended up giving me such a little portion of the avocado that I would skip it next time. I don't mind paying $11 for a salad if it is awesome, this was fresh but not as tasty as I'd hoped it would be. On a positive note- the salad was huge so you can probably get two meals out of it . The service was very quick-making it an ideal place for a take-out lunch. I also really enjoyed have a slew healthy lunch options.I will be back to try something else and hopefully tack on another star or two...
4	I think Lauren P. just about summarized it to the T. Crisp is a great place for fresh salads and sandwiches. This is how I broke down my rating: Quality of food - 4 stars - the food is well seasoned and very fresh. I had the grilled veggie sandwich and loved the basil and portobello combination. The pasta salad I got on the side was tasty too, it wasn't too heavy like the way some places make it, and it tasted as if they made it specifically for my order, not grabbed it out of a pre-made container. Or atleast that's the impression I got. Service - 5 stars - Not only was the staff very attractive, they were all incredibly friendly and professional. If I owned Crisp, I would be very happy with the people that were representing my business. Their communication skills and knowledge of the menu were terrific.Atmosphere - 5 stars - Crisp has a simple clean sleek look with not a whole lot of busyness. The decor is modern and bare. It gets a ton of sunlight and has a relaxed vibe to it. If you have to dine inside, it's nice. However the outdoor seating is what really did it for me. The neighborhood is super quaint and charming, so getting a table outside in Charlotte's gorgeous spring weather is just perfect. You'll get to enjoy your food in a charming environment.Side Notes - 1) Crisp is vegan/vegetarian friendly. In our group of three, one was a vegetarian (me) and one was a vegan. We didn't have any problem with ordering food. 2) If the adjacent parking lot is full, there is a parking lot right across the street that has plenty of spaces. 3) After 6:30 on a Friday night it gets busy. We luckily got there right at 6:00 so we had our pick of the best table and didn't have to stand in line to place our orders. In my opinion, this is one of Charlotte's better places to eat. I will be glad to go back!
5	Crisp is my go-to place for a clean, healthy meal. Their salads are huge, the sandwiches are fresh, and everything is made to order. I recommend taking your food out to the patio, which sits at the intersection of Pecan Avenue and 7th Street - great for people watching. Add a glass of wine (on Mondays wine is 1/2 off) and you'll be set. Enjoy!
3	Look, there's nothing wrong with a 3 star review- I just see potential here that needs a little more development.  I live in the neighborhood and we can walk to this restaurant.  But yet I find myself first looking to go elsewhere before strolling just in for a meal.Certainly there's lots to love here in the atmosphere set:  very modern interior with bright green splashes of color on the walls and a semi-open kitchen where the salads are crafted.  During warmer times, the patio, with its bright green umbrellas, is also a big draw even if busy 7th Street is just a few steps away.  Certainly the salads and sandwiches are all looking and sounding full of freshness and there's lots to love with the customization options for dressing or veggie substitutions.  Love the fact there's usually a (bottled) beer special and a small selection of wine available.  Me, I'm partial to the fresh brewed iced tea and lemonade.  Even better: mix the two for an Arnold Palmer that screams summertime thirst quencher.  But perhaps it's the fast food concept with sit-down restaurant prices that puts me off.  With an average price of $8.50 for a salad or sandwich (that's a singular "a" there folks), I just don't think I should have to stand in line and then watch most of my meal made before me in less than a minute.  I could do that at Subway, Jersey Mike's, or Substation for about $5.00.  Now, yes, there are some ingredients here you won't find at the chains, but if I'm dropping a 10-spot on lunch, I don't want to watch you swirl it all together in a stainless steel bowl with a pair of tongs in 60 seconds or less.  For that kind of informality, I feel like the prices should be equally relaxed.  Sigh... That said, it is an occasional stop for the wife and I when we want a light lunch close to home.  It is tasty and it always feels exceptionally clean, but those items come at an obvious premium since you still order at a counter and drink refills are on you.
3	I live three blocks from here, and just finally got Crisped a couple of weeks back. Something weird was keeping me away, like I needed to get highlights first, or was it a fear that mediocrity from the next door Crapbucks was going to creep in and make my salad meh? Who knows. /end snarkSo yes, you can eat here, well, my vegan loves. Duh, I know, salad place, but ya - the tofu is a little freaky, fried then grilled, char lines so black you'd swear they were Sharpie, but at least its here. Super fresh greens and sharply flavored dressings, of which there are several cheese-free options. Staff is on top of table clearing and salad tossing (heh) so the pace here is less comfy, more salad factory. Gets crowded. 9 dolla salad. Kinda pricey, but I left full and satisfied.I think I even saw a vegan soup on ze blackboard - wootwoot.
2	I came with high expectations to this place of of a recommendation and was really not impressed. I came in after the dinner rush to place a take out order. The staff was pretty friendly but they didn't seem all that excited to be at their job. As for the location, there is both indoor and outdoor  seating which is nice. I got two veggie sandwiches to go for my vegan sister and I. As a vegan in-training, I made sure to ask for dressing on the side and no cheese and came home to find both on the side salads. I also found a hair in my salad which was a bit unappetizing. The sandwich itself was alright... a little soggy but pretty tasty. I think I will come back and give it another try if I am in the area.
2	So I was craving a salad today for lunch and bypassed my usual Jason's Deli salad bar and went out of my way to try out Crisp instead. I typically get the BBQ Chicken Salad and have always loved it! Today I got a build your own....was not very impressed.While some of the ingredients were great, and the dressing had a nice punch to it....some were lacking. I think I can basically sum it up by saying that I would have preferred my apples be crispier than my chicken.....that was not the case.
5	Crisp: I love you! I normally have these Crisp cravings once a month, or more.The concept is fantastic, in & of itself. The staff is friendly, but they want you to be quick with your selections, because you can count on there being plenty of people waiting in line behind you.Consistency is key here, which is good. I generally see the same staff, same amount of patrons & am guaranteed the selection in the case is in perfect shape. I love that they're constantly keeping an eye on that case, shifting out the ingredients. They have pre-determined salads & then of course, make your own. I go with the spinach, grilled shrimp, chopped hard boiled eggs, Asian noodles, fresh mozzarella cheese, bacon & the ginger soy dressing.  The portions are generous & they give you a piece of bread, too.I need to try their pizzas & sandwiches soon.They allow well behaved dogs on the patio, which I love. They keep a fresh water bowl out there, too.
5	After a weekend of eating at at an Indian buffet, a sushi buffet, grilling out with friends and eating 2 Dairy Queen Blizzards, it was time to detox the bod with something fresh and yummy.  Crisp it is!  The salads come in ginormous bowls-- and are more than enough, even for the hon-griest eaters. Love that you can mix and match your lettuce leaves.  (Love me some spring mix and spinach.)My current fave, the make-your-own with grilled shrimp (nice smoky grilled flava) feta, chickpeas, mandarin oranges, honey walnuts, apple-cider vinaigrette.  Two parmesan crisps please! Everything is super fresh and there's never that disgusting lettuce-leaf-slime. The service is fast and friendly too-- even when things get really packed for lunch or dinner.  My friend got a sandwich with beef, and he thought the beef was a bit chewy.  TIP: 1/2 priced wine on Mondays! Overall, great value for the money-- fresh and yummy. Sure beats the Dean and Deluca salad bar (which is extensive and good, yes, but doesn't feature freshly grilled proteins) any day!
5	This place is a win-win.  Great food, good service, amazing prices.  The music could use a little help but who cares!I love this place.  The food is fresh and they give you generous portions.  One of the few healthy, cheap places to grab a quick bite.  They also have tofu options which is nice to see!Very clean & the staff is always super helpful.  Next time you're in ask them their opinion, they have never steered me wrong.  Super nice folks.
5	Crisp is a lovely unique little sandwich and salad shop. One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. I go here when I'm in the mood for a fresh tasty salad. They make your salad the way you want it right in front of you! Crisp is perfect if you want a healthy and fast alternative to a drive through. The food is always wonderful and the staff is friendly and helpful. Try it!
5	So good! Had the salmon with my salad. Quick and friendly service. Big selection. Will be back.
4	Crisp doesn't stand out from the street since it's in a mini shopping center next to a shopping center.  However, I decided to stop in on a beautiful day since they have a cute patio.  I really enjoyed their menu.  I'm a huge salad and wrap kinda girl and they had plenty to choose from.  I decided to go with a steak cobb salad.  You can pick how you would like to have your steak cooked (always a plus).  The chef (?) made the salad in front of me and listened to my personal requests (little of this, some extra of that).  After I paid for my lunch, the cashier said she would bring my food out to me since the steak was still being cooked.  She was so friendly and asked if I needed anything else when she delivered my food.  On top of that, she came out about 20 minutes later and took my bowl inside for me.  Overall, it was a very pleasant experience.  The salad was great.  Next time I'll try a sandwich.  A customer also eating outside told me you can't go wrong with anything at Crisp.  My total bill with a drink was $10.  I'll be returning!PS - The location is fantastic for "people watching" at P-stones patio.
5	Love this salad place! This is a small place on the corner of 7th and Pecan, right next to Starbucks. Small place but great outdoor sitting, so perfect on a nice day.Their salads are fresh and their servings are a nice size, you can have leftover if you ask for dressing on the side. They make them right in front of you so you can pick and choose what you want on them. I've had their salmon salad, salmon is always perfectly cooked. They also do sandwiches and soups which are fresh and tasty as well. Ohh and the serve wine!Perfect for grabbing a quick lunch or sit outside and enjoy the day.
4	This is my go-to place when I want a quick, fresh, customizable salad.  My favorite salad is all of the makings of the 'crisp pork tenderloin' but with grilled tofu instead of pork (though it is also delicious with the pork).  It is awesome to see all of the fresh, high quality ingredients right before your very eyes and be able to select exactly what you want in your salad. The price for what you get is also fair.  The staff is always exceptionally nice and pleasant.Perhaps my one disappointment with Crisp was once when my grilled tofu was more along the lines of burned than grilled.  My salad was to go so I didn't have the opportunity to notify the staff.  Aside from this one burned-tofu incident, the food is very consistent.Added bonus, free Wi-Fi in the restaurant.
4	This is not your average make your own salad place - Crisp is one of my favorite go-to spots for a quick, delicious and healthy lunch. They have a great variety of salad toppings and different types of protein. I interchange between the salmon, grilled tofu, or tilapia (when they have it - YUMMY). I usually make my own salad and try different veggies all the time. They have a great array of dressings too - I like the light balsamic and the sherry shallot vinaigrette. I have been meaning to come for dinner because I know they sell beer and wine too which is definitely a plus. They also sell soup and sandwiches and I think even maybe flat breads? Not sure since I don't really eat bread. But I do really love this place and come here at least once per week!
2	Crisp is out to get me. I'm going to be voted off Yelp for this one. I don't understand- everyone loves Crisp, including hubby, yet maybe the staff at Crisp has my picture in the back and when I come in they purposely screw up my order.  I love the concept as well- we need more of these. I like their salad menu (in theory) and the fact you can make your own with some good ingredients. My comment about that is that they should do seasonal ingredients and take it off the menu if it sucks  (e.g. tasteless hard pears). The sandwiches are much better in print than in the mouth, unfortunately.What's my main complaint? To me, everything tastes the same: char. charred Tuna, charred chicken, charred steak, charred salmon. Blech. I'll have my salad sans carcinogens, s'il vous plait. As a result I think they compensate by over dressing the salads. So if I'm meeting someone there, I guess I could get salad without and charred protein. The new one in Dilworth is unfortunately the same, even though hubby had told me that he went and surprisingly the chicken was cooked perfectly (hence my conspiracy theory). I give up.
3	It's a salad joint on a corner. I'd recommend a brighter green, you're a tiny place on a tiny corner next to a bigger corner. The inside is clean and bright and the employees are friendly though!This place may have the most gigantic salad entree I have ever witnessed. I mean I finished it because I knew I'd need the calories to run errands later, but this may be the first time I have ever felt bloated after finishing a salad. I had a very interesting take on a nicoise salad here. Some of the usual accompaniments of a nicoise it was drenched in what was called a dijon mustard vinaigrette. I think it tasted more like a honey mustard vinaigrette. Interesting. I wouldn't call it a nicoise salad definitely but the price was low enough and the ingredients fresh enough for me to enjoy it. I also liked the cheesy croutons served with the salad.So if you like dinosaur sized portions, and fresh ingredients come on down to Crisp. Tell them to leave the dressing on the side though.
3	This is my go-to for a quick guilt-free meal. Or a monstrous chicken and bacon sandwich. Depends on my mood. Oh and they have decent wine and beer as well.I've been here about 7 times now and have tried everything from the make your own salad to the sandwiches.Salads:I have a kind of love/hate relationships with these salads. I love that you can choose from an array of toppings (from veggies, nuts, eggs, and bacon) and that everything always looks fresh. It allows you to mix things up from day to day as opposed to the habit of 'Santa Fe Tuesdays' and 'Caesar Sundays'. Variety is indeed a spice that can be served up at Crisp. Plus yes, these salads are ginormous. Ok, on to the kinda hate side. The protein is very often (but not always) over-grilled. Meaning burnt. There, I said it. I am all about adding some intriguing texture to tofu or having some black grill lines on my chicken. However, I noticed that no matter what protein I get, be it tofu or chicken, it often tastes the same--burnt. Possible carcinogens aside, burnt is a flavor that tends to dominate the palette. My solution is becoming to just avoid getting protein all together.Sandwiches:Ok, sandwich. I've only had the Monterrey twice now. It is pretty much cheese, chicken bacon, lettuce, and some sauce. It is actually pretty darn good AND comes with a side (soup, salad, or some other thing). This makes for a pretty complete and filling meal. And when they say bacon, they don't mean no two strips of bacon. No, they are talking every square inch and bread and chicken is covered with crumbled bacon. Like equal parts chicken with equal parts bacon. Bacon bacon bacon. This is of course the less healthy way to eat at crisp, but hey it comes with a salad so you can feel that you've done some good.My grip about the sandwich is two-fold. First, it can suffer from the same aforementioned burnt issue (however, this is somewhat mitigated through the prolific use of bacon. Seriously, next time I get a sunburn I am gonna rub bacon all over my skin).  Second, inconsistency. The first time I had the sandwich, it literally blew my mind. It was freakin HUGE. Equal parts bacon, chicken, and lettuce. The chicken was sliced somewhat thinly and easy to eat. Likewise, the lettuce was thick and crispy, succeeding well as a placebo to counteract the bacon-induced guilt.However, the second time, I literally had an uncut chicken breast on my bread, still generously covered with bacon, but with only one leaf of lettuce that I only discovered by poking around in my sandwich. Without this placebo lettuce, I was left feeling more guilty than I knew I could. A little lackluster.Oh well. Until next time Crisp!
4	I was visiting town and looking for a healthy alternative for lunch and I found CRISP.  It's a cute smal cafe that I absolutely love.  Decor is minimalist but my cup of tea!They have tons of different salads, wraps and pizzas.  You can also build your own salad and the portion is on the big side.  I opted for the FCN (fruit cheese and nut) salad and added grilled salmon! The grilled salmon was fresh compared to alot of places I have tried.  I couldn't even finish my whole salad and was more than enough for a 2nd serving!Stop by for a quick bite!! I wouldn't steer you wrong :)
4	I love this place.  It's a quick and healthy alternative to your typical fast food.  I love the cobb salad or any salad you can add avocado and chicken too.I had the black bean soup and it was very, very, very bland.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  I just wish there was a Crisp north of Charlotte.
1	This is the last time I'll ever go to Crisp. Every time I've been to Crisp, the meat on my salads are too "crisp", in the form of BURNT. Those black grill marks are carcinogenic. For a place that appears to be healthy, they need to be more concious of burnt meat, which has been known to cause Cancer. This last Steak salad I ordered was charred to the point of me having to throw it all away. A $10 salad in the garbage. Never again, will i eat your burnt meat Crisp!!!
4	I wish there were more healthy places like this near me in Uptown. I am a huge fan of awesome salads and Crisp is definitely that. I tend to lean towards their daily specials or stick with one of my favorites: blue cheese, nuts, fruit and vinaigrette salad. Yummo. Crisp offers many different salads and sandwiches on the menu OR you can customize your own with their buffet style of options that will be made right in front of you. The options can be as healthy as you would like and the price point isn't terrible. I imagine the typical meal would be about $10. It's a great place to grab an easy meal after a workout or on a super hot day when you just can't eat the fatty stuff. There is not waiter service here.. you order from the salad crafter and pay a cashier. There are quite a few tables inside as well as nice patio seating outside on nicer days. You could probably eat here everyday and never eat the same thing twice!
3	It's been up and down here! Some days the soup is perfect some days not so much...the salads are average and were walking distance from our house as well so it's convenient.
5	Yum!
4	Not much of a salad guy, but this place is a salad lover's Mecca. Anything you want. Huge bowl. Lots of stuff. They do an amazing job with their grilled tofu and shrimp, too. Love the flavor. Not too keen on their beverages or their bread/side options. The tomato basil soup is a little on the bland side.Make sure you're there when the cook who owns the salt shaker shows up. Love sitting outside though. Great place to eat at sunset. If you're the evening workout type, this is a an awesome place to grab something light before you head back home. I recommend the Chinese Shrimp Salad. Great combo of smokey, grilled shrimp and mandarin oranges.Overall and Elizabeth staple for a quick and healthy lunch.
3	I'm always on a quest for a great salad, and this place has a great selection of them.  However, like other reviewers said, you do need to watch for overcooked, charred meat.I really like that they have some wonderful salad selections.  I ordered the Grilled Salmon Salad, and the veggie selection was great.  I enjoyed that it was spring mix instead of just plain old iceberg.  It was served with a lemon vinaigrette, which added a great complement to the salad.  The salad was quite big as well.  However, my salmon was quite overcooked, and part of it tasted burnt.  It was definitely charred, which is a huge turn-off with fish and some meat.I also like that you can build your own salad as well.  My friend did that and really enjoyed her salad.  You can also have a glass of wine or a bottle of beer, which is quite refreshing.While they don't have waiter service, people do come around and check on you.  One worker came to collect our wine glasses and then did bring us more wine.  He also came and settled that bill for us.  The staff was all super nice and helpful.  The decor is very spring-like, with warm greens and spring colors.  It was cute.Next time I come back, I think I'll build my own salad and skip the meat.
4	They know me by name and order. This is sad and simultaneously awesome. When i worked in New York, I loved being able to go to a corner deli and get a healthy salad, fast. When I discovered Crisp, I was stoked to find a similar concept. They have signature salads and a good variety of things to build your own salad with. Their margherita pizza is great and I have enjoyed some of their soups as well. My only suggestion would be that they try to add some seasonal vegetables to add to salads and pizzas throughout the year.
5	Crisp is pretty awesome! Their portions are enormous, veggies are fresh, and the asian dressing is to die for!!!I typically get a make your own salad and occasionally venture out for a sandwich. Once a co-worker got a sandwich which looked delicious and apparently I didn't remember the name right so when I went to get the same sandwich I didn't see it on the menu. I told the guy what it had on it and he whipped it right up. Obviously, it was pretty amazing.They are friendly, service is quick and the food is awesome!
2	As a self-declared salad aficionado, I was pretty excited when we decided to go Crisp for lunch.  However the experience and salads were slightly underwhelming.  The menu options were good and the restaurant very clean (which is a plus since they make the salads right on the spot in front of you).  The ingredients looked fresh and the portions huge.  Yet anything else worth mentioning stops there.  I picked the create your own salad, which allows you to pick the norm: green type, protein type, and then a variety of different ingredients and dressing.  The particular guy making mine didn't exactly look thrilled to be there.  While I'm not expecting a song, dance, and 1000 watt smile...pleasantries are always nice in terms of food preparation and service.  I asked for a recommendation on one of the vinaigrettes (they have a ton...which is a plus) and he very apathetically remarked he did not know which one he liked the best because there were like 12.  A huge deal breaker? No. Something a new patron wants to hear from a place specializing in salads? Not really.  They also provided lemonade, unsweetened tea, and sweet tea in self-service containers.  It looked really pretty but tasted pretty generic. We sat outside on the patio because of how nice it was outside and the set-up really is lovely.  Great seating options and good for people watching.  While I would not make a concerted effort to avoid Crisp, there's nothing remarkable that stood out to separate it from some of the other great spots in Charlotte.
4	I LOVE CRISP!!!! From the menu, to the staff, great/fast customer service!  Everything about this place is wonderful.  It's healthy fast food when you need a quick bite.  I eat there everyday and can never get enough!  Great job Crisp!  Keep it up!!!!
5	This place is so cool! I love the vibe of the staff, the decor of the restaurant and all of their delicious salads! Everyone in Charlotte should be a fan of this restaurant!
4	I was in the neighborhood today and in search of a quick bite to eat when I checked out Yelp and saw Crisp pop up. Bingo - just what I was in the mood for - a nice big salad.  After reading a couple of reviews, I decided to try the chicken bbq salad.  It came with grilled bbq chicken, roasted corn, tomatos, a little cheese and I asked them to hold the onions.  It was served with a side of ranch and a little crunchy bread. I was not disappointed.  The overall salad was tasty and the lettuce was nice & fresh.  The folks working there today were very friendly and helpful.  I was so glad I decided to give them a try! I'll definitely stop in again whenever I am in the neighborhood and looking for a nice big salad, sandwich, or wrap.
2	Let me start by saying that the food is good. They are a little liberal with the dressings, but then again who wants a 2-gallon salad.?My last visit was this past Saturday just after lunch. I watched the gentleman mixing the salads and he looked really miserable to be there. When I finally got to order my salad the guy asked my wife what her name was, she didn't hear him, so he barked out the question once more. There were no pleasantries and he smacked every item into our FCN salad like it owed him money. I will not be going back to Crisp. Showmars across the street makes great salads and appreciate every customers patronage.The next level of dissatisfaction came when we paid. We got one salad between the two of us along with two drinks. The girl at the counter looked frazzled and charged us twice the actual total.  I don't think she was purposely trying to cheat us, but she was just careless, a symptom of a lot of the restaurants in the area. She made it right, so no worries.I am rare to judge a small business harshly because I am also in business for myself. But if the owner is reading this, please teach your employees to care about how they treat customers. That is not too much to ask.
3	Was in Charlotte on a business trip and were were in this side of town around lunch time. We were looking for something that looked quick and easy, and Crisp seemed like a good bet.I got the Monterey sandwich, which was good. I opted to have a cup of soup with it instead of a side salad. And oh my goodness... way more soup than I was expecting. Definitely a bowl. The sandwich was a good size too, so I will definitely not complain about small portions at this place. For soup I got the carrot soup. Which was... not so great. It was, however, my first time having carrot soup, so perhaps it's just not my thing. I do like carrots tho, so was hoping to like it.Anyhoo. It was quick and easy, which is what we needed. And seemed good overall.
3	Decent salads and sandwiches, but not the sort of place that makes me go, "Oh, I crave that food!"
5	I ordered the Crisp Cobb Salad.  I like that they make the salad in front of you and toss the dressing.  My boyfriend got the Chicken Caesar Salad, both salads were equally amazing!  I'm sure Crisp will become one of my regular stops during the week.  I want to try their wraps, sandwiches, and pizza's as well.
4	We tried this for the first time today for lunch & we were thoroughly pleased!!  I built my own salad that had a great variety of toppings and very fresh ingredients.  Crisp, if you will:)  They had soups on special that were unique- including cauliflower parm & carrot.  The portions are HUGE.  The guy who took our food order was full of suggestions and knowledge while the girl who rang us up was super friendly and delivered our food to us.  They clean the dishes from the table.  Great spot & will be back!!
4	First visit!  Comes highly recommended!  The flavors, service and other amenities will guide the review!  Could hardly wait to try Crisp!!!  OK....first visit was very good.  So good that I went back the next day for second visit.  Greens were very fresh!  Presentation of all the veggie toppings was awesome!  My salmon on my grilled salmon salad was much smaller and thinner than expected.  it was kinda difficult to taste.  second visit had a salad without protein.  Had the chicken pesto pizza!  very good....and the "beverage" was nice and cold. The house red wine was great!   Looking forward to regular visits! Also...service and parking was good!
4	Very impressed.I enjoyed lunch at Crisp in the Elizabeth area last week,I had the make your own salad and I added steak to it.Food was excellent,portions were very big and the staff here are efficient and friendly.The prices here are good and I will be back again for sure in the future,I also recommend for other people to try.
5	Salad lovers unite! And head to Crisp! This eatery is absolutely amazing is you're looking for a leafy lunch. You really can't go wrong with a place that lets you choose your own ingredients and have the chefs build the salad in front of you - this is typically the way I go, adding nuts, blue cheese crumbles, avocados and lots more. You top it with your choice of protein, which I usually just go chicken or salmon. Extra tip, have them do the protein with pesto - brings the flavor to another level! And your salad comes with a cheesy crostana... mmmmm.... If you are feeling lazy, they have a pre-fix menu as well - just decide which of the salads they have listed and they will whip it up for you. The beverage and side choices are minimal but the salads are entree sized so I typically just go when I am looking for a healthy, tasty salad. The Caesar dressing is top notch, smooth and creamy, and the lemon vinaigrette is also a delicious choice if you are looking for something lighter but still with a zest of flavor.
3	This place was pretty good. I mean, it is a salad place ... can't go extremely wrong there. The salad was fresh and crisp...;)Good dark green what i like to see,  the atmosphere was somewhat inviting and the guys and gals whipping the meals up were friendly. I ordered a steak/ blue cheese salad. (Can't remember if there was a special name) but for what it cost - wasn't tasty enough. I mean i can make it tastier at home for less. Just the impression that was left on me, but don't get me wrong i would definitely go back to try another crisp salad!
5	The pizza is made to order and is quite tasty and filling.  My fav is the chicken pesto that always hits the spot.  The salads, well, when you pick your own ingredients, there is nothing to complain about!  My daughter said the BLT was the best she ever had and she eats a lot of them.  Crisp service is fast and the staff members are always attentive.  If it is an evening meal, you can add wine or beer.  Weekends offers white or red Sangria, which we enjoyed tremendously.  Crisp is a great spot for a quick bite to eat and there's usually minimal wait time.  I say, when  you're hungry, go eat!
5	AMAZING. Huge and delicious FRESH salad and a peach mimosa? best day ever. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. If I lived in Charlotte I would be at this place everyday. Large selection of salads, the sandwiches and soups looked delicious too. Add sangria or a mimosa - you won't regret it.
5	Don't serve pizzas until af 5:00 pm
4	We went with a party of 10 at a good time - 2:30pm - on a Saturday and it was nice and roomy for our group. None of us had ever been there before but we left all quite satisfied. The prices are excellent for a nice, healthy, salad. Almost everyone ordered a different dish and most left either with leftovers to take home, or filled from the generous portions. I had the Asian salad and was happy with the tender chicken and how it was seasoned. The only downside is all the extra ingredients (Chinese noodles, mandarin oranges, etc.) ended up on the bottom of the bowl and were hard to get to in the bites. We were not big fans of the cheddar soup, though, as we found it a bit too thick. Loved the tasty, crispy, cheese toast. I would definitely go back.
4	We got take-out sandwiches there early this evening; I got the grilled veggie and my husband got the turkey gobbler ($8.75/each), and they came with a bag of chips (there were many choices and we chose the sweet potato chips).  Truthfully, the sandwiches were disappointing; they tasted bland and they weren't very filling.  However, the chips were delicious and there were a generous amount in each bag.  The main reason why I'm giving four stars (instead of three) - other than the delicious chips - is because all of the people working there were *very* friendly.
4	The way I feel about salads is the same way I feel about sandwiches: they just taste so much better when someone else makes them. Am I right?!Salad lovers, this is your mecca. Fresh ingredients. Long list of salads. Don't see one you like? No worries. You can build your own. And if you don't like that... well, there's really no one you can blame but yourself then. I usually go with salmon as my protein. I have to echo fellow Nikki W's comment... get it with pesto. (And yes, there are two Nikki W's. Watch out Charlotte)Salads come with a crostini. I usually get a cup of soup with my salad so I can dunk this toasted crouton into it. My orders are usually enough to make two meals. Leftovers rule!I go to yoga. For any of you that know me, you know I go a lot. After evening classes, I'm usually wiped out and a hot, sweaty mess. This place is so convenient to pop in and grab a salad or sandwich to go.This location also has some pizzas on the menu. I haven't tried those yet. I can't bring myself to order a pizza at a salad place.Only small problem is the parking situation in this area. Make sure you pay attention to where you are parking and obey all the signs. They do boot cars if you park in the wrong spot. You have been warned.
5	The food is so fresh and tasty! I built my own salad with salmon (no pesto, delicious!) and they were generous with portions and toppings. Very friendly staff and environment. Highly recommend.
2	Has potential to be great. Need consistency in quality. The home made dressings are oily and have little flavor.  The meats are rarely seasoned well and can be on the well-done side.  The crustini is pretty unusual (not in a good way) and could double as a giant crouton  If you're afraid of flavors and juicy chicken, this is your place.
4	It's a walk-in, order and sit done until they bring you your food sort of place. Very pretty though. The parking in that area can be a bit of a headache though. I like that they have sodas and a few good beers to choose from. Great sandwich and large portion sizes when I went there. I think it seems like a nice place to relax and read or get work done in my Mac whilst having lunch.
4	My boyfriend and I visited Crisp after a weekend away of lots of eating out. We were looking for an easy and healthy option for dinner on our way home. I had the Asian salad and it was very fresh and delicious. The crostini included with the salads was good as well. Drink choices were limited to canned sodas and San Pellegrino. Overall it was a great experience and we plan on going back sometime soon!
4	Wonderful salads that are enough for two people.  Haven't tried their pizza but they look great. As Borat says "Very Niiice."
2	We went before their full menu was available, but it was an okay experience. I had the roasted veggie sandwich; itwas what you would expect it to be. They do make everything to order and if you're a salad person, they'll build it right in front of you.I'd likely go back if I were on that side of town.
5	Love! Super awesome place to grab a quick meal and it's not super heavy or unhealthy like other places. Got the salmon salad and it was great for the price! Usually salmon dishes are at least $12+. All salads also come with a crostini and lots of different options for everyone. I will definitely be back.
4	I always build my own salad. Everything is usually fresh but the last time I went there was some brown lettuce. I always order the salmon with pesto on my salad and their lemonade/tea mix is solo good.  I just wish the parking situation was better.
5	Crisp is one of my favorite restaurants in the area!! The very friendly staff makes me feel welcome every time I pop in for a quick bite to eat. They have even made me an off day special on request. I recommend Crisp for anyone looking for a great place for lunch or to go order. The line can get quite long during the lunch hours but it's so worth it!! Enjoy!
5	I love Crisp! Always friendly + welcoming staff to fresh tasty food! I have custom made a salad, had the BBQ salad to getting a panini last time. Their sides are delicious and my kids meal was healthy and delicious as well. Always large portions so I take the rest home. Their salmon and pasta salad are amazing but really this is a restaurant where you can't go wrong with anything you order.
4	Crisp is pretty solid when you're craving a salad. They have tons of variety to choose from and ingredients to appeal to anyone. I enjoy adding crumbled blue cheese and their roasted red peppers along with steak and spinach to my salad. It is made to order so the steak takes time to cook. It's not sitting there in a container. If you go for lunch be prepared for a huge line and difficulty finding seating. The prices are a little up there, but it's appetizing nonetheless.
4	This is a great place for lunch.  I had maybe the best salad I've ever had in my life (BBQ Chicken) here.  The prices, from what I could tell, were all under $15.00, it's in a nice, hip location of town and, as a bonus, it has the nicest hostess I've ever been associated with.  I'm definitely a fan.
5	Crisp is pretty awesome. If you are confused as to what they do- it's like panera but not shitty. Customer service was awesome and the atmosphere is pretty cool. I think my meal was like 9 bucks and by far the best wrap I've ever had. I got a side salad as well and it was amazing. I am used to paying 12 or so bucks for the same meal and service and getting half the quality. So needless to say I am pretty impressed. Impressed enough to yelp about it which is rare..
