4	I know.  I KNOW.  I'm not 21.  I'm not really that close to even being 21 anymore.  I'm a lot closer to that whole 31 thing.  But, whatever, OK.  I'm still going to shop here and I'm going to shop here a lot and I'm going to tell you why:Cute little shirts for $10 - $15.  That's it.  That's all.  I don't care about anything else that they sell, but they have cute little shirts for cheap.  They have cute little prints, come in all kings of different cute little cuts, and after a few washings they're super soft.  Sure, they get thin and faded sooner than other things but 1) thin and faded is OK, that's what layers are for and 2) did I mention $10 - $15?  I get about a year's wear out of their shirts so I figure the return on investment is pretty awesome.Oh, for a perpetual kid like myself, they also have an awesome plastic jewelry selection.The people who work there are usually far closer to 21 than I am and therefore, in my old age, I find them young and snooty.  Whatever.  I'm not there for an experience.  CUTE LITTLE SHIRTS!
4	Wow this place is a far cry from the literal fuckshow that is Forever 21 at the Fashion Show Mall. This store is newly expanded next to Hot Topic and Vans and is LOVELY. Not too busy, the store was very clean, and the layout is superb. They have these gorgeous oval mirrors around the store and it is easy to find what you need. I was just browsing at the time for a specific pair of espadrilles I have my eye on, but I am completely impressed at just how awesome it is. Unlike the Fashion Show or even Galleria Forever 21's, you can actually SHOP here without mass hysteria buzzing around the messy racks. No, this place is organized, clean and I cannot wait to come back to actually purchase something when my budget permits it. The fact there is actually a Forever 21 in Vegas that is decently sized but not busy as hell is a refreshing concept.
3	Disclaimer: I'm not a regular shopper of this store brand. Last night, I saw two racks that had bright yellow signs with "$5.99", but when I got closer, it also had "& up" in tiny font lettering. These are the attention-getting tactics to get people in the door. And yes, it worked, because I actually walked in (yeah, I admit to it). My husband noted that this is a smaller store compared to the mammoth one at the Fashion Show Mall and the Meadows Mall, but when you go into the store, it's rather deep/long. I noticed there were two people working here. Both were putting more clothes on the racks, which I thought were pretty full. It's pretty organized and clean.In the back were crazy, colorful printed frocks- dresses mostly (think ethnic, guatemala or even world). This is also where one of the girls was restocking more clothing. In the middle was costume jewelry. There were some cute, but heavy, chunky, metal pieces (statement necklaces). There were feather necklaces (but they seem to be everywhere). There was a good assortment- something for everybody. I'm having a jewelry phase currently (but I wear it all, silver, gold, gemstone, pearls, costume jewelry). I found a three strand milky green acrylic beaded goldtone necklace with chain extender for $6.80. It's in one of my favorite colors (green and blue), so I bought it. A few years ago, on the Tyra Banks show, she spoke about the "High-Low" technique of mixing pricey pieces with inexpensive pieces. This store seems to fit the "Low" in terms of affordability. I can see why many women are fans of this brand- one can stock up on trendy basics here. My niece loves this store BTW.Checkout was easy- the girl was nice too. There were a few other people at checkout as well. Towards the front of the store, there were separates, lightweight sweaters, skirts, and tops.
5	I'm Forever shopping here!! .... well OK...maybe not forever but atleast untill my kids tell me "Mom! You dress too young"...Anywho this roks, I love the $1.50 jewelry they have and the awesome rack sales...I once got the cutest Dark Blue Skirt w/Belt for 5 bucks!
2	I am rarely near the Boulevard Mall, so I rarely go to this Forever 21. The last time I went to that mall was specifically to shop at this Forever 21. I was looking for a couple items I had seen on the Forever 21 website. Customer service was nonexistent. It's not that there wasn't employees working, I saw 3 doing busy work. But I was never greated, nor asked if I needed help, even though I circled the store three times looking for things. I say that the employees were doing busy work because the store was a mess. The lack of assistance would be somewhat understandable if the ladies were working hard to keep the store clean and organized, but jewlery was all over the place (including the floor), clothes were unorganized.I won't make a special trip to Boulevard Mall to shop at this store again. I'd rather order online or deal with the chaos at Fashion Show Mall.
1	This is not a review of a particular outlet, nor of the sub-quality merchandise they peddle. We all know their clothing is constructed of fabric which is one step up (or down) from a Bounty paper towel, and no doubt crafted by children with bloated bellies chained to rusty sewing machines in a rat-infested, third world sweatshop (ok I'm just guessing on that last part. But a lot of the seams aren't that straight.). The point is, most of the crap they sell falls apart after a few washings, but that's fine for their demographic, which is younger women and girls on a budget who want cute clothes that they will tire of after a few wearings anyway, so no harm, no foul.This review is of the company and their business practices. I purchased a gift card for Forever 21 from the rack at a Lowe's, and one for Sephora. I put them away, and when I went to wrap them for my daughter, they were gone. I have a creepy feeling I might have accidentally thrown away the bag. Yikes!So, I returned to Lowe's, where they scanned my receipt, found the serial numbers for the cards, and gave me the 800 numbers to call the companies. (5 stars, Lowe's)!Then, I called Sephora, who checked and found that the card had not been used, cancelled it, and sent me a new one (5 stars, Sephora).Then, I called Forever 21, who checked, found the card had not been used, cancelled it. assured me no one could use it, but COULD NOT ISSUE A REPLACEMENT! WTF??!!  They KNOW the card was paid for, they KNOW they got my money, the KNOW no one can use the card, but I'm supposed to be satisfied with giving them money for nothing? I was outraged. Their website had no address to write to (guess they must be tired of hate mail), but had a "customer service " (HA!) contact e-mail address, which apparently is even easier to ignore... No one ever replied. Avoid this company like the plague that they are.
