3	When I first moved to here, Edinburgh Bargain Stores was one of those places I was told to visit to get all of my stuff . and when you read that, emphisis the word 'AAALL', and you get how people recommended the Bargain Stores.This place has a mind boggling amount of stuff hidden in it, like some sort of Alladins cave of useful bits and bobs. Theres stationary, cushions, bed linen, glasses, toys, DIY stuff, tools, toiletries, stuff for cleaning your house and an unlimited list of other things that will include other things that you wont have even thought of.However, this place isnt really a bargain - in fact, I think its rather expensive, and truthfully, while there is admittedly a large amount of useful stuff, there is also a lot of junk and it is always a bit poor quality.Great for what you want, but always a bit expensive and there is a lot of crap to go through before you find what you need.
2	The name, layout and contents of this store makes one think of a low priced store with everything you can imagine right?Well sadly this place is not really a bargain in any way or form. And the quality of a lot of the stuff is bad. Granted you can get your notebooks and stationary, but almost every time I have come here out of need (and can't be bothered to look elsewhere cause this place literally stocks everything) I find the same thing cheaper elsewhere. However, the ladies who work here are really nice and helpful when you can't find what you are looking for in the chaos of the store.
3	Edinburgh Bargain Stores is in an area of Edinburgh that swerves wildly from being a bit downtrodden to having stores like Peckhams and Armstrongs waiting for you when you make it to the other side.You cannot comprehend how big this place is until you've been. Some isles stretch out for what looks like miles, to the point where I almost believe this place is a shortcut to America. If Edinburgh Council find they can't fund the Moonwalk one year, ladies could easily lap this store five times and they would fulfill their quota of 26 miles. You get the idea, it's massive.You can find everything in here, from dog chews to lamps and hoovers. I've got to agree with everyone else though and say a lot of the stock isn't that much of a bargain! Of course, the Highland cow fridge magnets and cheap crockery is, but some things are veering towards expensive! Although, and I don't know if it's the surroundings or the manufacturer, but they don't look like they'd last long.If you're caught short this is the grandaddy of bargain stores, and you'll be sure to find a hammer and lightbulb in here. But it's more costly than you are led to believe, and quite simply, there is just too much stock to compute!
4	One aspect of buildings, landmarks etc that never fails to impress me is sheer size and scale. Edinburgh is quite a good city for this in many respects, with The Balmoral, Arthur's Seat, the castle, and North Bridge all falling firmly into the "holy shit that's f**king big and smart as f**kl" category. I've just found another to add to the list.Firstly, I love shops like this, which I can best describe as "shithole" stores. They're found in every city, and sell everything that can be described as household goods or novelty tat, almost always of low quality. The sheer size of this one though, is unreal. It's not far off a supermarket, and decked from wall to wall in goods. Some are useful, most are useless, almost all are of horrendous quality.Marj was exactly right by saying there's too much stock too compute, as a visit in here only gives you a headache. You have to pop in at least once though, if only to revel in it's enormity.
3	Oh my goodness me, this store is absolutely huge and I'm not joking when I say that you could get lost here. They have a whole mish mash of pretty much everything and anything and looking for nothing in particular, I went in for a browse and came out about an hour later.The majority of the stuff here is tat including a large ornamental Nessie, or just items that you wouldn't ever need. I spent quite a while looking in the stationary section at the Puka note pads but to be honest with you there aren't many bargains to be had at this section as the same stationary is much cheaper in ASDA.Good for a confidence boost though as I weighed myself on a set of scales and they told me I was two stone lighter than I actually am. Sold!
5	THIS IS MY FAVOURITE PLACE IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLDI can't put it into words how much I absolutely love the Bargain Store. It does exactly what it says on the tin - gives a great bargain. If I ever need anything, anything at all I come straight here because chances are they'll have it.Doormats, crystal ornaments, hoovers, lightbulbs, fancy-dress outfits, stationary, chocolates, towels, pet-things - EVERYTHING!When I was in first here I practically lived here. If I had a fancy-dress event coming here I would get everything I needed in one swift stop.It is directly opposite Edinburgh University too so I got all my stationary, folders and textbooks from here.Please, please, please go to the bargain store. It's amazing!
3	This place is in a really handy location for a lot of students as it's right opposite the Uni campus and is nestled between a whole lot of other busy shops like Tesco on Nicholson Street.  It's also massive and cheap (sort of).  In my flat if we ever need new light bulbs, glasses, crockery or even just a notepad, Bargain Stores is where we head to.  The stationary is cheap enough and there's plenty of it, and they also have just about any household item you could think of.  This is great when you need a new bin or you need a plunger to unblock the sink.  The problem with Bargain Stores, however, is that there's a lot of unneccesary stuff which just takes up space.  For example, it sells ornaments.  When people want to buy ornamnets they don't rush to Bargain Stores to furnish their mantelpieces with tat, they go to an antique shop or the like.  Yet, the fact that they always have this stuff stocked must mean that someone's buying it, which is worrying in itself.Nevertheless, Bargain Stores is handy and moderately priced for the everyday things which we can't be without.
3	For the first few weeks of my life as an Edinburgh student, this store's sign was a sort of landmark; in huge letters spelt across a bright red background it's extremely difficult to miss walking down Clerk Street. The store turned out to have even more significance as new incomers started stocking up their dorms and apartments for the year to come. It's extremely large, and offers an equally expansive, and rather dusty, range of items. From cutlery to bedding, stationery to toiletries, electronics to house hold decor, it's very unusual to leave without something you just realized you've always needed! Being a prime example myself, I've bought some spoons, deodorant and bed sheets all in one trip! The downside to this store is that it's not particularly glamorous, and due to it's size I don't grudge the owners for failing to keep it spick and span. However, and BIG a however, it's extremely cheap, so don't expect ALL items to be of the best quality. It's also intelligently situated, with a bus stop right outside of it and at least ten University Accomodation buildings within a two mile radius of the store.
4	This is one of my favourite, and most useful, shops in the whole of Edinburgh.  Do you want a shop that sells everything you'll need and many things you don't?  Look no further than Edinburgh Bargain Stores.I have lost count of the number of times I've been in here.  Whether it's been for a birthday card, light bulb, tin of paint, clothes line or pad of paper, EBS has always come up trumps (and yes, I have bought all of those things from here).  As Gibson says, it's in an ideal location to attract all the students looking for essential items.  As the name suggests, prices are also very reasonable.In the past couple of years, they have opened up a small annexe next door that sells a large array of fancy dress equipment.  Again, very useful if you're a student that has an endless number of parties to attend.You can think of this as a cheap Argos, and I would highly recommend them for both day-to-day essentials and occasional oddities!
4	It's not the cheapest place to buy things, but for its range of domestic items it's unbeatable.  If you need something for your flat or house you are likely to find it here so if you're after a wide range of items and aren't up for visiting hundreds of shops this place will save you a lot of time and effort.At the start of each new lease I've found myself in here buying a few items and although you can just about beat the prices by traipsing all over town to every specialist spot it is great value for money.  In the end you'll learn to come here every time you need something simply because it will save you a lot of time.
4	Not really that many 'bargains' as such here but it most definitely is pretty damn convenient to have this place around town. He has lots of bits and pieces that you would find in BHS or Debenham's home section, but is is a lot more of a convenient area for students.Whenever we need more cups, plates or dishes in our flat, it is always Edinburgh Bargain Stores that first comes to mind. The store has made itself popular with students by tailoring much of them items they sell to them. For example, they sell a large stationary range and lots of bundles of paper. They even have a small range of printers. Edinburgh Bargain Store is the type of place that you go to as a first port of call, if there is something that you need, and can't think where else you will get it, this is always a good place to start.
3	Edinburgh 'Pretty Expensive Actually But Useful If You're Too Lazy To Go To The Supermarket' Stores hasn't really got the same ring to it, but replace bargain with this and you've got a shop that does exactly what it says on the tin. The Bargain (hmmm) stores has everything you could need, from pens and paper to clothes horses, to pots and pans, to candles, to extension cables...you get the point. Also they sell fancy dress costumes for some reason. I can't lie, if you're in a hurry, it is one of the best places to pick up something, because they have absolutely everything. The only thing is that they've used Bargain in the loosest possible (and wrong) definition of the word. The store is actually pretty expensive, but if you're prepared to pay a bit extra for less hassle then it's not a bad place to go.
4	Few people in Edinburgh haven't suffered from mice, I've been lucky not to find a mouse in my house until a few weeks ago. The poison that came with the flat failed dismally, they ate it all with relish and they're still scurrying around quite happily.I need to kill them fast before they breed, so no use ordering online, there could have bred two litters or more before the traps come in the post. B&Q was useless on the rodent extermination front, so thank heaven for Edinburgh Bargain Store who are not so soft on the furry front.EBS has a whole artillery of mouse and rat killing (and humanely capturing) traps. This is a large reasonably priced store that tends to have a whole selection of products for whatever area of your home or office that you could think of.
1	very irresponsible,money loving,greedy shop.they display all sick things on window and dont care about our children morality,safety or innosance.i had asked them to remove 2 disgusting things from their window but they refused to do it.their profit is more important than our children.they think they are above public.they love our money but dont give a damn about our children.dont do shopping from there please
