2	I was not impressed with their service. The desiger or representative who provided the estimate was late, condescending and dare I say lazy. He wanted to do the least possible with regard to his design yet provided a very expensive estimate. Based on that experience, we chose not to go with them and went with another firm and they provided much better service and professionalism.
5	I could not disagree less with the previous reviewer. I have used 7 subs in the last 4 months and Classy Closets are the only ones that I would recommend to anybody. Carrie, the designer, could not have been more professional, courteous and customer service oriented. The installation staff worked extremely cleanly and left my home immaculate. I had one dealing with the office on some accessories and found the same level of superlative service. Coupled to all the above is the fact that they delivered exactly on the date promised and finished earlier than promised. Highest recommendation.
5	Thanks to Jamie and the team at Classy Closets, my boyfriend and I have a beautiful, clutter-free closet. And, no drama in our house about clothes laying around where they shouldn't be! :) Everything from getting a quote, the actual install, and the customer service follow-up to a minor issue I had was splendid. A bar / shelf was installed over the cover of our network center / home server. Thankfully, Classy Closets promptly sent Jamie back out BEFORE we moved into our new home to remove it.
3	We have a very small closet with a single bar and shelf. When I saw a Groupon for a basic closet system, I jumped on it. The designer came out to make measurements and draw out the plan. He was professional and friendly and didn't attempt to upsell (something that I really appreciated). The installer came out a few days later to tear down our existing bar and shelf and patched up the wall with some spackle. He then put in the new system which looks great and has maximized our storage.MY COMPLAINT: I wish someone would have recommended that we tear everything out and spackle and paint before the installation. I hadn't thought of this and it was never mentioned. Now we are left with nice new shelves that are surrounded by very obvious large patches of spackle. I feel that this is a detail that deserved some attention.
2	I contacted Classy Closets to redo my master bedroom walk-in closet.  They had come highly recommended by several people that I know.  When the sales rep arrived, he really was uninterested in hearing what I wanted in the closet.  Instead, he said he already had a design in mind.  He took measurements and was gone within 15 minutes.  I received a proposal the next day and it was a little bit higher than I expected.  I figured the sales rep would give me a follow-up call to discuss the proposal, but it's two weeks later and I haven't heard from him.  I guess he's not interested in getting my business.  Now, I'm taking bids from their competitors.
4	I'm writing a follow-up to my original review as I ended up purchasing a closet system from Classy Closets.  I wanted to give them a second chance since they had come highly recommended from several people I know.  I did speak with several other companies and they were hundreds of dollars more for a similar closet design.  The good thing about getting the other quotes was finding some design features that I wanted incorporated with the Classy Closet design.  I contacted my sales rep and asked for the changes in the design.  He complied and gave me a new proposal.  As I negotiated with each of the companies, I found Classy Closets to be the most flexible in their pricing.  After agreeing to their final proposal, Classy Closets was out within 2 weeks and had my closet completed in a day.  The results were great and my wife and I love the new closet!
5	I had Pete the representative from Classy Closets come out to my house and do a drawing and give me a quote. He was very professional and gave us a couple of new ideas that we didn't even think of. We had new garage cabinets, office closet and office cabinets installed. The installers were very professional and did the job RIGHT. I was impressed with Classy Closets and will always recommend them. The only thing was that there was a 4 week waiting list to have all my projects done which only took them 2 days. Either way I would wait again because of the experience I had with them. Great Job Classy Closets!Thanks again Pete and the installers.
5	We have seen the Classy Closets products in other homes and called for an estimate. Kerri met us at the showroom and was very informative. Like another reviewer's experience, she was thoughtful of price and gave us several options that put us in control of the price. When she came to our house to measure, she had professional plans of our kitchen drawn based on the photos we provided. She made some excellent suggestions, gave us detailed information about the process of building and installing, and the expected timeline.  We look forward to working with her more in the future.
1	These folks are worthless.  We stopped by their design office and got the promise that Jeff Gaylord will call to look at our bath room.  After a week he did not call.  I called him and he promised to show up.  He never called or showed up. I called again today and got the same runaround.  I will never recommend them to any one.
5	Wow! This place is not only the best eye candy for anyone addicted to organizing their stuff in a fashionable and individual way, but he people that work there were friendly, and knew their stuff. I have an odd shaped closet and they had not hesitations of how and what we could do to make it work for me.  I would totally go back there when I buy my next home. Worth every penny.
5	We had an extensive remodeling job carried out on our new home and needed to have the master closet redesigned to maximize storage space. Additionally, we also needed a custom desk for our home office and finally, a large, wall to wall, floor to ceiling bookshelf as well.Pete, our salesman/designer came out and listened carefully to our needs and took extensive measurements of the areas where the custom items were to be built.  He then submitted to us a detailed bid which included drawings and specs for each of the items we wanted.  After carefully comparing Classy Closets bids with their 3 other competitors (also we carefully read online customer reviews from various sites), we chose Classy Closets.  Well done Pete!Kenna, the Ring Master/Scheduler pulled it all together for us and scheduled (unfortunately, due to a delay with our contractor, had to reschedule the bookshelf twice. Kenna, thanks so much for being so fluid and getting Collin scheduled to come back out for my bookshelf!) the install. There were two teams of installers, one for our Master Closet and bookcase and one for our custom office desk/wall unit and they were all extremely professional and friendly which was much appreciated.I especially want to thank our installer Collin for coming out to our place three times.  He is a true professional (takes great pride in his work and has a fantastic work ethic) and all around great guy and is one of the reasons why Classy Closets will always have our business.  Thanks Collin buddy!
