3	Great authentic Uzbekistan food!  We will be back  again for sure!
5	This is a really good and authentic place. A lovely restaurant on Mt. Washington. Authentic Uzbek and Russian food, very reasonable prices, and excellent service. Also there is a dedicated parking lot down Southern Ave. They have a lunch special at $9 that is a nice 2-course meal + tea.
4	My friends and I visited this place recently and I loved it! We started with the eggplant rolls and the stuffed eggs. I hate all eggplant dishes, or so I thought, and then I ate the eggplant roll. It is a dish served chilled and I loved it. The stuffed eggs have fish in them and were also good.  The bread was amazing. I tried the Chuchvara and my friends had the Lagman and Kavsar. Of course, we all tried each dish and we all really liked the food. The service was good but she had to lug everything up and down stairs, I think. She earned her tip! The only negative I will add is the decor. Banquet-type chairs covered in white cloth with a black band were odd. Also, I hate pink and there are pink walls. Can't make everyone happy all the time. The videos on the television, presumably Uzbek music videos, were entertaining to watch.
5	First time since I came to US I felt home. Taste of the food I had remind my moms cook. Organized and elegant. On the TV our traditional music. Waiter used tablet for orders so it defiantly reduced waiting time.
4	I stopped by here last night with my fiance and 2 other dining companions for a late dinner.   My fiance and I arrived right around 8:30 PM to a completely empty restaurant.  The downstairs of the restaurant is a bar area with a couple of tables that can only seat three people.  As I looked around a little worried about the seating situation, our server came out and asked how many?  Whenever we replied with 4 she pointed to some stairs and said that we could sit upstairs.  Since she didn't come with us we were free to seat ourselves wherever we wanted.  The upstairs of this place is actually quite nice and reminded me of a room used to host nice parties.  There were white table clothes on all of the tables along with white chair covers and black bows.  The only oddity was the flat screen TV on one of the walls which had on a foreign station (Uzbecki perhaps?) playing music videos.  While it seemed a bit odd at first, everyone eventually ended up enjoying the music.Since none of us had ever had Uzbek halal before the table decided to split a couple of appetizers to start off with.  We went with the eggplant roll, julien in pancake bags and finally a double order of the homemade bread.  Both the eggplant roll and julien in pancake bags come out together before our meals.  We were actually debating about whether we should order the pancake bags or something else whenever we had placed our order but after it arrived we were more than happy to have to stuck with our decision since it was delicious.  It did indeed look like a pancake bag whenever it arrived at our table and seemed to have the consistency of Injera.  The inside of the bag was filled with mushroom, beef and a creamy sauce all of which was delicious.  Meanwhile the eggplant roll consisted of some eggplant rolled up around tomato and garlic with dill on it.  It was decent but paled in comparison to the bags.  For my entree I went with the Kavsar (You can't go wrong ordering a restaurants namesake, right?) while my fiance went with the Gampam and our dining companions went with Chuchvara and Lagman with each couple also ordering a lamb kabob.  It was nice to see all of the different dishes whenever they arrived at the table with the double order of homemade bread.  The kavsar is roasted meat sausage rolled with whipped eggs and cheese steamed with some bell peppers and I choose mashed potatoes as my side.  It ended up having a pretty good flavor and it reminded me quite a bit of stuffed cabbage with the cheese and egg taking the place of the cabbage.  I was also able to taste both my fiances Gampam(rice topped with rich and delicious broth with vegetables, asian spices and beef tender loin) and our friends Chuchvara (handmade small boiled dumplings filled with ground beef and chopped onions) with the spices in the Gampam making it my favorite of the three entrees I tried.  The kabob was also excellent and sort of reminded me of peppered beef jerky.  That's not a bad thing in my book though as I do love that flavor.  The homemade bread was also really good with a unique shape and a good thick crust around it and a soft inner filling.  Finally for dessert my fiance and I ended up splitting the dessert of the day which was a honey cake.  The server was unable to describe it to us but being adventuous, we ordered it anyways.  I would describe it as a multi layered sponge cake with a strong taste of honey in the frosting and both my fiance and I thought that it tasted pretty good.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  The restaurant itself ended up looking pretty good inside, our server was nice and all of the food was had was both different and good.
4	A friend and myself stopped at Kavsar on Saturday night around 8:30 PM. We were the only people dining during our entire stay.When you walk in there is a small bar (not sure if they serve alcohol) and a few tables.  The actual dining area is upstairs.  It's not the nicest restaurant I've ever been to but some of the best places I've at weren't the prettiest.  They had live music which consisted of someone playing soothing guitar music.  The performer was really good!The service was prompt and knowledgable. The server answered our questions and gave us her favorites.  For dinner, I opted to try the Uzbek Palov and green tea with lemon.The Palov consists of tender beef served with rice, tender carrots and scallions/onions.   Overall it was a very good dish, but I would have liked more meat in particular.  There were only a few pieces on top of the rice.  One option may be for $2-3 more adding more meat to the dish.  The tea was also very good.For desert I opted for the honey cake based on the recommendation of our server.  It was good, but not really something I would normally try but I like trying different things.Overall, I'd recommend this restaurant, especially since its not too busy.
4	Really good tasty homemade food. Some items you have to wait about 25 min. Any way I'll go back....
5	It's amazing place to have lunch and dinner in. My wife and I ordered brizol, samsa, eggplants rolls and beef sroganoff. The brizol is worh to give it a try. This place care about the product quality. I love it and i will visit it again and again. I think the next visit I will try the kebab.
4	I recently went to Kavsar for lunch with a colleague.  Was intrigued and wanted to try Uzbekistani/Russian cuisine.  We were there for a little over an hour and were literally the only customers in the restaurant the entire time.  That aside, our waitress was very sweet and helpful and the food was very good.  I had carrot salad, pumpkin dumplings and a side of bread.  The carrot salad was the best part of the meal.  It's a must-try, very garlicky (which is not a problem for me).  The dumplings were terrific; although, we had to wait 25 minutes (which was fine for me).  The bread was delicious and very bagel-like.  My colleague had the carrot salad (and agreed that it was the best part of the meal), as well as kebabs.  We were also seated in front of a mounted flat screen TV that played Uzbek music videos, which was entertaining and gave a glimpse into a different culture.  As for a return trip, I am sure I'll be back.
5	Some of the most delicious vegetables ever! The carrot salad is incredibly good. The cold soup was fantastic. And the pickled mushrooms - yum! I also loved the chipped beef & mushrooms in a delicious crepe. We sampled so many delicious appetizers that we didn't even have room to try the kebobs. There were so many more dishes I wanted to try that if I get back to Pittsburgh I will go here immediately! The waitresses were sweet and attentive and the music was lovely.
4	Great food, friendly service.The layout of the resturant feels dated, a bit like a suburban mom decorating a sitting room in the late 90's, but the staff was super helpful and the decor sorted of added to the charm.A man played music in the corner, most of which was covers with some Uzbek songs as well, as a TV played Uzbek and Russian MTV.I had the egg plant rolls and Kavsar, both of which I would recommend. I have nothing else to really compare the dishes to directly since this was my first encounter with Uzbek food, but the food was fresh and tasty.I am excited to try more off the menu.Oh, and the for the vegetarians, there was a decent vegetarian section.
5	Food is amazing. Had some sort of sausage, eggplant roll and soup dumplings.The environment is nice Has free parking at the corner
5	Girls night sis and two nieces . We all tried something different and liked everything ,sorry all the names escape me . Please go and try it!  Very Inexpensive for the meal, we had two appetizers , 4,meals and Baklava split, enough for the four of us , total $63!
4	Good food at a good price. the Kavsar was really tasty, a bit like meat loaf.
4	A nice place to try something different. Have eaten here twice. Second time was quite busy compared to first and service was slow but understandably so. Found out it was waitresses first night and was the only waitress. Main dining area in upstairs and everything needs to be brought up a long flight of steep steps. There is a few tables on the ground floor if stairs are a problem. All in all worth a try though. Favorite dish was also named Kavsar.
5	Very cute small charming place. Food is amazing.
4	Came here for lunch with a group of 6.  Our lunch lasted over 1.5 hrs, and the place was not busy.  So it is not a quick in and out place, but the food was worth it, if you are not in a rush.   We had the eggplant roll, julien in pancake bags, and manti as appetizers.  All were delicious.  I had the lagman as an entree and it was perfect home style cooking, warming me up on a cold December day.  Equally happy were the others, with the Uzbec palov and various kebabs.  The service was very friendly, definitely will come back here in the future.
4	My wife and I just love the food and atmosphere of this quaint restaurant. The service is outstanding and the live entertainment is great. It reminds us of the food we have eaten during our vacations to Uzbekistan and Russia. I would definitely recommend Kavsar to anyone.
4	Pancake bags are everything. I get them every time I go. And the dumplings are fresh and delicious!
