5	While my mate was backing the golf cart out of the garage he did not notice the door had not fully opened. Hit bumped the door and dislodged two of the rollers. So I called Avondale Garage Doors. They asked if tomorrow will work for us. They then asked where we lived, after telling them he said our community gets priority service. They will do it now. Why we get such service I have no idea, but who am I to argue. They were here with in twenty three minutes and just left and the door is as it should be. Cool huh.
5	Fast, friendly, professional, efficient, and reasonably priced. Love this company.
5	Called to have him come out and he helped me fix the problem over the phone without charging me anything. Good People.
5	Fast and great service, came out early and replaced both counter weight  springs for $145 Michael did a fine job.
5	Excellent experience with Avondale garage door. Gary replaced the main spring on my door fast, very professional and $60.00 cheaper than the other guy's! Give them a call you won't be disappointed!
1	Quite frankly, I am surprised there are so many five star ratings espousing such excellent service, and friendly staff members. Unfortunately, this was NOT my experience. I received a referral from a friend who has dealt with company numerous times, and stated they are fair, and do good work, so naturally, I felt hopeful, and looked forward in dealing with this company. I called, and spoke to 'Matt', who seemed pleasant enough, and explained what was going on with my garage door. I further reiterated I was on a serious time crunch, and if he could have someone come out, assess the problem, and to have the work completed within a day, or so. He told me 'yes' within a small window frame, and I thought it was all good, how lucky for me, and told him how appreciative I was. The BOTTOM LINE: I called back  numerous times to confirm the appt. time, payment arrangements, other salient questions, ( one of the questions he stated he would ask his manager/owner, and he would call me back), BUT he NEVER called me back. On my last attempt, Matt answered, and said he was driving, and will be getting off the freeway, and will call me back in 5 minutes. That never happened. No more  actual contact. The tech NEVER even bothered to show up. The next morning as I was awaiting my flight out of Sky Harbor, I called one more time, and the answering MSG came back on, and I left a scathing MSG about how inappropriate he/the company was in NOT following through with prospective client's (my) requests and phone calls, AND to not bother calling, or coming out to the house if they are going to do business in this manner.I was able to get another company to fix my problems with my garage door.
5	I have had these folks out at two different houses, once for a repair and once to replace. They were prompt, friendly, did good work, and charged a reasonable price. I wish all my service was so easy.
5	Amazing customer service and promptness! Not to mention their prices! Outstanding company will definitely recommend them.Thanks guys!
5	Surprising! I called on new years eve around noon. They answered and surprised me when they said they could have a tech out same day with no charge.  I was told it would be about an hour but Charles called within 15 minutes and was at my door shortly after.  In less than an hour he changed my busted spring lubed all the contact points and adjusted my garage door opener.  Charles even fixed my opener arm which was putting too much stress on the spring and door. Great fast and professional service.
5	Charles was a great technician, very friendly and courteous.  He fixed the garage door, replaced both of our torsion springs and greased the rails as well for a very reasonable cost.  We were very impressed with their prompt and professional service.  The springs even have a 15 year warranty! Since the last ones only lasted 13 years that is a great deal. Highly recommend using these guys for any garage door repair needs!
5	Charles did a great job installing the new door - and fast!  Avondale's prices were reasonable too. Thanks.
5	I called in a panic (@9:17am) as my garage would not open and I saw a broken spring and snapped cables and was worried the door was going to fall on my brand new car! I was told a tech could be out between 12-2. He showed up at 11:15 and had the repair completed within 40 minutes! Charles you were my hero today! Great job, professional and very affordable! Would totally recommend them!
5	My garage door spring snapped in half about 20 minutes after Mike from Cooler Tymes fixed my A/C. I called and they had a tech out in 1.5 hours to replace the spring and adjust the door. Yea.. The price was very reasonable and friendly tech. These guys rock I would start with them if you need door service.
5	Awesome service and awesome prices, Work was done in quick and professional matter.....will defiantly use them again.
