4	Food is really good; I especially like their egg foo yung dish.  Decor is nice once you look past the gawdy neon light in the front window.
5	REALLY enjoyed this place. My parents found it in the newspaper a few months back, and have been raving about it. I was in town over Turkey Day, and they brought me. PHENOMENAL food. The Kung Pao beef was unbelievable. I won't even waste my time trying to tell you why, because there are just no words--go order it! The Sun Devil chicken was equally amazing, my mouth is watering as I type. Great / fast service and very modern spin (decor-wise) on a Chinese restaurant. Shanghai Grill only affirms my believe that the BEST of the best restaurants are found in strip malls.I HIGHLY recommend this place!
5	Great Food.  General Tso's and Egg Foo Yong is the best.  I have not had anything I didn't like yet.  We go to this restaurant at least once a month and are never disappointed.  If you like good Asian food try this place.
1	BEWARE!I went here for lunch a few days ago.  Here is what happened.  The service was slow, the waiter was pretty bad.  The food was cold, little flavor, not good. We wanted to leave, I asked for the bill, it was wrong in two sections, I mentioned that to the waiter, he went back and corrected one part.  Still overcharging. But I just wanted to leave.  He took over 10 minutes to just correct the one part.  We wanted a quick lunch, it took over an hour and a half.  When the check finally came, I signed and left.  When I went to my next stop I noticed my credit card was gone.  I immediately knew that the waiter did not return it.  I called the restaurant, they acted innocent and dumb about the whole thing, so I drove over there, over an additional hour round trip.  Although, tony, the manager seemed really helpful and was looking for the card, the waiter looked very guilty.  I told them that if the card did not show up, I was going to call the police.  Sure enough I got a call that night that the card miraculously and mysteriously showed up.  Of course I had already canceled the card and had to call all the companies that direct bill.  Don't go here, you will regret it, and you might just have your credit card stolen as well.
5	The food here is quite impressive.  They serve a variety of Asian style dishes, not just Chinese (given the name).  The atmosphere is nice on the inside and the prices are very reasonable.  I had the Sun Devil Chicken, which was a Vietnamese inspired spicy dish and it was quite tasty.  I can't wait to go back and try out a few more items from the menu.  Give it a shot!
4	Pleasantly surprised with the quality of food here.  I decided to try out this place because it was really close to my new apartment and I had a BOGO coupon.It seems as if the restaurant was recently remodeled inside.  The decor was new and up to date with style, unlike some Chinese restaurants I have been to.  There was a mixed blend of cultures present, also including the staff.  We got there in time for happy hour, so we ended up getting our beers for fairly cheap!We started with the Sizzling Rice soup, which was delicious.  The waiter seemed to be a novice when it came to putting the rice in, because he spilled some of it on our table.  Immediately after the management saw, they rushed over to make sure that everything was okay.  Great flavor.  You can easily split this between two people and still have some to take home.I believe that I tried some sort of spicy chicken dish, and my fiance had the House Special Chicken.  The food came relatively quickly.  It was hot, flavorful, and gave us enough for plenty to take home.  The restaurant was fairly dead when we were in there.  I do not remember what day of the week it was.  Perhaps the majority of customers utilize their take-out option.  I would definitely recommend this place to someone if they are interested in trying a new Chinese restaurant.  I know it can be iffy at times, but this was well worth the risk.ALSO, be sure to ask for the hot tea.  They will NOT give it to you unless you ask.  It is free of charge.
3	Friendly staff and good lunch specials, but the silence in the place was deafening! Please turn on some music!!  Also, it was not clear what items were fried or not in the descriptions of the dishes so make sure to ask.
5	I had honey garlic chicken. Good flavor and inexpensive.
2	Our first time here, after driving half an hour to try the place out. A mish mash of Asian dishes, some of which are hit and miss. We had the lettuce wraps appetizer, teriyaki chicken and Korean sizzling short ribs. The taste and sauces on all three were pretty good. The chicken was tender. But there was too little meat in the filling for the wraps - it was mostly just water chestnut. The ribs were not sizzling but lukewarm and were also the toughest I've ever had. Could not even eat half of the dish. The Chef or manager (he didn't introduce himself) made a lot of excuses when he came over to address the problem, like 'people' around here want their meat well done. Well done and overcooked are two different things. Service was below par, with only one waiter trying to keep up with dine in and take out customers. Won't be coming back here again.
4	I've only ordered take out, so vie never experienced a sit down meal in this place. So just reviewing off purly food. I really really like this place. And I'm born in new york, so ive tasted really good Chinese food before. This place is decently priced and overall great tasting food. Plus is literally down the street from my apt. Always a plus.
3	You must understand I'm comparing this restaurant to Good China - just a half block away.  So....Atmosphere...very niceWait Staff...excellentluncheon special...great choiceegg rolls....ahhhh, not as good by farchicken chow mein and kung pau chicken...good, but not as flavorfulfried rice...not nearly as flavorfulSo........back to Good China for sure
5	I love this place. The staff is always friendly and the food is excellent! The ambiance is warm and inviting and I love the piano music.
4	This is resturant was such a great find when I was living near Arrowhead.  My children love their food.  The service is fast and the servers are always friendly.  They have amazing crab puffs and my faving is Sun Devil Chicken.  Yummy!  You won't go home hungry.  I have always eat my left overs for lunch the next day!!
4	I've been here several times since I think this is one of the better Chinese restaurants in the valley.  From their egg rolls to their main courses the food is always very tasty and service is always pretty good.  I always order the shrimp fried rice, egg role and the mangolian beef.  The restaurant is very nice and the decor is friendly, inviting and can be a great intimate setting.
3	Food: Very good chinese-american cuisine, plus a couple Vietnamese and thai dishes. The sauces tasted "made from scratch", not from a can. The vegetables were plentiful and fresh.  The prices amazing for the quality.Service mediocre: There were more wait-staff strutting around then customers but they still took forever to take our order.
5	I was quite surprised!  Excellent service, excellent food.  I will be back.
4	My Husband and I went on a food hunt, We usually do the "what are you in the mood for, I don't know what are you in the mood for" dance, Well tonight we both wanted Chinese but wanted to try some where new. We have passed this place several times and decided to give them a try.They were extremely polite, they were tastefully decorated, not like your usual out of style, hole in the wall, things tucked in corners under age kids camped in the corner while their mother worked Chinese place.Prices were reasonable and the portions were plentiful.I had the Cantonese style chow mein, it was very goodSpring rolls were cooked perfectly!My husband had the Pad Thai, He prefers his on the spicier side, theirs was more on the sweet side, not bad but not really what he was looking for.We have both decided that they are definitely a new favorite and with in walking distance from our house, we will probably become regulars.
4	The food is really tasty and you get a lot for the money.  The only downside is that the waitstaff gets extremely overwhelmed when busy ( and it is not that busy) I would come back though..
1	Ordered their house lo mein, the noodle was very soggy. Flavor was so-so, nothing special about it. Also ordered an order of the potstickers, it was very doughy. The soy sauce for dipping was good though. Overall not impressed.
5	I ordered take out, but was instantly impressed with the decor of this place. No 1970's warehouse here! The manager was very nice, explaining why my food was taking a little longer than anticipated. I noticed a bar off to one side where a few people were eating and drinking. Mostly booths, but a handful of tables in the middle. The wait staff didn't seem overworked or especially busy. But let's move on to the food. Now I have had one meal from the china palace and found it disappointing because the food was so tasteless, under seasoned. But shanghai grill is a different story. Mongolian beef, beef chop suey, and chicken fried rice, all wonderful. The egg rolls were not greasy, and they must use a peanut or sesame oil to fry them in, because they were delicious. Definitely a great carry out, and probably dine in too!! Can't wait to try some of their other dishes.
5	Best orange chicken I've ever had, and the pork lo mein was fantastic! I ordered for take-out, but the staff was friendly and prompt. I'll be back for sure.
1	I have been here several times. Unfortunately due to the owner I will NEVER go back.  I am speaking of the lady, not Tony.  The food is good and that is why I had returned several times.  The problem is the way the lady owner treats her staff.  Every time I have been here while she is present, she is yelling and bossing her staff around in a very demeaning way.  I have seen her do this and have spoke to her staff and they have a hard time with it as do I.  The final straw was when I was waiting at the bar for my food within ear shot of the kitchen, i heard her yelling at on of her waitresses and she actually brought her to tears.  As a customer, I should not have to have my lunch ruined by such nonsense.  I had my food delivered but was so frustrated that I asked for a box and my bill.  When my server brought them to me the lady owner came up and stood beside her wanting to know what was going on.  I told her I could not stand the way you treat your staff and let her know that is the case every time she is there.  She tried to tell me what the girl did, and I said I do not care what she did and I do not make excuses for the rudeness.  Tony, take some advice and get her out of there before she ruins your business.  I have enjoyed the restaurant when you are present and do like the food very much.
1	I've been going to this place since it opened but today when we took our friend for lunch we had an experience that was not to be believed.  We ordered soda, club soda and cola.  All three drinks were flat.  We called the waitress over and told her and asked for new drinks, she obliged and brought then a second drink which was also flat.  She got the manager/owner, he came over and said there was nothing wrong with the carbonation machine, the glasses were too clean to hold the carbonation.  I asked if everyone else in the country was serving club soda in dirty glasses and he said no, not dirty, moderately dirty and he would do a demonstration and show us we didn't know what we were talking about.  I have ordered club soda in restaurants for 40 years and have yet to be served a flat one.  Except here.  There food is hit and miss most of the time but it's close to home.We got up and left and went to a restaurant with "moderately dirty" glasses.They have lost my business as well as my family and friends.
1	The management is a bunch of douche bags.  Anyone who berates their staff in front of their guests does not deserve the business this place does.  Besides that, they take 90 percent of the tips the wait staff brings in.  Don't go here.  The owners are a-holes and their staff deserve better.I can't believe the rating this place has given the experience the employees and guests have reported here.  Seems to me the owners are trying to do some damage control by getting their friends and family to post positive comments based on loyalty and not true experience.If you want food poisoning then go here and try the shrimp that was left out overnight.  If you want to see someone cry, go here on a night the bit** manager is working and berating her employees.F*** this place.
4	We took our order to go.. We got some egg rolls, an order of orange chicken and kung pao chicken. It was all pretty good. We have had better but this is defiantly a place I would go back to.
3	The food was good the price was better! This would be a 5 star if Alex the server was not one of the worst I have ever had!
5	This place was right down the street from my old apartment so my roommate and I used to go twice a week for a sake bomb and food. I have had pretty much everything there. All of the food is great, nothing i didn't like. the service is also great, never have to wait for anything. The ambiance has a classy but at home feeling. the people that work there give you the feeling of at home but he furnishings, music, and lighting are classy. The place is very clean and I will say this, THAT PLACE HAS THE CLEANEST, COOLEST AND NICEST BATHROOMS.
4	This is the perfect lesson of not judging a book by its cover.  It's at the end of a ghost-town strip mall & I honestly thought this would be a typical divey Chinese restaurant.  WRONG! We walked in & were totally surprised by how "restaurant-y" (that's not a word, I know) it was! They had fountains & beautiful booths, the decor wasn't crazy cheesy either. We were seated right away by our friendly server.  I ordered the almond chicken with steamed rice & hubby ordered sweet & sour chicken with fried rice.  She dropped off 2 bowls of egg drop soup which was actually very tasty.  Our food came next & we were really happy with it. Perfect amount for lunch, it came with 2 won-tons, an egg roll & the rice.  Our dishes were pretty basic so it's kind of hard to mess them up but we will be back here again.  They were really flavorful & didn't taste like it was loaded with salt like some Chinese places do. The lunch prices were great too (around $6 per person I think).
5	Love this place.... Tried many other places and always come back here. Food is great, prices are reasonable and no issue with service.
5	Had lunch on 6/20/2014. Both my wife and I were most impressed with quality and price. House chicken was good. Soups were excellent. We must go back for dinner.  RVT
3	Place is very clean and the wait staff attentive.  However,  the food that comes out of the kitchen is just good.   Nothing special about it.   In my opinion is just not worth the prices on the menu.  But over all experience is good.  We will see if it was good enough to tempt me to return, as of now it's up in the air.
2	This review is just for the service.  I really wanted to like this place.  OK, we arrive early for dinner.  They proceed to sit everyone who enters in the same section.  So you have a restaurant 1/2 full and everyone is right next to each other.  Servers are scarce.  This place really needs to hire more help.  During our time there, we could hear the management talking down to a server near the kitchen.  Food was good, but when we were ready to leave = not a server around to take our money.  We finally got up, walked up to the cash register only to have some woman (who clearly didn't know what she was doing) "charge someone else's order" on my debit card and then proceed to say "sorry".  Took my bank 6 days to credit me back her mistake.  Next visit I'll only order takeout and pay with cash.
1	I ordered the sizzling rice soup as a bowl and the server failed to tell us that if we got the combo meal it would come with soup. Then after we already ordered the soup I asked if we could cancel it and just get combos and the manager said no. Terrible customer service. I will never be back.
1	I am very disappointed in the management here! The server was very nice and helpful , but embarrassed of her manager in charge!. I asked for the house chicken and it came out in a small bowl very very salty and did not taste good. I asked for something else after taking a few bites because I did not enjoy the dish. Management said no they would recook cook it and take the salt out of it I asked for a different dish again they said no! I paid for my meal the server apologized I will never ever come back to this restaurant again after frequenting this restaurant for years!!! You have lost a loyal customer never to return AGAIN. Low price yes! Poor management! Yes!
4	Ok.  Went there last night.  We don't have a lot of choices way out here in the West Valley.  The service and food were great.  Tables were clean.  Curry chicken and shrimp fried rice were both excellent.  I'll be coming back again.  If you want to try some good Chinese food this is the place.  Take out also.
