3	Do you like whisky? Would you like a world of it? Then you might like Whisky World!Whisky World really is full of whisky. Edinburgh is full of whisky shops.  Whisky this and whisky that, and it was really only time before I stumbled into Whisky World, likely under the influence of whisky.You won't find much here that you can't find elsewhere in the mostly tourist aimed shops. However unlike other parts of  "Scottish heritage" (like history for example), tourists are often surprisingly savvy about their drink. As a result places like this tend to be more for connoisseurs than you might at first think.When I went in the guy serving seemed friendly and was keen on advising and assisting. Which was great because I really don't know anything about whisky. I came away with a bottle I gave to a friend. It seemed to go down well so the advice seemed to pay off. Success. Now off to review Butterfly and Insect World...
3	If you are in the mood for learning about/tasting whisky, then Whisky World is the place to go! Situated just off from the Royal Mile, Whisky World is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is an incredibly convenient place for tourists to go. There are lots of whisky stores around Edinburgh, and in my experience they are all much or a muchness, and if you have seen one then you have pretty much seen them all. But this store is just as good as any other which I have been in. It is very Scottish inside, with tartan drapes and Scottish music playing in the background. The staff are very friendly and highly knowledgeable about all the different types of whisky and the malting process etc. Whisky World stock a vast selection of whiskys, which are perfect as gifts for foreign friends, and they also the wee miniature bottles too which are ideal if you don't want to fork out for the bigger bottles.
3	Boasting itself to be the best stocked whisky store in Edinburgh this place does deliver in terms of the range of whiskies on offer.  Indeed, unless you are familiar with your whiskies, choosing just one to buy is going to be problematic.The main issue with this place is mostly an effect of its location.  Being in a tourist area, means that lots of tourists will visit here to pick up a bottle of whisky as a souvenir or for those back home.  These tourists imply and are a direct cause of an inflation in prices for any where that might be considered to be a place selling anything vaguely Scottish.  These inflated prices mean you won't get a good deal.If you do want to experience good whisky I'd recommend a trip to where it's made not a shop in a city centre.  If you must buy whisky though, I guess you'll come here anyway.
5	Stumbled upon this place whilst looking for a gift for a friend who's big into whiskies so figured I couldn;t go wrong.  I don;t know anything about whisky but the staff were really helpful, and knew their stuff so I managed to come out with a decent bottle.  They didn't push me into buying the really expensive ones either, which I'd expected.  I noticed they weren't overly pushy with other customers too, leaving them to browse if they didn't want any help when asked. The selection of miniatures and big bottles is huge, and they have lots more besides whisky.  There's a note next to each type, explaining a bit more about it, which I thought was a nice touch, saving you having to ask all the time.would definitely go back for another present - great selection, nice staff, good prices.
3	Whisky World is a great little Whisky shop which caters, pretty much, for the tourist market. They stock a lot of novelty type bottles as well as the standard Glen Wotsits and MacThingamies you'd expect to find. They have a huge selection of miniatures and it is this which sets them apart. The downside to them catering predominantly for tourists is that the pricing is also aimed at tourists.
