4	A very large clean store with a great select of meats and produce.
5	Great store I love the service;  everyone knows my name & is extraordinarily helpful...Barb, Sharon, Tammy all help me each week & Tammy made me laugh the whole weekend w/her adorable cap in the Seasonal Isle.  I would love to share the pix but no capability here;  however I posted it to my Facebook site.One of the prettiest stores in the valley.....love to shop there!!!
5	I was tired, late and in a hurry when I left my purse in a shopping cart in the parking lot. I didn't notice until the next morning and I panicked because I had a large sum of cash from selling furniture.   A young man turned in my purse and not a penny was taken our of it.  This kind of honesty made me so incredibly grateful.  Kudos to this young gentleman and the staff at Fry's for being honest, kind people!  Yes, the actual store is lovely as well and the beauty is greatly enhanced by the staff.
1	Horrible customer service skills. Linda that helped us need a attitude adjustment. Won't go back to this location.
5	We love Frys! Moving in from Key West, where you learn not to expect a lot from. . .well, anything.Frys is a great store. Always clean. Friendly staff. Good prices. Lots of selections.After living in Key West, where there are only a couple of grocery stores to choose from (and very little selection on the shelves) this store is almost perfect. There are other stores in the area, but we're 100 pct happy with Frys so why switch? :)
1	Terrible customer service, especially in the deli, very rude. Been waiting for a call from the store manager for two days. I guess I know why the staff have terrible customer service, It must come from the top.
2	went to Frys tonight to pickup some groceries and thought I would try their new semi-automated deli pickup service. filled out the necessary request and received a receipt saying that my deli would be ready after 7:21 pm. GreatWent back to the deli at 7:31pm and my order was not there, Inquired to the person behind the counter on where my order was. He glanced towards the receipt machine and there was my order. Asked what happened and his excuse was that he was not here, ok you are now....ridiculous. If you're going to add an automated service make sure it works, maybe you should consider adding an audible alarm so people know that an order needs to be filled (since you have many people rotating in and out of the area)I just told him to forget it and went to checkout.
