5	We met the owner, Shes such a nice lady! She gave us outstanding service! She went out of her way on providing us with the best service and delivery. She is customizing our cake for our baby shower, it looks like something you would see on Cake Boss... Her bakery is super clean, staff is very friendly and the cake tastes awesome! Thanks Sweets unlimited!
5	Our ASU cake was delicious and beautiful! Our grad loved it!
3	Good cupcakes, kids had fun at all you can sprinkle station.  Small storefront, felt rushed to finish sprinkling when place got busy.  My daughter is a budding chocoholic therfore was duly impressed by her ability to plop an enormous  amount of frosting on her large cupcake.  She was however, dissapointed in the topping selection which was limited to m&m's for chocolate choices, mostly gummies and colored sugar sprinkles.   The station itself was small. I had two kids being shuffled around a limited space, could not imagine how they would acccomodate a larger group.   When I asked if they could sit and eat their creations, the only table available was covered with what appeared to be accounting/business stuff.  My request was mostly ignored but the owner did quickly provide to-go boxes and albeit sweetly, hustled us through and encouraged me to write a rave review on yelp.  I was given an extra  cupcake with frosting demo, that was generous, and the young man who coached the kids on frosting techniques was really, really nice.  A little too far off the beaten path for an intentional return but if in the area and want a cupcake fix, I would stop in.
5	I recently took a decorating class at Sweets Unlimited and had so much fun!  The owner and her staff are kind, friendly, and knowledgeable.  During the two hour class we decorated 6 cupcakes and 6 cookies each.  They provided all the fixings and a clean working environment to learn in. Although I initially took the class to learn, I was pleasantly surprised when I finally tasted the cupcakes.  They were really tasty.  The chocolate was moist and light.  The vanilla was also very good.  The instructor who taught the class was a recent Chef Pastry graduate and she was really patient.  Although she was quick, she was also thorough to ensure that no student was left behind.  That means a lot to the inexperienced decorator.  Another staff member also walked around and assisted the 10 students in attendance.  Once class was over we had a light lunch which consisted of wraps and salad.  Eva makes a really good chicken-salad wrap!  Family recipe....superb!  What I appreciated most was that they were not afraid to share their knowledge.  I can't wait for them to offer additional classes.  I will upload pictures of my decorated cupcakes and cookies tomorrow.Thank you Sweets Unlimited for opening up your doors!!!UPDATE 8.28.11:I just uploaded my pictures from the class.  I thought I had a close-up of the Spider-Web cupcake however, I guess I didn't take one =(  You can see it in the box of finished cupcakes.  Enjoy!
5	Wow.  Exceeded our expectations for a little takeout bakery.  Service with a smile and a good selection.  Would highly recommend the pecan cookie sandwich - a couple of pecan praline cookies with some sort of filling in the middle.  I took one nibble and decided it was pretty good.  Then I blacked out and woke up with praline crumbs EVERYWHERE, and filling all over my face.  So beware, those things are powerful.  Eat only in a private place.
5	This place is AMAZING!! I came in short notice looking for cake for my boyfriends birthday, the kicker was I need it in 2 days for a surprise...Sweets Unlimited totally pulled it off. My boyfriend is a huge DETROIT (sports) fan and they blew me away with their design...and the taste was AMAZING!! I would highly recommend them for any and all occasions!
5	I have to say, the Sweets at this place are out of the World, and the Staff and Owner Eva are so wonderful.I am in here almost every other day, and I Love it!They are so delicious and they are so creative with the creations.I recommend this to everyone who loves sweets or wedding cakes.Great Stuff !!
2	After going here several times I have to update my review everything has always been very good but today after stopping in for cupcakes I'm disappointed, they were stale and  the frosting was also not very good. I don't think we will be returning.
4	Wonderful cupcakes and the owner was very customer oriented.  My only regret is that I left the choice up to them and got chocolate and I believe vanilla--my fault--I should have made the selection myself (they have so many incredible flavors to choose from, it was hard).
5	What a fabulous place!  Came here for a cupcake and cookie decorating class.  Everyone was wonderful.  The owner and staff were so nice.  I learned a lot from the class and was very glad I went.  The cupcakes and cookies are delicious!  I look forward to going back to purchase other bakery items.
2	After looking at the menu online we went in for lunch, only to find they did not serve it. The menu indicated that savory items were available. We travelled a cross town and we're very diss appointed.  Don't be fooled by the advertisement of a "cupcake bar".  It is a few jars of sprinkles.  The cupcakes had more frosting than cake.  Not impressed.
4	My wife and I walked into Sweets Unlimited and were happily greeted by Eva who took the time to speak with us about the history of her business. We explained that we lived nearby and normally entertain a few times a year and wanted to sample a variety of the desserts displayed in the showcases. Eva described the quality ingredients of her products (fresh lemon etc.) and was more than happy to take the time we needed for our selections. Some of my wife's comments are that the Pecan Pie was the best she has ever had and the lemon and lime squares were excellent! The cakes we sampled were a chocolate with vanilla frosting and a white cake with vanilla frosting along with a lemon curd topping - each was moist and flavorful. In all, we were glad we stopped in and will place an order for our next event.
4	I called a few months ago to ask about wedding cake options. We're on a tight budget, and the owner was definitely willing to work with us to stay in our price range. I ended up getting my dream cake for less that $400. The cake tasting was complimentary, and everything tasted great. It was really hard for us to decide which ones to use. I can't wait to see the final result next week, and for sure plan on coming back whenever I need a cake.
1	Horrible customer service & a dry birthday cake.  Need I say more?
5	The best bakery ever! I have ordered their speciality eclair cakes to their cupcakes for my child's birthday (custom animal cupcakes) even an Elmo Cake for my son! I have never been disappointed! The owner is amazing, the cakes are so good - and always on time! Totally recommend!
3	Loved that everything was clearly very fresh and looked adorable. Not such a big fan that much needs to be ordered in advance and the brownie I bought was way too sweet. Good, but not overly impressed.
5	This is a great bakery.  We've been going since they opened at the location at 59th and Union Hills a few years ago.  The cupcakes are amazing.  The lemon are my absolute favorite.  The prices are very affordable too.  Recently, they made a Minecraft cake for my 6 year olds Birthday and it was very affordable and delicious.
5	I've never been to the Glendale location but I stopped by the new location on Northsight in Scottsdale and am I ever glad I did.  It's a little hard to find, but it's across from the movie theater. This bakery had an impressive selection of items including cupcakes, small pies, dessert bars, rice krispie treats, chocolate dipped pretzels and other delicious-looking goodies. I am a cupcake gal and these did not disappoint.  If you like super moist cake with lots of frosting, then these are for you.  And I love that they did not put nuts in the carrot cake cupcakes (they put cream cheese frosting on these).  Cupcakes - yum!!!  Also tried the dessert bars at less than $1 a piece and they were so rich and yummy.  Mint and key lime were my favorite.  On top of that, the service was really good.  I only wish I lived closer as this is definitely worth a return visit.
5	Oh Sweets Unlimited! Just when I swore off cake you come along and ruin it. My nephew had the most spectacular Scooby Doo cake made by you today. It was so flavorful. Light and fluffy. Just the right amount of sweetness and density. Your cakes never disappoint!
5	Just love love love the cake .. Tasty and pretty .. Me and my friends don't eat egg and after so much of struggle we found this place .. Yummy eggless cake .. The only thing I din like was too thick of a fondant and thick layer of white cream on the sides .. But yummy .. Am definitely coming back
5	Everything I've tried has been delicious, the lemon squares, cupcakes, white chocolate popcorn. And, for my birthday I had a German Chocolate cake it was the best German Chocolate Cake I've every had - a definite "winner".....soooo moist and sooo good!!  Glad they moved to Scottsdale.
1	We ordered a cake for my daughter's birthday.  The owner is not very responsive to the customer's needs and almost seems apathetic to good customer service.  She refused to accomodate to the design we were requesting and, since we're flexible and from reading other positive reviews, we continued to work with her.  We were told to send other design ideas and when we did, she never got back to us.  I had to call just to check the status and my email was buried deep in her inbox.  Upon pickup, she didn't even have a box to place the cake in to ensure no damage during transport.  When asked for one, she just bluntly stated she didn't have one with no offer of any other additional support.  Appearance of the cake is ok and I dont know if the cake tastes good, but our experience in dealing with the owner has soured us on this location.
5	Cupcakes here are amazing. Better than the franchise bakeries. I tried the champagne rasberry, strawberry, chocolate w/chocolate ganache frosting, and chocolate w/buttercream - all cupcakes, and all delicious.I will definitely buy my custom cakes from this bakery.They moved to Raintree/Northsight Blvd. area which is much closer to me. So excited!
