5	I've been here 3 times in the last 2 yrs for oil change, winter tire installation and high mileage services. The price is fair for the great service quality they provide and the staff is very friendly. They have the patience to explain things to customers and I see that they have lots of loyal clients. There's waiting area with hot cocoa, soda and coffee. The restroom is clean. They also provide free rides for people who drop off their car on site.I will definitely service all needs of my car here.
5	Extreamly helpful. The car just randomly broke while my fionce wason her way to work, she turned off the main road and ended up at Chets. They said they'd fix it that day and even gave her a ride to the west side. After work, she went to Chets and picked up the car. They fixed the problem and also informed us that the power steering was leaking (we knew something was up with it already). They filled up the power steering for free and told us to come back when it started making the noise we had heard before. At that point we actually decided to go to a few other places to fix the car and two places quoted us over $500, and told us it would be a week. Chet's told us they could do it the next day and the total bill was $210. We will come here first from now on!
5	Came to Chet's because of the good reviews it got on Yelp! Here's another one! So I don't know crap about cars. Unfortunately, this fact shines through when asking my questions about my car ("oh the year of my car?...um...I..uh...don't know off the top of my head", "was my temperature gauge high? well...uh...no lights lit up on the dash...?)  Yeah, I'm a prime target to get scammed at a auto repair shop.  So when smoke started coming out from under the hood, I was pissed and fearful of taking it to a car repair shop.   But Chet's was super nice and helpful!!  The guy taking all my information at the desk was incredibly cheerful and happy to have me as a customer. Their reception area is pretty nice too (especially for a car place). And when I found out my car had to stay at the shop for a few hours, they offered me a free ride home.  My car was diagnosed, fixed, and cleaned up in a few hours and they didn't charge me through the roof for it!!  Definitely coming back to Chet's the next time my car is being a piece.
5	Honest, friendly, clean and efficient service.  I will be returning here again for all my current vehicle's maintenance needs - which should be relatively few, according to the mechanics at Chet's, who could have frankly sold me quite a significant line of bull about that had they cared to.  In and out for an oil change and tire rotation in about an hour and for about $40 total.  Thanks, guys.
5	Honest and dependable.  After inspecting my mother's car, they informed us that spending a large amount of money for the repairs was not advisable.  Most shops would have done the repairs / taken our money regardless of the car's age & condition.  They were very thorough in their explanations.   She has since bought a different car and has had it serviced here.They offer free transportation services and have a nice waiting area, complete with a soda and coffee machine for their customers.  I highly recommend them for your car care needs.
4	Quick and clean. Nothing to complain about.
5	My Toyota Rav4 had a hole in the muffler. I took it to Chet's for an estimate. After his guys looked it over, he called around for a price. The parts place told him $1300.00. He said that seemed crazy and called another place, same thing. Then he tried to figure out different options. He called the Toyota dealership to see if the muffler was still under warrantee, and because the catalytic converter was inside the muffler, it was still under warrantee.I took it to Toyota and it was fixed for FREE.I have never had a place go above and beyond like they did at Chet's. This is a place you can trust. I will bring all my vehicles to them.
5	It's hard to find a good auto repair place where you won't get taken advantage of.  Because of the great reviews on Yelp, I drove out of my way to take my car to Chet's.  I'm a young woman with an old car that I didn't want to put a lot of money into.  I just need my car to last me another year or so until I can afford a new one.  I dropped by Chet's without an appointment or anything, and one of the mechanics came out to the parking lot to take a look at my car right away (free of charge).  He actually got on the ground to peak under my car, and he knew what the problem was in less than a minute.  He answered all my questions, and I arranged to bring my car back the next day to get fixed.  When I brought my car in to get fixed, the guy at the front desk recognized me right away and slipped me a coupon from their ad for 10% off my services because he knew that I didn't want to put a lot of money into my car.  I was taken aback by his thoughtfulness.  The mechanics kept me informed as they were working on my car, gave me the estimate, gave me their opinion, and answered all my questions.  All around great service at a reasonable price.
5	Was so impressed with this place. We called them this summer, knowing we needed some serious work done. After reviewing many places online, we decided to go with Chet's due to their high Yelp rating. From start to finish, superb service. When I called, the guy answering the phone was nice and helpful. We brought the car in the next day and they offered a ride. They kept us informed throughout the day about what was going on and what the cost was going to be. There was a LOT of work to be done, so they kindly asked if they could keep it overnight. The next day, we got the total, which, considering all they had to do, was very fair. Also, the mechanics talked to us in both simple terms (so a non-mechanic could understand), but didn't treat us like we were stupid. They were honest and detailed. Will get my car care from them!
5	I've always had great experiences at Chet's. They are friendly and informative. And the price is totally decent.
5	I've had my stalling car fixed and my tires rotated at Chet's. I've had nothing but good experiences there in the short time I've been going. The front desk is as friendly as all get out, and they make sure you know how much things are going to cost before they touch your car. It's clear they are there to help you and not rip you off. What great people!
5	Trustworthy, quick, happy to explain problems. I have no complaints - Chet's is just awesome.
5	As a young woman, I have had so many awful experiences being ripped off or treated like an idiot at auto shops. Chet's is a total dream. They are straightforward, honest and do good work. They take time to explain what's going on without being condescending. They're great at catching issues before they become huge costly problems, but will tell you plainly whether it's something that needs to be fixed immediately or if it can wait. Their oil changes are the same price as the sale/coupon prices at the national chains. Since I bought my tires from them, I get them rotated for free for life. They are respectful, cheerful and expert. I can't say enough about them.
5	I called today when I was in a frenzy because my car was acting up, and I was not in my neck of the woods.  I received a caring voice on the other end.  Unfortunately, he was not able to service my car because they were booked solid, but he gave me suggestions and recommended another establishment.  I truly think this must be a good place that cares about its customers.Thank you!
5	I came here to return a UHAUL truck and that is all...but this place had an impression on me.  The staff and owner were very friendly and nice and seemed like genuinely nice people.  All the customers that walked through the door seemed to be on a name basis with the mechanics.  I left my cell phone in the UHAUL and they were very nice about retreiving it, even though they were very busy.  I think I'll be back here for an oil change.  I like all the old Pepsi and Coke ads and trinkets they have.
4	Went once to get the oil changed there. The people are really friendly.  I waited in the waiting room until it was done (about an hour with other customers).  They gave me the price with a coupon even though I didn't know there was one.  They didn't try to up-sell me on anything.  Overall, I'd go back.
5	We've taken several different cars to Chet's over the years, and have always found the service to be honest, reasonably-priced, and very friendly! They've changed our oil, jumped our battery, fixed several mechanical issues, and never insisted that we go in for more expensive services (even when those have been recommended). And just today, a kindly fellow installed our front license plate at no charge! Doesn't get much better than this.
2	My previous review was for an oil change, which I still stand by.  This time I brought in my car because it was making a rattling noise.  I was told that the bracket holding my flex tube was broken and it would be around $350 to replace the whole pipe.  The pipe itself was not damaged and I asked if there was a cheaper option to attach the pipe back to the car (either by welding it or creating a new bracket). The mechanic gave me a rude answer about coat hangers.  I called around and was quoted $200 to replace the pipe at Speedys Muffler. When I brought it in there to get it replaced, they told me the pipe itself could just be bracketed to the car for $45. Make sure you call around before getting work done here in case there are other repair options that Chet's didn't consider.
5	This is the best, most friendly, most trustworthy auto repair shop I have ever used. I needed my brakes replaced and new tires. They dropped me off at home and picked me up at work (my work is pretty far away from the shop.) The man who picked me up at work was so nice and we had a lovely conversation.They gave me a discount for military families too. Usually at auto repair places, I have my guard way up, assuming that the place is trying to trick me into paying for services I don't need. I felt so comfortable at this place and never once worried about that sort of thing.
5	Ordering and having installed 4 new tires was the way to go with Chet's!  I had chided myself for doing so, when during the same visit, they said that I needed a new battery.  I thought "Here we go again. Just I expected."  But they showed me what they could of the battery and I couldn't argue with them.  (How was it possible that my car was even running w/ that old battery?!?!?!?)  I had no inclination that they were going to swindle me, because they weren't.  They were solely focus on making sure that I left a happy customer with a 17-year old car nearing 250,000 miles.
5	Bring your business here and you will not have to worry about taking it anywhere else. These guys are trustworthy and responsible about what they do. Probably the only place that will try to find you discounts that apply to you at the spot.
5	A fantastic, family business with excellent customer service. I brought my car in twice for minor issues and was pleasantly surprised by how friendly and genuinely helpful the employees were. Not only was the service excellent, but they didn't charge me or accept tips for their help. Highly recommended.
5	Best car place I know, recommend to everyone.Just picked up my car, it came in *under* the estimate they gave me. Been driving for oh 30 years now, in 3 different states, and this is by far my favorite car place.
4	I've used Chet's for car repairs in the past and been satisfied. Repairs done well, when promised, and the courtesy transportation was a plus.Today I needed a storage unit, very last minute, for an upcoming move. Chet's also has storage, and they couldn't be more conveniently located for me, just a couple of blocks from my current place. They had one unit open, and though it was larger than I need, the price was comparable to smaller units elsewhere. $95/month, $95/deposit for a 10'x20' unit. It's not fancy, but any port in a storm will do. They had a stack of pallets that Chet said I was welcome to use, when I asked about the potential for dampness if we get heavy rains. I put tarps on top of the pallets, and hopefully that combo will prevent any issues.Very pleasant, smooth transaction. To be updated at the end of my use of their facilities.
5	I usually take my car to the Honda center for maintenance, but thought I would try a locally owned shop, and found The Chet's Car Care  had excellent reviews. The staff was very friendly, and the service was excellent. I will definately stay with The Chet's Car Care for all of my car's needs!
5	I popped in because my tire pressure light was on, and also because I had bought my car a month ago with a little over 100k miles on it and I wanted to make sure everything checked out. An energetic guy by the name of Roman checked out my tires while humming merrily, and then answered all of my new-car-owner questions about maintenance for the next ten minutes. After everything was set I asked where I should pay, and his response was, "Pff. Air is free." So is consultation, apparently. Very generous of them.
5	Chet is an old school stand up guy with professional integrity that you don't see so much of anymore. My storage rental experience could not have been better. He let me use as many of his pallets as I needed with no extra charge; he was extremely kind about every interaction. My deposit was returned immediately with a hand written thank you note from Chet. I mean, who does that? I had zero moisture or mold issues with the storage unit itself, although everything was in there for 2+ months thru the hot, wet, humid end of summer. Extremely pleased. Can I give six stars?
