5	Every time we visit Montreal we absolutely have to visit Tourtiere Australienne.  This cozy and casual gem of a place has a chef who has mastered the art of buttery flaky pastry.  Individual pies look small but pack so much goodness and are surprisingly filling.  The only problem is which delicious pie to choose....mmm... butter chicken, steak and mushroom, spinach/ricotta, lamb roganjosh, and their breakfast pies are absolutely mouth watering.  To top it off,  their pavlova with whip cream, topped with fruit is divine!  Dine in or take it to go.  They are located near a couple of parks, so having an impromptu New Zealand/Aussie style picnic is a delightful way to enjoy this authentic grub.The young couple who own and run the place are very sweet and welcoming .  She is Quebecois and we expeciallly enjoyed hearing her speak english to us in her Australian/French accent.Pass the tomato sauce, listen to some tunes from "Down Under", fill your belly with gourmet food VERY inexpesively, and leave with your very own jar of Vegemite.  Ta!
5	So many varieties of gourmet meat pies, and so tasty! The service was great and the outdoor patio was a nice place to enjoy the meal. There were deserts, but I can't imagine using any room in my stomach for anything but the pies.
5	I was soooo excited when we found this place, after a recent trip to Australia I had been craving a decent meat pie, but alas! They are no where to be found in Boston. These meat pies are a little different, pretty much more upscale versions of the ones found at every bakery in AU. They were phenomenal, flaky crust, top notch ingredients, and a wide selection for every taste.  Needless to say I will make a stop or two here on any visit to Montreal!
5	This is one of those awesome restaurants that comes into your life just as you're looking for something different. Their pies are incredible, with savoury filling and perfectly flaky crust and their desserts are just as great, really inspired creations. I usually go for the 3-for$40 deal on the family-size pies and a few highlights are definitely the green chili thai chicken pie, the butter chicken pie and the chili con carne. The sweet potato curry and classic potato top get honourable mentions, too. Finishing off the meal with a TimTam Tiramisu adds something really unique and decadent to the whole experience, too. If you've never been, go!
3	Not the best meat pies out there, but they're pretty decent. They're great to take away and eat on the mountain.Don't get conned into buying the Tim Tams from here, though, because you can get them for half the price at Loblaws!
5	I love me a Kiwi pie & flat white! We discovered this place a week after our trip to New Zealand, and we have not looked back. It's a great place to get a mince pie, or my favourite a mince and cheese. The business is run by a husband(Don) and wife(Melanie). Don having been a professional chef in New Zealand and later Australia,met Melanie and they married and moved to Montreal. The pies made using local ingredients, and come very very close to the pies of Russel or Lake Taupo NZ!They have a large variety of pies that you can take home frozen. Either individual or family size.  Often they have specials, such as a pie of the week or a baker's dozen promotion. The frozen pies also transport very well. Putting them in a cooler bag or small cooler box we were able to give some to my cousin in Calgary who married a Kiwi. He gave his approval of them. They also make great flat whites, and are not too expensive.On weekends Don will usually have a rugby or Aussie rules football game on the TV.In the summer time they have a pie eating contest - I believe the current record is 8.5 pies in ten minutes.
5	I have passed this little gem walking to and from work for quite some time and never gave it a second thought until yesterday when I did a quick yelp search and saw all the great reviews.  I decided to try it for myself and am glad I did.  WOW!  I called and spoke to a very nice woman who helped me narrow down my order.  I got the family size Butter Chicken and Curry Veg.  My family and I enjoyed every bite.  I do recommend calling early as I believe they may run out of certain pies before closing.
5	Woohoo!  As good as it gets!OK firstly, this was my first time going to a tortiere shop/restaurant.  Secondly, these are the best damned pie crusts you'll find anywhere.Thirdly, the filling (I've only had butter chicken) was shockingly good.  There isn't an Indian anywhere on premises, but that butter chicken was kickin'.  Excuse the rhyme.My friend got the cookie that I'd bought but forgotten in his glove compartment, and he swore that, like the pies, that cornflakes and chocolate cookie was maybe the best cookie he's ever eaten!  I wouldn't say it's a place with good food - I'd say it's a place that you should absolutely eat at if you get the chance.  This is not regular good.  It's unique good.
5	I had the Butter Chicken Pie and Corn Flake cookie and lets just say I am counting down the days for my return. The pastry was flaky, the butter chicken was nicely flavored, from the first bite I wanted more! The cookie was was just AMAZING not to sweet but sweet enough and the taste of the corn flakes complemented the chocolate perfectly. Next time I bring home some frozen Pies and a dozen cookies for sure. Please keep up the great cooking, you mad me a fan!!!!!!!
4	I may be biased since I'm Australian, but Aussie pies such as those made by TA beat any other pies made in la belle province. Their fillings are juicy and their crust sufficiently crisp and easy to break into without leaving that dry taste in your mouth. I've tried their classic meat pies, the vegetable curry, and the beef and mushoom. They're all good. I just wish that the pies were bigger because one is definitely not enough for a meal. For a more authentic feel, have your pies with mash and gravy on top. It's fun to eat and tastes wonderful. The place is tiny, so go there on a nice sunny day and enjoy your pie at Jeanne-Mance park.
3	Nice little restaurant. Can't really comment on how Aussie they really are, since I've never even been to Australia, but the pie was tasty. Sold cold, warm or frozen for take home.
5	I've got to say that these are theeee best Australian pies I have ever had! 2 VEGETARIAN OPTIONS!!????Say What!?!Make sure to try the Curry as well as the Spinach Ricotta pie. They are both amazing.They were also one of the few places that were open at 10 am on Labor Day. Go figure. I envy those of you who get to eat here whenever you want... I have to drive 6 hours to get here.
4	Being from the Midwest of the USA, I hadn't had a lot of experience with meat pies until moving to Montreal.  But after some family dinners and a few visits to Tourtiere Australienne, I'm hooked.Ambiance:  The restaurant has a simple but straightforward layout.  The interior has seating for about about 12 and also functions as a shop for patron to grab some pre-made pies.  There is room for about 10 people to sit outside if weather permits.   The pies of the day sit in a warmer near the register ready for your selection.Food:  They had about 8 different varieties to choose from, including both meat and veggie options.  I had a meat-heavy pie that included some bacon and was not disappointed.  My dining companion let me sample her veggie filled choice which was also very tasty.  The pie's crust was light, flakey and delicious.  We tried to counterbalance the meat pie with one of TA's green salads and were pleased as well.Service:  TA is a pretty casual place to grab a bite.  The woman who took our order also brought out the pies/salad in a timely and kind fashion.Price:  Dinner for two was ~$25, which is reasonable for a quick dinner in Montreal by my standards.We'll be back at TA and look forward to grabbing a few pies to take home to our freezer as well.
4	Small pie place you can easily miss on Parc.There are a few seats inside but I usually buy frozen pies and enjoy them at home.I have lived in Australia for 4 years and these pies are even better than most pies I had there. I've been buying the pies there for nearly 2 years and I have never been disappointed. Great choice too (meat, vegetarian).They also sell other Aussie classics like Vegemite & Tim Tams.Definitely worth trying!
5	Great pies. Friendly staff. Try the rum balls as well awesome
4	Good chef-not just any old pie.  Very nice desserts.  Chef has real talent, and this is a must go for a cheap delicious meal.
5	As an Australian I was excited to find this gem when visiting Montreal. And wow it did deliver! I left feeling like I'd been back home for a little while. Here's why:- I had the classic beef pie, and possibly the best meat pie I've ever had. The pastry was amazing and surpassed that of pastries in Australia, perhaps the french influence. Tomato sauce and some Australian brand chutneys were freely available.- My boyfriend noted the pies are surprisingly filling for $5-6 each.- They can show you how to do a Tim-tam slam, for those interested in Aussie culturalisms.- They offer 'lemon lime and bitters', an Aussie mixer drink that trust me, is pretty hard to find in north America.- The girl at the counter has worked as a barista in Australia, and the quality of the coffee really reflects this.- The traditional sticky date pudding was great, but difficult to chose from the several dessert options including pavlova and Tim-tam tiramisu.- When buying a take-home pie for later, I noticed the bill pleasantly reflected that advertised prices included tax - not sure if this was the same for our eat-in meal. The take-home pie was also amazing.This place will be on my radar for every time I return to Montreal, and really shouldn't be missed. If you're an expat missing home, or interested in seeing what real Australian food is, this place is a must.
4	Who would have known, a Hawaii boy, all the way in Montreal, eating Australian Meat pies..Found this place from Uncle Anthony from his show. The Layover.This place is a little bit hard to find because the signage is just a picture. Just be on the look out for their logo with the drawing of a head and your at the right place. Parking was a little bit of a pain because they were doing road construction when I went. First off the, the person behind the counter was really really nice, esp when i asked what was popular. She went over the pies that were in the little container on the counter top. She told me what was in every one of them and they all sounded great.I just opted for the meat pie with pieces of meat in side of it. I wasn't sure exactly the name but here is a picture of it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tourti%C3%A8re-australienne-montr%C3%A9al-2?select=grvRUVuNe4-kO1hvBftORg#fNKibIZflLlbrhBdplSBdQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tourti%C3%A8re-australienne-montr%C3%A9al-2?select=grvRUVuNe4-kO1hvBftORg#eRdIzu7ZaKbBY-ME5_00DgI opt to take it to go because I was just getting food for me and my friend who was back at the Condo. I also did get their popular item which was the Tiramusu..I heated the meat pies for breakfast before we headed to the Grand Prix circuit. I used the oven that was in our Condo and the pies came out great and fantastic. Tasted like they were just freshly baked.My friend who is a really picky eater, enjoyed his meat pie and said it was really good.The Tiramusu was pretty on point too.Over all, fantastic, place and I'll be visiting them again when i'm in MTL.
4	Grabbed a couple of meat/cari pies and a New-Zeland doughnut to eat on the hills of Mont-Royal. Enjoyed every bite of each and all. Though we found the pastry a little bit too buttery for our taste, we hear it's the proper way to have it down under. The cari pie was absolutely to die for and the doughnut just delicious!
4	They're in NDG now! Imagine the glee when we learned that TA was bringing its pies to Monkland Ave / Girouard!  Villa Maria is the closest Metro stopSo far the pies we've had (as take-out) are:Steak Bacon Cheese. Verdict = DeliciousButter Chicken. Verdict = Oh, Yummy!Spinach, mushroom, tomato & ricotta. Verdict = Vegetarian pies, although tasty and possibly healthy are not the thing of which legends are made. Ned Kelly. Verdict = OMG OMG OMG!While you can easily imagine the first three pies flavour profile you're going to have to try the Ned Kelly. It's a steak pie, with fried egg and cheese and BBQ sauce all in one magical eye-popping pie! Serve any of these pies (except for the vile veggie one) alongside some mushy peas, mashed potatoes and and a cold one and you're golden.They've got big pies to take home and they have little pies that you can eat while you're taking your big pie home. They've really thought of everything.
4	DELICIOUS & AUTHENTIC! I stopped by TA on the way to the park and was pleasantly surprised, actually impressed. Anyone familiar with New Zealand and Australian meat pies will have high expectations, like I did, when seeing a sign outside this semi-whole-in-the-wall spot advertising meat pies. TA delivered ... very hot and very fresh, which is the opposite of a complaint, just difficult to wait for it too cool sufficiently before eating. The pastry crust was PERFECT and the fillings delicious.    The space is small, very small, and definitely not a dinner destination or for a meal of any great length. I'll reiterate, if you're familiar with how things work in NZ and Australia and how to order and eat meat pies, there's no surprises aside from being 100% satisfied with the food. I'll be back ... soon
4	Being Australian its hard not to have mixed expectations for a pie shop selling Aussie cuisine.Aussie pies are hard to beat and TA succeeds fairly well at nailing the Aussie meat pie. There is a wide variety of flavours many of which I have never seen in oz like Butter Chicken but still taste amazing whilst nailing the flaky pastry. We purchased the Steak, Bacon and Cheese; Butter Chicken and the Shephards pie varieties. I enjoyed them all although my bf was a little disappointed with the shephards pie.TA also sells a variety of Aussie desserts including Pavlova and Rum Balls. I decided to purchase a Tim Tam Meringue which I was fairly disappointed in as the whole pie crust was burnt and quite hard to bite into so I wouldn't recommend purchasing them.Overall it is a fairly good representation of some typical Aussie food that can be a little expensive at $5-6 for a pie but well worth a try if just to get my Aussie food fix.
5	Meat pies were one of the highlights of our trip to Australia/New Zealand. The only disappointment we had in discovering this place is that we didn't find it earlier
3	Who even knew Australian meat pies were a thing?! Well apparently they are, and I couldn't be happier. Ta is tucked away so you might not find it at first, but double back if you miss it, because this place is worth it. They've got everything from traditional ground beef and sausage pies, all the way to Indian dish inspired ones,and each is as good as the next. Plus, for a small extra fee, they'll top any one with a heaping mound of mashed potatoes. So stop by if you can. It's to-TA-lly worth it. I'll show myself out.
4	Amazing pies! Even more delightful desserts!!!The pies are pre-made and reheated prior to serving, the fillings are generous, tasty, and the pie crusts are mind-blasting.I really love the concept of having desserts in a cup, very convenient for on-the-go. I had the Sherry Trifle, and wish there was slightly less alcohol; not too sweet and the texture was perfect.A real hidden gem in Montreal, wish more people knew about this place!
5	I missed the flavours of meat pies and sausage rolls from New Zealand where I spend 2 of my high school years there. The gravy and the pastry just reminded the days where I spend my youth days. Must try this if you think most North American pies are mediocre and too sweet!
4	We had the spinach, mushroom, tomato and ricotta pie, which looked like the only meatless pie they had that day (it was our last day in Montreal, and we were cramming our morning fulfilling our munchies on all kinds of fatty goods, so, we decided to go light. I would've loved to try the curry meat pie though). It is pretty good; I like it with ketchup on top, but they have other condiments on the side for you before you sit down in one of their high chairs (there are only a couple tables). It's cute how they are like a mini emporium of authentic Australian foods.
4	I was looking for somewhere to have tourtiere in Montreal, and this restaurant came up.  It's a pretty small restaurant, and pretty casual. It took me a few minutes to find this restaurant, but I tend to get lost easily, especially when traveling. I got the basic beef. The filling was delicious and savoury, and the pastry was nice and flaky. I'll have to keep this restaurant in mind for the next time I'm in Montreal. It was well worth the stop.
4	Brought home a steak, bacon and cheese large "family" sized pie and was pleasantly surprised how good it was!  First of all the crust was so crisp, buttery and tasty!  Seriously.... I usually eat minimal crust on a meat pie as I find it so tasteless and hard to swallow (without a big glass of milk)!  This crust tasted like having a croissant for the crust!  The filling inside had wonderful flavour and was not too dry and well portioned with sauce.  Flavour was fa-dabulous!  I did however think the pricing was a tad high for a frozen pie ($16.50 per large)!  I believe it's a bit of a rip-off to charge the same price for fresh as frozen but that's my "cheap prairie upbringing"!  I would like to try some of their other pies and deserts but wanted to try one out to see if it was the real-deal!  It sure is folks!  On my next trip I would like to try Butter Chicken, Rogan-Josh and possibly a Tiramisu!  I'll update after I chomp down on one or all!  I have never had an Australian meat pie but these may rank up there with the best dinner pies I've eaten!
4	Oooooooh.. I'm a 29yo Australian who hasn't lived there since he was 8, but have visited. So I have a childhood attraction to that Australian taste.I walked in here today after work, next to the park, and was thrilled to see they not only had pies, but Australian products! Vegemite, Cherry Ripe, etc. They also have Lemingtons etc. Which was amazing to find because I usually get people to bring this stuff to me in their suitcases! :)Anyway, my wife and I ordered two pies to eat there, not to go. Mine steak/cheese, and hers a vegetarian. And they were lovely. The pastry was super yummy just like good Aussie pies, and filling was good too. Not exactly the same (not better/worse, just different) but still really nice.I'll definitely stop here every now and then for a casual pie to go as I walk through the park down to Sherbrooke.(Note: Australian pies etc aren't "cuisine" in Australia, they're just a common fast food, like poutine. And it's not so much the pie that is the dish, but more the Australian way of eating it ie: on the go, with a handheld container etc, or at a football game. Either way, there's a special rich taste in them that these guys get right. :))
4	As an Australian who's been away from home for over a year now Ta Pies was just what I needed to curb some of the home sickness.  I have been back a few times now with my girlfriend who is French-Canadian and she is hooked as well. I think their traditional mince pie is my favourite, but we have sampled quite quite a few of their selection now and they were all delicious. I can say with confidence Ta pies are definitely on the mark with quality and taste. They are equal if not better to a lot of really well known bakeries from my home town in Tasmania.They also have a number of Australian lollies/treats for sale including curly wurlys (my favourite as a kid) Anzac Cookies, Lamingtons, Milo etc.This place is great if you are also in a hurry or need something for dinner later as you can buy refrigerated pies in different sizes to warm up at home.
5	One of my favourite places to go for a quick bite to eat. They also make a large assortment of frozen pies which are great for taking home and eating later. I highly recommend this place. They have vegetarian pies and meat pies, and their desserts are also excellent.
4	Very helpful service at the desk and the pies are excellent!  The standard meat (beef) and butter chicken (yes!!) were de-lish.  They even have lamb!  It was a hit with the hubby and the kids.  With a picture of Aussie Hugh Jackman (the Wolverine of X Men) displayed prominently on the wall, what's not to like?Only four stars for the limited seating.
5	Overall :If you eat nothing else on your visit to Montreal, you must try Ta Pies.  Seriously - go out of your way, this place is a gem.Food :My partner had the buttered chicken (sort of a curry chicken flavor) and I had the beef and cheese.  Hers was delicious and really flavorful, mine was excellent.  The crust was buttery and flaky, and the filling was well seasoned with the cheese as an accent rather than an overwhelming element.  My partner lived in Australia for a while and confirmed, these were pretty perfect and totally authentic.  I have never put anything in my mouth that made me this happy.Everything Else :Not much else to say - seating is sparse and mostly outdoors.  Service is counter-style ordering.  Decor... no real impression.  I don't take any stars off for this because Ta Pies is exactly what it seems like - a side of the road pie stand for you to grab a handheld bite and go.  Perfect!
5	I love the food here! I am particularly fond of the butter chicken meat pie, coupled with a ginger beer. One of my favourite places in Montreal!
3	I'm not Australian or a New Zealander which is probably why I don't feel as connected or committed to this store as the others.I do like that they sell Milo (love that stuff) and Vegemite (yes I eat it, and I am not from Down Under)... but the pies were OK. They were well made, and rich and good, but I had a vegan wrap earlier that day and it was much better than the pie (I am drooling to get another  vegan wrap again).. which only tells me that the pie was just OK.I do love me a good puff pastry pie though, but I can make better at home with some President's Choice puff pastry pie and stuff it with chicken thigh meat, veggies and cream.. mmmmmI was actually really looking forward to eating the chicken and mushroom pie but that's a special pie apparently, made once a month. BOO!I would have tried the traditional minced meat pie but I don't eat ground beef any more (*cough*becauseooftheammoniawashingfecesawayfromthemeat*cough*).Very limited seating, reasonably priced at $6. I'd come back and eat if I was in the area and hungry, but I won't make a special trip out there to eat this once a week.
4	First time I had australian pies so I have no idea how its supposed to taste like. What I can say is the puff pastry was excellent. But as most British/british decent foods, it tastes bland and greasy. I didnt have the butter chicken pie though, which is apparently one of the best.
4	I write all my reviews based on a student budget:Went with a friend and we got two pies for about $14, the veggie one was superb, the beef with cheese was okay. Certainly didn't fill us up so it felt more like an appetizer.
