4	I stayed here one night while in town for a job interview.  The room was clean and the bed comfortable with different pillow selections (foam, feather, hard, soft).  I appreciate having the microwave and fridge in the room when I travel in case I don't feel like going out to eat again or I'm too tired to get out.  Also, in the lobby there are pre-printed directions to local businesses.  I didn't take advantage but there is a bar in the lobby.  Internet access was free and there was a desk in the room.  Highway access is convenient and it is close enough to bars and restaurants.The gym is adequate and the equipment is better than most hotels, including tv screen so bring ear plugs if you want to listen.  There were not weights though and the pool is too small for laps but there is an aquatic center just a few blocks away with both ($8 a visit for non-residents).  The treadmills are sufficient for running but Uptown is completely side-walked so if you prefer running outside its 'safe' from traffic at least.
4	I'm the kind of person who loves staying in hotels. And one of my favorite chains to stay in is Hilton Garden Inns. This was a large hotel situated right in the heart of Uptown Charlotte. Everything was clean, organized, the staff was friendly, there was a large restaurant inside the hotel as well as a concession area, which was a nice  bonus. I believe it also had an inside pool and a work out area, but we never saw either.Also, this hotel is very near the Time Warner Cable Amphitheater (we were in Charlotte for a concert) as it was just a few blocks away. However, the hotel was kind enough to give us a free shuttle ride there and dropped us off right in front of the place! I definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a great location and a great value in the Charlotte area.
2	I'm writing this review as I sit in the Hilton Garden Inn at Charlotte.The rooms are adequate, with most coming with a flat screen television or two, comfortable beds, and ample showers or hot tub jacuzzis. There is also a full service restaurant and bar in the Lounge area of the Hotel.I will also give them a nod for their complimentary shuttle which will travel you anywhere in a three mile radius of the hotel. The dude driving the shuttle was very polite and curtious ... I'm guessing because he didn't have to stay or work in the Hotel itself.Unfortunately, that's where the good stuff ends.The gym facilities are atrocious. 2 Treadmills, a recumbant bike, and an Elliptical machine with maybe 4 medicine balls littered around a room that measures 6 ft x 20ft, if that. A grotesque pool with a grimey bottom that on more than one occasion I considered drowning myself in to free myself from my mortal shackles and break free from this prison of a hotel.Concierge wasn't helpful at all -- when I arrived at the front desk and asked if I could score a bottle of water to use the gym, because I didn't feel like paying the $4.00 fee for drinking the Fiji water they had in my room, the guy at the front desk stuck up his nose and snootily informed me "You can purchase water from the gift shop." Sorry buddy, at over $150 bucks per night, you can *give* me a water for the cost of... free. Also, what kind of idiot buys bottled water as a gift?The in House internet is the slowest you will find. I'm a computer / IT guy myself and it is flagrantly apparent that this place throttles their bandwidth usage. Online Games of any type slow to a crawl, and streaming video sites such as Hulu or YouTube take forever and a day to load. This is the year 2010 -- we should have hover cars by now, but apparently its too much to ask for a sad excuse for a Hilton to manage their Internet Connection enough to let me watch the Keyboard Cat before dying of boredom.The location is also horrible. Right next to the Nascar Hall of Fame ... and thats about it. Everywhere you'd want to go is located 1/2 mile or so into the city, so you have to take the shuttle to get anywhere. Without the shuttle, this place would be unstayable.Alright / Mediocre Rooms + Satisfactory Shuttle Service + Snooty Concierge + Horrible Gym Facilities + Atrocious Location = Don't waste your time. I saw a park bench a few blocks away that I will be living under during my next stay in Charlotte. Do yourself a favor and visit the aLoft at the Epicenter -- it beats this place in every measurable way.
3	They had a shuttle pick me up after the taxi dropped me off at the wrong Hilton.  Doh!  Super nice staff.  Their gym is really small and doesn't have much.  Pool is small too.  Nonetheless, a cozy place to stay.
4	Usually always stay here.  Great location, nice rooms, nice hotel and the location is perfect.  Within 6-8 blocks of everything you need for dining and entertainment.  Off the main beat so there is never any heavy traffic as if sitting downtown in the middle of the banking district.  Rates are always superior to anything in the area.  Rooms are over sized compared to Hilton and Marriott in the banking district.  I would highly recco this hotel for future guests of Charlotte.
2	When traveling, I look for location, amenities and comfort, plus value for the price.  The Hilton Garden Inn Charlotte Uptown was booked for me, not by me, with all good intentions.As a business traveler, I often get in late and must be up and out quite early, often as early as 5am.Location is adjacent to major sports venue. Strike one. Urban center, so there is apt to be street noise that can permeate the rooms, and there was quite a bit of this - emergency vehicle sirens, loud auto sounds.  Strike two. The hotel is not well insulated from outside sounds.  The room doors and the rooms themselves are not designed to contain noise so it does not effect others.  I could easily hear even not loud conversations in adjacent rooms on both sides as well as guests speaking not too loudly in the halls, even after 1am.  I got precious few hours sleep that night!.  Strike three, and they're OUT was the obtrusively loud plumbing sounds.  When adjacent rooms used their facilities, whether it was the toilet, sink or shower/bath, I do not know.  I just know that it created a roaring sound in MY room.When I mentioned this to the desk person the next morning, she acknowledged each of my stated concerns, indicating that this is just the way it is at this property.In addition, for anyone in need of ready and waiting cabs, this is another negative for this property.  I requested a cab pick-up for 5:50am, and was assured one would be there and waiting.  As you may have guessed, this did not happen.  Despite their best effort, no cab was there.  About 10 minutes later, one arrived, but it is somehow unsettling when one is on a tight schedule and relies on punctuality.  Of course, I built in some fudge factor so I did not go nuts, but if you need reliance on either waiting cabs at-the-ready or reliable pre-arranged on-call cabs, you might be sorely disappointed in what this hotel can assure.On the plus side, their FREE Internet in the room was quite fast, measured at about 9Mbps down and up.  This was a pleasant surprise.
4	WE stayed next door at the Hampton Inn but came to the American Grill for dinner. Service was excellent, food too. Had a GREAT burger which I typically don't order. I'd give it 5*****'s if it had more of a selection of menu items.
5	One of the nicest experiences I've had when traveling. Room was clean, large, ready when promised. Rate was much better than local Westin or other Hilton. Staff were all gracious, helpful, and kind. I was traveling alone and sometimes (in other hotels) not treated as well b/c of that. Had a govt rate suite and was treated like a VIP even though my rate was less. Free local shuttle was a bonus. Shuttle guy was friendly and prompt. Breakfast buffet (part of my room pkg) was good and plentiful. Staff there were also solicitous. Yes, I did hear some sirens. Yes, the gym was very small and the indoor pool postage stamp sized. I also had an in-room jacuzzi and so I was relaxed and didn't even care!Forgot a piece of jewelry. Housekeeping staff found it and front staff person (Elizabeth G) mailed it to me. Nice!!I recommend it overall and would happily stay if I return to Charlotte.
5	I stayed here for a week a few years ago - in town for a convention.The hotel is very nice.  If you'e stayed at other Garden Inns, you'll have a good sense of what to expect.  Just very nice attention to detail, clean, friendly and helpful staff (I gave numerous generous tips, far more than I typically would).So, why 5 stars?  I was here with a colleague for a VERY important business event.  Our booth was shipped to the hotel, along with some VERY expensive electronics.  It was all there, safely stored for me upon arrival.  Our booth case somehow became misplaced.  HUGE WHOOPS!  I thought theft.  The manager and concierge turned the hotel upside down to find it, including security tapes, room keys, and brought in the police.  Turns out, it was delivered to the wrong room (numbers were transposed - could have been my fault) and the guest in the other room didn't report it right away.  But, the staff did an incredible job to resolve it.Another reason(s) - we had a number of client meetings and the concierge took EXCELLENT care of us - arranging reservations, transportation, and limo service.The rooms were very clean, well attended, and quite comfortable.  Another reviewer mentioned noise - we didn't have any negative experiences from that.  You can see the stadium outside the hotel window but, it's not right next door.  We could certainly here stadium noise outside.  It might be a matter of room selection....HINT:  whenever making a hotel reservation, be SURE to explicitly ask for a QUIET room.  The staff know which rooms have the most quiet locations.  If you don't ask, they'll put you in any old room.Also - price wise - this place was quite reasonable compared to other venues around the convention center.Note, I was so happy, I am returning for my next trip to Charlotte in March - will provide a review update at that time.
4	Okay, I came back, based on my previous experience.  This time, I stayed in a 6th floor room, overlooking the main road and right across from the NASCAR museum.  As noted by another reviewer, these rooms catch A LOT of street noise.  If you are a light sleeper, be sure to bring ear plugs, or ask for a quiet room facing the other direction.  My first stay here, I had a suite with a separate bedroom.  It was very quiet and nice for sleeping.
3	Nice hotel undergoing renovations. Clean, comfortable and a short walking distance from the convention center and NASCAR museum. I'd like to suggest to runners a great route: the fantastic Little Sugar Creek Greenway. Entrance to the greenway is 0.6 miles from the hotel front door. South to McDowell, east one block, then south on E. 3rd St. Just past I-277 you'll see the trail. This trail is 19 miles long. Run south if you're up for a good, long run. It's about 2.5 miles to the center of Freedom Park -- a 5-mile roundtripper!When I asked the front desk for a good running route, they had nothing to suggest. Which is a shame, since this is one of the finest urban trails I have ever run!Enjoy.For more on the greenway, visit: http://bit.ly/IHHB4o
3	Nice hotel. Good beds. Across from NASCAR Hall of Fame.  Did not notice street noise mentioned in other reviews. Self-parking. Decent breakfast.Shares parking garage with Hampton Inn. Not a problem, except confusing car entrance.
4	4 of 4 stars (Excellent, mid-priced hotel).Can't possibly qualify for five stars (only high-end places can).Newly remodeled and contemporary lobby.Fairly small rooms.  Fantastically comfy Herman Miller chair.Good choice for downtown hotel when you don't plan to spend much time in your room.
5	I am giving the HGI 5 stars based on what it is, not compared to other hotels. I have been staying at the Hilton Garden Inn for the last two years; I'm here for business and I fly back and forth every weekend. I have lived through their growing pains, their remodeling, and their re-birth. Right now, the HGI is at the top of their game.The lobby was recently redecorated and has a crisp, modern feel. I liked the old wood-heavy look, but this open-space, airy look is also quite nice. The front desk staff is very friendly although I would love to see the check-in process streamlined. (The Hyatt Andaz has you check in with a personal concierge, and other hotels are completely done on iPads.) The rooms are spacious enough; I usually get a 2-room suite with a jacuzzi. While I rarely use the jacuzzi, I like the second room for the extra space. The hotel maid staff is fantastic. Day after day they do an amazing job of making my place look fresh. On occasion, a maid does forget to replenish coffee or leave conditioner in the bath, but a call to the front desk fixes that.Unlike some who complain, I like the location of the hotel. It's off the main strip, but only takes a 5 minute stroll in this very walkable and safe city. Within minutes I'm at the Mint Museum, at the Epicenter for a movie, relaxing on the Green, or in a number of great restaurants.Speaking of restaurants, the HGI on-site restaurant is quite good. The selections change several times a year and everything is delicious. A giant helping of hummus for $5? Yes, please. Fresh fish? Excellent.There's free on-site laundry which is worth staying here alone. The fitness center is small, but this is a hotel (and a budget one at that), not a Gold's Gym (which is a few blocks over.) Regulating temperatures in the room can be tricky depending on what kind of thermostat your room(s) have. The WiFi issues seem to have been resolved, thanks to lots of complaining and that the Democratic National Convention came through last year. Yes, the street can be a little noisy with a siren from time to time, but I'm from Cleveland. I sleep better with noise.Tip: Ask for a room that looks over the NASCAR museum. The lights on the building coupled with the lights on the Duke Energy Tower are a lot of fun.
5	Couldn't really ask for more: free wifi, clean and spacious rooms, conveniently located next to the convention center. The pleasant bonus was the complimentary shuttles that ferry you around the area. Yeah! That was cool. But the front desk and the shuttle drivers were all very pleasant individuals willing to do whatever I needed. That kind of service made it a wonderful experience.
4	Very nice hotel; super friendly staff!  The lobby is impressively layed out and quite enviting to linger around and just relax.  For this trip, we treated ourselves to a lovely corner suite and could not have been happier; our vista view of the gorgeous Uptown Charlotte skyline was truely a treat.  For the dollar value, you can not do much better in Charlotte.
5	After spending 3 cold and rainy days camping in a field with hundreds of people and terrible restroom facilities, this hotel was paradise.  We stayed in a king room with a whirlpool tub.  The tub was in the bedroom, but there was also a shower and regular bathtub in the bathroom.  I hadn't properly bathed in days, so the whirlpool bath was one of the best baths I've ever had in my life.Service was outstanding.  Self parking is $10 a night and valet is only $15.  The room was clean and large.  The food we ordered from room service was some of the best hotel food I have had.  The portion size of the vegetable tortellini I ordered was enough to feed a family of six.  We had leftovers for breakfast the next day and over half of it was still left.The hotel is in a great location with easy access.  The rooms are a little dated, but I was totally satisfied with my stay.
3	Pay over 100 per night and still expect me to pay $10 bucks to park? Not again! Decent rooms, but not much different than a $60 room in a Days Inn
3	Convenient. Friendly. Clean.I liked this hotel. We checked in for the Beyonce concert and surprisingly were upgraded to the executive suite for free. I didn't request this so I was a caught a bit off guard and sadly, we had no view - I believe if the suite was on a higher floor, I would've been much more pleased because of the view. I also am glad there weren't more of us because we would've been SOL. Parking was limited, they said because of the amount of people going to the concert. I liked the people working there, but I think that's customary for NC. Everyone is so darn nice!!! I also had the brunch in the morning and it was worth the $10.95 if you want to eat and then just hit the road or lounge a little longer. Checkout at 12pm was also a plus. Also, the shuttle was VERY helpful. Location was also very good for what I needed. Not sure about the WI-FI we didn't need to use it but we did use the business center. Beware - you can't download, which I understand but we NEEDED our tickets!!! I had to find a shortcut way to do that. Torn between 3 and 4 went with 3 would like to do a 3.5.
4	Great staff. Average rooms. Very clean.
3	(Stayed for a business convention)-Very pleasant staff at front desk. -Decent free cookies available in lobby.-Tasty free coffee in lobby.-Close to the Convention Center.-Close to Nascar HOF-Comfy pillows in the very large suite-Did not like the stench on the lower level by the restaurant that follows you in the hallways in the elevator and almost to my 3rd floor room(Smelled like old stale grease/ cafeteria cooking.)-I would prob try another hotel next time I'm in Charlotte just to see some comparison.
3	Pros: - good location, - friendly staff, - affordable parking,- great shuttle option which will drive you within 3 miles of the hotelCons: - the room was a bit stuffy and there wasn't a fan in the bathroom so it got really humid,- the coffee is terrible. In the room there is a keurig, but it made terrible coffee, and the coffee in the lobby was also bad,- breakfast is expensive for what it is. Basic breakfast food for $12.99. We only stayed a night, so it was easy to deal with these small issues, but I'd shop around before I stayed here again.
5	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 5/21-5/28/14 for the NASCAR races.  The hotel was very clean and the staff was very good.  The room was made up clean every day much to our satisfaction.  We ate breakfast here most days and the staff in the restaurant area were very prompt and friendly.  We stayed here because of the location across the street from the Nascar Hall of Fame and it's proximity to the downtown area.  We were also right across from the Speed Street street fair, very nice.  The close proximity to the highways worked out well as we made it a point to visit South Carolina as well as other areas of North Carolina.  I recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Charlotte for business or pleasure.  The only ding, if I may, is the parking which is a little limited and there is a nominal daily fee.  There was one day that the hotel appeared to sell out and we had to park in the adjacent open lot.
4	This hotel is in a good location, right next door to the NASCAR Hall of Fame, and one block away from the convention center. I had a nice two room suite on the 9th floor (so I can't confirm or deny the comments about the stench on the lower floors). The room was clean and comfortable and there was a nice jacuzzi tub in the bedroom. All the staff i encountered were friendly and helpful. i will say that it was a little bit of a walk to get to the "heart of the action" in uptown Charlotte..not too far, but in the 90 degree weather a slightly sweaty walk :-)I will agree with the other reviewer that said the coffee was terrible..i agree whole heartedly, but since there are so many nice coffee shops in uptown charlotte there are other choices. All in all a solid choice to stay.Park yourself and save the $15
5	There are two things that are important to me in a hotel: cleanliness and service. This hotel meets both those criteria as my room was spotless upon arrival and they let me check-in at 10:30 am (standard time is 3 pm). It is very centrally located - literal overlooks the NASCAR museum (not that I would ever go there). Valet parking is $15, but it is easier to self-park for $10 as the garage connects to the hotel on floors 4 and 5.
5	Very nice room with views of downtown Charlotte.  Next door to the NASCAR Hall of Fame.  We had tickets to the Panther/Bear game, which is a hop skip jump from the stadium.  The rooms are clean and comfortable.  Staff is very nice and personable.  Parking is reasonable with easy access.  Free coffee/cookies in lobby.
5	I was in Charlotte for a class and stayed here. It was really nice, and the staff was great! I had never stayed alone in a hotel and got upset while eating in their restaurant and the wait staff took care of my meal! It was so nice! I can't say enough nice things about them! They made my trip better and made me feel so welcome! I'd definitely stay there again!
4	Nice hotel close to everything downtown.  Shuttle service (complimentary) can take you anywhere in the city (but not the airport).    They have a nice cook-to-order breakfast option for $10.95, and a decent drink/good menu for dinner.  Rates are much more reasonable than hotels just a few blocks closer to the city center.Hampton Inn is just across the parking ramp... Easy to get between the two buildings.
5	The hotel just got done with refurbishing and it looks great. The lobby was very professional looking. The room was clean and comfortable. Amazing view. Probably one of the best hotels I've stayed in. The cable system was the only drawback but we are on vacation, no time for television.
