3	This restaurant is very pretty and the drinks were yummy. The decor was great and the chandeliers were actual Swarovsky cristals. Eventhough this place was very pretty I was surprised to see the restroom was not. For food I ordered the Paella which was not that good. My friends all ordered steak and it looked great maybe I should of ordered the steak :/
3	Beso is a Mexican-style restaurant with happy servers! I just love the aura and feel to the place- it is just so gorgeous! My friends and I went on a random night before we were to head to a local club, because we were offered a complementary dinner, so we did not get to choose what to eat.  In this complementary dinner though, it included guacamole dip and chips (the best guacamole dip I have ever tried!), ribeye steak covered in horseradish, and caesar salad. The rest of the entree was not necessarily the best of all time, but it was worth the stay and eat! I hopefully will go in and try something on the menu that I choose, so until then, stay in tuned!
5	Don't believe the bad reviews, we went in on a Thursday evening around 7pm and were seated quick, albeit no one was there,but the staff was verrrry pleasant. Our waiter Ahmed was so nice and welcoming. He recommended the 20oz Kansas City strip ($52) and a strawbellini ($15), of course we went in for the famous guacamole ($10) which was fabulous, anyway the steak and drink were so amazing. The meat melted in your mouth with this amazing taste of meat, I mean it was so good no words can describe it! We also ordered the asparagus ala carte ($10) and it had a very pleasant butter flavor to it. Anyway just want to say you have to try the food not because it's owned by a celeb but because you have to try something exciting in Vegas and this is it! If you get Ahmed he will be the best server!!
4	Beso: The Spanish word for "kiss"This hidden restaurant within CityCenter,  was inspired by Eva Longoria Parker :DHours of operation:Dining Room/PatioSun-Thurs 5:30pm-11pmFri & Sat 5:30pm-Midnight LoungeSun-Thurs 5:30pm-11pmWed-Sat 5:30pm-2amTo get this started, I first would like to brag about this "comp" dinner my lady friends & I had ;)We had reservations at 9:30pm & they wouldn't allow us to sit until the whole group arrived.When we finally got to the table, we all could not help but adore the well-designed restaurant, especially, the gorgeous custom-designed crystal chandelier.On the other hand, our server was ready to greet us, and prepared us with a brief description of our comp dinner...Appetizer: Eva's Avocado Guacamole w/ crispy tortilla chips (best I've ever tried!!!! Yum yum Yum)Entree:  Their version of strip steak w/ horseradish creamy sauce & roast potatoes (not really a full order on the menu, since this was a comp dinner) but was very tasty, yet small portions where given. Salad: Cesar salad (simply what it would normally be) great with the steak we had.As you can see, these three selections above, looks a bit too minimal, and to tell you the truth, I wanted more! But in the end, I had a full tummy  & smile for the free food I just had eaten. "free food tastes even better"My overall experienced was well-appreciated, somewhat disappointing with portion, but satisfying with keeping our money in our wallets ;)Maybe next time, I could actually order from the menu & get the real deal ;)
5	Came to Besso based on what my gf's recommendation that it won best new restaurant in 09/10'.The ambiance is impeccable, beautiful crystal chandler and very romanical and dark or loungy.   Service right off the bat was top knotch, you have 2 waiters at all times and your food comes out incredibly fast.  They were all extremly attentive and helpful.  The bread plate was AWESOME, all fresh baked different types with this hawaiin sea salt butter, it was money.For the app we have the guac and chips, they too were very good, both were fresh and a good started.  We both ended up having the petite filet for dinner with was cooked to absolute perfection!  The sides were got were truffle white chedder mac n cheese, it was unreal and asparagus which was also execellent. Wish we could have had dessert - place was outstanding in all aspects. I will be making a reservation upon my return
3	The food was amazing! Hands down a great meal, but the service sucked. At one point our server asked us a question while he walked by...but he never stopped walking! It just didn't have the feel of a 4 or 5 star restaurant.
3	Nothing wrong with Beso.  Cuts of meats are very good, guacamole does not disappoint.   The energy in the room is good, service was very good.  WIne list is outstanding.  I have heard mixed things, but is worth trying!
5	Went to vegas for my friend's birthday and made reservations at Beso on a night that also happened to be Eva's birthday. The service was fantastic, everyone was so attentive that you would have thought we were  the only ones there (but we were not). Thought it was weird that we weren't given a menu but then Chad, the restaurant manager came over and sat down with us, suggesting the sangria, which was amazing and then told us that we were to have a chef's selected tasting menu.  Each course (there were 5) was served and introduced by the executive chef Matt P who also came over to sit down and chat periodically throughout the evening. There was so much amazing food that we couldn't finish it all! 1st up- Eva's signature guacamole it was amazing and served with spicy habanero chips. 2nd was a crab cake with a little bit of caviar on top which was light and simple so the crab was highlighted and not hidden by fillers.  3rd up was a rare ahi tuna lightly seasoned and served over stone ground grits. 4th was a split dish with the seared snapper served over a cauliflower puree and topped with crispy potato strips paired with the braised shortrib which was soaked overnight in red wine then slow cooked for 6 (or was it 8) hours served over mashed potatoes and topped with a maitake mushroom. Both of these were fantastic! The fish was perfectly cooked with a nice crispy exterior and the short rib was so tender it just fell apart when touched with the fork and melted in my mouth. After a short break (to allow this all to settle) Matt brought us the best brownie I have ever had (despite his claims that his brownies suck)!! Apparently he had some help with this recipe and there is a layer of caramel in the middle which gives it a souffle sort of texture... it was warm and gooey in the middle topped with vanilla bean ice cream and accompanied by 2 mini churros and vanilla whipped cream. To top it all off our meal was paid for by man who had overheard our plans the night before and introduced us to Matt and Chad and promised us a memorable meal...   Johnny E did not disappoint... thank you for a meal to remember!!
5	My wife and I had a couple of drinks at Beso for my 40th Birthday.   My martinis were very generous and beautifully prepared.   My wife's Manhattans tasted way yummy with dark and crispy black cherries.You know the coolest thing, though?   Apparently Eva Longoria and I both have the same Birthday!   W00t!
4	Beso is located in Crystals shopping mall next to Aria. First of all, good service. We were seated promptly and immediately given the wine list and everything came out very quickly. Surprisingly quick. Beso ranges in the upper $20s to $50s for entrees so with tip and tax you'll be paying about $75 a person if you want drinks and sides.We ordered the oyster shooters (they're not alcoholic) and there were very good. I preferred the tomato gazpacho oyster shooter. For entrees we had both the tuna and the salmon. Both were wonderfully prepared and the portions were not small. You have to order sides separately, but they are very large sharing portions. The wild mushrooms side was $11 and way too large for two people to consume. Somehow we had room for dessert after seeing the dessert menu. The churros were simply amazing with a caramel sauce and creme. I still don't know how we managed to eat all six of them.The bathroom is upstairs are requires taking an elevator and walking through the night club. There's an outside patio seating area as well as a dining room. The dining room is not too large and the booths are comfortable. Our table had a nice view of the Aria's fountain and even New York, New York's fake Empire State Building, so if I squinted just right I felt like I was back home eating at the W's Zylo Steakhouse.
2	Food was mediocre and expensive. Our waiter acted like he couldn't be bothered by us even though we spent a lot of money. This was our most disapointing outing in our Vegas trip.
5	Birthday celebrations should be done up big and Beso definitely fits that description. From their signature cocktails to the food, very little disappoints. It was a friends birthday and she wanted to come to Beso then followed by a night of dancing up at Eve. This is definitely her right with the world ending and all.We got their at 9pm and half of our group was running late, so we sat at the bar for a few cocktails. The Raspberry Beso is a definite must get for anyone who loves this berry, because it is has two types of raspberry liquors and fresh berries muddled in. The Cosmic Ginger was also a fine choice. I am a big fan of this root and it does not disappoint. The BBO was a blood orange centered drink, but was overpowered by the alcohol. My favorite was the Pear and Elderberry Sangria. It was a light white wine base with mellow flavors. All of these handcrafted drinks cost $15.When the rest of the party did show up, we ordered everything family style. Not too long after settling, orders of the paella balls, Eva's guacamole, seared crab cakes, olives and shaved almonds came out. As my friends would say, the guac was legit. The pure avocado goodness was balanced with no flavor being too strong. When breaking the crab cakes you could see the defined chunks of meat instead of a mass of unidentifiable mystery substance. The paella bites were my favorite. They were crisp on on the outside and soft in the center. This is an ingenious way to give the guest that crispy bottom of the pan feeling in every bite.For entrees we got the chili rubbed skirt steak, salmon, pan seared chicken, and seared ahi tuna. The sides consisted of mac and cheese, house mash potatoes, and asparagus. The star of the dinner was the steak. Although it was the cheapest cut on the whole menu, it was tender and bursting with flavor. Even if price was not a factor, I would have ordered it again. The sides were all very good, but the mac and cheese was the best. It was creamy and decadent. I only allowed myself a few bites because it is a slippery slop to heaping scoops.For dessert, we got the churros, a banana creme brulee, and the chocolate cake. Fried dough and sugary is never a mistake right? Especially at Beso. They were light, soft and better than any churro I have ever had. They came with a caramel sauce and whipped cream for dipping. It is not a suggestion. The creme brulee was good, just not as noteworthy. The chocolate cake, on the other hand, struck a up a negative reaction. It was salty on it's own, but when paired with the ice cream it was a nice mix of sweet and salty like caramel, but you do not get too much of the frozen delight, so it went mainly uneaten.  This is a great restaurant to impress a date. The atmosphere is romantic yet clubby for a modern and sheik clientele.
5	What a wonderful spot in Vegas.  We came here last night because one of our promoters John hooked us up with a complimentary dinner.  We had guacamole and nachos, carne asada tacos (DELISH), churros with caramel dip and champagne.  We were even given comp drink tickets for Eve nightclub upstairs that we unfortunately could not use since we were on our way to XS after dinner.  Even though our meal was complimentary, service was exquisite.  Our server made it a point to always checkup on us and was a total sweetheart!  I will def be back next time I am in Vegas to try out the real deal.
3	I would've probably given the place one more star if they didn't try to trick us because we used a TravelZoo deal. And yet, I'm also not dinging them more starts because our waiter was so nice and tried his best to make up for the deal's shortcomings.The restaurant itself is gorgeous. Situated at Crystals (the new shopping center beside the Aria), Beso is definitely in a prime spot. The restaurant's interior was very elegant and intimate and the table setting was very classy. Overall, I give the place an A+ for its aesthetic appeal.As we were seated, we were given a glass of champagne to start as part of the deal, but it took around 15 minutes before we were given a menu to choose from. Our waiter was nice but we were a bit disappointed to learn that first of all, there was no foie gras "available" -- something that I had been waiting to try. I don't know if they ran out of it that night or they just did not offer it to us because we had a voucher. Additionally, our voucher indicated that we could order a main course of $54 and under. When we initially looked at the menu prior to purchasing the voucher, the Prime Rib fit the price restriction. However, when we were going over the menu at the restaurant, to our surprise and disappointment, the restaurant had "updated" its menu and we were not allowed to have the prime rib even when we offered to pay for the difference. Last disappointment on the voucher was the dessert. We were looking forward to having the chocolate cake and learned at the end of our meal that you actually didn't have a choice to pick from. The only option was the churros.However, when we did get our meal, everything was delicious. We had beef tartare and chile rellenos to begin with -- chili was fine but the beef tartare was really good. For the main course, we had filet mignon and the short rib. The meat on both were so tender and the short rib was falling off the bone. If you come here, I would recommend getting those two dishes. As for dessert, the waiter ended up giving us both the churros and the chocolate cake because we pushed for it. However, I would pass on both -- churros was stale and dry and the chocolate cake was too dense and sweet!Overall, the company and our wait staff salvaged the night. We did end up having a great time and were even given two complimentary shots! You have to ask for the Raspberry Beso and Watermelon Vodka -- A+ in my book! So when you come in to Beso with a voucher, make sure to reset your expectations. And if you've willing to drop the $$$ I am most certain that the restaurant can meet high expectations as well.
4	I was mere millimeters from giving this place 3 stars had it not been for our busser and the 22oz bone-in ribeye steak.We ate dinner here our first night we arrived in Vegas.  So we all know that this restaurant was started by Eva Longoria, but did you also know that Todd English helped her make her dream of opening a Latino-inspired steakhouse real?  Yep, that's right.  I don't even know if Eva Longoria can cook, and if she does, can she even cook well?  I know, I know.  Who cares, right?  Just wanted to throw it out there... Bravo to Executive Chef, Matt Piekarski, for making such an awesome ribeye by the way!Dinner started off with a complimentary basket of assorted bread and butter sprinkled with BLACK SALT.  Pause...Salivate..Take it in.  Yes, BLACK SALT!  It was DELICIOUS!!!  Next...Here's what we ordered:For our appetizer we had Eva's Guacamole and Ceviche.  Now, the guacamole surely was NOT worth $10.  ANYBODY can make guacamole better than that.  It lacked a lot of flavor.  The ceviche?! Okay, so maybe tiger prawns were the basis of the dish, however, it was wayyyyyy to fishy-tasting and fishy-smelling.  FRESH shrimp is one thing, but FISHY shrimp?? Yuck.  Not impressed.  Also, the chips that were served alongside the guacamole and ceviche were so thin! Wtf is up with that?? Couldn't even scoop either without breaking our chips every time!  ANNOYING.  Get your chips straight!  Geez!  So our appetizers....EPIC FAIL.  At this point, I'm not impressed (except for that butter with black salt...YUM).  Let's move on.For our entrees, we had the Striped Bass and the Bone In 22oz Ribeye.  For our side dishes, we had the Garlic Mashed Potatoes and the Green Beans.  The entrees were what saved this place from getting 3 stars (oh and are FABULOUS BUSSER).  The striped bass was cooked perfectly.  The skin was seared and crispy, and the flesh was soft and buttery!  The fish was served atop a cauliflower puree (soo yummy), and the whole dish was drizzles with a cashew sauce (flavorful and light).  We ordered the ribeye medium-rare, and can I just say?  This ribeye was THE BEST ribeye I have ever had!  Perfectly cooked, it was tender, juicy, and FULL of flavor!  The steak came with a side of grilled/charred peppers - bell peppers and spicy peppers - a perfect balance in my book.The side of garlic mashed potatoes was divine.  It was golden, creamy, not tooooo garlicky, and all around a perfect accompaniment to our dinner.  The side of green beans couldn't have been better.  They still had that crunch, not overcooked at all.  Also, I couldn't quite make out the flavor, but I tasted a hint of maple in the green beans.  Maybe it had a maple-butter sauce??  Not sure, but whatever it was, the green beans were sweet and salty.  A lovely combination!  I love sweet 'n salty things!Our waiter.  Douche.  Okay 95% douche. He spent SO LITTLE TIME asking how our meal was.  He was also extremely impatient taking our orders.  He spent so much time flirting with a party of 4 girls at a nearby table, who didn't even order anything and walked out of the restaurant by the way!!  Anyway, our bussboy was awesome!  He came back frequently to check if we needed anything and filled our drinks often.  We tipped him more than our waiter (and rightfully so might I add)!The decor is gorgeous.  Dimmed lighting, crystal chandeliers, dark wood panels, beautiful flower arrangements.  So trendy and posh.  Loved it.Reservations and semi-formal attire are highly recommended!
4	The address listed here is wrong, so I couldn't check in when I was there because it kept telling me that I was too far from there even though I was sitting inside the restaurant. But the food was awesome... Everything was prepared perfectly. The meat was very tender and juicy.  It was definitely worth it!
3	I actually would probably rate this place more like 2.5 stars, but I thought I'd be nice and round up.  So I came here with my boyfriend and another couple for my 30th bday dinner.  Both couples had purchased travelzoo vouchers for a fancy smancy 3 course meal (appetizer w/champagne, main dish, dessert).  It was also supposed to include VIP voucher to the club upstairs, owned by Eva Longoria too.  Anyhow we get seated, bread and champagne came out...so far so good.  Then the waiter goes over the very strict menu choices for the voucher.  We kinda expected there would be some restrictions but it was a little excessive.  Anyhow we order and then ask our waiter about the nightclub passes.  He proceeds to hum and ha and tell us that the nightclub closed the week prior! WTF! Although a fib, we proceeded to act very upset about that and said that our night (and my very special b-day party) was revolving around going to that club, in hopes that they would somehow hook us up with SOMETHING. (We actually had other plans after dinner but THEY didn't know that lol).  Anyhow the waiter  says " Let me get my manager and we'll see what we can do."  So dinner comes and yes it was a perfect filet, and then they bring out the desert which was glorified churros ( They were still okay so we ate em up of course).  Then the manager finally comes over and says he's gonna hook us up big time to get VIP passes into Aria's Gold lounge and also give us 2 for 1 drink tickets.  He also said we had the option of paying $10 for the girls or $20 for the guys and having open bar unti midnight.  So we were thinking... "alright, this is cool...they are sooo hooking us up!"  HA!  After dinner we went over to Aria, and as we are walking through the casino there are promoter guys handing out the SAME PASSES that the Beso manager gave us like they were candy! We all were laughing about it, but it's still kinda effed up that they were pretending to go out of their way to make up for the lousy voucher and they didn't go out of their way at all!  What ev!  Yeah the food was good, but not mind-blowing.  The restaurant was beautiful but everything felt way too snooty for my liking.
4	Bucking the trend of celebrity endorsed/major investor/co-branding overhype gone wrong, Beso can legitimately affirm its culinary (semi-)prowess in the nouveau latin arena (=overpriced guacamole and mixing truffles with tacos). Damn--that statement was wayy too formal but there are very few semi-upscale places that you can bring a hungover (from daytime sunstroke mixed with poolside drinking) crowd that's gonna leave happy and full! Whether or not Eva Longoria ACTUALLY had anything to do with the conception of this restaurant from aesthetic design/concept to the menu, I'd have to say she, or probably her workhorse *team*, did a great job with the setup without introducing any visible celebrity gaudiness! Keep in mind the experience is much better with a large group than a dinner for two. And the only reason why I say that is the average party size seems to be about 6 (unless you're sitting at the bar alone wallowing in your gambling loss induced misery). A word of caution here to vegetarians, the pickings are few and far between. This place, whether or not it sells itself as such, is pretty much an 'alternative' steakhouse. Sure you can order a nice pan roasted filet of Salmon or half chicken, but you're better off opting for a rib eye or filet. And, being a lover of a decent steak, I ordered the latter which did not disappoint. Standouts*Beso Beso Salad -- there's something about a really good champagne vinaigrette that had me ordering this twice!*Pea Soup -- I kid you not, this is actually amazing without putting me in a 'geriatric' state of mind. A little on the heavy side, but is really done justice!*Tortilla Soup -- another winner. Not a single thing wrong with this!*Lobster Mac & Cheese -- decadence and MAJOR calories in a small plate. Forget about the club, you're going straight to sleep after this one...*Wild Mushrooms -- tell the waiter easy on the salt, and you have the perfect accompaniment for your steak Other than the fact that a side of 'creative' rice and beans (or something else characteristically LATIN) or some different sauces should be added to the menu, this perfectly fits the bill as a trendy steakhouse.Trendy in Vegas = younger clientele, better looking women, expansive drink offerings, and more upbeat music If you're looking for a creative take on Latin cuisine, Mesa Grill (in Caesar's) is the place for you.
2	What happened? We ate here last June and it was excellent. We came back this September and it was a different story. I had read recent reviews and thought surely not. So what went wrong?S....L.....O......W service. People that had ordered after us were getting their food before us.  I thought ok I'll just enjoy the company and be patient but when the food showed up it was cold.  The lobster mac&cheese tasted funny and had too much garlic ( also could barely find any lobster) so I had a few bites and left it alone. We told the waiter we didn't want it and it looked untouched but he made no comment and did not inquire as to why.  Unfortunately, I woke up at 4 am with nausea, cold sweats, severe abdominal cramps and diarrhea. Not a fun night or next day.  The only thing I had different from my spouse was the mac & cheese. I did not eat anywhere else that night.  So much for an approx. $250 meal. Also, my spouses glass stayed empty way too long despite a request for a refill. At Delmonico you don't even ask for a refill - it just happens.2 stars for ambiance.
4	Located right of outside Aria, I just have to say this is such a beautiful place! The interior is amazing. I was really happy with the ambiance upon arrival. A couple of us went here our first night in Vegas with a deal from Travelzoo that allowed us to share an appetizer, have two entrees under $45, two glasses of champagne, and a desert. It was definitely worth what we paid for. Our waiter was super nice and was very attentive. The steaks were given at a generous portion and the meat was very tender. Overall, very happy with my experience here. Also, get the raspberry cocktail! So yummy.
3	This is the trend so I had to go with it.  The serious furniture and dark  atmosphere gives a regal feeling.  The service is attentive.All is well with food around the table at our business dinner.  The clients are happy ordering another bottle of wine and deserts.  The pain is the bill.  Honestly if it was my own money I would never have come here.  The issue here is everything is dressed up so pretty but I am not sure what exactly we are paying over the top for.  It's Vegas.
4	This place is great, especially if you happen to be in the area.  I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to eat here...  The atmostphere is fantastic.  The wait to sit and for food can be a bit long, but if you have the right company you will be fine!  Great drink options, bread, and sides!  We had the Lamb and mac-n-cheese and enjoyed both.  The lamb chops were small but perfect if you're not starving!
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Beso! I went with 3 other people and upon being seated, they asked if we were there celebrating anything (at the end they brought out churros served with vanilla ice cream - YUM!) Beso has quite an extensive wine list, from which we selected a delightful Californian Zinfandel.Appetizers were tasty but I was disappointed with the (extremely) small portion of the guacamole and ceviche. The Beso-version of the mozzarella caprese was flavorful but my one friend didn't enjoy it. The bread they brought out to the table was fantastic (I LOVE me some carbs!!)For dinner I had one of the fish specials (totally forget what kind of fish it was) and I remember thoroughly enjoying it. Someone ordered the short ribs and commented on them being rather dry.All in all, I thought the meal was very good. I left feeling very full after 3 courses, which in Vegas, can sometimes be a challenge. You know how sometimes you pay a buttload of $ to get small meager portions? Aside from the guac and ceviche early on, I thought portion sizes were fair. The service was attentive and we never felt rushed. It was a very relaxing, luxurious dinner. I would definitely recommend Beso for the food and also for the sexy atmosphere.
5	I was not expecting a whole lot walking in here, since celebrity-owned spots are not usually great. But I was definitely pleasantly surprised. I came with two girlfriends, we made reservations early so we would have plenty of time to catch the Zumanity show at New York New YorkWe were seated immediately at a center table. One of my friends asked if we could be moved to a booth and we were quickly accommodated with no hassles. Our waiter was Ahmed and he was fabulous. We never had empty glasses :)I ordered the petite filet which was perfectly cooked. My knife sliced through it like butter. And the flavor....to die for! I ordered the orange glazed carrots as a side and they were so yummy!! It was definitely enough to share with my two friends, who also loved themMy friend ordered the cucumber margarita, which was yummy. I stuck to Coke since I don't like to drink with my meals. We were also comped a nice churro dessert since we were there for my buddy's bdayI can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can eat here again!!
4	We just wandered in famished from perusing the strip and found this happy hour gem! It is very pretty inside - you'll definitely feel like one of the beatiful people and if your experience is anything like ours, you'll be treated like one too!We sipped on very tall white cosmos and nibbled on fresh guacamole and stuffed fried peppers.  Both appetizers were delicious and definitely worth their happy hour price tag.  The bartender/cocktail girl was extremely pleasant and friendly and made us feel super welcome. Happy hour is as far as we made it but I would gladly return for another late afternoon nosh.
4	I had purchased a Travel Zoo certificate for Beso Steakhouse and it was well worth it!This restaurant is located just inside Crystal's at City Center. There is patio seating which looks like it would be wonderful in spring or fall...too cold now :)The wait staff was VERY friendly and attentive. I was concerned that since we were "certificate/deal" patrons, our server might be irritated and expecting a bad tip which would make him give bad service but that was not the case, in fact quite the opposite.  We started with the highly recommended Foie Gras. As previously reviewed it was excellent!Next up I had the Beso Beso Salad - the vinaigrette was excellent! Husband had the Seafood Louie which was also VERY good. For the main course I had the Colorado Lamb - medium. Very good flavor, perfectly cooked, large portion (two chops). Husband had the 16 oz Ribeye. The crust/seasoning on this steak was awesome. Melt in your mouth!For side dishes we (in addition to our certificate) ordered the mashed potatoes and creamy spinach - two traditional steak house favorites done right. Nothing to complain about, but nothing overly amazing or different. Desert was some kind of Dulce de Leche ice cream with chocolate chunks and churro pieces. Yum!Overall the experience was wonderful. It was a pleasant way to try a new restaurant for a reasonable price. I would highly recommend Beso to friends, family and visitors to the city.
4	The food was very good. I had the Beso Beso salad and the lamb, but I would not say that it was worth the money. The portion sizes were decent. I just hate it when the portions are too big since you came in to dine and not to buy food to bring home.The ambiance and set up is beautiful and classy, but the music is loud. Also, the staff were very attentive and quick. We, party of 10, did not have to wait too long for our food or any service. What I thought was cool was how I could see that the menu reflects Eva's cooking. I have not eaten at Eva's house, but she describes her cooking in Piers Morgan's interview on CNN where she did not mention this restaurant.
4	Will come back in September definitely enjoyed the drinks...
4	I was craving steak something fierce, and we were staying at Aria, so hubby and I chose Beso for dinner. No problems getting a reservation on a Sunday night-I think we were there around 7 or 7:30pm. Not many people in there at all-maybe us and 5 other tables. Anyways, it's dark and romantical, and best of all-on the menu is a porterhouse for 2. There's nothing I love more than a juicy porterhouse, so hubby and I ordered that, along with green beans (why bother?) and au gratin potatoes for sides. Holy crap. First of all, the porterhouse was amazing!! They bring it to you already sliced off the bone, which is perfect for when I'm inhaling meat and trying not to get my party clothes dirty. I didn't eat the green beans, but hubby said it was a waste of $8. But the au gratin potatoes??? OMG. Get them.  They were hot, cheesy, potato-y, and delicious!!! Seriously, we raved about them and kept waiting for the other to show weakness aka a full stomach, so the other could finish them off. They are so freaking good.Service was good, and ohhhh, those potatoes....
1	Except the tortilla soup which was excellent, everything else absolutely sucked!   As a person who appreciates and enjoys food and tries out new restaurants all the time specifically in Las Vegas, I am pretty surprised to see a restaurant in a great location and with a famous owner be so bad.The medium filet minion was burned on the outside and dry like cotton on the inside.  The scallops were way too salty and dry as well.  The wild mushrooms and the Au Gratin potatoes were just terrible (more like Friday's).   I guess we should have known how the night was going to turn out after eating the tasteless bread and butter.  Perhaps they had the wrong people in the kitchen on a slow Tuesday night in Vegas because the restaurant was only a fifth full but the service was slooooow!  Anyway, they took the Fillet off the bill since we did not eat it but it stated on the bill that "customer did not like".  I would be happy with that if I ate say an ethnic dish and I was not appreciative of the flavors or something like that.  But how the hell do you screw up a Filet Mignon in a steakhouse?  And then put it on the customer?  Really?Hey Eva, at least take responsibility and add a line on the bill that says "our food sucked"!
5	Food was wonderful, presentation was extravegant, decore was aesthetically pleasing - I want to steal their tables for my hostel! The steak was delicious, portions generous - lots of leftovers. Killer service - our waiter & other staff were very attentive & chef & general manager came out to see that everything was up to snuff - it was!
4	Great Vibe! Great Bar! Great Crowd!I have been wanting to try this place for awhile and a friend finally took me :). No reservation, No problem (even on a Saturday Night)! It was crowded with pretentious wannabes, but who cares I went for the food! Drinks were strong and just the perfect amount of alki - Sangria was phenomenal. Mojito was refreshing.Brought a bread basket with a few different types of bread that were delish!We ordered the guacamole to start off with and they make it fresh right in front you you. Tastes INCREDIBLE!My friend ordered the Samon...winner!I wanted the paella but the server advised me against it and to go with the halibut. Hesitantly i did. It was good, but not great. Next time I'll listen to my ownself. Service was meh. Young good looking guy who seemed like he was in a rush to bounce and go clubbing...maybe thats why the food came out so fast. Ambiance is dramatic and classy, yet elegant at the same time. All in all I would def go again. Presentation was an A+ from food to decore!
5	I'm at a payphone trying to call homeAll of my change i've spent on youWhere are the times gone babyIt's all wrong, we're at the place we made for two at... BESO! - Maroon 5 (payphone)I'm so glad i chose this place for my final night in vegas. This sounds funny but being from LA, I knew this restaurant was eva longoria's and i like celeb names connected to restaurants so naturally i was 'desperate' to come here LOL! Coming here as it is a steakhouse, it makes perfect sense to order a steak. I got the rib eye cut because of its size based on the rest of the menu. I ordered it with truffle mashed potatoes on the side and i was so very pleased. It was cooked perfectly to me and tasted absolutely wonderful. I knew when I had my first bite of this fine piece of meat that i was going to finish it all, and that's exactly what i did. I commend them for their excellent service as well. The best part (besides the excellent food and service) was as much as I had eaten, I felt amazing the rest of the night!Food: 5 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 4.5 stars
5	What a great find, the food is great especially the steaks as you would expect. The wine and cocktail list is very unique coming on an iPad for you to browse this has to be a first well it was for me. Decor and service excellent I would totally recommend this restaurant
3	Went to Beso with a co-worker while at a trade show. It was a Monday night and the place was about 80% empty so ambiance didn't feel great. On the plus side, the restaurant has a great view of the water fountain/main entrance at Aria which is cool at night.The food was solid, but not spectacular. The friend calamari appetizer was really good but my petite filet steak was just average. In addition I had ordered it with the blue cheese crust but they forget to serve it with it. When I pointed it out, they just threw some melted blue cheese on top. Not impressed. I ordered the herb fries as my side dish and they were pretty solid I must admit.Overall, I would say that Beso was fine but I think you can find better steak places.
5	We've eaten years 3 times: the first shortly after opening was great, then not-so-good last fall, and recently last week. Our latest visit was EXCELLENT!!!.  We ate at Delmonico and Gordon Ramsey last week and both were lacking compared to Beso.  Our steaks at Beso were the tenderest and best flavored by far.  The service and ambiance were outstanding! Thanks again Beso!
4	I've been here in 2010 and came back again this past April. This place has a certain touch to it that makes it a great place. Besides it being owned by Eva Longoria, I think the drinks and the service speaks for itself. I don't watch Desperate Housewives and I don't care for celebrities so Eva Longoria has nothing to do with why we came here. It was just located right off of our hotel, Aria, so that was why we tried it the first time. This place is open late for late happy hour and come in earlier for dinner. The food is definitely delicious, not 5 stars worth, but still good.
5	OMG...best steak I've ever had. We went there 2 days in a row. The mushroom side is awesome. The steak was cooked just right and it melted in my mouth. The first night we sat at the bar because we had missed out reservation and even though they were willing to accommodate us with a table provided we waited 30 minutes we were just too starved. The bartender was very friendly. The next night we were seated in a table. The ambiance was fabulous. The waiters/bartenders were very friendly. My friend is gluten allergic and they were very accommodating to him. I'm not so much a steak fan but this place changed my views on steak.
4	La carne era fantastica lo staff gentile bello ed educato. Atmosfera romantica. Quasi perfetto
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas. Great drinks (The Pink Kiss is absolutely yummy) and food is delicious. Atmosphere is sexxxy and chic. Service is exceptional -very warm, friendly, and attentive. Will definitely come back on my Vegas trips.
4	Great restaurant. Pretty cool they bring out an iPad as the wine and drinks menu. Do not miss the crab cakes. They are amazing. The steak is above average. If you like horseradish get the side of the horseradish cream.
2	Food was good but not great.  For the prices, the food should be amazing.  However, they did have tasty pretzel bread.  But def not planning to go back.
3	My fiancee and I ate here for our special night out while in Vegas. It was a friday night at 7:30pm. It was not overly crowded, and we were able to get a cozy booth next to the window looking out over the entrance to Aria - very nice view! Our waiter was very nice, so no complaints there. The menu wasn't very extensive or creative. I ordered the bass and my fiancee ordered the boneless ribeye. It was just okay. For the price, I expected excellence. My fiancee's steak was very charred on the outside, but was decent once you got past it. My bass was okay, as well. It just wasn't a spectacular meal. The drinks weren't that great either. We ordered margaritas and they were not worth $17 each. I'm glad we didn't opt for the Eva Margarita at $99 a pop! Overall, the atmosphere was nice and the staff was friendly, but I didn't think the food was that great, especially for the price we paid.
5	best steak ever.
