5	This is such a gem of a location for a wedding or gala. We had an opportunity to tour the facility - and the views alone are breathtaking. In addition, the staff is so friendly and easy to work with. If you're looking for a great place to hold your event (whatever it may be) definitely give the Mountain Preserve Reception Center a call!
5	With many Brides working on a budget it can be hard to have the day of your dreams on a dime, at the Mountain Preserve you can have your wedding cake and eat it too. The outdoor garden center is a true sight to behold both by day and at night. Flanked by sweeping mountain views and the spectacular city skyline your guests will feel as though they stepped into a whole new world dotted with flowers and fountains to set the perfect mood. Their extra large Bridal and Groom Suites comes prepped with a yummy Cheese / Fruit Platter and Champagne giving your guests plenty of room to primp , prep and party for your big day. Once the ceremony is over it is off to the Indoor Reception Center to party the night away with delicious food , a full bar and space for up to 400 of your closest friends and family. Their attentive staff goes above and beyond to help your dreams become a reality.
2	This was the place to be! back in 1983 now time has been harsh to this place. Maintaince issues and rough edges detract from this place.Ceiling  lights missing their covers, Tiles on the outdoor baseboards falling off and covered in over spray from a cheap paint job. Staff wearing tuxedo like clothing that on paper looked good but in reality was wrinkled and a thin facade.The food here too lacked any unique presentation or flavor. The bar did seem to have decent prices, and to add to the class the urinals in the restroom have cup holders so you can bring that drink with you.
3	I was introduced to MPRC in lieu of my company's annual Christmas party. Location is tucked aside a mountain with a view of the city but not exactly in the best of surrounding neighborhoods. We were here during the day so we didn't get those twinkling night time views, which I can imagine are just fabulous! The reception space is outdated but large, especially the outside patio. Buffet food was chicken, prime rib, pasta salad, salad, veggies, mashed potatoes and a roll. The food was fine, just your average banquet hall food. I think for this occasion, the space worked but thinking of it as a reception for a wedding, I wouldn't even go there unless you don't care what your reception space looks like and/or are on a tight budget. There's really nothing special about the space except for the views. Next!
