5	I got in a car accident last October, and went to see Dr. Cocks and Dr. Norman (initially just to get x-rays).  I had never been to a chiropractor before, and honestly didn't think they would be able to help much.  After going through the treatment, I was pain-free, and they even eliminated some of my pain that I thought was "normal"... they taught me, however, that no pain is "normal".  If you want a chiropractor that is not only knowledgeable and skilled, but also friendly, you've got to go to Nevada Spine and Disc.  They have the most advanced treatments out there, and they'll make you feel at home from the beginning.  The whole process was so easy!
5	I was visiting Las Vegas for a week and had a rib go out of place, making it impossible for me to sleep. I tried a more highly rated chiropractor here on Yelp but he didn't put my rib back in despite me making two visits with him.  Then I found Dr. Norman here on Yelp, made a same day appointment and had a fantastic adjustment with him.  He put my rib back in place in no time and adjusted my hips, back and neck as well.  It was fantastic!  I have slept easily the past two nights, and decided to go back for an extra adjustment before I leave town just because Dr. Norman is so good and his staff so friendly and helpful.  Whether you are visiting Las Vegas or live here, I definitely recommend Dr. Norman!
5	Dr Jared Norman is fantastic.  He can do the typical manual adjustments, if that is what you prefer.  For me, I prefer his ProAjuster which checks each vertebrae and then individually adjust them.  His staff is very friendly and professional.  Some chiro offices can feel "stuffy", but this place feels warm and welcoming.Other treatments I have received: Laser therapy on my back, sprained toe, shoulder after surgery (to help rejuvenate & repair cells) and my knees after my marathons.  Unfortunately I'm going to be a life ling patient, between my physically demanding job and my insatiable appetite for being active and torturing my body.  Thankfully I have Dr. Norman to think outside the box to keep me healing.He also has an amazing massage therapist named Elena.  You have to make sure she it working.  She doesn't give me a "spa" type massage.  She really performs a therapeutic massage, stretching my tendons and muscles, moving my joints and working out the many kinks in my upper back.  The price is super low for what you get here.  Definitely a must!
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr Norman!  He has been do helpful with my chronic back pain and really helped me to mange the pain with very little drug therapy.  I have scoliosis and sciatica which sometimes causes a lot of pain - thru the pro adjust system he has really made a difference!  Thank you to Dr Norman and his staff for your professionalism and dedication to your patients!
5	My daughter and I both go to Dr. Norman. Not only is he professional and genuine towards you he has a fantastic sense of humor. I always feel comfortable when I walk in the door. The staff is super friendly and they never leave you waiting in the waiting room long :) If I need extra attention for my back, carpal tunnel or I'm just feeling chatty I never feel rushed by anyone in the office. Actually I could totally just hang out they are so much fun!! I highly recommend Dr. Norman to anyone suffering from back pain. I feel 2 inches taller every time I walk out of there.
5	Friendly staff, flexible hours and helpful. I started coming here about a month ago with pain and they have really helped me with my discomfort/pain I have been having. Everyone here is very compassionate and that is something I look for when I go somewhere to get help or treatment. Not only are they helping you but they really do care how you are feeling and that stuck out for me when I went to Dr. Normans office. I would recommend this place to anyone. Thanks Dr. Norman and your staff for doing such a great job taking care of me.
