5	Andrea has been a lifesaver- literally! She was watching over our furry monsters when our AC went out  in July and we were across the country. She not only made an extra visit just to see if the AC was broken, but helped us find an open kennel to get our cats boarded. She's been our creature sitter several times now, thankfully with less craziness.Her rates are very reasonable and she keeps in great contact with you. Her initial visit with us went over all the little things we wanted done (like picking up the paper and bringing it in) and was very thorough. Since she offers a full house sitter and pet sitter menu of services, she's knows things to cover that we had not thought of! She's very professional and is licensed and insured. Your animals will thank you!
5	Andrea is absolutely wonderful. She's pet-sit for me several times over the past several years and I've never had a single issue. On her first visit she stopped by to meet the animals and go over details with me. Now I just call her to let her know the days I'll be away and she arrives without any problems. She's very responsible and trustworthy - her copy of my house key broke off in the lock and she called me right away and we figured out a solution. She even came by on a day she didn't have to in order to get it fixed - all of this while I was gone.  On another occasion my travel plans changed suddenly and she was able to continue watching my animals. I highly recommend Andrea as a professional house-sitter. She can't be beat.
1	Andrea is a complete flake.  She advised she would watch my pet over the holidays and cancelled after it was too late to find another pet sitter.
5	There are pet sitters who do the job because they want the money, then there's pet sitters who do it because they truly love animals and want to make sure they are ok while you're away.  Andrea fits into that second category.  I've used her in the past multiple times, she has ensured that my cat is given all the love and care I'd give.  She called me daily to let me know how my cat was doing.  When the monsoons hit, she stayed with my cat to make sure she was ok.  She didn't have to take that extra level of care but she did.  She's reliable, friendly and responsive to my requests even if they are outside the scope of what a pet sitter usually does.  Hiring Andrea is a smart decision.
1	So disappointed by this pet/home sitting service. This past Thanksgiving marked the 3rd time we have used Affordable Home Sitting. The first time was great and we had no issues at all. Brianna was very attentive and let us know if anything out of the ordinary happened. The 2nd time we used them we had been gone a couple days and had not heard from them so we called and text them several times and did not hear back until the next day. As a couple who does not have any family in the area and friends out of town it was absolutely nerve wrecking not knowing how our pets were doing. We decided to give them another try for our most recent trip, but requested that they text us when at the house (supposed to go at 7-7:30 AM & 8:30-9 PM). They said that would be no problem and since we were having another couple watch them Friday-Tuesday afternoon it would be a good idea for them to also text us when at the house because they had a sitting job before where the family had friends watching the pets and then Affordable Home Sitting taking over half way through and the friends had forgotten to go and when AHS got there it was a huge mess so they don't like to share sits because they end up getting the messy end of things.On Tuesday evening around 10 PM we still hadn't heard from AHS so my husband called and left a voicemail asking them to call us back. They did not call, but sent us a text message at 10:20 stating Brianna had visited and said the litter box had not been cleaned, there were 8 dry/not dry pee spots in the office & 2 poop spots. Said it smelled in the office & the dogs weren't in the office. Said she wasn't very happy it was a lot of mess for her to clean up. This is why they don't share sits, because they get the messy end of things. Said the other part of the house kind of smells but can't see until tomorrow. We were obviously concerned by this and reached out to our friends who we're watching the pets before. Our friend (who has watched our pets before with no issues) stated he took the dogs on a walk at 8 Tuesday morning and both went to the bathroom and he left at noon and during the stay there was never a mess in the house/office or backyard. He and his wife walked the dogs twice a day.Now I had a couple issues with this-first it seems a little too convenient that they told is they didn't like to share sits and then suddenly this time our friends don't take care of our pets and home? Second-there are other ways they could have shared what happened without making it seem like our friends had neglected our animals-for starters calling us to share that with us vs texting it would have been great. Third-we have lights in our home-why can't you see if there's a mess in the other area of the house until the next day? Lastly-we asked them to message us when they were at our house which should have been between 8:30 & 9 and I like to think that if it was that much of a mess they would have called or messaged us then, not at 10:20 after we had to reach out to them, regardless of the fact that they were supposed to message us when at the house mess or no messNeedless to say we are done with this company. I hate that our relationship with them ended this way, but there were too many things that didn't make us feel like our pets were truly being taken care of.
