4	This is a fantastic little (and it IS little) restaurant. It's French, so of course the wine will be good. We had escargots (12 of them!) & the anti-pasta plate for starters. Followed by the beef bourguignon and trout, then a cheese plate for dessert. All very civilized and delicious.I highly recommend this place. Give it a try should you happen to be in the area, or make a special trip - I think it's worth it.
5	So your best friend of the boy variety who also happens to be an extremely charming French-speaker brings you to an awesome spot for Saturday brunch, filled with glorious accents, fresh pastries and shelves tumbling with fine wines and tasty cheeses. It reads like the opening few minutes of a romantic movie. And then the two of you start The iPhone Yelp Check-In War of the Century. It swiftly becomes a comedy.Yep, if anything were to sum up myself and my delightful companion that day, that would be it. I shall once again hang my head and apologise that I became Duchess of Le Marche Francais in a city I don't even live in. But hey, that's just how comforting Edinburgh is! It makes you feel as if you already *are* home. We weren't sure that we followed correct protocol - picking out our pastries then taking them up to the counter to eat in, but be certain that the people who run this place are both accommodating and honest. The guy at the counter told us (well, told Chris M in French) that we were welcome to take out our brunch or eat in, and he said that it's rather more expensive to eat in. Still, because the place was so pleasant and ambient we chose to eat in anyway.It's so relaxed that I could quite easily envisage myself bringing a book to a place like this and settling in for the morning... afternoon... heck, as long as they'll have me. I went for my favourite maple pecan plait as soon as I clocked it and it didn't disappoint. It's a hard thing to get wrong (even supermarkets do these well) but when you need a knife and fork towards the end of it because the things so fresh and gooey, you know you've landed on your feet. The Francophile himself went for a traditional breakfast of croissant, bread and hot chocolate which looked equally awesome.Not only is this a great morning place but it's actually a French restaurant too, bursting with salads, sandwiches and main meals, and it's a shop to boot... all of which I'll be exploring if I get a chance to go back. So that's great food, lovely service, awesome atmosphere... Can it do anything wrong? Non, Franc-ly.
3	This is a tough one. On the one hand, it felt very, genuinely French. The staff were all French, and the food was as good and mmm-tastic as you mind find in a Parisian cafe.On the other, the service was really quite lacking. The waiters were all friendly and chatty. But it was more the general air of confusion, disorder and muted chaos that seemed to prevail. I had stopped by here with an old friend for a proper good catch-up, and wasn't in a rush. We had the whole afternoon. Had I, however, been on a tight time schedule I could see myself getting very antsy about how sloooowww it was.We arrived at 1pm, our first order of sandwiches was taken fine. But when we asked to see the menu again for desserts no one came back to take our order after half an hour. I went up to the counter to place my order, but was told he'd come over. He did, in a very charming French way with broken English. Only to tell us our order - crepes au chocolat and eclair - were both finished. At 2pm on a Saturday. So we ordered a pastry and creme brulee. About half an hour later the same waiter emerged with poached pears, looking very confused when we said we didn't order that.We did eventually get our order, which seemed to be the only two desserts left on the menu. And they were delicious. And the waiter incredibly charming ("Did you have a nice moment?" Me: "moment? oh you mean time! Did we have a nice time?" Him "Ah oui yes, pardon my English is not so good.")Overall I was still a satisfied customer, as my croque monsier (with smoked salmon) was delicious, as was my pastry. And I think it was the friendliness and charm of the staff that saved the cafe. Had they been just as inattentive but also rude I would have been very unhappy.We spent 3 1/2 hours here chatting, eating, drinking tea. It has a lovely ambience. It's traditional and feels very genuinely French. And the food we had was good. I just wish they HAD had crepes and they were perhaps a bit more organised.I will be coming back, and shall also be brushing up on my French for a bit more friendly chat with those waiters...!
4	We were staying for a week in a nearby hotel while house-hunting in Edinburgh.  Le Marche Francais was practically across the street.  They were not open the first 3 days we were there (end of New Year's holiday), with no sign to indicate when they would open.That lack of information is the only reason I'm not rating this 4 stars.  The food was wonderful and very fresh.  Oh how I love a ham baguette and this delivered, in addition to the other treats we enjoyed.  This will be a favorite stop after we move to Edinburgh next month.
4	We stopped in Le Marche for lunch and were pleased there was a special.  You could pair soup with a sandwich or a special entree (on that particular day it was chicken in a mustard sauce with vegetable and a side salad) and also got a coffee.  The red pepper soup was delicious!  The wait staff was very polite.  The food was simply good and affordable.  The atmosphere of the place was clean and cafe-like.  Recommended for casual, relaxed dining or coffee!
3	Was there today Thursday for brunch .Service was bad there was only croque monsieurs for sale and no soup.Service was slow, 10mn to get 2 glasses of tap water.No impressed!
