5	I used Lucky Me Pet Care last time I went out of town and they were great. The dogs were happy, they leave notes to update you on when they were there and what the dogs were doing. I felt very comfortable leaving them in the capable hands of Heather and her staff. They went on walks each day and got the attention they need. It's a much better alternative to having to board dogs when you go on vacation as they are in the comfort of their own home. Not to mention, it is much more affordable too!
5	Lucky Me Pet Care is the best! Heather (the owner) is fantastic. I have 2 dogs with very different personalities--one is old, moves slowly, and just wants lots of petting and love; the other is younger and full of energy and can sometimes be skittish with new people. Both of them loved Heather right off the bat. I had no concerns leaving them with her and her staff because she was so in tune with their personalities and individual needs. I also enjoyed being able to come home and see notes about what the dogs were up to while I was gone. I was also impressed by how much less expensive Lucky Me is compared to other pet-sitting services. I will definitely use them again!
5	We left our english bulldog in the care of Lucky Me Pet Care for 6 days while traveling out of state for a wedding; and this was the longest time we've been away from him.  Heather made us feel extremely comfortable and thoroughly explained the services provided.  She gave us daily updates and made sure Monty was well cared for, paying attention to every detail about his personality and physical needs.  The quality of care was above and beyond and it was affordable.  We highly recommend Lucky Me Pet Care to other pet owners and will certainly use this service again in the future!
4	They watched my dogs while I was out of town for a week over the holiday and did a good job. I appreciated all the email updates/photos to let me know my pups were fine! Heather was very easy to contact and answered all of my questions and concerns quickly. Very good pricing too!
5	I use Lucky Me Pet Care on a regular basis, as I travel for business and some personal.  They are very good with all my pets (2 dogs, 2 cats) and leave regular updates that I can review when I get back home.  My pets get to stay in their own home and beds, the dogs go for regular walks, and they all get attention during the visits.  Heather and her team take very good care of them, and she is very prompt about responding to questions.  I have not yet used the email updates, but am looking forward to them.
5	If you are looking for someone who cares and loves animals as much as people then Heather and her team are who you want to take care of your loved pets. Heather is an all around loving person, very professional and prompt to getting back to questions and concerns. I am a Hairstylist in Scottsdale and I recommend all my clients to Lucky Me Pet Care!!!!!!
5	Fantastic!  We've used this service weekly for about seven months.  Three days a week we are gone too long for our dog to go without a walk and this is such a great solution.  The same person comes each day (Amanda!) and she's great.  We get a daily report on his activities and sometimes a photo.  Rates are incredibly reasonable, and the service is outstanding.  You can tell our little fella has had fun on his walks. When we've needed to have extra or fewer days Heather has always accomodated our needs.  They also helped me out when I  had a very early flight by transporting our dog to the kennel so that he didn't have to go in the night before.  How helpful is that?  Great company, great service, great employees.  You will feel absolutely comfortable with these folks caring for your pets.  Great company!!!!!! :)
5	I have been using Lucky Me for a few years now. They are fantastic! I love how I get brief daily updates when we are out of town. My dogs love them too. It's great knowing they are well taken care of while we are gone. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	Sorry folks, but it gets *no* better than Heather! Her team rocks!! I hired them to take care of mid day walks a few times a week for my Basenjis and first of all, I'm paranoid about the dogs and who watches them because one of them has an insane prey drive. I can always trust that they are well cared for and safe. My dogs (and cat) stayed at home while I went away for the holidays, I left them in the very capable hands of Lucky Me and when I got home, the cat was the only that acted like she was happy to see me. My lowrider said he was so well cared for he barely missed me! I was euphoric and disappointed all at the same time. Seriously, Lucky Me is the go-to place for pet care. They are ahhhhmazing!
5	The best way to sum up Lucky Me's service is PERFECT. I had been living in the Scottsdale area for about a year and had used 2 other services prior to Heather's team. I had been very dissatisfied with the amount of time spent and the intensity of walks done by previous services and came to Lucky Me honestly very skeptical about dog walking services in general. Heather and her team reassured me time after time that they were the real deal. My dog is a pretty high maintenance, high energy hound/terrier mix that needs a decent amount of attention and play time. There was not a single visit that I questioned the care and well being of my dog. Given the number of hours I worked a week (anywhere from 50-90 hours depending on retail seasons), Heather and my dedicated walker Genevieve were always very flexible and attentive. Unfortunately, I moved to the Pacific Northwest and can no longer use their service (obviously), but without a doubt, I would recommend Lucky Me Petcare over and over. Thank you Heather and Gen!!
5	OK, so this is how it goes --- if you want a pet care service with ultimate professionalism and attention to your pets, go with Heather and her team! Seriously, I haven't even had my first "real" week of pet sitting and I'm already convinced Heather and Gen are the best EVER! Here's my short story:I travel quite a bit and I had at one time someone I thought I could trust because he worked for a vet - mistake. I was taken advantage of and quite frankly, I was pretty sure my little kitty wasn't being cared for well if at all while I was away.I started researching pet sitters in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and fell on Lucky Me Pet Care here on Yelp. The reviews were really good so I thought I would email Heather and give her my most strict criteria to see if she was up for the task... I received within just a few hours a really warm, friendly email reply and we set a time for Heather and her caregiver Gen, to come to my place to meet me and my sweet boy, Cash (that's Johnny Cash of course).Heather has all her ducks in a row, is really professional with her approach, her paperwork, how she assures you that you will be contacted daily about your little buddies and my cat adores Gen already! We did a "test" one hour visit to see if Gen and Cash bonded and all went great.We love our pets dearly and for some of us we're alittle kooky with how we want them cared for while we're away, and I feel Lucky Me Pet Care is the service you will want to choose if you too want to know your babes are well cared for while you're away!
5	We've been spoiled....I wouldn't entrust anyone else to care for my Bella other than LMPC! They really LOVE animals and treat yours just like (perhaps even better) than your own.Jamie comes in and walks my lab 2 days a week when I have 11 hour days. She leaves a detailed report about what they did, if there were any problems (like runny poop!). Heather runs an impressive and professional company. Affordable, reliable, responsible, trustworthy and very very caring.
5	We are so Lucky to have found Heather.  We have used this company for a couple years now and I can't say anything but wonderful things. Heather and her staff take such amazing care of our dogs that it puts me at ease when we do take a vacation!  I look forward to the detailed daily reports her staff leave. If you aren't using their services....you should start!
5	We have been using Heather and her team at Lucky Me Pet Care for the past year and they are wonderful. Our two dogs are so happy when we return from travel. We get nightly pictures of our fur children texted to us and a daily report on their behavior and activity. We simply won't use anyone else.
5	I have used Lucky Me Pet Care a couple times.  Each time they were wonderful even when I had an extra pet on my last trip.  Heather and Amanda are amazing.  I have a rotti mix and some people hesitate and it's so great that they don't discriminate and give Aurora love each visit.  The hand written notes on each visit are great and love the Picture updates on my trips.  If it's a trip that I can't take Aurora they are the first people I will call and have recommended them to others.  Know that your pets will be well taken care of Lucky Me Pet Care while on your trip!
5	This will be my 2nd review of Luck Me Pet Care and I couldn't be more pleased. Michelle (our sitter) was not only prompt (neighbors reported she was at my house like clockwork every day) but she treated my two kitties with great care, sent me photos every day (this is SO important when you're traveling for an extended period) and my place was spotless when I returned from a long journey. Michelle even took the time to teach my little Cleo the cutest tricks!When you work from home or your someone who really adores your pets like family, who cares for them when you are away is crucial. Knowing I can leave my animals and also my home in safe keeping is a priceless service that Luck Me Pet Care provides. Take it from me, I am the worry-momma big time and I really trust Heather and her wonderful staff 100%.
5	Wonderful!!Best dog care around.. Always on time. They care. My dog loves them.I've never seen a better dog walk service anywhere.
5	We used Lucky Me Pet Care for the first time and this was actually our first pet sitting experience, so as you might imagine, we were a nervous reck with our 3 dogs and 1 cat!  Genevieve was our pet sitter and she did an awesome job!  I believe our one dog still misses her and is waiting and looking for her at the door at times! It really was great care and she went above and beyond.  Thank you!!
5	LMPC was reliable, responsive, flexible, and trustworthy. All things you're looking for when you're trusting the care of your pets to (for a lack of a better word), strangers - at  the beginning! Sad to have moved out of state, Bear and Lucy were in great hands for daily visits and overnight stays whenever needed. There were even times where I needed someone on the same day or next day and they were able to come through. Appreciated all of the daily notes left and the surprise Facebook photos! Reasonable pricing too.
5	We were very fortunate to have found LMPC for our dog Bobby. I'm reviewing with some amount of experience, having moved 3 times in the past few years and having used several pet sitting/walking services.  LMPC is highly reliable, flexible, well-priced, and most of all, provided very loving care of our dog. Our sitter/walker Gen took the time and care to really get to know his challenges, and we were especially blown away by the highly detailed notes she took while he was in her care.  Highly recommend LMPC!
5	We would be lost without Lucky Me Pet Care. Michelle is our Dogsitter. She comes every time we need her so Oliver knows her and loves her. She cares about him and treats him as if he were her own dog. Lucky me is exactly what we are bc of Lucky Me Pet Care!!
5	OK, I cannot resist with all the positive buzz going around about Lucky Me Pet Care. Do I love their service? Yes. Do I appreciate the daily text messages with updates and cute pics? Absolutely. Am I forever hooked on this service so much that I won't move outside of my sitters pet sitting zone? Yes, yes and YES!I travel quite a bit and I am a frigging cat loving momma who has to know her furbabies are safe and sound, but I also have to know they are getting some good play time while freaky Cat Lady Mom is away. Who does this? Michelle! From every-visit rough housing to super clever cat trick books she leaves for us to a really special antique book of illustrated birds (I love these BTW), Michelle goes WAY beyond what a typical pet sitter would do. If you are fortunate enough to be in the Lucky Me Pet Care zone RUN silly pet parents RUN to get yourselves connected with these ultra loving, ultra dependable and oh-so sweet pet professionals!
5	We recently used Lucky Me Pet care over the Thanksgiving holiday and couldn't be happier we did. From the initial conversation with Heather, the owner, I felt comfortable with the company. She came to our house for an initial assessment and took notes of where we kept everything and wanted to make sure that she understood what we needed/expected from a sitter. Nick was the actual sitter and did a great job. He left us very thorough notes of each visit and sent us a few pictures of our girls while we were out of town. We had the overnight stay along with daily mid day visits and the prices were very reasonable, especially over a holiday weekend (no up charge for holidays). When we came home our yard was picked up, the water bowls were full, our dogs were happy and everything was as we left it. Can't say enough good things about the company and we will definitely be using them for all of our dog sitting going forward.
2	I'm so sad to write a poor review for this company. After seeing so many great reviews I was hoping for more from them. I left my pets in their care for 11 days. They did some things right like making sure my young dog had enough exercise, I got pics and updates the first half of my trip, etc. However, there were mistakes that will ensure I do not rehire this company. The second half of my trip I received no pics and only received one update after I asked for it. I found a toy that I had specifically asked not to be left with the dogs. When I returned home my place was flooding! Even had a note from the petsitter saying she saw water the day before....why did I not get a call about this?? Most importantly though when I came home my poor dog had to be taken right to the vet. She was covered in scabbed over bumps/hives and was miserable from the itchiness. Her skin twitched when you touched her, broke my heart! It was so bad the vet prescribed steroids. I'm so disappointed that this animal care company couldn't recognize my pets discomfort :(
5	If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.  Finding a new pet sitter is scary, especially when you are mildly psychotic about your pets.  This is ME. If this is YOU, then Lucky Me Petsitting is for you.  I emailed and chatted with Heather about all my concerns and nervousness, and she really put me at ease.  Before your first pet sitting, Heather will come over and review everything with you.  I have a dog, cat and 8 chickens that are all needy (thanks to me).Johnese (aka George) was my sitter and she was awesome.   My dog goes on a hunger strike when I am gone, and Johnese made sure that she was eating her food. Detailed notes were left during each visit, and she even went out to buy more canned food when we ran out (she even bought the same brand!). She scooped the litter box and chicken coop everyday, too.One night they were late, but Heather let me know that another dog had an emergency.  I know that if something happened to my dog, they would take the same extra time and action needed to make sure everything was okay.They also send texts and/or emails of your kids, and will update you any time if you email or text.I cannot say enough about Lucky Me.  It is clear that Heather and her team take pride in their work, but more importantly are true animal lovers.I'll end my review here, but if you are still not sure if this is the pet sitter for for you or want to know more about my awesome experience, you can email me via Yelp.
