4	While Benecol is clinically proven to lower your cholesterol, this place is clinically proven to raise it. I guarantee you'll enjoy eating at this place, but make sure you've sent off to China for your donor heart before hand, cuz you'll be needing a new one.On my one and only visit I got a deep fried pizza which I chewed on in the company of two JF's. They, being PHD students, probably viewed me with utter contempt, and were only there with me to conduct a study into socially inept and underdeveloped human beings. As a result I ate with a reasonable degree of dignity in an effort not to draw too much attention to myself.Had I been dining alone, my behaviour would have been distinctly less muted, and I would have wrung the doughy treat out into my mouth like a tea towel saturated with pizza flavoured fat. Then with more enthusiasm than a Romanian prostitute who had just realised she could earn a Leu and get something warm in her belly at the same time, I would have sucked the oily dregs from its limp remains, and given thanks for the privilege.YUM-YUM.
5	They don't make 'em like this anymore, and it's a shame.A greasy spoon / chippy / cafeteria hybrid, City Restaurant is not about atmospheric fine dining, but without even trying manages to have a hundred times more character than the vast majority of Edinburgh's more illustrious eateries.Students, office workers, tourists and dossers. You'll find them all in here, damaging their health via the basic yet tasty grub. A window seat is tremendous for a bit of people watching, and it's the kind of place you won't feel like a weirdo sitting on your own. Just bring a paper.
4	The City Cafe is a wonderful cross over between a proper restaurant and a take away cafe greasy spoon thing - its really rather good.The food isnt anything special, whether you sit in to enjoy what you have ordered, or take it out. However, the food is tasty, and the portions are huge - the price isnt bad either. The restaurant itself looks a bit 80's - but really, thats not a huge concern unless you were expecting 5 star kinda stuff. Staff seem to be friendly, even late at night when the restaurants main custom is drunken students, but during the day they are always nice.This place is great if al;l you want is a hearty meal at a cheap price.
3	This cafe is cheap and is more like a Scottish diner. The ladies serving are friendly enough but don't expect too much from the food. It's basically what the Brits call a "chippie" stuff that tastes ok after a night out drinking with lots of sauces and vinegar. There is plenty of seating area inside but they aren't open very late. Their huge cooked breakfasts are probably like a better option, but only when you crave grease and carbs after  a wild night out.
4	The City Restaurant is nothing fancy and as previous reviewers have mentioned it's a greasy spoon type cafe. It's pleasant enough though, clean, bright and if you get a seat at the window it's the perfect spot for people watching. The last time I was here it was late afternoon and it was rather busy with people getting after work snacks so we were lucky to get a table. I ordered a full cooked breakfast with a generous helping of sausage (square slice and links), fried egg, beans, mushrooms, potato scone, two pieces of buttered toast and a cup of tea - okay, so not the healthiest meal but it was delicious and I polished it off in record breaking time.I've also sampled their fish and chips and they are also top notch. Overall, if you're looking for a good meal to fill you up but aren't too bothered about counting your calories then this place is perfect.
4	I very nearly scoffed at the City Restaurant, for calling itself a restaurant while having a big chippy counter slap bang in the middle of it. But I quickly realised it was more a diner than anything else, and a jolly good one at that!Selling slap-up meals of burgers, chips, and beans on toast, it does diner fayre to perfection. The burgers are pretty massive, the chips are nice and soft and it's got a great bunch of greasy spoon options.It's clean and there's loads of space. It's not the kind of establishment that's open at three in the morning, but although that may come as an inconvenience when you're drunk and in need of food, their opening times are also successful at deterring unsavoury customers at all times of the day. It's great for families and, believe it or not, a wee evening meal for two! For serving up simple but tasty food, it's awesome.
2	Despite appearing like some sort of American style diner (and it does look quite cool), City Restaurant is very British. Whilst small, seemingly nothing-special joints like this in the States might actually serve fantastic bagels or waffles or whatever, in Britain they tend to serve standard greasy chips. I think there is maybe some problem involving lack of  pride or something.City Restaurant really isn't that bad a place. It's clean enough, friendly enough, it's not exactly expensive.  But I'm put off by the quality of the food. Maybe it's because I'm too concerned about what goes into my body that I can't appreciate a place like this. I also find it hard to find great options as a vegetarian although their baked potatoes aren't half bad.There is still some charm to be had here, but some added homely family style cooking, or some quirky speciality wouldn't go amiss.
4	This is one of those places you'd happily eat your dinner at everyday of the year before ending up excessively overweight, but not necessarily unhappy.The food itself is what I'd call good, honest food.  The vast majority of it is very greasy, but it doesn't mind it and nor will you as you eat it and not just because it's cheap and fills you up.  It's certainly no health shop, but so long as you aren't in here every day it makes a great treat.  If you leave here hungry then quite frankly there's got to be something wrong with you.The whole place has an unpretentious atmosphere and it's quite happy for you to sit in or take the food with you, most commonly to eat on your way home after a night out.  Order chips in such situations and you'll be pleasantly surprised not only by the price, but also by the quality and volume of the food you'll be given.
4	This place has a great range of customers from all walks of life who are loyal to City Restaurant, and I am myself one of them. It has a great menu and there is always something on the menu that you are sure to like no matter how fussy an eater you.The best thing about City Restaurant, is that they always serve you very generous portions, which sometimes I struggle to actually finish, and I normally can put my food away.It's a multi purpose restaurant, in that no matter what time of the day you go there, there is something on offer, in the morning they do a breakfast, for lunch there are baked potatoes and in the evening, fish and chips. Not that I would recommend this diet, but the fact that it's always an option is great.
4	I haven't actually sat in this place yet but I can tell you that they do some very very good chips and I plan another visit there soon.
4	This place filled a much needed hole in my fringe timetable recently where we needed warm food and fast! Sitting down was a bonus.Stumbled upon this place which at first looked like a chippy posing as a restaurant but I soon learned it was more the other way around.Excellent table service, warm inviting interior, licensed, with a thoroughly broad menu for what I thought to be a chippy. Pasta dishes, grill, epic all day breakfasts and of course battered fish to name just a few highlights.I went for my usual fish and chips which was gorgeous, crispy batter with flaky haddock and no sign of grease. Slightly overpriced but I all things considered I won't argue. My missus went for a pasta dish which she couldn't finish which is a first. Happy faces all round.Busy wee place, especially the takeaway. Good vibes from here, would like to go back when I'm not in a hurry and maybe sit upstairs out the way of the queues of folk getting takeaway and the stares from street prowlers glaring in the window!
4	Look  *shifty eyes*   I'll be the first one to admit that this is not a healthy place to be in ..... but it makes my stomach so happy!Their quarterpounder with cheese has saved my -academic- life several times, and I'm never disappointed by the quality of the meat either. It's perfect for that weekend grease run I always find myself doing.How do I know the food is good in this particular greasy spoon? Well, I've got a very, very sensitive stomach, and if anything was awry, believe me, I would've known by now.The only thing I've got to grumble about (I'm always grumbling about something aren't I?) is the mayonnaise, it's too vinegary. I don't really like it that much. But hey, I'm Dutch and we like our mayo, (no doubt about that). If you like your chips like you like your spoons (that is greasssy) this here'll do for you!P.s. No whining about health now, I left my arteries at home, they don't have to know about this.
3	City Restaurant is a decent chip shop with a side line in all day breakfasts and grills. There is plenty of seating (there is more seating upstairs) and the staff are friendly enough. So if you fancy a breakfast or chips and want to escape the cold City Restaurant is fairly pleasant.Why 3 stars, well the issue I have is that it is a bit more expensive than the other chip shops nearby, but the food is of no better quality, heck most of it tastes the same because it is likely from the same supplier... The quarter pounder, mince pie, sausage etc are identical to those found in Central Takeaway, I bring this up because at lunch time Central do a takeaway offer which means a selection of dishes only cost a couple of pounds (and in my opinion they do better chips).In short City Restaurant is fine-to-good if you want somewhere to sit and chat while getting your fried food fix, otherwise there are better options.
4	A classy chippy...Fish of the day is a must...Upstairs for best views.
2	This is a decent chip shop with a pretty good sit-in menu. My complaint is that my server seemed to have very little interest in providing a high quality service experience. Her attitude was very grumpy and uninterested. Maybe she was having a bad day but I certainly didn't leave a tip.
3	This is a decent sort of fish and chips cafe next to the theatre.  The view of the Edinburgh street life is quite beautiful.  Unfortunately this place suffers from being a bit overpriced for such standard fair.  Still, not a bad place.
4	The City Restaurant is basically your modern incarnation of the traditional Italian cafes that used to be so popular in our cities. It's clean, diner-style interior is bright and cheery of an evening and it's a great place to get a reasonably priced meal or snack before going to the theatre.Yes, they do have a chippy bit at the front but the sit-in menu is much more extensive than that. During the day it's perfect for a filled roll right through to a full greasy spoon fry-up breakfast. Their veggie option isn't that great to be honest, but meat-eaters will be in carnivore heaven.The chippie take-away options are as you would expect, but the portions are good and they'll deep-fry pretty much anything for you. I once saw some schoolgirls ask for a deep-fried curly-wurly (*chocolate bar for those not familiar with local sweets) - I kid you not! They did it too...Always some cheery banter from the staff, no matter how busy it is, and the upstairs is great if you want a quieter experience.
5	it is so big that i eat one meal in two times. Haddock is a bit tasteless. the chips is very good. It is a good place to bring friends to eat British food.
