4	It was fun. I did it twice even. Once in Business, another in Engineering. They need more international exposure but overall I'm happy with my choice. You can't beat their central location and affordable next-door housing. Their library kick's McGill's anytime. The teachers are excellent.. class sizes smaller than average. I still don't get why the Engineering building is just for masters students and professors. They should have some classes in it!!
3	Some of the classes are innovative and informative and others are not.  You have to be selective with the type of courses you are choosing because some of the survey courses are terrible.  Why would I take a class if I could stay at home and read more articulate information on wikipedia?The french classes are so-so.  Well, it depends on the prof that you get.  Some of them are great and others are horrendous. Don't expect to take any conversation courses here though.  The courses are based on the knowledge of french grammar exclusively.The english dept. offers some good courses; others are terrible.  It's kind of like taking French classes in regards to who the prof is.  Some of the teachers are old fashioned.  They really have to update the way they teach material.  I don't believe in reading prose in front of a class and asking all the students what they think about it.  This wastes so much time.   Just tell us what the material is about so that we could look at the work on a deeper level, rather than a superficial one.I really think that these programs have a lot of potential, but someone has to update them.
4	I liked it! Did the MA in Media studies and felt like the staff were smart and working on interesting research, though they seem stretched a little thin. The facilities are all new now, but I didn't mind the cozy squat old building we were in out at Loyola. The downtown campus is right downtown in an area that has some good cheap restaurants these days. It's lacking that campus feeling, no quad, no green space, but the library is good and the cinemas and theatre's and art building downtown are all quite cool, and the shuttle out to the green campus and more collegiate vibe at Loyola is accessible and free.
5	Listening to Risa Dickens look back at her time at Concordia before working with Yelp. #duchessofConcordia
5	funalivecompetitiveandsympathetic
