5	Seriously?  No one has reviewed this Studio yet?Donna is awesome.  She makes you feel comfortable, she's very informative,  and she threads really well.  Prices are on the website, and for the excellence of her service, it is a bargain.I highly recommend her for eyebrow services.  The studio is charming, located right across the street from Luci's Marketplace if you know where that is.  If you want to schedule an appointment, you can do it online (which I found very convenient), or she also accepts walk-ins.  I will definitely be returning.
5	I honestly can't remember the name of the woman who keeps helping me, but I love her. She's done 1 facial on me which at first I thought horrible, I was freaking out my face was so red, pores were huge, bumps every where. I was terrified to go to work the next day. But I went to bed and when I woke up I was like a new person. My coworkers couldn't get over how soft and silky my skin felt and how clear it was. I got it for acne and it kept my skin baby soft and clear for a month. Which before it was gross and I was having major issues with break outs. I've also been to her 4 or 5 times for facial threading, she does my eyebrows so well, looking at pictures I can tell how flawless they look. I love the threading because unlike my friends who get theirs waxed and have to worry about patches of skin ripping off or in one case the wax fell in the wrong area and she ended up with a funny bald spot, threading doesn't do that. I've also received deep conditioning treatments from her and my hair came out amazing. I do plan on getting my eyebrows done by her as long as she's there, and I will be returning for more facials as well.
5	Dear Lord, this woman can work some magic with some thread. And she was funny. ("Oh, why are you tearing up? Don't worry, you won't miss that hair.")Online appointment scheduling, clean studio and work area, and reasonable prices are also big pluses.
5	Great place. Threading is def the way to go. I will now become a regular. After all she claimed my threading virginity! I also want to try some of her other services she offers... Perhaps a facial next time... Hmmm... I deserve it.. Right?!?! The prices are good too! And the online booking of appts was very nice!
5	I love NV for the convenience of scheduling an appointment online and the ease of canceling/rescheduling first and foremost.  I used to get my eyebrows threaded at the mall (which made Donna gasp with a look of pure disgust on her face - entertaining).  Honestly, I didn't think the mall did a bad job and it's cheaper by about five bucks.  However, I've been to Donna three times now and since I always have an appointment, there's no wait.  She is also entertaining to talk to; she informed me of facts such as if you are at all ticklish, you are a jealous person and anesthesia takes four years off your life each time you go under (that one I did not believe and she told me to Google it, which means it's true, right?  Haha).  She's not at all pretentious, shallow, and annoying like some...err...beauticiains is the word I'm looking for. The reason I give NV five stars however, is this: I was there about a week ago and asked her to clean up the baby hair on my neck (one child actually told me I look like a "fuzzy bear" once).  I didn't mention this when I booked the appointment online (not the fuzzy bear part, but that I needed my baby hair cleaned up.  Actually, I did tell her the fuzzy bear part too and she said it was all in my head.  She then asked me if I was a bear, to which I responded no, I was not, and she said, "See?"  Anyway, I'm getting waaay off track), but nobody else was there so I was hoping she would have time to do it.  She not only did it, but she did it for free and told me anytime I wanted it done again to come by and she would always do it - for free.  I heart free like a college kid running out of ramen, you have no idea.  The ONLY downside, which could be totally coincidental, is I have noticed my skin will break out a day or two after getting my eyebrows threaded.  I don't know if it's the aloe she puts on afterwards; it could very well be the time of month that I go, who knows.  It's only minor and lasts a few days.  Perhaps next time I will ask her to forego the aloe.  Bottom line hit up NV for fab-o salon service as well as customer service!
5	Been going here since July 2011, never going back to anybody else to get my brows threaded! Absolutely love it! Donna does such an amazing job! I love my brows!!!!
5	I absolutely love Donna!  I haven't been able to find a place that does threading well since I moved from NY.  If you have sensitive skin like me threading is the way to go!  Donna is a master with eyebrows.  I had messed up my eyebrows pretty bad but after a few months of her hard work and magic they look amazing again.
2	I have been getting my brows threaded for years by a licensed cosmotologist. After my lady (Anita from Salon Naturalle) moved out of state I went and saw Donna based on the rave reviews here. I let her know about all her wonderful reviews on yelp and she said she had no idea since she did not have any time to be on the computer. When I walked in I was the only one there. I felt when I left my brows were cleaned up, but I did not get the arch I had in the past. Also I had to come home and finish the job on my upper lip because there was hair that she missed. She seemed nice, but was arrogant. And even went as far to say that she was the only person in Arizona that knows how to shape the brow according to peoples faces. When I told her my previous threader was of Indian decent and I was told that "they all left the state because its not legal". I was taken back since Anita was legal and licensed and had her own business at Salon Naturalle. I won't be returning. It was not a good experience and I did not get the WOW factor from the service.
2	She is OK with cleaning them up and she is cheaper than waxing places that do the same eyebrow-cleaning job as her! Not a salon friendly experience I would get in other places and it does not look like some place you would go and relax. You would be put on a chair where she usually do hair cuts and if she is already busy with another client, no worries you will be taken in, because she only takes walk-ins and can handle you both at the same time.When she was doing my eyebrows and her both hands would be busy, she would put threads into her mouth (not the whole thing, but just the tip, but I would like her to be completely clean). I didn't come out of her salon with a happy feeling, because I didn't got the shape I want, but she did cleaned them up. I have bushy uni-brows that are one of a kind and I need someone to do the job for me, because I can't do them myself. I would believe what I want is not possible, but I had a lady who used to shape my eyebrows perfectly that everyone would ask me where and who did it for me. After she changed jobs I never found her again and the salon were she used to work they told me she moved out of state. I have been looking for a master to do my eyebrows for years now and unfortunately Dona is definitely not the one, I will not go back here. Now I have to read again other salon reviews, research them, etc., and try them out. I'm really tired of this, but someone out there I'm sure can do the job,
5	I get my eyebrows threaded here. Donna is amazing!  I've been getting them threaded for over 10 years back in Chicago. I found this place on luck, thought i'd give it a try and haven't gone any where else in past 2 1/2 years.  I highly recommend it.
1	I'm going to start off this review by saying I did NOT receive service at this salon. Here is why - I called late morning and the women who answered had a thick accent and seemed not to know English too well. That's not a problem with me, my old stylist is Russian... but this new woman was hard to understand.I started off by asking, "I was wondering do you have appt today at ___ for ___. I was asking about hair styling, she said yes, then she said okay you'll come, and I said well just wait a minute, I need to clarify my services, and I described what I wanted, on the website there was a listed price, she spoke in what I assumed was Russian to another woman and then quoted me at $10 more than their "max" price. Then I went on to say, "Okay thank you, I'll think about it." She said so you're coming? Again, I said, no, I was just wondering about your pricing. Yes, you're coming today? Again I said.... No I was merely "curious" about your services. Silence... I said, "I was just curious about the price, thank you." So you are okay with appt today? I said, "I would be okay with it if I was booking, but I am not booking I'm calling other salons." I had to explain 3 times "I am calling other salons, I was just curious, just wondering." Then a long silence, and she said "(my name)" and I said yes? Then she said, "Goodbye!" It seemed like she didn't understand English because that's not a good selling technique, it's poor customer service.The reviews on here seem to only be about eyebrows, maybe that was a clue... and all they're good at. I judge a business by their respect, patience, and fairness in pricing, i.e keeping their word on their OWN website.
1	I saw a coupon for here on groupon and I went to get a mani/pedi for $23. I got there with a friend and not a single customer was there and I felt like they were staring at me. The ladies didn't greet us or welcome us. Gave us no time to choose our colors. We ended up leaving.
1	Awful experience! I made an appointment to take my interns for their last day, the lady said we would all be getting our nails done at the same time, but when we got their they only had 2 nail techs. We waited over 30 minutes and then only had 2 of my girls soaking in the pedi chairs, which to top it off, the water had dead skin floating in it! I had my girls grab their stuff and we went to Biagio! This place is dirty and bad service!
1	This place is horrible. My group was on a time crunch so we scheduled appointments where we could all get manis and pedis at the same time.  They told us this was possible on the phone but when we got there they had taken two girls before us and there was only two techs. After 15 minutes they started having us soak while they continued working on the other girls. The two of us set to soak in the pedi seats looked down and saw dead skin in the tub. We quickly left and went down the street to Biagio. So much better!
1	I'm not sure why everyone is posting anything positive for this salon. I had gone here with a schedule appointment for me and 3 other girls. We showed up slightly early and they had taken 2 girls before us that were getting their pedicures finished. We didn't think anything of it because they said they were almost done. Mind you, we told them when scheduling the appointment that we were on a time crunch so we would book if they could guarantee that there would be 4 technicians so we could all get our pedis/manis done at the same time. They had said it would not be a problem. We waited for about 30 minutes until the owner came over and said we could get started soaking at the mani station for one girl. The technicians then informed her that we couldn't because the 2 girls they had taken before us were getting manis now too. So, then my girl had to sit in a random chair soaking her nails for no reason. Then they set me and another girl up in the pedi station. We sat with our feet in the water only to look down and realize that the bubbles in the water had dead skin floating in it. Absolutely unsanitary and disgusting. Most nail salons I go to put a disposable plastic tub inside of the tub so there is no issue of this. Once we saw this and realize that we were waiting for 45 minutes with no beginning in sight we soon left and headed to Biagio down the street. WAY better and more sanitary!
1	Horrible horrible customer service !! Extremely inexperienced staff!!I would give negative stars if I could!!The RUSSIAN SUPER CHATTY LADY  was attempting to give me a pedicure, and she filed deep into the flesh of my toe - blood started oozing out. She had to get two bandages to stop the bleeding. BUT, she was completely unapologetic! I didn't say anything to her, 'coz I was trying to be nice and thought she must already be feeling pretty guilty- and she, instead of apologizing , tried to blame me!!!! Extremely inexperienced!! It was just the second toenail that she attempted to file. PLUS, She was filing my nails in both directions- doesn't she know you're supposed to file in only one direction else the nails become brittle???When she started filing, I squirmed a little coz I was feeling the cut and told her that. She should've heeded to my discomfort and changed the filing style accordingly. But she didn't. Doesn't she know she should attempt filing at an angle if the toe nail isn't longer than the toe? OR at least file carefully so as to not hurt the flesh. I'll upload the injured toe pic.  ON TOP OF EVERYTHING- she shamelessly charged me 5 bucks for "Cutting my nails" - more like charging me for making a deep bloody cut through my toe. This happened 2 days back and it still hurts when I wear shoes. I'm from CA and am accustomed to superior service there. This was the most shameless and worst customer service experience that I've had here.She did my eyebrows first, then I went for the pedicure - The eyebrows she did were just meh. I've had better threading work done elsewhere.Whatever you do, don't go to that lady - fair, dark hair, irritatingly obnoxious & talkative, Russian. My dear lady - please go and take a course in manicure, pedicure and threading. Also, less talking and more focusing on getting things done right!!
1	After my most recent experience, am truly disgusted. The jokes have gone OVERBOARD! "You look malnutritioned as if you are from a third world country." Followed by worse comments which I won't even post!!! I left in tears!!! I'm tiered of being verbally attacked and put down when I come in here!!! It's really sad, this is the reputation this salon has started to get!
1	This is a salon where you can know that an appointment means nothing. They will take a walk-in customer 5 minutes before your appointment time and expect you to wait for an hour for their walk in to be done.This happened twice. I won't be going back again for a third time of waiting around after making an appointment hours in advance.They will also ask the same question over and over again during your service, such as "what do you do?" because they don't listen at all when you answer the first 2 times.Worst pedicure ever. Massage was all of 2 minutes. The nail polish was not run across the cut edge of the toe nail so the nail polish chips quickly.They just are totally uninterested in what they are doing and totally uninterested in you.
5	Scheduling an appointment here is a breeze since you can do it online. At first I was a little taken back by the personality bubbling out of this place but after going back, it's actually a rather enjoyable experience. My sister and I have been looking for a place that actually does a good job threading eyebrows for a while now and I'm glad we have found this place!
5	I have been getting my eyebrows threaded for over 10 years and most of that time was in NY and Donna is the best here in Phoenix.  She does a great job at cleaning up and shaping your eyebrows. I went to a few places here in the valley and no one does as good as job as her!  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my eyebrows, she is great at what she does.  i also love that you can just make an appointment online for whatever you need done. Its quick easy and I never have to wait when I come in. I would recommend Donna to anyone who is interested in shaping and keeping a good shape to their eyebrows.  I know she also does hair, but I've never been to her for that.
1	My husband and i bought 2 groupons here for mani/pedi.  The lady that was there, yes only 1 lady on a saturday!, was a russian lady who not only was rude on the phone but once I got there I realized nothing was cleaned!!  I am a licensed hair dresser and was appalled at how dirty this place is.  She used the same heel scrubber on my foot as she did my husband with no attempt to clean it.  The tools she used on my mani were still sitting on the dirty paper towel from the lady before me.  Her attempt at sanitation was to dip it in the sanitizer.  Should be soaked for 10 min!  I am so afraid I am going to get some flesh eating disease from the nasty conditions of this place.  I really dont know why I didnt leave.  DO NOT GO HERE
1	Fraud fraud fraud!!! I went here recently to get a mani/pedi and the services I received were terrible. There is nothing fancy about this place or the services, loud tv playing with some awful drama show, dirty and unsanitized nail files and pumice stones. They didn't even clean the tub out for the woman who had a service after me in the same chair!! So worst part, I look at my bank statement and noticed they added a $12 charge to my card without my authorization, I called to ask about it and they said oh it's a mistake, come in and we can adjust. BS on that one! Do not go here, they are liars, dirty, and will take advantage of you.
3	This place was pretty nice. I loved the woman who did my hair, she was super nice and funny. She was really fast at applying my color as well. As for the cut, she was super fast there too... I ended up with really choppy layers and more cut off than I bargained for. It's hair, so it will grow back, but it's still not what I was hoping for.Overall, I liked the place and the atmosphere of this local, family owned shop. I would go back for a full color or a trim, but highlights and major cuts I might avoid here. They also do mani/pedis and threading.
1	I was very unimpressed.  I went on a Saturday in the morning, and I was the only person there.  The woman, who did not even tell me her name, seemed very unhappy to be there (which I get, no one is happy to work Saturday mornings but still).  The pedicure was very half done, she did what she had to, to get by and call it a pedicure.  I don't have "supermodel" toes, and my nails are pretty short, and she even made the comment "it was impossible to work with".  So after that, we moved on to the nails.  She applied acrylics (a full set) and my hands literally hurt for 3 days.  Like I said unimpressed, but I was assuming it was me.  So on my way out the woman who was getting a pedicure after me, yelpped suddenly in pain, the woman doing the pedicure, was just, oh sorry.  This woman was almost in tears, I felt so bad for her.Anyways, I won't be going back, and I would warn people not to spend their money here.
1	I got my highlight done and I was in tears while examining it while at home. I liked the girl doing my hair personally but my hair was not what I wanted. I told her I wanted a light color of highlights and after she foils my hair, she tells me" oh by the way I put in the darker shade of blonde then you wanted" I wanted platinum highlights and I got caramel blonde highlights and it wasn't even throughout my hair, she missed multiple areas. I got great eyebrow threading there but I wouldn't recommend hair services by them. It's awful when you look at your hair crying and don't want to go back to that place for to fix the mistake and just cause more dissatisfaction. .
1	I purchased a Groupon for mani-pedi so the price was right...but I would not recommend this salon/spa nor will I ever go back. Overall the facility is filthy. The restroom was dirty, mold on the sink, no paper towels. They do not use new tools for each client. The woman who did my nails picked up the tools (clippers, scissors, trimmers...etc.) she had just used on someone else and splashed them around in a little barbicide. I was mortified and should probably should have left but I was already knee deep in water. In addition to that the customer service is lacking, very unprofessional.
1	I know that most people go here because they have a good Groupon deal, but you are better off paying full price for quality work. I have given them 3 chances to do better as they are right down the street from me and I really wanted to find an inexpensive nail salon to regular.I go to get my nails done for 3 reasons: 1) I want them to get CLEANED; cut cuticles, get under the nail and remove dead skin around nails!! 2) I love the relaxation of getting nails done and a slight foot/hand massage. 3) I want my nails to look GOOD after I pay to have them done. I am a business lady who needs nice manicured nails!! NV Nail Salon does NOT do well at any of these 3 things. They spend most of the time trying to get everyone to talk about their personal business which is so inappropriate. They also do a terrible paint job. Even my get nails have been chipping (3 days after job) when I have gone 2 weeks without them chipping from other gel applications. I highly recommend going somewhere else.
1	I thought the experience was pretty unpleasant. The girls talk mostly in Russian, but then switch to English to complain about how they don't want to be there or their personal problems. The lady who did my pedicure burned my feet with the water and then kept insisting I put them back in when it was clearly no cooler. She was brusque and unfriendly and there was nothing pleasant or relaxing about the experience. I would certainly never go back and would far rather have just gone to my regular walk-in salon, which costs about the same as the groupon price and does not have 10 signs about the place insisting that you leave a "generous tip", but certainly are much more deserving of one.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS, especially for COLOR. I bought the $59 Groupon for shampoo, cut, color and that is the WORST purchase I've ever made. Dawn was my stylist and colorist. I asked for BLONDE highlights to fill in the grow out from my last highlights. She told me that would cost extra because the Groupon was for color, not highlights. Fine. She did foils and then painted on a "base" color. No other colorist has ever done that, so I was immediately worried. Then she set the timer for 45 minutes. The highlights had already been sitting there for 15-20 minutes by then. So it was over an hour for the bleach. Normal time for me under heat is 15 minutes. After shampooing and trimming, she told me that a blow out was extra and I asked her to just blow out part of it because I didn't like the way the color looked.So my hair was WAY over processed and came out looking a pinky-orange blond. Kind of like the old self-tanner color except on hair. I hated it and asked her to add low lights to tone it down. Another 45 minutes passed in this ugly, hole-in-the-wall salon. She shampooed and combed me out and it was STILL hideous, but I wanted to get the HELL out of there, so I paid another $49 on top of the Groupon and left. Now I'm left with a hideous mess, my hair is dry and straw-like, and I'll have to go somewhere else to get it fixed. Then it will probably fall out. Again, DON'T GO HERE FOR BLONDE HIGHLIGHTS.
1	So I purchased the mani/pedi on groupon. Called and scheduling was a breeze booked for the next day. When I got there they had all these signs posted everywhere saying you paid for discounted services tip generously. Which I kinda get... but they just looked uber tacky and made me feel pressured to tip more than I wanted to (which was 6 dollars). The pedicure was fine but super quick. I wanted to upgrade to gel on my manicure and was told it was 17 dollars extra so I declined. I decided to get a French manicure and was told it was a 5 dollar extra charge. Basically anything other than simple nail paint and top coat will cost you more. So I got the French and was basically satisfied but wasn't blown away my nails looked dingy. But my toes looked pretty good, definitely not perfect. But literally the next day my French manicure started chipping!! 2 days later they were completely ruined. I wasn't even working or anything I have never had this happen to me. Anyway long story short I am not going back. I have no desire to argue with them to get a refund.
1	DO NOT GET YOU NAILS DONE AT NV! I got gels and they chipped the next day. In addition, she shaped my nails lopsided. The nail tech was irritable and unsocial. She did not know how to do a simple flower design.  She obviously did not know what she was doing. It was a horrible, horrible job! I will never go back.
4	I love how they do eyebrows, they always come out looking great. I also enjoy how my hair looks after a trim. I can totally see how the women who work there can come off as abrasive, but I'm from the North East so maybe I'm used to it. I've never had my nails done, but I'm happy with pricing/service for a cut and my eyebrows.
1	This place is the worst. The ladies are rude and inappropriate, not professional at all.. They didn't use sterilized nail manicuring sets- in fact they used the same stuff on everyone. The place smells terrible. They even have a sign that says- don't forget to tip generously....uh I think not. Steer clear of this disgusting place.
