1	I was staying at the MGM Grand this past weekend.  I was playing poker for most of Sunday, but around noon I needed a little something something while waiting for dinner later that night.  The Stage Deli was right there near the poker room and there's no line.  Close and easy, two of my favorite characteristics of a restaurant.  So I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich.The sandwich was expensive - nearly $8.00.  Kind of to be expected in a casino.  OK.  I can deal.I'm not sure I would actually call the meat inside the sandwich chicken.  It was some sort of processed, white, rubbery chicken imposter.((pause))I paused for a few minutes to think of some other substance on the planet that I could liken this chicken to, and I can't.  It must be from another world.It was absent of any flavor, and had it not been for the lettuce, tomato and mayo i put on the sandwich, it may have been one of the least flavorful lunches of all-time.The sesame bun wasn't very fresh.  It had that "I've been sittin out for several hours" taste to it.  And the pickle that accompanied the "sandwich"  wasn't cold and fresh; it was luke-warm and limp.A complete let-down.To make matters worse, the girl who took the order barely stopped talking in spanish to her cooks standing a few feet away.  I ordered and she talked right through the order.  Pretty freakin' rude if you ask me.I'd choose 0 stars if it was a choice.  Stay away from Stage!
2	I ate breakfast here twice during my stay at the MGM Grand. Sure, it was overpriced, but what do you expect for a restaurant in a casino? My bagel with egg, cheese, and ham was fine, nothing special, but nothing disgusting either. I also had some nachos as a snack. Again, fine.
3	I enjoyed my Stage Deli sandwich. It was a bit pricey for a sandwich ($8 bucks) but what isn't in Vegas. My brisket was soft and juicy and the best part, no line.  Nice alternative to the MGM food court when you need something pronto!
1	It's a starbucks type spot, but selling sandwiches. Bad ones too. I rather eat Subway across the street. The sandwiches are overpriced for what they are. Reminded me of those cold pre-packaged airplane sandwiches. Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed. I wanted to ask for my $ back.
1	OMG if i could give this place a negative star i would. $8 for a turkey sandwich which consist of 2 slices of bread,turkey meat, and lettuce.Pickle on the side and a packet of mayo. 7-11 makes better sandwiches.So disappointed.Subway was so much better.Went to panda express afterwards (food court next to M&M world) and was more satisfied and cost even less.Pay $2 more for a footlong at subway or go to food court.Can't believe this place stayed in business.Never again.
4	I ate here 2-3 times. It's convienently next to the Poker Room and the service chicks bring you the food. The sandwiches are HUGE and great too. Easily better than any bullshit deli's I've eaten at in Denver.The Pastrami sandwich is a MONSTER!
3	Hmmm... a wanna-be NY style deli in the casino.  Overpriced?  Yes.  The food?  Surprisingly, not bad at all.Came here around midnight and I ordered the pastrami sandwich.  I didn't expect much but the sandwich is pretty big, on rye bread, and the pastrami itself was pretty good.  Lots of fatty pieces but I didn't really care at the time since I was so hungry.  It's about $10 for a sandwich with... nothing else but at least it was good.Stopped by here the next morning for breakfast.  They have Krispy Kreme donuts there for $1.  Overpriced donuts, but I didn't feel like spending $5-8 bucks for a breakfast sandwich hahah.Overall, sandwiches aren't bad.  Pretty good for a quick meal right on the casino floor.
3	A cheapish option inside MGM, that serves basic interpretations of new york deli favorites.  Pastrami was pretty basic, and the accompanying pickles (at least you get two spears) were pretty sad.  The Reuben had the thousand Island on the side, which I hadn't seen before, but is a trend I hope more places embrace.All in all there are a bunch of good places to eat in mgm, but not too many places for people on the budget.  They don't serve food here, they serve fuel to keep you going.
1	Bleh. Meh. Pff. Overpriced low-quality diner food. Think Denny's quality with a 300% markup.
3	For Vegas, this is probably the best deal on snacks you'll find.  Big sandwiches, bagels and lox, fresh bananas.  Decent food, prepared well, and priced no worse than an actual deli in NYC.  Why?  It's next to the sports book at the MGM Grand.  They don't want to old guys betting on horses to leave their seats.
4	I have to stop by this place each time I'm staying at the MGM because the corned beef sandwich is just delish! The corned beef is soft and moist. I like to add cheese and coleslaw to my sandwich. Although the coleslaw lacks a lot of flavor and could definitely be better, the quality of the corned beef makes up for it.  It conveniently open late so you can come here after a long night of gambling, partying or what have you. The service is super fast! Within minutes, your order is ready for pick up. The downside is there are not many chairs and tables so sometimes you may end up sitting in those cubicles in front of the big sports televisions.
4	Very limited menu for deli connoisseurs. There are no knishes or latkes here. But, don't let the other reviews fool you, what's here is damn good (if you crave pastrami and matzo ball soup that is). Believe it or not the pastrami is some of the best I've had in town  (nice, spicy and moist) as is the matzo ball soup (great garlicky broth with thick chunks of chicken, celery and carrots). Plus, it's open 24 hours, so come here when you need to sober up!
3	Not sure on all the over priced comments.  For a mid priced strip casino, quick service eatery, I found it plenty reasonable.Feeling hungry and in need of a fast bite before a few cocktails, this place was perfect. Two of us got out of here for under $15.  Nothing fancy, but quick and simple, albeit some communication confusion with the staff.We shared a corned beef sandwich on rye and a salted pretzel.  The corned beef was drier than I've had, but pleasingly thickly sliced and layered on heavily.  The sauerkraut helped overcome any dryness, it was a pretty good sandwich considering it's casino location.  Pretzel was a pretzel, just fine.The only drawback is it sits behind the sports book, and has just a handful of tables and chairs open to the book/casino/random passers by.  But that's no biggie, you grab your snack, chow down, head on your way.And seriously, if you are in the MGM and want to eat quick the prices are completely reasonably,
2	Shruggin' my shoulders at this one. Typical sandwiches here but pricey ones. It's tough at the MGM to get something decent to eat with spending more than 20 greenbacks.
4	I'm with Stuart M, I don't get all of the over-priced comments. Its VEGAS, everything costs a little more. I was actually really happy with my experience at Stage Deli. Its located near all of the action in the casino and its fun to people watch while eating a quick lunch. My boyfriend and I split the Reuben on rye with a side of potato salad. We also ordered two drinks and only spent $15. The Reuben was delicious, I couldn't have been any happier with the sandwich. The potato salad was also excellent and made a filling accompaniment. We left with full bellies, wallets intact. I would recommend Stage Deli for a quick and reasonably priced lunch.
4	I don't know if it is because everything tastes good after you've been drinking, but I really liked the food that I got from here. I ordered a Reuben, and it was incredible. It was the most expensive sandwich on the menu, but came with a lot of meat and was very flavorful. The dressing came on the side, so I was able to put exactly how much I wanted on top. I also ordered a side of potato salad and a Dr. Brown's Ginger Ale. The potato salad was better than average. The Ginger Ale tasted too 'dry' for me, and I would have preferred Canada Dry. The service was a bit of a challenge to deal with. As I was ordering, the clerk would yell over to the cooks item by item. My order could have been taken more efficiently if she would have listened to my whole order and then told the cooks what to prepare. It took a lot longer to order than it should of, and she was already taking the next person's order before she gave me my receipt. I did like what I ordered though, so I now know where to get a quick sandwich when I'm staying at the MGM Grand.
3	This deli used to be much better.The only thing I ever order from here is the corned beef, which used to be less dry and a little tastier.  The last few times the quality has decreased.  The rye bread and swiss cheese that you put it on are good enough.  The cole slaw is an unusual color and processed.This is a great place if you are staying at the MGM and need something FAST or LATE.  They are open 24hrs on weekends, and close very late on weekdays (I think 3-4am?).They also sell fresh Krispy Kreme donuts, a plus for the morning if you're on your way out.If you're a corned beef fanatic, you will enjoy this place enough.  Otherwise I can't strongly recommend it.
2	Points for being quick, relatively inexpensive food that's open late, but the tuna sandwich was very lackluster. :(
4	A breath of fresh air after five days of eating big, heavy, expensive meals.  I got the Reuben and a side of potato salad it was pretty damn good.  My boyfriend got the pastrami and was pleased to see them freshly slice a huge slab of steaming meat.  Not a bad deal for $20.  We dipped into the Grand Canyon souvenir/junk shop to get some chips for our meal.  Sides and drinks were a tad overpriced.Not the biggest selection of sandwiches so if you're a picky eater, you may not be too excited about this place.Four stars for reasonably-priced and not being deep fried and greasy!
4	good place to grab a cheap breakfast sandwhich and coffee if you do not want to spend a fortune on breakfast. Kind of an algternative to starbucks but with breakfast sandwiches. Husband had matzaball soup and said it was good.
1	I was trying to find a quick place for breakfast before I left to go to the airport.  This place sounded like a good idea - hot toasted bagel with ham, egg, and cheese.  The egg was a pre-formed piece of square that they pulled out, put a slice of ham and a slice of cheese on top... then stuck in the MICROWAVE.  Ugh.. at least they toasted my bagel separately.
2	OK, but would not try again.  Ordered a ham and cheese sandwich on wheat bread, with chips and bottled water.  Total was $12+.  The sandwich itself was incredibly ordinary.  It did come with crunchy dill pickles, which were nice to chomp on.  They did not ask if I wanted my bread toasted.  Limited seating.  I sat in the sports book area adjacent.  Accepts credit cards.  Had a few other sandwich choices - Reuben, pastrami, turkey.  A pre-packaged salad.  Krispy Kreme Donuts.  BOTTOM LINE:  No thanks.  I like the sandwiches from 7-11 better.
4	This review is mainly for the coffee here. This was the best priced place I could find inside of MGM to get coffee. They have a Starbucks as well, but the prices were over the top even for Starbucks and usually a long line. I lose enough money in the casino so I am not about to pay $7-$8 for a cup of coffee. There was usually no line here and service was fast and efficient. I did try one of their pastrami sandwiches late one night and it was pretty good. A little dry, but the pastrami had good flavor and the portion was generous. I would definitely visit this place again if in need of a quick snack or coffee. It is about the best deal you will find inside the MGM.
3	Great for quick sandwiches on the go or before a game. Smoke in hotel really kills it for me.
2	The sandwiches have a ridiculous amount of meat in them. I got the roast beef and it was really bland.
3	The Stage Deli in New York closed a few years ago, so it was a pleasant surprise to see the name in the MGM Grand.Among many high priced restaurants, the Stage Deli seems like a reasonable choice. In any other locale it might be considered overpriced. Neither of us was particularly hungry, and we were planning on meeting up with relatives so we wanted something quick. There are tables, but there is no table service. The menu includes the typical sandwiches - corned beef, pastrami, etc. They have other typical deli fare including soup. Kerrie and I shared a Matzo Ball Soup and fresh fruit. On the menu, which we didn't get, were various Dr Brown's sodas.The soup was outstanding. The fruit was okay. I really wish they offered table service.
1	Sandwiches are just bread and a few slices of meat, not worth it for $9. Pretty subpar
2	Small little deli next to the sports area. I was feeling under the weather and wanted some chicken noodle soup, they didn't have noodle, but they did have chicken soup and the cashier was like "it's good, lots of chicken." The sign also said home made, but when I paid for it ($5) it came out in one of those black cup of noodle bowls, and tasted less stellar than the ones I'd get from a can of progresso or campbells. While the chicken itself was actual shreds of chicken, there wasn't a lot. Also the chicken soup came with a matzah ball which is like a dumpling ball.
4	Surprisingly decent food. I've almost mistaken this place for a Starbucks several times and finally decided to give it a try one night after Hakkasan. They have quite an interesting selection of food ranging from deli sandwiches to Krispy Kreme donuts. Tt. I've had the beef brisket sandwich and clam chowder; both of which satisfied my hunger quite well. The best part about this place is that the service is extremely fast.
3	If you just want a quick bite to eat then this is perfect spot. They are not open late so get there before 7:00pm
2	The meat is decent but it's way over priced for the sandwich you get. I mean, I know it's supposed to be "fast" but this just sucks. I wished I walked out to the strip and just went to mcdonalds.
3	perfect mid-night snack the pastrami was great price was fair for a Vegas casino, I like that i ddint have to stand around waiting 20min for a sandwich the had it ready in less then 5min and thats with 15people in line ordering before me..
4	Ate the summer barley soup. $5 for a good sized bowl of warm goodness smack dab in the middle of the casino? Let's not get too judgemental, people. That's a good deal for a meal literally steps outside of Hakkasan to end your drunken night of shuffling and/or fist pumping.There were plenty of veggies, chicken, and barley (duh, it's called barley soup)... And I liked it! Can't speak for the rest of the menu, but I'm a soup gal. I probably wouldn't order anything else anyway.Haters gon hate.
3	We went to Stage Deli at the MGM late one night after watching a show.  The sandwiches and chili dog were okay.  The Pastrami Reuben was okay.  It had a lot of meat and was kind of tasty.  But after traveling to New York and eating sandwiches there, it wasn't really a comparison.  The chili was okay but nothing special.  The hot dog was a little skinny and didn't have a snap.  Overall it did the job of a late night snack.
5	Great food and nice people. A very affordable place quick and easy access off the on Las Vegas strip. As close to being in New York as possible.
3	It ain't Katz's or the Carnegie. Sandwiches  are cheaper with less meat. I had the pastrami which was kinda dry but fair.
3	I asked to put cheese on the sandwich the lady looks over her shoulder and yells "hey! Put cheese on that turkey!" And I guess the guy had already made the sandwich.  So he didn't want to go through the trouble of wrapping it up again, because we know that takes so long. So the guy decided to slice 3 pieces of cheese put it on a plate and wrap it in clear plastic. I didn't find out until I took it to my room. The only reason this is a 3 star review and is because the sandwich was good. I asked what was in the sandwich after I paid and the lady sighed and said just lettus. Who wants to eat a sandwich with just meat and lettus. How hard is it to say "would you like tomatoes and onions?" especially if your paying $9.50 for a sandwich. Or at least wright that on the sign somewhere. Next time I'll go to the food court.
1	Frustrating to pay more for low quality.I'm on vacation in a casino.  I expect to pay more, but at least for something good.  The sandwich I ordered was $10 but used grocery bread and iceberg lettuce.  There was no empty tables and the lady at the counter said, "You can sit at Starbucks..."  I walked over to Starbucks with a tray and a number of people bumped into me and almost knocked over my food.Did I mention that the sandwich was not that great???  This place was near the west entrance near the convenience store with a Subway.  Subway would have been almost 50% of the cost and much better quality.
