4	I thought the food and the service was great once I was seated. I will say though that I have been twice late in the afternoon (2-3 PM) and both times there was no one to greet me and I waited a long time for someone to come out of the back (kitchen?) to take me to a table. If I wasn't craving Thai, I would've walked out and no one there would ever even have known I was waiting. This place is not that far from my house and I'm not going back to the Thai place on Indian Sch (Thai Orchid) but when I get tired of being ignored upon entering (and I will), I will drive further to Sala Thai on Litchfield/VanBuren. It is very good though and a pretty little place. (It used to be Picazzo's pizza.)
4	I've been here several times now for lunch and I took dinner to-go a couple of times too. My only complaint abt this place was that there is no one to greet or seat you upon entering. That appears to be fixed. The service was great. Food was delicious. I'm so glad this new place opened. I actually drive past Thai Orchid to come to this place now.
3	Only one waitress. Took fifteen minutes to get my order. I ordered the pad Thai chicken, they didn't have the thai Beef Ma Sa Man Curry i love so much... The pad Thai is decent the last time I was here. I'm actually a fan now. Order it spicy! I had to add extra spice. give this place a try
4	A wonderful addition to the West Valley.  The food is fresh, wonderful presentation.  The dishes are spiced perfectly.  Standouts are the yellow curry and basil chicken.  Warm, gracious service.
4	We ate on a weeknight adn place was slow. we were greeted and seated promtly and the food was excellent!I had the green curry Beef ($11.25) and it was delicious (Best I have had) and had lots of meat.we also had thai tea, Pad Thai chicken (Awesome) ($9.25), crab rangoon ($4.25) and satay beef appetizer ($6.25)  all VERY VERY good.Place was clean and quiet and we will definately be back!
5	We've eaten here several times and every dish I've tried is excellent.  Great pricing and friendly service.  Will definitely be back many more times!
5	Have been here a few times and loved their Thai food. If you know that cuisine well you can order "off the menu" and they will accommodate. The owners and chefs are all from Thailand, everything is so authentic and fresh. I live close so we'll be regulars!
4	Called and ordered 2 chicken Phad Thai dishes for the hub and myself for dinner lastnight, asked for it to be "medium" spicey. We had never eaten here before, as its fairly new. Picked the food up, very nice lady rang it up. Beautiful interior of the place. Brought the food home, dug in. It was delicious! Fresh, full of flavor. The hubs and I were both pleased. Can't wait to go back and try a curry dish!
5	The food deserves 5 stars but the service 3 stars.  It wasn't bad but the poor waitress had her work cut out for her with quite a few patrons to tend to.  She also had quite the accent but that doesn't bother me ... makes it all the more authentic.  It just makes ordering a little ... adventurous.Food was AWESOME.  We had the pad na (big noodles) and it's one of the best we ever had.  We also ordered the pumpkin curry which the hubby thoroughly enjoyed.  A little on the spicy end but of course that's all relative.  We also had the bbq pork and that is probably one of the best I've ever had.  Most places the pork is brown but this place it was white and so so tender!  They even drizzled some of the bbq sauce on it which usually you do not see.  At least I haven't.The decor is nice and service was decent as long as you come in with a positive attitude.  Big cups for water which is also a plus!  We will definitely come again!
5	Woah...I had no idea this restaurant was even in existence until a few days ago. I am a big fan of Thai food and I have to say this place is amazing. I have high standards for Thai food, so for me to give this place 5 stars says something. My boyfriend and I ordered the veggie fried eggrolls, the vegetarian pad thai, and the vegetarian red curry. All dishes were excellent. In fact, I had wished we had ordered even more food because it was all so good and we quickly ate up every last morsel of it. No leftovers is a good sign of a great restaurant! I will definitely be going back to this place and am so excited to find it close to my home in Verrado. We got take-away so I cannot review the service, although the cashier who took care of us was very friendly and nice. Highly recommend this place. Making my mouth water just writing this review. :)
4	Went for lunch and had the spicy fried rice and thai iced coffee. The soup that came with the meal was outstanding as well as the eggroll and potsticker. She asked how spicy I wanted the rice and I said medium and it was plenty spicy but had great flavor, very glad I didn't pick any more spice.Very good price on a great meal and thinking of going back tonight for dinner.
5	OMG, the ambiance is cozy and authentic. Best of all is the delicious food; I am in love with the Tom Yum soup, the fried rice...everything indeed. The staff are always pleasant & attentive and the cook there really knows what she is doing as it shows in the food. I respect that I can taste fresh veggies (which they are generous with). They also take time to work on food plate presentation. Very satisfied and happy they are in the west part of Goodyear.
5	It was girls' lunch out day and we went to Royal Jasmine Thai.  There was a nice lunch menu for choices besides the regular menu.  The place is very clean.  We had a coupon for a free appetizer which was brought out prompty.  We also ordered an app of satay chicken.  It was delicious!  Our meals came with a cup of soup, egg roll, fried wonton, rice, and Everything was delicious.  We did question the potatoes in one of the meals that didn't seem to belong.  They don't have a soda fountain, but canned sodas.I am looking forward to a return meal there!!!
4	Excellent all around.  Service, cleanliness, and food.  I've been there a handful of times and always great.  So happy we have them on this side of town!
5	I completely disagree with the price range... the lunch special was perfectly portioned and only cost $7.I had the red curry with chicken, thai hot. It was the perfect level of spice and flavor. The homemade ice cream with fried banana is the perfect afternoon treat.Everyone in our group had a great experience and enjoyed what they ordered.
5	Ordered the Red Curry lunch special, 'Thai' hot. It had a nice spice to it, not overpowering the flavor. I plan to try the Double Thai Hot next time I am in. Service was great, I drink Iced Tea pretty damn fast, I never had to wait long for a refill. The curry wasn't runny, like many other Thai restaurants. It has a nice consistency. The fried spring rolls were tasty.We also tried the home made ice cream with fried banana. It was a coconut ice cream and it was excellent. I'll be sure to come back, this is my new favorite Thai place in the west valley!
5	Delicious! Ordered tom yum tale, pad see ew, chicken satay, shrimp balls and orange chicken. All were delcious!  Originally from Cali and I have been trying to look for a very good thai place... Finally found it. Tried Line Thai and Thai Orchid. This one is my fav and will definitely be coming back.
5	Took family in from out of town.  We all love Thai - I can't believe I have not been before!  It is easily the best Thai on this side of town and probably can go toe to toe with whatever else is out there.  The Tom Yung soup was awesome - great balance of flavors.  The red curry is addictive.  We were there for their first anniversary and all received complimentary dessert to boot!  yum!!
5	Great dinner for a good price. The service was fast and the portions were good.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants in the Phoenix area. I've eaten here several times. The service is always good. The food is tremendous! I love the spiciest version of several of their dishes. I will definitely be back again!
3	Good, kind of expensive but good.  Chicken pad Thai and Pad See Ew and egg rolls were all tasty.
5	Great food and service! Great lunch specials for under $7. I'm already looking forward to going back soon!
2	We asked to sit on the patio and were told that we couldn't. We asked why and were told, "Dirty". From what we could see it wasn't dirty at all. Even if it was dirty, CLEAN IT so we can enjoy dinner on the patio that is advertised. We left to another Thai restaurant...
5	I love this restaurant and Goodyear is so lucky to have it.  I'm so worried because every time I'm here, there's a skeleton crew of diners.  I'm hoping they do a lot of takeout, because if we lose this place, the only good Thai near us is Siam on 51st Ave and Northern.  Get out and support this place, it's FAB!!
5	Still one of our favorite places that we eat at a couple times a month. I hope people are supporting this place as I'd hate for them to close.
5	This place is much better than the other Thai restaurants in the area. Super authentic, very reasonably priced, and the servers are friendly. Everything is always good so we come here whenever we feel adventurous and want to try a new Thai dish.
5	Food is great , good lunch specials, and descent dinner prices also. Orange chicken and all the different curry's are good .
5	This was such a good surprise way out in Goodyear! Very, very good Thai food. I had the spicy noodles, I ordered it medium but had to send it back because it was too spicy for me (and I do like heat, but I'm not one of those crazies where nothing is hot enough...) when it came back, it was a dish to die for... Not too sweet, and perfectly savory and with just the right amount of spice (for me). Very nice service, especially considering they redid my dish. We were a group of 10 and yet they were very accommodating. I would highly recommend and would go back again!
5	Now anyone who's read any of my reviews has seen me say over and over again, that me and my partner have big appetites.  We're not dainty eaters.And so, it was with great anticipation, that we paid a visit to this restaurant after working out.  Perhaps that wasn't the smartest thing to do, since we're usually not so hungry after lifting.  Nevertheless, we ordered two Thai teas; the appetizer combo plate; a combo curry entree for me; the Penang Peanut curry for him.The Thai teas were a little sweeter than I've had in other places, but sinfully delicious, nonetheless.  The appetizer combo for $11 was a surprise.  Frankly, I would have described it as "Asian fusion" rather than Thai, but that was hardly a problem.  I've had similar combo appetizers in other Thai places for the same amount of money and they hadn't had half the amount of food this one did.  I wasn't expecting to see tempura broccoli; and the fried scallops on the stick instead of beef was interesting and tasty.  The crab puffs actually had more than cream cheese in it and nothing was greasy, which you'd expect from a plate full of fried food.Unfortunately, by the time we were done with the appetizers, we had to ask them to pack the entrees to go without even having had a forkful.  Back at home a few hours later, however, we dug in and can now report further.The combo curry is so named, because it comes with three kinds of meat instead of the usual one.  You choose the curry color  (I chose red and hot).  It was indeed spicy, but not enough to drown out the tastes of the meat.  Perhaps, I would have wanted a little less sauce; but that didn't ruin anything at all.  My partner thought the Penang Peanut quite good.The restaurant is located in a quiet corner of a mall.  We showed up there around 6pm on a Friday and it was not packed.  Service was quick and friendly, as well as efficient.  The decoration is simple, but doesn't distract from your dining experience.I must say, that, overall, this restaurant deserves the very positive reviews it's been getting.  I am constantly surprised at the quality of restaurants here in Goodyear.  You wouldn't expect such skill and service in the middle of nowhere.  Then again, with the economy slowly getting better, it may just be that the bullet we dodged five years ago, when they wanted to make Goodyear a metropolis in the desert, may just be boomeranging back and maybe we'll be seeing more such restaurants soon.Oh, and it doesn't hurt that the place is open til 10pm on Fridays and Saturdays.  So nice not to have to drive all the way to "the city" for a late meal, isn't it?
5	A very good Thai restaurant.  I enjoy a good curry and the red and green curry are fabulous.  The staff is terrific and I will be going back again really soon!
5	Awesome lunch specials, $6.95 can't be beat for meal, soup, spring roll and pot sticker. I always try the red curry when I go to a new Thai restaurant. I ordered the medium hot version. Overall it was delicious, didn't over crowd my plate with food, just enough for lunch. Service was excellent, ordered food in a few minutes, soup arrived two minutes later and main meal arrived a few minutes after finishing the soup. The restaurant has a nice tranquil setting also.
5	My boyfriend introduced me to this place a few months ago, and it is the best.  The curry dishes are amazing.  Service is great they know our order by heart.  Tucked away in a random strip mall in Goodyear you would never know it was here.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
5	My hubby and I just had dinner here. We both enjoyed our meals and egg roll appetizer. The coconut ice cream with sticky rice and sprinkled with nuts was the highlight of our meal, as it was our first time experiencing. Now it's a favorite and we look forward to another great meal!
5	A great variety of dishes to choose from for $7 at lunchtime!  Such a deal. Includes soup or salad, egg roll and pot sticker.  Think I found my new favorite spot for lunch when I'm in AZ.
4	Still one of my favorite places but went in for lunch the other day and had terrible service. Walked through the door and told "sit anywhere" which I did. Sat for a long time while others were seated and given menus (wonder why I wasn't?). After the waitress looked at me giving her the evil eye she came over and said "what can I get you?" and I responded with "a menu would be a good start" and she acted surprised that I didn't have one already. I told her nevermind about the menu and just ordered the standby Pad Thai. She brought my iced tea and dropped off my food and I never seen her again at my table.It was busy and there should have been more than one waitress trying to run the whole place.The food was still great and I'll be back but I do hope the service is better next time.
5	I love this place. Its right down the road from my house and I just recently discovered it. Great food and good prices make for an excellent dining experience . The Orange Chicken is amazing and the Pad Mee is outstanding!  LOVE the sticky rice desserts!! Best part is that they are not super busy but have a steady flow of customers. That signals to me it's a good place to eat. Its a MUST TRY for West-siders as well as the rest of the valley.
4	Nom Nom Nom... Yummy ThaiYellow Curry and Duck Soup were both excellent.  Serving portions were generous.  And the kids meal fried rice was okay.  Service staff was super nice and the restaurant is well appointed.On the other side, there was food on the floor and chair, along with a used napkin on the table leg where they sat us.  Probably just a rare miss.We'll definitely visit again because the food was so tasty.  Their curry was perfect on a chilly night.
4	The service was spot on.  They have a very small bar section (three seats) but for someone often on the road it was perfect. The alcohol selection is very limited (primarily beer and wine) but they make this up with wonderful food. I tried the mild yellow curry with chicken.  A lot of sauce (it could have used some more potatoes and onions) but a strong flavor. Far from fine dining but a great local, casual dining spot.
5	Great food!!!!!!
5	Woohoooooo!  We have located the holy grail of Thai food in the west valley!  (review is for take-out not dine-in)Having been to Thai Orchid multiple times and thinking that it just wasn't my most favorite Thai spot, we decided to try something new one night when we felt like getting take-out...Thai style.  This place already has higher ratings than Thai Orchid.  So there you go!  Or course, I ordered Pad Won Sen and my hubby got his favorite, Pad Cee Ew.  Both do not come spicy, but we had ours made with mild spice...not knowing if this was one of those places that is higher or lower than their stated spice scale.  Well...their mild is definitely their medium!  So tread lightly and carefully.  Both dishes were way more flavorful than Thai Orchid for sure.  We were very impressed.  We have now ordered take-out from them 3 times and every time is just as good as the last!  Also?  Their grilled pot-stickers are spot on tasty.  Not a huge fan of their eggrolls or the sauce that comes with them though...I do prefer Thai Orchid's for sure.  If you're in the west valley, definitely order yourself some take-out or try dining in too.  It is well worth it!!
5	I've been meaning to write a review about this place for a while. This i my and my co-workers go to place for lunch. I've tried several of their dishes and can honestly say there's maybe 1 or 2 that I didn't love. The curry is great (red, yellow, and green). The lunch portions are filling and not expensive at all. Customer service is good and they have the best pot stickers I've had whether they are grilled, steamed or fried. The pot stickers come with some kind of sweet soy sauce that is the best. Kudos to this place, it'll definitely be one of the establishments I'll miss once I leave Arizona.
5	Yum. There is nothing less than excellent at this place. We had the pad Thai, red curry, egg rolls, and a soup. All excellent. Great lunch specials, includes soup or salad and an egg roll for 6.95. Really nice service too.
4	Visiting Phoenix for the first time and find this restaurant nearby Goodyear subdivision. The restaurant is located in a strip mall. We have appetizer combination to start, fish ball is tasty, deep fried broccoli and eggplant is a bit crunchy. House salad with peanut dressing is good. Pad Thai is a tad bit on the sour side. Overall the meal is good. Service is excellent, waitress is attentive. Always check on our water and tea refill.
5	Nice location, and nice decor. Clean restaurant with polite helpful waitresses. Food here is amazing, especially due to the fact that they can make certain items without fish sauce and oyster sauce. The wontons and red curry are my favorite here. Rice portions could be larger.
5	First time here. Food was excellent and the wait staff attentive and courteous. I'll be back for sure!
4	The food was good.  I asked for them to make it spicy but they forgot to put in the hot stuff.  I had to do it my self.  that was very disappointing.
1	My wife and I eat lunch here weekly and normally love the place. Today was the worst experience I've had in a restaurant.We arrived at 11:30 and there were 7 tables seated and none of them had ordered and were waiting on menus, their drink orders to be taken and then their food order to be taken. As we were all waiting several other parties were seated and their drink orders and food orders were taken immediately before the 7 tables that were already waiting.The waitress today was the most clueless I've ever seen. She would just walk back and forth through the restaurant doing nothing while everyone was waiting to be served. She would ask someone for their drink order and go get one ice water and not bring back the other tables drink order that she had already taken.The worst problem was after a LONG wait for our food she brought them out and walked right past our table and I noticed it was our order. However, she walked it over to a table with seven people and asked them who had the "fried rice and sweet and sour chicken?". They all told her they didn't belong to that table yet she sat the meals down in the middle of their table and walked away. They all started looking at one another wondering why the heck she left them there and she was walking past our table I said "I think those were our meals" and she went over and picked them up and brought them to us and didn't say a word. We never got a refill on our drinks, we didn't get the spice tray or sweet and sour sauce we asked for.The food tasted totally different and was not the same recipe they normally use. The food was cold when it came out and had no flavor at all. My fried rice looked like white rice with some broccoli and onions in it and wasn't fried at all.First time in my life I didn't tip a waitress. If I ever go back and see that same waitress I will turn around and walk out. This was not the Asian waitresses that normally work there, this one looked Hispanic and she was terrible. She was so bad the cooks in the kitchen were taking orders and running food and drinks because she could not keep up.
5	Tried it again for lunch today and it was back to normal. Food was as good as normal and they had much more help today. So thankful I don't have to cross Royal Jasmine off our list of great places.
5	My fav in the area! Decent prices.  Nice atmosphere. Perfect for takeout too. Hubby and I usually ordered two items and shared.  You can even just order appetizers and share. Nice portions.
5	My hubby and I got away from the kiddos for a little bit last Friday night and decided to finally eat here. We walked in and were greeted and seated right away. We checked in with Yelp and received a free appetizer, we chose the fried wontons. They were light, crispy, hot and the sweet and sour sauce was tasty. We ordered the chicken pad Thai and the Larb salad with beef. We asked for both medium. The Larb is by far my favorite Thai dish. It is so complex in flavor and great texture from the veggies. The medium was a bit spicy for our tastes, but I finished all of what was on the plate despite smoke almost coming out of my ears-- that is how good it was. The pad Thai was good, a little sweet and not as spicy. It was really good cold right out of the fridge as leftovers the next day. We will definitely be going back in the near future and we hope it stays busy and in Litchfield Park.
2	The food was taste but was cold. The service wasn't very good. They didn't check back to see if we wanted anything until we were almost finished eating. We would have had soy sauce, it want on the table. We couldn't get the servers attention to ask for anything don't  think I'll be back.
5	Beautiful place. The hubby and o decided to stop in for take out. We ordered vege pad thai and pineapple fried rice w mango sweet rice to go and spring rolls and thai tea while we waited. The thai tea is SO delicious!  Omg. I could have drank 4. Cant wait to eat...
5	Being from NY I am skeptical of any Chinese, Thai etc. I was very happy with my Red curry chicken. tasted just like my favorite Thai place in NYC!
4	Food was good but service lacked. We sat with empty water glasses until the very end of the meal while we watched her attend to every other table numerous times. To make it worse my husband had the hot red curry, water would have been nice. But she was nice.
4	This place was a surprise for myself and my husband, we were driving from California to Texas back to California for a wedding over a weekend, first of all not a good idea, secondly on the way back we are both hungry since we are trying to bust a mission here and haven't really bothered to stop and eat, mostly just drive, drink, pee. We got into AZ and couldn't wait any more, we were going to stop at the first place we saw we could sit down at and relax for about 45 minutes. Well the first like 5 places were packed so we Yelped this place and thought why not. The staff was really friendly and the food was surprisingly good. I'm not a huge food snob but growing up in the area of So.Cal I have, you eat a lot of food from a ton of different places and thai has been a staple in my family. The curry was awesome with a great blend of spices! The sticky rice was good too! Definitely a great place to eat and sit back for awhile. If I'm ever in the area I think I would stop again
5	This place is great. Its off the beaten path a bit but well worth finding it. The service is very friendly and has the restraunt has a good atmosphere. The food is the real highlight, fresh, cooked well and delicious! I ordered a seafood type soup. I dont remember the name of the dish but it comes with 5 or 6 different seafood items in a mildly spicy coconut milk broth, so good. The papaya salad was great as well.
4	Love it...spicy and flavorful!  Great prices!  Service is a little slow but it's worth the wait!
3	UPDATE:Ok so since my last review which was the first time we ate here...we have made this place one of our go-to regular stops. We always order the same things. Pineapple rice, shrimp pad thai, fresh shrimp rolls and two mango sweet rice. We also added thai tea a few times. THAT stuff is DELIGHTFUL! So we still love it but every time we order it seems to have less and less flavor. So i am lowering their stars. We ordered again last night and it was ok. Better than before so maybe its just not consistent and weekends are better. we are planning on trying the curry dishes next time.
5	Being here the 3rd time in less than 30 days, I'd like to say I've tried a different dish every time. But that's a lie. I've always grabbed fried fish balls for appetizer. And have tried Chicken Tom Yum, chicken Pa-nang curry, and my fave is the Thai pumpkin curry. I've been trying to fight the crave for that pumkin curry!! I ask for level 3 spice, but it's a good hint of spice.The prices are reasonable and the ambience is laid back and quiet.  The servers are professional and do a great job getting back to you. I've never been here at peak meal hours, so I don't know if that would change on that. I highly recommend this place as its so far my fave in the southwest valley of PHX. Military discount available :)
5	We started with the free egg rolls with a yelp check-in & I usually have one bite and leave the rest but I ate the whole thing & right now am wondering how pathetic it would look to dig the last one out of our to-go bag. We frequently order the same things which is phad-see-ewe, Penang curry & green curry all were fresh made and excellent. A bit spicy for the mild dish but this will be our new favorite Thai place along with Sala Thai (but you have to get to go from them because the landlord won't fix the smell in the building. Thanks Royal Jasmine see you soon.
5	This was an unplanned stop along a nationwide road trip - but boy was it memorable! The waitress was so helpful and urged us to try new items, such as the spicy chicken wings. These were absolutely delicious, so crisp and flavorful on the outside with a juicy and tender interior. We both had soups that night, including a tom yum with a coconut base. I would highly recommend this place to anyone! Definitely ask for recommendations from the servers as well!
4	Very good Pad See Ewe
5	Our new favorite thai place. Fried rice was my favorite. Padthai and pad see ew with hot chili sauce was really good too! we also got the free fried wantons for checking in.
4	Good food made and served by actual Thai people. Coming from the west coast, a lot of people have misconceptions about how Thai food should taste. While it wasn't the best Thai food I've ever had, it was very good. They are also not afraid to spice your food up if you ask them to. Most places are very shy with heat but they will make it searing hot here if you like I that way. The thing that stood out the most about this place was the wonderful service and family atmosphere of the people running the house. Our server was spot on with her service and the owner stopped by our table to check on us and fill our water. They are very good at communicating everything. Truly exceptional service. We will be back!!
5	Three of us ate here for the first time and we all raved about the food. It was excellent and the service was extremely pleasant!  We will be back again and again.
5	Cheap and great! Excellent service. Delicious food. I had never seen many salad choices at a Thai restaurant ! My wife ordered one of the pork salads with ginger. It was great. Beer and wine only with singha bottles. One of my favorites.  Yelp gives a free app if you check in ahead of your visit. Free spring rolls for us. Nice place in litchfield park area!
5	Quick and simple... we love this place. Great food, good portions, and a fair price. If you haven't tried it and you enjoy Thai food make a stop for some good food.
2	As a fellow server i'm a believer in tipping well when deserved. That being said i'm never received such a snotty service that I didn't want to tip at all. For half of our meal our server was talking on the phone while serving our table using hand signals. After our food came we waited a good fifteen minutes to wait for her to come by the table to ask for more rice but she never did. So I went up to to the front to interrupt her personal phone call to ask for more rice. She brought it. Then disappeared in the kitchen still on the phone. After we finished we sat for a good while before she brought our ticket. We love the place great food but when I have a server who is so unfriendly I want to leave as soon as my meal is over. Women like that should not be servers
2	Just wasn't impressed.  Pad Thai was really gummy.  The Panang chicken curry wasn't that good.  Eggrolls, were just eh.  The papaya salad was delicious though.  The server was very nice.    Maybe I was there on an off day?
4	The food is great. Love the Phad See Ewe the Panang Chicken, Green Curry and juicy chicken satay! Fast service but Super unfriendly and feeling like we are bothering one woman at her job. Quan (Kwan? Not sure of spelling) was a pure delight. She's happy, friendly and warm...other servers should follow her example and be kind and happy.Try if you love Thai!! 4stars for food, not service.
5	Really good Thai food in west valley. My husband loves the green curry and I really like the chicken pad Thai. Great cream cheese ragoons. Good prices!
2	I had take out from here last night. The chicken pad Thai had dry strips of reddish chicken that I was barely able to chew. There were two black chunks of some unknown substance. They sort of looked like burnt, opened pistachio shells. I was so hoping I would love this place. I won't go there for pad Thai again.
5	This local restaurant has great food that can be prepared Vegan, organic, and with meat. So much easier to deal with my food allergies when a restaurant is this thoughtful. Great service too!
4	Decor is very nice and clean. In a small shopping center/business center. They also have a patio that looks pretty with little lights. The food is great. We have ordered Tom Ka Kha (sp) soup (coconut tom yum soup), pahd see ew, pahd thai and panang. I did not prefer the pahd thai but my husband loved it. Everything else I thought was very delicious and flavorful. Their service was spot on, always with a smile. We've returned several times here and have never been disappointed. They have $2 domestic beer during their happy hour which is also cool. :)
5	Amazing and attentive service and Delicious food! Menu has a huge selection! My husband and I are definitely coming back!
4	This place has a wonderful atmosphere,  great staff, and good food. Their service is great; however, I have had to wait too long for a drink refill too many times. I like most of their food; however, their curry is more than disappointing. Personally, I love spicy food. One of my favorite types of food are spicier Thai dishes; however, I was seriously disappointed when I ordered their most spicy item. The flavor was off just a bit and it was no where near spicy. Deciding to give it another go, I ordered the same item on a different trip, this time asking them to make it as spicy as they can. That time, it was better; but, still missing something and it did not have the heat I am accustomed to.Bottom line, everything on their menu is great, other than their curry dishes. I highly recommend their Thai tea, Thai coffee, appetizers,  and desserts.
5	I just went to this place for the first time based on the reviews on here and OMG, it is fantastic. I loved everything here, we had the Crab Rangoon, it was delicious perfectly made - not too much of cream cheese or crab. My husband got the Larb salad with beef, I got the pumpkin curry with beef (which I'm now going back for whenever I want curry)! And my son got the chicken teriyaki with fried. All was fantastic tasting. I'll definitely come back often.
4	VERY GOOD PUMPKIN CURRY! Pumpkin was used to thicken the curry and chunks of pumpkin all though it! Even the white meat chicken was moist and good!                                                                                   YUM!The Pad Gra Pow was delicious but lacked enough basil. It would have been perfect if it had enough basil. I would ask them to add on extra basil if I come back and get it. We both ordered level 4 out of five for heat and one came out fiery hot and the other was pretty tame but tasty! The Summer Rolls were very fresh but I'd skip them because I didn't care for the sweet teriyaki like sauce for dipping.They also offer brown rice and sticky rice here.Dining room is sort of lavish. It's very decorated with tapestry, drapes, dark carved wood furniture. Almost like someone's Grandmother's house. (If you have a Thai Grandmother)They had a current grade "A" health inspection posted.Service was quick and efficient.VERY GOOD!Worth a try when you're in the area!
5	Just outstanding. The coconut soup is now my new comfort soup. Everything was fresh and the service was great. A definite keeper.
5	Awesome food, awesome service, Im not sure about the location, definitely will eat here again
4	We had spring rolls that were ok, a little in the bland. Pot stickers that were very good. Cashew Chicken was very good however I like my dishes spicy and if you do not tell them up front how you want it they bring it bland or without any spices. I did ask them and they brought spices to the table. I also asked and they will cook the spices in if you ask as you order. Lastly we got some free fried egg rolls, they were ok I am just not a huge fan of fried foods.
5	Great Thai Food and Service. I came here once a few months ago and been back several times since. If I'm in the mood for Thai I'm coming here for sure.
4	This was our first visit. We had duck curry, Pad Thai and spicy friend rice. Everything was hot and fresh. We'll definitely be going back.
5	If you like Thai food, this is the perfect place. Every dish we had was perfect and the service was great! Recommend the yellow curry!
5	My family and I have been here a few times. And we will for sure be continuing to go back. This Restaurant has amazing food!! Staff is really nice!!Its hard to recommend any one dish because honestly everything is so good! If you are ever looking for a private big group event this is also a great place. I had my husbands 30th surprise bday party here. They gave us the outside patio. Owner and staff were very helping and went above and beyond making sure it was nice. I only had a hour during day to decorate. So i could not go over to many details on how I wanted things set up. I really wanted it too look nice and it set up a certain way. But when we arrived that night it was awesome. Staff put white table clothes on tables. Buffet table was set up nice. They also had a table with with wine, wine glasses, cake accessories. It was great. Big Thank you to owner and staff for a great night! :)
5	Great atmosphere! Took my wife on a date and was more than what we expected. Service was unusually good! And the food was really good. I am glad that we now have found a place close to home that we can enjoy good Thai food. Pad-see-ew was excellent.
5	I tried this place three different times, and the food does not disappoint! However if you plan on eating its better not to be in a hurry. The service is slow, but that could be cultural, I am not sure. The wait was worth it though. I tried the coconut curry soup, Larp chicken salad, and home made coconut ice cream ! Yummy! I love this place, I just can't go if I am in a hurry. Updated
5	Absolutely delicious! A group of 4 adults and a child, we were looking for something easy to get to while staying at the Wigwam Resort. We shared the Vegetable Rolls, Vegetable Eggrolls, Fried Tofu and Potstickers to start. The tofu was very crispy on the outside but soft and fluffy in the middle. Each was delicious and perfectly cooked. We also shared the Papaya Salad and Tom Kha soup, both of which had perfect spice and incredible flavor. Then the husbands had the Basil Eggplant and Salmon Curry. Incredible! My daughter had vegetable fried rice and it was so tasty - not like your typical fried rice that is oily. Every single dish was perfectly cooked and everything tasted very fresh. Service was prompt and the staff was very nice and accommodating. Highly recommend this lovely place!
5	During marching season, my boyfriend and I went here nearly every Friday for date night. We still go every few Fridays, as we absolutely love it here! The food is delicious, especially the curry and coconut ice cream. The servers are always kind, they tend to try keeping conversations short and to the point. Its an extremely nice restaurant.
5	This is a little jewel off the beaten path.  Love their lunches!  We have been here often.  Love the Orange Chicken and the Thai Pad Chicken.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is cozy and happy.  Try it!  This is a wonderful restaurant!
2	I read such great reviews so I was excited to try it.  We ordered take out.  The Pad Thai was bland.  I had to add salt.  To Asian food!  That never happens.  The rice noodles were over cooked.    I ordered chicken and plain rice for my 10 year old.  The chicken was like shoe leather.  Terrible.   I gave it to our dogs and they choked on it!  No lie.  I gave it two stars because the Crab Rangoon was edible.
