5	So it looks like I'm reviewing jewelry stores today.  I came here with my perpetually broke but quite bejeweled friend a few months ago.  I will say that any jeweler with a sales lady who practically begs me to try on a $140,000 diamond ring and gives me a bottle of water is 5-stars in my book!
4	Great friendly service here which was quite a surprise at the Biltmore.  I've had negative experiences at other merchants so I had reduced expectations for a jewelry store.  Outstanding selection of brand names for timepieces including Chopard, Breitling, Rolex, and more.  They were very willing to show me several pieces without much prompting.  I can't stand places like Ben Bridge that seem so reluctant to take out a piece for closer viewing.
2	I recently took my Movado watch in for repair. I was disappointed to hear it would have to be shipped out, but I was gauranteed it would be fixed within a few weeks.  The man actually doing the repair emailed me with a cost estimate and had me sign off before they began the work. The watch was repaired, but it took much longer than I was promised (almost 6 weeks). In addition, after I got it home and inspected it I noticed it appeared as though they had left it in a cleaning solution for to long. The inside was tarnished and it took several polishing wipes later to get the stains off. For the price I paid I would have expected a higher quality of care.
5	In today's economy where most businesses try to provide the least and charge the most, I feel that it is necessary to give credit where credit is due.  Thus, I'd like to give a shout out to Hyde Park Jewelers in Phoenix, and specifically, Quinton V, one of their sales associates.  Quinton made the engagement ring and wedding band purchasing process extremely easy and very low pressure.  He is very well informed and was great at teaching me all about diamonds.  He spent an hour with me the first time I walked in the store and never pressured me into buying anything or spending more than I wanted.  I ended up with the perfect engagement ring.  Fast forward five months and we went back into the store to buy bands.  Again, Quinton was very easy to work with, put us both at ease, and provided us with several options that fit our budget.  We walked out less than an hour later with the perfect band as well.  I appreciate businesses that go the extra mile to make sure that customers are happy with their purchasing decisions and take the time to inform them without pressuring them during the process.  If you are looking for a quality jewelery store without the high pressure sales environment, go to Hyde Park and ask for Quinton.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Its a really nice place. This bad experience is partly our fault for showing up 5 minutes before closing. We were not planning on buying that day. The service was ok but rushed and told us to come back as they were closing. I understood but when you are talking about a high end purchase you would think they wouldnt rush you out the door. Well we went to Jared who was open until 10pm. Again we were not planning on purchasing. However the service was so great and they helped us find the perfect ring that we made the purchase. I wonder if they know we were that ready to buy if they would have rushed us out the door.
2	Went in to look at a matching wedding band for my Tacori engagement ring.  The man that helped us was nice while we were in the store and was going to reach out to Tacori regarding a few questions we had.  He honestly wasnt overly knowledgeable about the brand, which was fine since he was willing to contact Tacori directly.  We never heard from him so we bought the Tacori wedding ring elsewhere.  I don't know why he didn't call us...I can't imagine him thinking we were not serious given I already have a Tacori engagement ring with a diamond that is well over 2 carats.  Oh well.  Their loss.On another note, I've had my ring cleaned in their store and the designer specifically says that their rings are NEVER to be placed in Sonicare.  When I mentioned this to the sales person he had no idea.  So much for authorized retailer.
5	We searched for months for the right engagement ring.  I was not impressed at all the big name jewelry stores. I ended up at Hyde Park Jewelers at the Biltmore shopping center.  I was prepared to be disappointed again with over priced pieces and poor quality.  I was pleasantly surprised. Even though the store has a great selection, Nancy went out of her way to make sure the diamond I was looking for was there for me to view. I chose to have my ring crafted and have not been disappointed. It's not a build your own from a selection they offer, like you see on-line. It's an actual person that creates your jewelry by what you design or request.  The customer service has been wonderful.  Nancy answered all my inquiries and has kept me updated through the whole process. Wish we had started out at this jeweler.  I will continue to be a customer in the future and recommend this jewelry store to all my friends.
5	My wife and stopped in after shopping a competitor. In contrast to the other store which was extremely rude, Hyde Park was very welcoming and helpful. The service was terrific and they treated us with respect. The store offered to ship in several watches that we were considering, all at no cost to us. I can honestly say we were so impressed that all of our jewelry shopping will start here from now on!
2	I called about having a strap swapped out on my IWC, was asked if I purchased the watch here and I told them I had not since I moved from out of state. The staff member I spoke with told me no problem and to come down. Was surprised when I made the trip to be told by the gentleman at the service desk that there was a $20 charge.So I went down the street to ED Marshall where they changed out my strap for free and I bought the GMT that I have had my eye on. It's never a good sign when a jeweler wants to nickel and dime you, and I'd rather give my business to a jeweler with an appreciation for customer service.
