4	My friend recommended this place to me and I've been back every time I need a haircut.  It's in Chinatown on the 2nd floor of a strip mall.  Michelle cuts my hair and always does a great job. They prefer if you call ahead to make an appointment, but I was able to walk in this morning and get my summer cut and a blow dry for $30.  It's Korean-owned but they speak English and are very nice.  I would recommend it.
4	I had just recently gotten my hair cut in AZ, so I didn't really need a cut.  But because of the texture of my hair (slightly wavy only in certain places), I thought the cut could benefit from a Magic straight perm or a digital perm, as well as shorten my morning prep time.  So I looked up a place here in Vegas that offered both types of perms since I would be here for a short visit with my family.  There is only one place that I know of in AZ that offers these two services and I decided that I didn't really want to go back there after my last visit...which was a while ago.(Magic staight perms and digital perms are pretty popular and well known in the Korean/Japanese communities.  They are, in general, standard services that many Korean and Japanese women get on a regualr basis in order to achieve the kinds of styles popularized in Korean and Japanese style magazines, television dramas, and pop culture in general.  For those who are not aware of what Magic straight perms or digial perms are, they are similar to regualr perms in the sense that they are chemical procedures applied to the hair.  But, unlike regular perms, the purpose of the Magic straight perm is to straighten rather than curl the hair whereas the purpose of a digital perm is to provide a soft spiral effect (unlike regular perms), similar to what you would get from a curling iron.) I found two salons: Marhsall's and Beauty to Beauty.  I had called both places for a quote on the straight perm (this is what I was leaning more towards) and decided to go to Marshall's because the price they quoted me was a little easier on the wallet.  I was quoted $70 at Marshall's vs. $250 at Beauty to Beauty. Although I can't compare Marshall's to any other salon in Vegas that offers Magic straight perms (or digital perms), I can say that my stylist  Michelle did a good job.  She recommeded I go with a straight perm because my hair was a bit too short for a digital perm. She was able to provide me with a straight perm that worked with my current cut.  (Like I said, i had just gotten my hair cut and did not want another one, except for the necessary adjustments to accomodate the perm, especially since I am trying to grow my hair out.)  She added lift and a slight curve to my shortest layers, which are on top, and further straightened my longer bottom layers so they wouldn't curl under.  The effect she was able to acheive was really nice, exactly what I wanted. . . very much in line with current trends for short hair in Korean/Japanese hairstyles.  The only problem I had with the staright perm was that after the perm I was left with a small patch of hair on top with ends that were kind of kinky, rough, and didn't lay flat.  I found that this happens every now and then with any kind of perm, but I'm not sure why.  Perhaps some issue with placing the hair with wispy (uneven) ends on the rods?  In any case, that I had a small patch like this was not really a big deal.  I think I was more critical of the fact that it was not caught and corrected by cutting these kinky ends off and blending them into the rest of the hair.  I let Michelle know that I would be okay with any adjustments to the hairstyle that would be needed to accomodate the perm, and Michelle "corrected" the problem during the styling process instead by using a flat iron to flatten out the hair.  Although this did deal with the issue at hand, it was a temporary fix.  I had to actually cut and blend these ends myself when I got home, which I think is somewhat ironic.  One of my reasons for getting a straight perm was to help cut down on my morning prep time and I was a bit disappointed that I was allowed to leave the salon with a problem that would have required me to use a flat iron every morning to get rid of this small rough, kinky patch of hair when it could have been easily remedied for good with a simple trim and blend.  However, I will say that my hair was minimally damaged by the perm:  lighter in color and a little dry, but not really anything a good conditioner couldn't fix.     All-in-all I was happy with what I got for the price.
4	I LOVE ME A GOOD JAPANESE STRAIGHTENING PERM!  First time I experienced THE PERM was in Hong Kong where I got the hook up at a highly rated salon because I was friends with one of the salon workers.  I fell in love with the perm within seconds of seeing the end result. Beautiful, shiny, pin straight hair, the kind I thought I was only featured in magazines. Of course, growing up with hair that always had a slight natural wave, I wouldn't ever be fully satisfied with my hair until it was disciplined into straightened perfection.  The magic perm, otherwise known as the Japanese straightening perm, or fu lei zi as they call it in Hong Kong, will achieve these results.  It will make your hair more manageable and cut minutes off your morning routine, something I so desperately need with the current work schedule I have.  While I don't think I'll ever be able to get the perm in the US for as cheap as I did in HK, (exchange rates, gotta love them) I can say that the price at Marshall Beauty Salon was reasonable, and definitely the least expensive of the Asian salons in Las Vegas.  Michelle and Gowooni were super stars, and very patient with me when they went through my options of straightening perms (they feature more than one). They weren't pushy or overbearing and allowed me to make a choice without feeling pressured. They were honest about the entire process and very informative.  Michelle was sure to fully examine my hair and texture while asking my questions about my hair history.  I felt like she cared about my hair as if it was her own, and you know how much us girls love and dote upon our hair.  I appreciated the sincerity of their customer service: Gowooni offered me coffee or green tea and brought over some magazines along with a lap pillow during the perming process.   A little shoutout for Gowooni, she is seriously  gifted at washing hair.  I never thought a person could posses a hair washing talent, but Gowooni has hair washing to an art form.  She is thorough, making sure every soap sud is washed out and goes over the underside of your neck multiple times; I felt confident that the perm solution was completely washed out of my hair.  She was also very attentive to the actual straightening process, sectioning my hair into parts and going over each section multiple times to ensure its smoothness.  Having had a really poor experience at another Asian salon that will go unnamed (and also unYelped) I must give a special thank you to Marshall Beauty Salon for renewing my confidence in Asian salons.  Also, for helping me realize that I don't need to buy a plane ticket to Asia every time I need a good straightening perm.  And finally, thank you Marshall Beauty Salon for helping me conquer bad hair days in the future and letting me invest the time I would be spending on my hair  towards other causes.Check out my profile pictures for the finished product!
5	I had a chance to visit las vegas over the weekend and I felt like getting a hair cut there. After a brief reserch, ( thanks to iPhone and yelp) I decided to try Marshall beauty salon near Chinatown. When I got there, I was introduced this hair specialist name Leah and I realized how lucky I was to be her customer at the end. I was surprised  not only with her cutting skill but her knowledge and passion about being a hair stylist. She told me that her specialty is coloring and perming. Well, I don't know how she handles women's hair but I am very happy with my new look and I will absolutely come back next time. Gentlemen! Need a nice new hair cut, ask for Leah, she won't disappoint you.
5	One sentence!. GO TO LEAH!!!!
5	Been going to this salon for 5 years! I always go to MICHELLE, she's the best! She never fails to give me a good haircut all the time. Make sure to make an appointment before going.
5	I was so desperate to get a digital perm since it's the only style that I like for my hair. I've been getting my hair digitally permed since 2009 when I was still living in the Philippines. It was such a huge ordeal for me to move to KY and find out that there are 0 Korean hair salons here! When my husband and I were planning our trip to Vegas, I thought about looking for one there and luckily found Marshall online. I was so happy and excited since my last digital perm was way back late 2010! I booked an appointment a month early to make sure I that I get it.Michelle was my stylist and she did a wonderful job! She knows exactly what she's doing and made my hair look all pretty. I wish they could have a branch here. We badly, badly need proper salons here who can do rebonding and digi perms! :))Seems like I'll have to make a trip to Vegas each year just to get my hair done. lol
5	I just got a haircut from Leah. After getting haircuts from Super Cuts for years, I now know what I've been missing. She was incredibly friendly and the haircut was very nice. I just picked up her card. I will be coming here every month now. Keep up the good work! Great haircut. Recommend for any guys (can't speak for girls)!
5	Very good service.. its was my first digital perm and very satisfied with the outcome!! =)
1	Don't go here if you want an honest price and someone to actually stick to their word. I called and made an appointment for a straight perm (had it done in china a few times in the past and loved it). The lady on the phone said it would be $150 for short hair and $250 for long hair (longer than shoulder length). My hair is longer than shoulder length, but average "long hair" length. I mentioned that online it says $200, but she would not honor that over the phone. I drove 30 minutes to china town and when I walked in the door, she took one look at me and said "price has changed to $300." What??? So I basically got charged an extra $50 for being Caucasian? That is absolutely ridiculous. I talked to her and communicated that she had said $250 on the phone, and the online quote was $200. She refused to honor the original price, so I ended up awkwardly leaving with no service. I would certainly never recommend a place that reneges on their original quote. It's too bad, as I was looking forward to a great experience based on other yelp reviews.
3	I just had my perm done 2 days ago by Michelle. My hair became soooo dry and frizzy after the perm! I thought it would be normal for the first few days. Then days came by and it's still dry. I called to see if Michelle can fix it or do anything about it so I made an appointment. I live 30 mins away from the salon. When I got there, she just looked at my hair and gave me some advice when she could just tell me that over the phone. I was like " that's it? I drove all the way here and you're not gonna do anything?" And she said that I have to come back again next time. No freaking way!!!!! Stay away!!!!
1	the worst hair salon.
5	This is the place to go for a great Japanese thermal straightening. Jong is the best at this!! My hair was super curly and it resisted the chemicals a little bit. Jong offered to give my hair a break and retouch the following week because my roots were still a bit curly. He knows what he is doing and takes care of you. I've been going here for a couple of years and will continue to.
