5	After getting a horrible response from the secretary at Hanger who gave me my prosthetic options without ever meeting me, I found Hamilton Prosthetics online. Google ended being my best tool, at Hamilton Prosthtic Center I received the best care, all te staff are amazing, in my case David Vowels gets the award for super star, listened to my needs and desires. I have been an amputee since birth and I'm pretty particular on what I want, at Hamilton Prosthetics they not only met my needs but surpassed them. Multiple trials with the best technology can offer and fit my needs, so thorough that since my prosthetic was finished haven't needed any visits for fixes.I would recommend it for anyone in the Valley who is in need of Prosthetics or Orthotics.Thank you guys for your service, help, and excellent care.
5	After a foot injury and dealing with Plantar Fasciitis for the last few years, my physical therapist suggested I try custom Orthotics. I liked that the Hamiliton Prosthetics' Central Phoenix location is not that far from where I live and parking is easy.This was actually my second visit to address my concerns about custom insoles. Dave added padding to my running insoles for more cushion, at no charge, and recommended that if I didn't see an improvement on my own, to return.  On a whim, I drove by and Steve was free prior to an appointment - so I asked questions and finally deicded to have my feet molded for the custom insoles. Yes, they're a bit pricey but after this injury, I have to consider all options so I won't have to deal with this again. Insole are in...No really...they're in my shoes right now! I feel like Dorothy in her fabulous pair of Pumps. I'm not wearing Pumps though...but anyway, I'm so happy and most of all my feet are happy. I have to get used to the feel of the insoles in shoes before I can take them out for a run. Thanks Steve for all your help. Cheers***
5	A good friend of mine recently suffered a very nasty injury to his knee while dirt bike riding with me.   After speaking with my doctor about my concerns and not wanting to damage my knees, he referred me to Hamilton Prosthetics where I met with Dave and his team.My main concerns with store bought braces was the quality and comfort of the product.  Dave knew exactly what I was looking for and created casts of both my legs to create custom, carbon fiber braces.  These things things are beautiful and tough as they come!  I've jumped onto rocks with them, knees first with no harsh impact, they just absorb the pounding.   Additionally they have adjustable aluminum hindges.  I've had several spills over the last 12 months and they are just simply amazing.Dave and his team really know what they're doing.  I cannot thank them enough.  I recommend all my friends to Dave, you cannot put a price on your knees.  You've only got one good set and I'm so glad that got the best.Thank You Hamilton Prosthetics keeping this old guy on his bike!!John
