5	My father in-law recommends this place highly. This place is clean, very friendly, and awesome for pets. So we visited twice, learned all about their services and boarding options. We have booked a cabana and a casa grande for our fuzzy kids. They have full day daycare = means the dogs play all day on slides, water area, etc... Every night they have a bedtime snack. We can go on vacation without worrying about them.
5	We signed up our fuzzy kids to be staying for 5 days in the cabana and large casa grande (love the terms they use).  We drove them here and parked in their driveway area (with shade, straight in front of the doors).  Wasabi and Magnum ran inside.  They were greeted by Rachel (who they remember and love from the another boarding facility).  Rachel was another big reason we choose Pet and Mac's.  Each fuzzy kid was tagged with an id collar (like a hospital band).  They asked if anyone would be coming by to check on them or if we wanted, we can email them and they could status us their stay...  COOL!I was very sad to wave bye to my fuzzy kids, but I needed to make it to the cruise in Long Beach.  During our vacation, I emailed with Pete and Mac's a few times.  Each time they would respond within hours.  It was nice to know what is going on.  And the updates were cute!We dropped by to pick up the fuzzy kids.  It was neat.  They have a package prepared for us:  play time report cards, spaw (grooming) report card, and each fuzzy kid had an id card with their picture.  It was so nice.  The groomer happened by be at the front desk when we were there.  She mentioned a few things to us to check on the fuzzy kids health.  Nice to know they really care and look out for our fuzzy ones.
1	I called around to board dogs for this Thanksgiving.  Found this place which  seemed fine over phone....told wife to check 'em out.it took exactly ten seconds in the door before the employees there made my wife feel uncomfortable.....they didn't say hello, instead barking at her "ARE YOU HERE TO PICK UP A DOG?"she told them she wanted to know more about the store, and they suddenly seemed disinterested, telling her "we'll get someone to talk to you" then let her stand for a few minutes while they returned to  chatting casually......a few minutes later a guy came out and again made her feel like she was taking up his valuable time.  She wasn't allowed to see the play areas, apparently the tour means "partial tour."I got a very stressed out phone call stating that "there was no way in hell we were leaving our animals there"TWO OTHER BUSINESSES told us "yeah, we get a lot of business from them for that reason" after hearing our story...kind of a chronic problem, then?BUSINESS 101 guys:  DON"T ALIENATE NEW CUSTOMERS!this is going to be a $300 board, and your competitor is getting our business.SO...the next day we went to Camp Bow Wow Peoria...WOW!  the owner talked to Janet on phone the day before for 30 minutes!  we were greeted warmly and given a full tour by a very enthusiastic young lady...AND they only charge $60/NIGHT FOR 2 DOGS VICE $83.50 + ALL THE EXTRA SERVICES YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR (play time, treats, Medicine administration, baths, etc at Pete and Macs, its ALL INCLUSIVE at Camp Bow Wow...even free bath with 4 night stay!).The day we went out to see it, The owner spoke with us for about 30-45 minutes, including talking to me about the franchise (I am looking to buy a business).Dogs are going for their FREE "get acquainted visit tomorrow in preparation for their stay over Thanksgiving.And YES, this review is getting posted for BOTH businesses! :-)
5	I have been bringing my kids to pete and macs for a few years. I have boarded them there in there suites {which are spacious and clean with a  flat screen tv} They were taken care of  by Robin and Jo who did a fantastic job. I also use there grooming services with Marchelle who is the best groomer that I have ever used. She is sweet and caring and takes great care with both of my kids. After two miserable experiences with other groomers who were ill trained and should never be allowed near any animals, going to pete and macs was a breath of fresh air. I love the fact that I can watch my babies being groomed. Being a very picky pet parent I love pete and macs and never hesitate to use them.
5	We are own a 5 year old Yorkie who needs frequent grooming. We had tried Petsmart and Petco here without any real luck. A lady at Petco recommended Pete & Mac's. So he went for his first grooming today. He was in and out within an hour. His hair cut is perfect! He got a bandana and he smells like cotton candy. The staff was amazing! You could tell that each and everyone of them loved animals, which is very comforting. We will definitely be taking him back again! Thank you!!!
1	I'm giving one star for their policy of requiring cats to have up to date rabies shots to board. This is not a state law and statistically rabies is not a huge threat to suburban dwellers.Also, the rabies vaccine has a known half life of 10 years and huge risks in over vaccinating. When I called to make an appointment, I was told my cat needed to be current on vaccines, but no mention of rabies. So when I show up to drop off my cat and have no rabies vaccine (and have a plane to catch in three hours) I'm told to go to Petsmart to get one.I ended up leaving. I had a neighbor watch my cat, which wasn't ideal but this place deserves no ones business.Oh yeah ... their staff was disconnected and rude.I'll use an in-house bonded and insured pet sitter in the future. The cost is really not that much more. Yelp has some good ones in the Avondale area.
1	I walked through the door this morning for a tour so that I find a place closer to home to board my fur babies in a few weeks.  I was greeted by a strong pet urine odor.  I wanted to leave bit figured things would get better, after all I'm sure their are lots of cats/dogs in and out of the place.  After a few minutes I still was not greeted so I apprpached the counter and told the young lady that I was told to stop by for a tour.  Another lady approached and as the tour began anpther employee approached to tell her to handle something else and that she would do the tour. She told me that since one of my dogs is spayed and that the other wasn't the play area didn't really apply. We went into the area where the dogs stay foe boarding and explained the difference between the large and suite. I was surprised that this arwa actually smelled more clean than the feont desk area. I asked why the room next to the one that she was showing had pee and poop on the ground. Her response was that they are behind and that they had probably moved the dog that was there. Whatever the reason as animal lovers we all k b ow what poop that has been sitting looks like vs the fresh stuff. This had obviously been there a while. Anyway I continued the tour and got info on any additional requirements.  Typically I board closer to the airport once or twice a year. We are the family that likes to find pet friendly places and beaches we take road trips. In the rare instance that we go out of town for a quick weekend trip and cannot take them it would be nice to have a place close to home. I advised the lady that I had a fee concerns but would like to register just in case. (Figuring that 1 to 2 nights should be ok with my other halfs approval)  As we were registering my pups I was told that they could not accept the records that I had administered the parvo (5-in-1). I explained how I had all of the records from qhen my sister gave me the little pup when I was in Delaware visiting earlier in the year. My nephew is almost 13 and really has no interest in caring for a dog. My sister knows that I am an animal lover and wanted me to have her. Before boarding the flight she had her rabies updated but the vet could not give the parvo the same day because she is so small it would likely make her sick. I waited a month and administered the parvo here at home. I purchased it from the Stock Shop in Glendale and deove it home packed in my lunch box complete with ice packs. I've admistered drugs to human beings and am confident in my ability to follow directions to administer to my 4-legged family. I digress ..the young lady asked me to hold on so that she could ask her manager. Her manager said that they could accept it of I got in writing from the vet that it was ok for me to administer the vaccine. All of my paperwork clearly showed that all of her immunizations ect... had been done in Delaware prior to March of this year. Who has time to jump through hoops for a smelly place that charges more than their better suited competitors?  I will glady drive the 30 minutes to a place that I know will take care of my babies or consider one of the better places. FYI when I called my partner my way home she wanted to know why I bothered trying to register them in the first place with all of the red flags. Choose another place of you can!
4	I boarded my little Lhasa Apso fur baby here for nearly a week in early October while I was away for my wedding. I had never boarded my little guy before and was extremely nervous about the whole thing. The staff did their best to make my husband and I feel comfortable about leaving Kipu there. They were happy to take us on a tour of the facility, and help us select the right size puppy suite for him. When we came back he was in great condition, and we were happy to get his report card with info about how he did at camp! All in all I was extremely happy about everything except one thing. I needed to drop him off fairly early Sunday morning and when they called to confirm his drop off I confirmed the time. No body corrected me about their limited hours on Sunday, and come Sunday morning we were packed and ready to leave for our destination wedding and we couldn't drop him off. No one was there to answer the door. We had to push our trip back by 4 hours because of this, which was a huge inconvenience. If I had a flight I would have missed it! But in the end everything worked out well and I was happy with the service provided. I would just suggest that they remind people dropping off on Sunday of their limited hours when booking a boarding stay. Especially because we weren't doggy daycare customers so we weren't previously familiar with the hours.
2	I have boarded my dog at the Avondale location on numerous occasions. The first time he wasn't neutered yet, and when he came home he had quarter sized sores on his genitals that were scabbed over. This was not reported to me in his checkout. The second time I boarded he did the daycare and had a scabbed nose, this was also not reported to me. I understand dogs get rough when they play, but I want to know about it. I also take him to their daycare on Saturdays. Once I requested a late pickup, and I was swarmed by employees very aggressively telling me how my dog is too hyper and he gets too "intense" when he plays. They tried to lessen their approach by first saying he's still welcome, but the approach was less than welcoming. They also raised the price of the daycare from $11 to $22 without posting or letting me know this increase upon check-in. When I went to pay for my dog, he had already been there all day so I had no choice but to pay the increased amount. That day I dropped him off I also requested that I be told if he is placed in time out at all, and the lady said to me, "Yeah we have a pretty rough group out there...they don't like rough dogs." Now, as an overprotective mommy, this made me feel totally unwelcome, and I'm afraid it was the icing on the cake with my overall experience with this place. Their prices also continually seem to increase. We will no longer be utilizing their facility due to not feeling welcome, not being adequately reported on injuries, and outrageous prices that are not communicated properly.
2	My dog obviously did not like this place. When he saw me pick him up he jumped for joy...but that is expected. However, they were suppose to give me a report card and they failed to do so. They claimed they were busy that day and could not get to it; that is just a lame excuse and poor customer service. They locked him up in a dirty glass cage. When you first walk in it stinks high hell! For some reason, I think my dog held his pee because right when we got home he jumped out of the car and peed a long pee right when he jumped out; that made me worried! What did they do? Scold him hardcore for peeing? My dog is not going there ever again, it seems like he was mistreated. However, I liked how they open early and my dog got a free visit on Good Friday.
5	We were in from LA visiting friends and didn't want to leave our pup so far away so we brought her and had her boarded at pete and Macs.  She is a 4 month old Pitbull.  First,  good on them that she was welcome.  Many boarding facilities discriminate by breed. And she came out a completely different dog in all the best ways.  She was more confident, better social skills with other dogs, and so much better in her crate now.  She got a report card on how she did and a full report upon pick up.  I wish we had one in LA.  Thanks so much for taking care of Islay.  We will be back for sure.
4	Not bad so far.  A little pricey but our dog has come out happy and healthy after each boarding experience.  We will be coming back.
