3	First round they get 3.  I think there is lots of potential here.  Just ironing out opening a new restaurant.Went in because I could smell this place from leaving target.  Restaurant is small with a counter to walk up and order.  I know they just opened so new staff, training, etc.  menu is a little smaller than most but defiantly a one off labor of love feel to it.  Since I am a chef there are a few things I am picky about.  BBQ is one.  The style was not really distinguishable.  There is a snippet of the owner learning from backwoods of Virginia... Or VWA don't remember.  I had a pit master sandwich that had pulled pork and brisket.  Price was touch high as the sandwiches are $10-12 bucks but no drink, no side.  If you add a drink and side you almost at $18.  That a little pricey compared to other Q.   Meats had good flavor I would like to taste the smoke a little more personally but it is legit properly smoked meats.  Sandwich I was expecting a little bit bigger.  They have real flatware to eat you meal.  The 2 sauced I had smokey and spicy competition.  Sauce was good, the spicy I though needed more heat.  Final verdictGood food.   As far as value I think you paying nice summerlin location.  Compared to rollin smoke in strip club alley.  I would drive from anywhere In the valley to eat rollin smoke BBQ.  This place has some growing pains to go through, but want good q and your in summerlin give it a shot.  I give it a few weeks and try againStill way better than famous daves.
5	It was delicious!!! Best BBQ in town. This is a new favorite. We will def be coming back .  Probably more frequently than we should!
5	This is legit barbecue  Now everyone has their own preference for bbq.  I can see how people who want A LOT of smoke flavor in their meat might find this a little underpowered.  I'm one who thinks smoke should accent and not dominate bbq.The meat here is really excellent.  Chopped brisket, pulled pork, and pulled chicken all on the menu now and possibly hot links in the future.  Good quality bread on the sandwiches and a couple variety of bbq sauces.  The two sauces I had were both tasty.  Brisket had a nice flavor.  Beefy with enough of the brisket fat to make it rich and delicious.  I thought the pulled pork might have done with a little more fat but it was still excellent stuff.  Talked to the owner a bit and there's a meticulousness there that makes me believe this place will get better and better.  And, unlike some other bbq places in town, you won't have to worry about inconsistent quality here.  Everything is clean and just what you expect.Definitely recommend you try it out if you like bbq.
5	Went for the first time on Friday night after hearing good things about it.  I love barbecue, but don't eat it that often, so I am definitely no expert.  For me, good meat is good meat... but what usually sells me are the barbecue sauce and other sauce options.  This place hits a home run in that category.  The food was very good -- especially the pickle fries -- those were worth the trip alone.  But I will go back just for the sauces.I had the Heavenly Hog, my wife had the brisket & pulled pork tacos.  Both impressed with what we ordered.
5	I liked it!  Very flavorful.  I tried the pulled pork sandwich, slaw and mac and cheese. Corn Bread is pretty good too.  I think it's better than Famous Dave's and Lucille's and the old Buzz BBQ.  They probably will outgrow this facility.  Might be hard for some to find tucked away in the shopping plaza at Flamingo and Grand Canyon.  Just look for the stores in front of Target near the round about and you will find it.
5	Such a treat to find real BBQ! Brisket was some of the best I've had. Friendly staff. New favorite
4	Wife took me here for lunch the other day. WOW. Only had the tacos (2 pulled pork, and 1 brisket) and wow the flavors and the hint of spice to give it a bit of kick were awesome. Giving 4 start based off that one meal but will be back to update after I have eaten there a couple more times. Excellent first visit.
5	It's ABOUT TIME.   I'm tired of settling for subpar BBQ in Vegas.  It's crazy, Vegas is supposed to be a culinary oasis yet the BBQ here has been lame.  FINALLY we've got some legit meat to talk about.The brisket here is unreal.  Big, beefy, smokey, and so tender it almost falls apart.  It is HARD to cook brisket like that.  I've owned a smoker for years and smoke meat frequently enough to know how long it takes to cook a brisket like Billy's.The pulled pork is also amazing whether on the hog heaven sandwich or the pork tacos.  The bark is great, and the flavor is perfect.Seriously everything here is fantastic -- the pickle fries, the smokey mac n cheese (with Bacon), the cole slaw.Get off your butts y'all and go check this place out.
5	Finally made it over. Food was delicious. Highly recommend the tacos and loved the brisket. Already craving more and look forward to a return visit. I'll be frequenting Billy's for the foreseeable future. Thanks, Billy.
5	Simply the best BBQ in town. Billy's passion for BBQ shows through in flavor! Try the white sauce with chicken! Mind blown!
4	Really good brisket...good pork..  all around one of the better BBQ places in the valley
4	Went in and tried the pork rib and fatty brisket and it was pretty good. I generally don't care for pork ribs but it literally fell off the bone and was very moist and juicy. The brisket has just enough fat and was very flavorful. They had 3 different kinds of bbq sauces sweet, smokey and a white thunder. The sweet is a typical bbq sauce, smokey was my favorite and white thunder was pretty much just heat. Prices are pretty much standard to other bbq places starting around $8. Since this is closer to my job I'd definitely go back.
5	Excellent BBQ. Hubbie and I shared a 3 meat plate with pulled pork, brisket, and ribs. All three were excellent. Ribs had a great flavored rub. Pulled pork was nice and moist. Brisket had a nice smokey flavor.  BBQ sauces were all great. Owner was very friendly. We will be back!
4	good stuff.  bark on the brisket was excellent and the meat was moist and tender.  pulled pork also had great flavor and bark.  beef sausage was my favorite.  natural casing, excellent snap. seriously good stuff.   the hot BBQ sauce has the perfect amount of spice.  the beans are killer too.  corn bread was just ok.
4	BBQ from another planet NICE! BILLY's is now in our TOP 3 must eats. Get the RIBS and BRISKET. The boys behind the counter need some customer service training and the dining room is a little small, could have been 5 stars. We will  be back for more because its about the BBQ stars.... I approve this message JK KUHL....
5	Hands down the best BBQ I have ever had! The brisket was absolutely amazing! Will for sure be coming back again.
5	My husband and I had been out Christmas shopping when we found this gem. We are bbq lovers/Vegas natives and have yet to find a place this good in town. I had the Heavenly Hog sandwich and my husband had the 2 meat platter with cole slaw and the smoked Mac and cheese. The food was amazingly delicious.  Another plus about our experience was being welcomed by one of the owners. He made the effort to greet and chat with every customer in the restaurant. We will definitely be back again.
5	So DELICIOUS! Heard about this place all the way up in Utah and had to come check it out. Got the 3 meat plate and it was rockin! The chicken and brisket beans were probably the favorite, but it's hard to say cuz I don't think you will go wrong with anything on the menu. Oh yeah, don't pass up the tacos!
5	Good meaty baby back ribs, done just right   Tender but with good bite off the bone. Sauce is tasty. Mac and cheese was creamy, cheesy and really good. Next time I'll try the link; unfortunately, they had temporarily run out! Billy was there busy running food to tables but stopped to introduce himself and apologize for not having any link. I'll be back!
5	Had the brisket and the brisket baked beans. Perfect smoke and the beans were amazing. We will be back. When you find a place this good you don't stop going. It's worth it.
3	Food is good, sauce amazing, nice place, and ok service. One of the issues I had here was the young staff bickering back and forth with they're family in back. Other then that worth a shot trying would go back every now and then due to price
5	Billy asked me if I wanted lean or fatty slices on my brisket.    It's almost like a trick question.   The answer is yes.
5	They catered our New Years Eve party. Very generous portions. Everyone loved the food. Excellent meats and flavor. We'll be back. Great job. Thank you Billy!
5	We were actually headed to Fuddrucker's when we saw this place and decided to try it...glad we did! We ordered the 3 meat plate with brisket, pulled pork, and pulled chicken. We chose baked beans, mac n' cheese, and cornbread for our sides. Everything was delicious!  All of the meats were very tender and flavorful. The sides were very good too. 2 of us shared the meal, and it was plenty. The BBQ master even came out to check on us. I heard they have free soft serve ice cream cones for dessert, but we were too stuffed to indulge!  I would rather eat BBQ from a place like this than one of the chain restaurants any day! It's a long drive for us from Henderson, but well worth it. We will be back!
5	I like to think there was two stages in my life, before Billy's and after Billy's. This bbq has changed what I knew about real BBQ. Side of the month was fried pickles, these complimented the bbq. But next time I'm gonna just have more meat as my side.
5	I tried the pork and the brisket. Very well made and the flavor is good. Most places has their meat smothered in BBQ sauce or super salty from the rub. It was a perfect amount of smokey flavored deliciousness.  I'm not a big fan of fried pickles but it complimented the pork and brisket very well!!
3	We were in the mood for some BBQ so we thought what better time to try the newly opened Billy's BBQ. I had high hopes for this place seeing that there had been several raves. We ordered the 3 meat combo with 2 sides. The pulled pork was ok, the brisket I was dissatisfied with. Maybe I was just expecting too much. All the flavors were there but the quality of the meat was inferior. They asked me if I wanted fatty or lean brisket and since I couldn't decide, the lady helping me suggested one of each. In less than 10 minutes our food was ready to go. I had a minor issue with the place seeming aloof, they didn't seem very friendly in welcoming customers and I found it offensive they would say bye to some patrons and not to some and in hindsight we were not even offered the "free" soft serve they have. But that's just me. So fast forward the drive home. I was disappointed when I saw the brisket, one piece was supposedly lean but it was still very fatty and the fatty piece was almost inedible. I thought it'd be just a little fat on top which with the right amount of char will add a flavor burst but it was big chunks and unpalatable. On the brighter side, all 3 sides we tried (mac and cheese, baked beans and honey cornbread) were on point in taste and texture.
