5	This Subway has a drive thru so, as long as you know what toppings you want, you don't even need to get out of your car! Easy enough to get in and out of the location too. Personally, I like to hit them up for breakfast. I get the Western Egg White breakfast sandwich on a multigrain muffin. (It always cracks me up when they ask if I want peppers and onions on it, since that's what makes it a "Western" egg white breakfast sandwich -- kinda like asking if you want lettuce and tomato on a BLT...?) The coffee beats gas station brew and other fast food chains. Put them together and you've got a really reasonably priced breakfast on the go.
4	Came here after hiking at north mountain...I love that this place had a drive thru so I didn't have to leave me dog in the hot car...prob will be back again!!
3	Good food, but employees are a little slow
5	The employees are awesome, just like their Tuna Sandwich... MmmmmMmmMmmm....
1	ok, I have tried the website,completed the survey, very conscientously I might add,then at the end some dumb glitch won't take it! Could they be screening out the "negative" remarks? Well, I went in to the Subway at 8877 N. 107th Ave in Peoria AZ for lunch. Had coupon,got my sandwich,filled my drink cup. Went out to the car to eat. Came back in for refill of tea, to which a young male employee says to me, "That will be $1".  I says "Oh you charge for refills now?" He says,"I was just told it would be $1". Embarrassed!!Gave him back his cup of tea&got the h$%%# out of there!Called mgr later who was apologetic, saying no we don't charge for refills if you haven't left the property. She said "Come in and we will buy you a meal." I thought cool! But haven't been back. IDK, just not worth taking the chance that overzealous dude would do same thing. They can keep their comp meal. Too bad - I liked Subway. Now I don't want to go to any.
2	Usually great, the guy who starts the sandwich decided I didn't matter once he saw a customer he recognized. I ended up being skipped to get the regulars better service. Told the cashier that isn't good service and I probably won't come back. She was polite, apologized offered freebies. I turned them down, hope they learn to treat people with equally good service and respect.
