1	it has one star, because its required before i can tell you how HORRIBLE this location is.OH MY GOD!its like they went to fremont and hired any possible preson who was desperate for a job. a couple of the associates smelled, thats right SMELLED. like body odor. seriously? take a shower, youre in customer service let alone the FOOD BUSINESS! the kid at the register seemed as if he just got back from smoking a blunt in the back and although my order was repeated back correctly, it was received INCORRECTLY!when i went back to get them to do it right, it took 5 minutes before i had to yell to the back to get someones attention. then the person that ended up fixing what was wrong fixed it with no gloves. god knows what she was doing before considering all staff disappeared to the back. the people behind us waiting for food even said they had terrible customer service. at one point i got so tired of waiting i climbed over the counter for ketchup. on top of all that, when my boyfriend got his food, it looked like the person who made the sandwich got hungry and gouged a piece of chicken right out of the center THEN proceeded to put it on the bun. food looked old, overcooked, dry, disgusting! i ended up handing everything back and demanding a refund.absolutely ridiculous staff!start hiring people with educations and people that show respect to those around them by BATHING. this place needs to be start over from scratch. from building to employees.worst KFC, ever!
3	Got a craving for some of the Colonel's finest fried goodness and utilized the drive-thru. We had to wait while they made a new batch of crispy, but were compensated with a free drink while we waited. The food was exactly what we were expecting from KFC. It satisfied the craving. A return trip is in order the next time the craving hits.
1	I had a craving for fried chicken so I thought I would try out this KFC.  The food was ok, not great and not horrible...at least that's what I thought at the time.  Turns out, the chicken wasn't completely cooked and I ended up with the worst case of food poisoning I've ever had.  3 days later and I'm still sick.  I will never eat at KFC again and I would stay away from here if I was you.
1	Horrible! The drive thru is just garbage! The lady didn't even ask what kind of chicken we wanted, and we sat in the drive thru for more than 20 mins! No wonder they have only 21/2 stars... They don't deserve even one from me! Why can't we give 0 stars?
1	My rating is less than half a star!!!!!This place is awful. The people at the drive thru have no listening skill and can't even repeat the order correct and it takes you 3 or 4 times to repeat the order before the person repeats the order back correctly.  Then when you get to the window they ask you the order again or say something that is wrong.  This has happen on 2 different occasions and we were the ONLY ONES in the drive thru at the time.  Then we would get the food and the food was wrong give it back and have to repeat the order AGAIN!!!!! Then a new person would come up and give me the drinks wrong flavor, wrong size.  I told them I want to 2 large Dr Pepper.  The person said we were charged for 2 medium drinks.  I told them that's not my fault I asked for 2 LARGE drinks, I want 2 LARGE drinks, the girl laughed at the window.  Get back to the house and I was still missing 2 of my side orders.  WILL NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER GO BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	They can never get the order correct, the management is the worst here. I would give them a negative 5 stars.
2	I had only ever been through the drive-thru at this location and it was as you would expect from a drive-thru.  Not much customer service to speak of.  Going inside I would expect better that involves more face to face interaction.  Customer service is severely lacking at this location.  The lady taking orders made me feel like I was being an inconvenience.  Excuse me for being a paying customer and therefore a part of your salary, lady.  After I placed my order she threw all my food into a box and handed it over to me before I could even give her my money.  Obviously the food was not fresh though it was very hot.  After I sat down I could hear the staff arguing amongst themselves in the kitchen.  It is unprofessional to do so within earshot of customers.  Sad to see the lack of respect for ones job and customers.
4	Fast service.  Ordered extra crispy chicken.  The food was good as usual.  Will come back again.
