5	YES YOU'RE SMART PHONE IS NOT BROKEN, THERE IS A SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET IN THE NORTH WEST VALLEY!!  This Sprouts Farmers Market is fantastic and has quickly become our favorite Sprouts in the Valley.   What a great place to shop for fresh/organic foods, herbs, vitamins and produce and meats!   Although they are very new, they've hired a super duper team of employees that will make you think they've been open for a long time.  They have been able to maintain a high level of service and they've kept their aisles full despite the hordes of people that are shopping here :-)A few cool things you may not know about Sprouts;~They sell AJ'S quality food at a much cheaper price.  Especially what's in their weekly ad!  ~They give you an incentive to bring you own bags~The best day to shop is on Wednesday so you can take advance to both weeks sales.   ~Save some money and eat healthier by shopping their fresh grains from bulk.  ~one the best gluten free shopping experience you'll have in the valley.  ~Order lunch while you shop.  $2.99 the deli will make you a fresh deli/veggie sandwich to order.  You're going to love shopping at this Sprouts!  Looking forward to seeing you there soon.
4	Same great produce but at long last not a day trip to visit.
5	We love to shop at Sprouts.  Everyone knows they have good vegetables, but to our surprise the meat from their meat counter is excellent.  We bought some ribeye steaks a few days ago and they were wonderful.
5	Finally a Sprouts in Northwest Phoenix!  Much nicer than other Sprouts I have been to....the Bin area very clean, each bin has its own scoop.  Great grab and go sushi! Love Sprouts!
5	Great meat selection. Reasonable price (for the quality you get). Great sale prices. Healthy alternatives. ...Even beer!  Done with Fry's.
5	I'm so very happy that there is a Sprouts in my neighborhood. I've been here prob 30-40 times already but finally taking the time to review it. I was so tired of looking at an abandoned Store, but was so excited when I found that Sprouts is coming. This place is close enough for me to ride my beach cruiser over to pick up so fresh veggies. Upon walking into the store you can see that everything is clean and orderly. I find myself shopping for most of my food at sprouts. Trying to eat healthier couldn't be easier than shopping here. A lot of their fruits and veggies are organic and taste great. I have a green smoothie every morning at my house and most of my ingredients come from here. Also I love their deli and meat section. I've been buying extra lean meat and making my own burgers with them and using Bores Head deli meet freshly cut for my sandwiches at home. If I'm in  a rush and need food now then I wouldn't hesitate to order one from there. I just wish they had a little sitting area near the deli like other older Sprouts. Anyhow, glad this is here and I'm sure you will find me at sprouts in one of my weekly visits here.
4	This is probably one of my favorite Sprouts. I have about 3 that are close-ish to me but I always find myself coming to this one.  The workers are so friendly, produce is always fresh & the shelves are always fully stocked.  I've never had a problem finding a parking spot either which that in itself will make me continue to frequent this location.
5	Great store! Lots of tree huggers and libs, but yet a place we can all just get along = )Awesome deli with good deals and freshly made sandwiches. The sandwiches are huge are made to order, probably the best deal around.Fruit and veggies are the best in town. If you are in the area check it out.Now for the beer and wine section.......both are a little over priced, but they have a good selection. Some of the more hard to find beers, and a lot of local brews can be found here which makes it worth the extra money. The Breckenridge Vanilla Porter is an all time favorite of mine and this is one on only a handful of places in the area for me to get it.
5	Love me some SPROUTS!!! Every Sprouts I have been to always have a meat and veggie selection that are always fresh and loaded. And there fresh made deli sandwich to order is priced so low at $3.99 and taste so Delish!!!! Customer service at this location up on DV is AWESOME.
5	By far my favorite grocery store is sprouts.I come to this location almost on a daily basis.The staff are friendly, courteous and knowledgable.They have a great selection of produce including many organic choices.Their meat and deli department is pretty well stocked and they will package anything as you like it.They stock tons of gluten free items and have an awesome bulk section with the likes of nuts, grains, chocolates, dried fruit, granola, etc.They also have a pretty good vitamin section.Head on over for some healthy food at great prices. I find that prices for produce at sprouts are consistently better than any other store and the produce is better!
5	I love sprouts. Their produce and selection of natural and genetically modified free food is outstanding. Bulk food bins are always full and clean. Customer service is always outstanding. Prices are fair and always have great sales going on. Double ad Wednesday is a must, but a word to the wise, it's very very busy that day.
5	Wonderful selection of cheese, extra virgin olive oil, vinegar's Etc. I am sorry to say the soppr essata is not the real thing. The authentic kind for one thing is always found hanging with no wrapping to air dry instead of stacked on a shelf like they display it. The fresh sheeps milk ricotta brought in from Calabria is excellent!
