4	Love the lunch thalis here. Nice and spicy with a solid selection of south indian fare. Also good for lunch on the weekends, though all they typically have is the buffet and no menu items. I enjoy their dosas and kormas. When the indian food craving hits you...this is the place, though not for north indian dishes. Don't plan any meetings right after lunch because the savory aromas stick with you and you sort of smell like the place for a bit. It's kid friendly too (they don't have crayons or anything, but you don't get any dirty looks either).
4	I have been going to place for last 2/3 years.   I always liked the place.   I thought I should share my opinion with all yelpers.This place is in Green Tree area.   Place is really nice and cozy.   They have a party room available on same premises.   If someone wants to have a party for 25 people, they provide you enough private place and cater food.   Parking is a bit struggle though.   It's in a strip mall where parking is shared with bunch of other places.Staff is very well managed and they are always ready to help you if you are new to Indian food.   The owners are from South India and so the food is inspired by the south indian receipes.   They also are very flexible with how much hot/spicy you food you want.  So tell them up front and they make sure your taste buds are not burned.They have some great appetizers.  Chicken 65 is my dish.   Other appetizers are also great and sometime we order too much those since everyone has there own preference.   If you like hot/spicy stuff, order  "Cut Mirchi".   These are chiilies deep fried in a lentil batter served with onions and lemon.  Excellent!The Rice dishes are also very authetic and one should give it a try for their biryani items.   Biryani is Indian version of paella.   They serve pure veg biryani as well. Chicken curries are excellent and we always like dish called Chicken Curry.  Chicken Tikka Masala is also another dish you can't go wrong with.    Veg entrees are also excellent and we like spinach with panir, channa masala.   Breads are also well prepared and you will be happy no matter what bread you get.  I love their butter naan.Overall they do a excellent job and prices are very reasonable.   I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a nice Indian food joint.
5	I love Indian food and this is the best restaurant in the Pittsburgh area. My boyfriend and I have tried a variety of the foods they have and we have not found one what was not amazingly good.
5	Our favorite Indian restaurant in the Pittsburgh area. Great food and great service. Reasonable prices. Try the cauliflower appeetizer (I forget the name) and the chicken chettinadu.
4	We don't have a lot of good Indian food where I live so when I was visiting some friends and we were wondering where to get dinner, I suggested Indian food. My friends picked this place in particular because they wanted to try a new restaurant, plus this place has dosas, a South Indian food which I guess not every Indian restaurant serves. I'd never had it before, it's kind of like a savory pancake, wrapped around delicious stuffings. We got dosas, idly, gobi manchurian, naan, chicken korma, lamb saag, gongura chicken and chicken tikka masala. All the food was fantastic, we all enjoyed it very much and stuffed ourselves. I also got a mango lassi, which was very tasty. The staff was very friendly, service was fairly quick, and the restaurant was nice and well-kept. I would definitely recommend this place.
3	Not bad Indian food, but not among the best I've had in Pittsburgh. I have no specific complaints about the food (other than the buffet-level spiciness, see below) but nothing was stellar. If I lived near here, I'd probably go back on occasion, but wouldn't make a long drive.Important note: I was eating from a 30-person buffet, which partially mirrored the main buffet outside the party room. So I'll blame the fact that everything was bland on the please-everyone approach to spiciness (read: no spicy)...
5	My family came to town and we decided to try Tamarind Savoring India. The food and service can be simply described as OUTSTANDING. We enjoyed two goat and two lamb entrees. The seasoning, spices and flavors were amazing. Our waiter was most helpful in suggesting appetizers and main dishes. Each person in our party had a different desire of "spiciness". He was able to recommend dishes to meet each diner's needs - and the kitchen superbly delivered with each level of spice. The level of attentiveness was ideal - meeting all of our requests, filling drinks, etc. without impeding our conversations and limited time together. The family has since headed home, but I am already looking forward to my next trip to this restaurant. On a side note, I love meat in my food, it's almost a necessity. However, at this fine establishment, I will certainly try a vegetarian dish at some point.
5	My most favorite place to eat. The service is terrific. They really aim to please. Paneer Tikki Masala is my favorite. They make a wonderful, smoky buttered naan. My kids love the Mango Lassi. We crave this food when we are not there.
4	Great restaurant with friendly service. I always order the Special Briani. Killer dish. If you like spicy food, ask them to make it spicy or it may be 'dialed-down' . Not open MONDAYS. I can never seem to remember that small detail.
5	Had a great time here! After not knowing they were closed on Mondays, I visited the next day, and have to say I was impressed! Although small inside and a little dark, the waitstaff more than made up for it! Friendly, outgoing, and prompt. Now for the food, I had the Gongura Lamb, samosa and regular Naan. All were great! The Gonrua had just the right amount of spice mixed with sour Gongura leaf, awesome flavor, and the lamb was so tenderit practically fell apart on its own. The samosa was equally as good. Now the Naan, was probably the best i've ever had! I just wish I actually lived here so I could way more often! :)
5	Absolutely delicious. We had samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Chilly Chicken (not sure if it was a typo on the menu) with garlic naan. Unlike most other Indian restaurants I've been to, they don't ask you how spicy you want things. The Chilly Chicken was very spicy, and the Tikka Masala was mildly spicy. We'll definitely go back again.
3	The price tells me the food is upscale, but my senses disagreed.On my quest to eat at every Indian restaurant in Pittsburgh and perhaps even the world, I knew I would eventually have to be drug out of my city and into the suburbs to tick a few off my list.This branch of Tamarind is owned by the same person(s) who manage the restaurant by the same name in Oakland. The Greentree location is more enjoyable in ambiance, largely because there is more space comparatively. The dining room is pretty and relaxing, with dark wood accents and tone-on-tone muted green striped walls. The server that helped us was excellent at doing so, attentive, and friendly.Where things fell short for me was with the food. I enjoy a meal typically at medium spiciness or in the range of 5-6 if on a scale of 10. This is a pretty typical scale around these parts and this is the way I always order, but the Navaratan Korma that I ordered came at around an 8. I have nothing to prove by eating spicy food in terms of asserting my own toughness, so food this spicy only proves to muddle the beautiful mix of ingredients in the sauce to me. About the only other note I could really taste was a lot of sweetness, which sometimes happens with this dish. I wasn't impressed with this one though because they use a mix of vegetables, some of which come prepared either from frozen or from canned when the way this restaurant describes Navaratan's ingredients is as "garden fresh vegetables." Navaratan translates loosely as 9 jewels and so the dish traditionally has a mix of 9 vegetables, fruits, and nuts. This misstatement was a disappointment and was misleading, as I would not have ordered the dish if it had not been for that description.My husband's food experience was a bit better. He got the mysore masala dosa and it was delicious. It doesn't beat the Udipi dosa, but it was the second best dosa in Pittsburgh that I've found.We ended the meal with galub jamun, but I would suggest you skip it or try something different for dessert. It was pretty forgettable and the pieces had no texture other than mushiness.I'm not really sure why my experience was so different from all of the 5-star ratings I'm seeing from users before me. While this wasn't a bad experience, I certainly wouldn't drive out to Greentree for a special trip. Pittsburgh is fortunate to have so many Indian restaurants, and there are far better ones out there where you can spend your time.
3	Decent Indian food. My husband and I are rather obsessed with malai kofta... we don't particularly like the version here. (Full disclosure, though: we moved here from Boston and think we found the Platonic ideal malai kofta at a restaurant up there. I'm not sure anything else will ever measure up. But this didn't.) Naan was good, and they were nice to our kids. Parking can be a hassle if you go when Mad Mex is busy.
4	The food was fresh, well prepared and delicious. The service was friendly and attentive. Not a fan of the ambiance, but I'm not there to eat the decor.I went on a Saturday night around 6pm it was busy but not packed. I had samosas and they were freshly made, crispy on the outside and tender inside with a little spice. I tried the szechuan chicken, basically fried chicken pieces with onion, green peppers and hot peppers which again were freshly made, crispy outside and tender inside. I was looking for palak paneer (cheese in creamy spinach) which they call saag paneer, and they were helpful in pointing me to what I was looking for. It was a large portion with tender rice. I also had the garlic naan, which was good but I wished they had cooked the garlic a bit before putting on the bread, it came out kind of raw. Regardless it was delicious, including the mango lassi.I like spicy so I asked for some chili sauce which went wonderfully with everything, so be sure to ask for it if you like spicy. A bit on the expensive side considering there are paper napkins, but the portions were generous enough that I had plenty for a meal of leftovers. All of the servers were friendly and professional, no complaints there. My one complaint was the music - a bit obnoxious and a little loud for my taste.Overall a very good Indian meal.The strip mall it is in is on top of a hill with only a sign with all the shop names visible, so keep your eyes peeled if you are from out of town.
5	Great lunch bar!
5	Seriously good and authentic food with great variety and super quality. I put on 7-8 pounds very time I go there!
5	The food is awesome!
4	Nice, consistent Indian food. Had a mixture of North and South dishes and all of them were okay. Service with a smile, and F-A-S-T!  Would visit again when in the area.
5	Wow ... I'm from NYC, and this place is one of the best, most authentic places I've ever eaten at. I came on a Sunday when there was a buffet (and I normally hate buffets), but everything was very well prepared and delicious! There was even a drink similar to a mango lassi offered at the buffet table. I also ordered a mango lassi, which was one of the best I've ever had! The service was also amazing, quick, friendly, and efficient. LOVE this restaurant!
3	This place is overrated. I didn't find this place to be 4-5 stars worth of indian food. The interior is nice, inviting, and smells of india. The patrons that eat here kinda smell, no surprise there. They give you complementary papars before your meal however two of mine were hardly prepared right. I thought my Chicken Tikka was way too dry and lacked sufficient flavor. My garlic naan was over cooked and didn't have any taste of garlich. I really enjoyed the mango lassi however. Service was on the slow side and took them a while to bring my check and boxes for the food i could barely finish. Maybe this place was having a bad day when i went or maybe i want this place to be good. I will try this place again for redemption
5	One of my favorite places to eat!  The food is always fantastic, I've tried the majority of entrees on the menu.  Wait staff is attentive and efficient, keeping your beverage glass full & checking in to see if there are any extra needs.  Only complaints are: the spice level I request is usually very different from what I receive (I get milder when I requested spicy) & the place could use a good scrubbing.  But, the food is consistently wonderful, spicy or not - Enjoy!
2	I have dined at this location a number of times, so I'm confident that this 2 star rating is as high as I can go. The lunch buffet is ample, with many vegetarian options, as well as a few meat choices. Almost without exception, however, every dish I've tried here is just too spicy. Now, I enjoy spicy food, and delight in the variety of chiles that are available, from the wonderful bite of a fresh green chile to the deeper and more complex flavors that dried chiles provide. What they use here at Tamarind is cayenne, which is a fairly one note chile that delivers little in the way of nuance and much in the way of simple heat. Then they overdo it, so the spiciness of the chile steps all over the other flavors. It's boring and frustrating, and I'm over it. They even put cayenne in their raita the other day. Raita, that wonderful, cooling yogurt delight, is supposed to be the foil, the relief from the intensity of the spiciness in the other dishes. You take a bite to give your palate a respite, a soothing vacation, from the food, not to intensify it. There were a couple of things I liked on the buffet...the Chicken Curry was very good, and I enjoyed the little fried veggie balls that they served with sambar and coconut chutney. And their mango lassi is good. I'll be moving on now, to Udipi in Monroeville, actually, which has the best Southern Indian food in town.
4	Nice Indian place hidden atop hill on Greentree. Food was good as expected of a good Indian restaurant. Had the Chicken Sangrilla, Lamb Korma, and Kheema Naan ...all were great.
1	Ate here twice (don't ask me why i went here twice - when the first time itself was quite disappointing. Suffice to say, there was a girl involved)Go here for buffet, only if you like south indian cuisine, which is in the average to good  range. If you like north indian food, best to avoid this place altogether. For whatever reason, most north india dishes taste as if they have ketchup in them here. Food is unnecessarily spicy.Avoid...Bad Indian Food.
4	Since I am not a yogurt fan, I wasn't crazy about the Dahi Vada, which is cold lentil donuts in a cold yogurt sauce, but my Tikka Masala was out of this world, and I don't even like tomatoes! The chicken was really tender and it was all so creamy and filling. I too enjoyed the chocolate cake. Who knew an Indian restaurant would make a good chocolate cake? Overall, I'd recommend, my personal tastes notwithstanding.
4	I've had Indian all over the world, and tried just about every one in Pittsburgh. Tamarind is by far the best. Friendly staff and large portions. Buffet is good, but ordering off of the menu is better. The samosas and chicken vindaloo are excellent.
1	Food was absurdly bad. Service was even worse. Definitely never coming back. Do not recommend one bit.
3	I go back and forth on how I feel about Tamarind.  I love their Chicken Tikka Masala and their Samosas.  Delicious.  That's pretty much what I get every time.  When I deviate from that, it's hit or miss for me.  With that said, everyone I've ever taken there has liked it.The vibe of the place itself is nice.  There's always some entertaining Indian music video airing in the back corner, and the tables are nice.  Portions are generous, and there's always leftovers for the next day.  (Nom!)However - and this is a big however:The employees are really unfriendly.  Like, unfriendly to the point where I wonder if I'm supposed to apologize for coming in to patronize their establishment.  Combine that with the extremely high prices, and I come away feeling a little fleeced.  If Udipi were close enough to order from all the time, I probably wouldn't go to Tamarind again.  Alas...
3	I love the intricate spices and heat of the food. Most restaurants here dumb down for the Pittsburgh palate..The women's bathroom doesn't lock, out of towels and the restaurant floor looks to be never cleaned. Buffet was sloppy looking and dark entry and dark interior only looks like they are hiding dirt..I have enjoyed the food.There are too many family types with children eating here. Children here tend to be fussy and annoying . Parents do not monitor their spawn.,they are unruly and noisy
5	Authentic Indian food. Spicy for anyone who has not tried Indian food before. We loved it. We had the buffet on a weekend afternoon and it was great.
3	This place keeps me yearning for more!After hearing my friends talk about this place and after sampling their lunch specials at the local Indian grocery store (Manpasand), I decided to give this place a try. I have been here for a sit down dinner as well as ordered food to go.Let me start by saying that the food is on the spicier side so order a level down than what you usually do. For our sit down meal we ordered Chicken Sangrilla (a new dish for me). This was tasty but SPICY (we ordered a 7 but could have done well with a 6). I could not really pin-point all the herbs an spices in this, however for a dish I never tried before, I found myself cleaning the plate. We also got the Chicken 65 which is fried marinated chicken strips (small pieces). While great in flavor this dish did not taste as I expected it to be (an overdose of spices that numbed my mouth). The two appetizers were however sufficient enough for our table of 4. BTW they do serve Papad once you place your order so you can munch on something till your appetizers arrive and they also have a full bar.We then proceeded to get a plate of the Malai Kabab and Boti Kabab. Both of these were delicious - chicken was tender, lamb was perfectly cooked and both the meats were marinated well. In my opinion the size of the kababs were small. For entrees we ordered Kadai Chicken, Saag Paneer and Dal Fry. I am usually very picky about eating spinach at Indian restaurants but did not have any after-effects so I give the spinach here an "all-clear." Since all the entrees came with rice, we supplemented our food with only two Garlic Naans and by the end of the night we were stuffed (haha maybe because of the sheer amount of food we ordered). I cannot remember if we ate any dessert.Our server was attentive, food prices were in line for a 3 star Indian restaurant and the food was good (not overly oily or greasy). During my second experience (take-out), I ordered a Garlic Naan, Sheekh Kabab and Tandoori Chicken. I felt like I was eating a health conscious chicken as the pieces were not very meaty. However, my major let down was the Sheekh Kabab - the meat felt dry, though still perfectly marinated.Summing both my experiences, I would happily give it a 3.5 stars but to err on the side of caution a 3 for Yelp will be good for now.
5	I have tried every indian buffet in Pittsburgh and Tamarind is the BEST!!! The food is fresh and hot, the restaurant is clean and well lit. The food in the buffet is spicier and there is so much more to choose from as apposed to other buffets. They included different types of meat, not just chicken but also goat... which was my favorite dish. None of the dishes were watered down, nothing looked old, they never ran out of naan bread. The buffet included mango lassi that was refreshing and just a wonderful. I was in heaven... I am definitely going back soon. So far, Tamarind Savoring India is my favorite place to go!
5	I called them at 11:00am on a Thursday and asked if I could order lunch for 10 to go, which is not something they normally do.  The waiter checked with the chef and they were able to accommodate me and it was ready by noon.  I left a huge tip and was so thankful that they were able to help me out.  I ordered saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, naan, and rice.  The people who ate the food said it was the best Indian they have had in the city.  I will defiantly be back.
2	The two star is for the extensive buffet menu. Other than that its a one star. Absolutely tasteless. I'm from Dallas, TX and I have been enough Indian restaurants in Texas, New York, NJ and many places. This probably ranks at the lower end. Rubbery naan, the egg plant curry was absolutely the worst. Sambar was never refilled and service was below expected, the only thing for service at a buffet is taking the plates out and serving water, that too they failed. My suggestion: have some other cuisine or at least try a different one.
4	Out of 5:3.0 - chicken chittenado: slow burn3.5 - lamb Korma: creamy and light3.5 - butinado: like an awesome bready poori0.5 - service: extremely slow
4	Food was amazing, but I feel it is hard to find an Indian food restaurant that isn't good.  Staff spoke very clear English which is always a plus.  Spices were well done.  Service was good at first, but as soon as there were a few more tables and my food came out, even when flagging down wait staff I couldn't get my water refilled.All in all I'd go back.
5	I'm a big fan of this place, I like the sag paneer and the tika masala paneer.  The mango lassi and the fried Nan are also very good.  I'm really looking forward to trying the buffet so I can expand my horizons a bit.  It's a little hard to find, but totally worth it.  The service is vastly improved since my last review, I can't complain about a single thing.  Highly recommend!
4	If you want Indian food this is a good place to go. I went during their buffet time and they had a large selection. Decent pricing and good food. The ambiance isn't the greatest
2	We had dined at this restaurant several times and mostly enjoyed the food. However, I take out experience was a complete disaster. We called and ordered our meals and was told it would be 30 minutes. I waited almost 45 minutes before arriving at the restaurant and then had to sit there for an additional half an hour before my food is ready. Other then apologizing, it was no attempt to explain, to rectify, or to somehow make this a better experience. I kept being told to just take a seat and wait. When I arrived home, only one dish was hot. All of the other dishes, appetizers and dosas, were ice cold. The ratings are for our dining experience. Our take-out experience would've been a half star.
5	Great for a first time Indian visitor. Very large menu with friendly staff and delicious food.
4	I love Tamarind! -1 star for the sometimes-slow service, but it's always friendly. My "usual" is the Paneer Tikka Masala and Batura. Tasty and consistently great.
5	Update - I'm giving back the one star I took away for the slow service. It really seems that they're trying to improve this aspect. It was very busy this past Friday night - full house - and the service was fantastic. Well done!
5	I sampled food from Tamarind at a local fundraising event and was instantly hooked.  Tonight I went to the restaurant in hopes of eating what I had sampled and was pleasantly overwhelmed by their large menu.  I ended up getting the Paneer Masala which was different than what I was looking for but it was just as good! We also tried the plain naan in addition to the lamb naan. Both were delicious!  The service was great and our waiter was very friendly.  I will definitely be going back soon!
5	Two years back when I first ordered Special Chicken Biryaani here, I didn't know it would become such an integral part of my life. It has been a staple part of my diet ever since.Starters like cut mirchi, chilli chicken and non veg platter work great with local Yuengling or Indian kingfisher beer.Fish curry goes great with steam rice while you'll need Butter Naan to pair with Butter Chicken.And if you're in mood for a quick but filling bite, try the Chicken Dosa. I for one cannot finish a serving without feeling guilty.And at last but not the least, Senthil. The friendly and ever smiling star performer of Tamarind. He knows what Indian hospitality is all about. Ask for him and be prepared for unparalleled service and a friendly host at one the best Indian food joints in Pennsylvania.
3	It's time for an update on this review, as I have returned to Tamarind a number of times since writing my last one, and the food has improved. It's not always great, but sometimes the food here is excellent. I have noticed some off days, where the food fails to thrill me, and the prevalence of cayenne pepper has me sweating it out, but overall things here have gotten much better. We enjoyed the buffet on Mother's Day, when they really pulled out all the stops. The vegetarian options were impressive and everything tasted delicious. If they ever go back to offering the lunch buffet daily, as they used to, I will consider giving them another star.
5	Excellent, Delicious FOOD.  Will visit again - anytime!Clean and courteous Staff.  Fast Service.  Its the FOOD....... that made me give it 5 stars.
4	This is our go-to Indian place mostly because it's close-by and they have a bar. The food is good. The service can be quite hit or miss unfortunately.
5	2 words : Gobi Manchurian!!!!We had an awesome time here for dinner. The food was awesome and plentiful. The mixed grill was an expertly grilled combination of lamb, shrimp and tandoori chicken. I had the pleasure of dining on the lamb korma which was the best  have ever had.  Tender chunks of lamb in a creamy korma sauce. It was so good I could have licked the plate. The chicken masala was also very good but spicy. The nan was precut so it seems like more than it is which I didn't like. The best of the dishes was the delicious, crispy, sweet, spicy Gobi Manchurian. This is a must have dish.   The restaurant is byob so bring your favorite wine. The corkage fee is 10.00 and we were told by the manager that this was per bottle but our check only showed 1 fee and we had 2 bottles. this brings me to the service which was excellent. I have no complaints. TIP: on your way out visit the grocery store next door
2	Mine was a to go. Food tasted good. No doubt about that. But the quantity of the food provided was hideous. They asked me to wait for half an hour "if you don't want half cooked food", as quoted by the guy who took the order. 6 pieces of chicken manchurian was given to me in a box. It did not even fill half of the box in which they gave it to me. And the quantity of the fried rice I ordered was the same. Either give them in small boxes so that the customer doesn't feel dejected or at least fill the box upto 75%. And yes, it does not take half an hour to cook this quantity of food. This place is disappointing.
4	Spicy and authentic. When half or more of the clientele  in an indian restaurant are indian... they do something right.I had the chicken vindaloo and it was amazing. Actually spicy! Mopped up the sauce with garlic naan and enjoyed every drop.
1	The server serve other table first and and let us wait for 20 minutes and we actually came in first
3	A disclaimer before I get to the review.  Since I'm Indian and have lived in India for a number of years, my standards for Indian food are probably higher than most people's.  I rarely go out to eat at Indian restaurants since my mother can beat most of them, even on a bad day (the exception being South Indian food, dosa, vada, idli etc.).Now that that's over, I'll say that Tamarind is about as good as most other Indian places in America, A-OK.  We had the Goat Biryani, the Dahi Paapdi, Andhra Spicy Dosa, Non-Veg Tandoori platter, and garlic naan.The goat biryani wasn't what we were expecting.  And since I've lived in Hyderabad and visited Lucknow a number of times, I think I have a pretty good idea of what biryani is.  It had way too much green chili and pudina.  The Dahi Paapdi just wasn't that flavorful at all.  The dosa and tandoori platter, on the other hand, were both good.   The sambar, idli and gunpowder were on par with spots like Sarvana Bhavan (in America).  The tandoori platter was generously portioned and perfectly seasoned.  Finally, the garlic naan was great (one of the best I've ever had).  Piping hot, slathered in butter with exactly the right amount of garlic.If your standards for Indian food aren't super high, Tamrind definitely won't disappoint.
3	Tamarind is an OK place to eat in strip mall in Pittsburgh. The waiter did not seem to understand us, and we had trouble understanding him. We had the tandoor variety appetizer that was spiced so hot that it really hurt. Then I had the chicken tikka and my partner had the lamb vindaloo. The vindaloo was hot, the tikka was perfect. I like that they have Indian beers--I was pleased to have a Kingfisher. Tamarind was just OK.
