3	Great service and sides. I am not a huge fan of the ribs but I do like the honey mustard hot sauce. I had the chicken (smoked wings) and ribs plate with mac-n-cheese and greens and a hunk of cornbread last night. I went a half hour before closing, so they were nice enough to comp me some ribs ends too.I think they grill the ribs more than they smoke them as they had quite a char and didn't have as much subtle smoke flavor as I might like. Probably normal pork spare ribs as opposed to babybacks too. I spent quite a few years in TX so my idea of BBQ is really cold and slow smoking... I don't have a lot of experience with Pittsburgh BBQ so it may very well be best in the area...Only one small table, so mostly a takeout joint I think. They have two other locations in the Pittsburgh area, but still feels like a mom and pop kind of place. Minimum credit card charge of $10 and street parking.
4	It has been  over a year since I visited Heron Ave for BBQ and the place has changed.  the name, the staff and the sauces. Z have three types of sauce traditional, Cajun and  honey mustard.  go with the honey mustard, it is the closest to the Original Heron Ave sauce.   Love the smokey grilled wings, got a half rack of meaty ribs and Mac and cheese- and greens as sides.  The whole order was less a 20.   a couple table fr sit down but this place 99% take out.  Gone is the bullet proof glass.  Parking in front.  I get worried when places change hands but Z best is still pretty good BBQ.
5	Stellar ribs. I had the original sauce with sweet potatoes. My friend had the chicken and Mac n' cheese. Everything was awesome. I think it's take out only.
5	This place makes me slightly sad that I'm vegetarian. I can state with absolutely certainty that they make the BEST cole slaw, homestyle mac and cheese, sweet potatoes and cabbage I've ever had. My father could not stop eating the ribs and loved the mustard and original sauce mixed.
4	Best bbq in the burgh in my opinion. Great prices and both ribs and chicken cooked to perfection. Mac and cheese was exceptional , and the greens were great. Would highly recommend to any hunting authentic bbq in Pittsburgh.
2	Great food,  horrible,  ghetto service. They never answer the phone or keep accurate hours
5	Update -- they moved from Heron Ave to 5th Ave near Consol Energy Center. The food is amazing! Awesome ribs and wings with addictive sauces. The sides are great too. Found out it's a family-run place -- the owners and staff couldn't be nicer. This is the place to get barbecue in the 'burgh!
