1	This State Farm agent and his employees have certainly let me down.We started our shopping for insurance on January 3.   After fielding numerous offers, the best price for the coverage we searched for came from State Farm in Scottsdale.  While other State Farm agencies replied as well, Shelbi at this agency knocked everyone else down with her outstanding ($388 for 6 months) price.I guess I should have started to worry when I received another 'We have a great price for you' email from Shelbi, which felt like she had no awareness it was being sent.   This one quoted the same coverage for $560 for 6 months.   I replied to the email offering $388.  Over the next 15 days, Shelbi and I emailed back and forth, my providing drivers' license numbers and the VIN number.  As we already have renters coverage under another company, I asked about the price of the policy without the renters coverage, and Shelbi advised we would pay $439.00.  Finally, January 15, Shelbi asked about my payment.  I asked if we could complete everything online or if she required a signature.  She replied that we could complete the transaction online.  I emailed the credit card information.For the next 3 days, I was again asked for the credit card information and sent it again and again.  Finally, on the 19th, the date coverage was to commence, I received yet another email requesting my payment information.  Replying again, I got an autoresponse that Shelbi was out of the office through the following Monday.  If I had concerns, I could call the 800 number for State Farm customer care.  11:30 PM, when I read the email, I came to the realization that I had been driving all day uninsured.  I called the 800 number and asked the representative if I could pay for my insurance with him.  He searched me up in his system and said he found my $560 for 6 months coverage quote.  I asked him to search again, as I was quoted $439.  He tipped and tapped a second and confirmed he found the right quote.  He asked me for a credit card.  I started to provide my American Express number, only to be told that State Farm does not accept American Express.  OK...I got the MasterCard out and gave the number.  Once processing was completed, the representative said "The quote you had has actually gone up a little.  It's $455.86, and you are covered."  I asked when I would receive my proof of insurance documents, only to be told "It will take a couple of days".  I asked if something could be sent to me by email, and the representative said "We don't usually do business that way".  I reminded him that I had driven a full day with no insurance, and it would not be acceptable to wait 2 more days to be legal.  He asked his manager, and I received my proof of insurance email a moment later.I called the office the following morning.  The 'agent', Dusty, was unavailable, as was Shelbi.  I asked for a call back from the agent.  Next, I called Geico.  They got me the same coverage for $51 less in 15 minutes.  After I got my proof of coverage email from Geico, it was time to call and cancel State Farm.  Chris, the representative who answered my phone, wanted to ask questions about why I would cancel my just-purchased coverage.  I replied that I would answer his questions as soon as he cancelled my coverage.  Once cancelled, he asked what changed about my satisfaction.  I told him the price changed 3 times, and I drove around for a day uncovered.  He wanted to ask other questions, and I renewed my request for Dusty, the agent, to call me back.  I called at 9:15 AM and did not get a call back from Dusty until 2 PM.NEVER AGAIN!
1	I am flabbergasted!There is no other way to put it.'Ol Dusty has gone and put me in his tickler file.  I just opened an envelope from his office. The name is correct, the mailing address is not. Not very classy to leave off the suite number, Dusty.You must be nuts if you think you are ever going to have my business.  As I have notified your office, I will reiterate here:Take me off your mailing list.  You are wasting paper, ink and a stamp.
1	sigh
1	Are you kidding me Dusty........I have attempted to change my address and payment information for several months, only to call each month and make another attempt to change.....I call today and find out that my insurance was cancelled over a month ago for non-payment.........WTF........Statefarm........Take care of YOUR customers and get rid of the flaky agents.........eSurance........I don't need human error causing me problems......
