3	"So do you wanna go with me or NOT?!" my mom asked me one hot summer night. She had a meeting for her work and she got a room for a couple of nights at the Embassy Suites in North Phoenix."Sure why not?" I said as I got out my many pieces of luggage and started tossing my cleanest dirtiest clothes into my bag. Hours later we arrived to a nice looking hotel, nothing too great nothing too horrible. It wasn't exactly the most welcoming place - but it will do. The gigantic pool looked sooo good! I couldn't wait to swim! We entered our room and saw a cute lil living room with adjacant dining/bar area. That came with a good sized fridge - empty unfortunatly... but still a good size and I was happy to see it also had a freezer. There was a nice bathroom with one of those shower heads that have different settings and of course the bed room.I LOVED the bedsheets! I literally laid in them all day and night! You couldn't rip me from them! The bed itself was nice and comfy and I really appreciated the long clyndar of a pillow! The pool was a huge circle in the ground. I don't mean for that to sound bad - but that's really what it was. I still had fun swimming around in it anyway. I did love the free breakfast they had in the mornings. They made it sound like it was a continential breakfast which means cut up fruit and aging danishes... but to my surprise they had a nice spread. They had eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit juices, danishes, muffins - the whole nine! Including a freshmade omlette station! It was a lot of fun grabbing my lil bowl and fillin it different fillers for a cook to make into an omlette for urs truely! :) It was a nice stay, not a grand get away... but it was something different and I'm glad I chose to go.
4	Not calling this a four star hotel but.... Make sure to visit the bar during happy hour and make sure Ronda is behind the bar. You won't find a better bartender. Breakfast buffet is also second to none.
2	I stayed at this Embassy Suites when in Phoenix for my 30-year high school reunion (man I'm getting old!).The room was of decent size and clean, but had been very recently painted.  The paint smell was strong, there was tape over fixtures, and it was dusty in many areas.At 7:00pm Friday night, a maintenance guy tapped lightly and briefly on the door, then opened the door 2 or so seconds later to let himself in.  I had the security bar on the door, as I always do on travel, so he didn't gain entry.  By the time the door opened, I was up from my nap and a few feet from the door Mr. Maintenance claimed he was here to replace the hair dryer.  I told him to come back later - that I was napping.  Interestingly, the hair dryer worked fine, and the guy never came back.At 9:00am the next day, housekeeping knocked on the door and nearly immediately attempted to let herself in - without announcing herself.  She closed the door and left when she noticed the security bar was engaged. The massage shower head broke Saturday night.  The hotel staff replaced the shower head while we were out to dinner, as requested, but did not bring up towels.At 8:25am Sunday, another housekeeper tried to let herself in.  The bar stopped her.  What was interesting this time was that I'd engaged a little black button that was supposed to block master keys from entering the room.  It didn't' work, needless to say.  The hot water in this room was inconsistent.  The temperature swings in the morning were huge - From ice water to scalding in split-seconds.The fluorescent lighting in the room was poor - not bright enough.The facility overall was very nice, as were the lobby/pool area.I stay at Embassy Suites quite often when traveling for work.  This one was a bit disappointing.
4	Beautiful property.  Very comfortable room with separate living room/bedroom.   Breakfast was the best I've ever experienced!  Great value for the money.
4	If you looking for good rental car deals....yes I did say rental car deals....this location may be one of your best bets. This resort is very nice...but the staffing is not very friendly. I mean we walked in to check out the rental car situation and the clerk was out...but there was a sign that said they would be back in "30 minutes". We didn't wait because we just wanted to get a layout of the place...but I noticed the front desk clerk was on the phone and didn't ask if we needed any assistance. We walked through the restaurant there and two people avoided any contact with us. Even the housekeeping staff were not in the talkative mood as well....so while I wasn't a guest there....I would hope the service is better for actual guests.Like I said earlier though the resort is beautiful....with plenty of outdoor and indoor seating areas to just relax and enjoy your day. The lobby is huge with a piano and water falls to deliver a very tranquil environment. Alamo, National and Enterprise rent-a-car are located here and they have no airport....or ballpark..... taxes so you can get great rate on a rental. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends.
3	I stayed here - again - because of the convenient location, close to friends and family.  I had no issues with the place other than the fact that their air conditioning system needed some maintenance...and that's just not good in the summer, when temperatures were between 105 and 111.  The a/c felt more like an evaporative cooler (aka swamp cooler) than an air conditioner.  The temp stayed at around 70, but it was damp and uncomfortable.  The staff was very helpful in offering me another room, but the climate was the same in the other room.  The staff and everything else about my stay was fantastic, as always.I like ES, and stay at them often during business trips, but I'll likely try another one (or chain) next time I visit Phoenix.PSNot having wireless in the suites is a little bit of a bummer.
1	this is one of the old building.the carpet is sticky and the room is smelly.if you are looking for a decent place to hit, this ain't it. they need to fix the interior and rip all of the carpet. making it a bad name for hilton.other than the room, all standard hotel service.but again, the carpet and the room is bad.
4	So this is not a new hotel by any stretch and it is not fancy.  Probably could use some renovation and it's in a pretty rough part of town.  Some if not all of the guests would not fit into the posh Scottsdale resorts.So having said all that, this is probably our go to spot when staying in Phoenix.  Although not fancy it is nice enough and clean enough.  For a large family it's also the best value.  For just over $100 a night most times you get a large suite, large pool for the kids, two hour free cocktail time in the evening (very nice), and excellent free breakfasts.  The cocktail time and breakfast alone are worth $100 easily for our gang.
4	This hotel layout is not typical for embassy suites. My room was in the back corner building and it makea for a long walk to the lobby.The room was clean, large,  and I thought it was a pleasant stay. The lobby, bar, and buffet were great. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. Only bummer is no free Wifi but I'm sure you have a descent data plan on your smart phone.
2	For an Embassy Suites this is lackluster.  The lobby is ncie and the breakfast is really good.  The room was old, the fridge did not work well (room 1030), and the area around the hotel is apparently very dangerous, s be careful if venturing out.You had ot pay for WiFi, I hate being nickled and dimed.  Throw it in, geez.
4	My husband and I stayed at this Embassy Suites for a business meeting held right here. It's easy to access by getting off I-17, driving east and very quickly turning down the first street on the south side of Greenway. Check in was easy, and the lobby has a neat kiva-like roofline and a tateful Native American theme. Finding the room was a little challenging. The building goes long and deep and then wraps around. The grounds are beautiful on the inside, as it's an older property. It is kept up pretty well, complete with pool and a large fountain. The room numbering system is a bit tricky. Some other visitors helped direct me--the signs were not clear to me. It's a good hike to the back rooms, where we stayed. But you can drive around and park near the back, and access the rooms that way, too. The rooms are accessed from outside door entry.The room decorating seemed pretty fresh and new, and the bed was very comfortable, with good-quality sheets and cover. Everything was clean and well kept. The facilities were modern, with a flat screen TV in the suite part and in the bedroom (I love that feature of having two rooms in Embassy Suites). The entry room featured a small living room area, telephone/internet/desk area and a small fridge, which worked fine, with a huge counter space.The best part was the breakfast, which was generous and full of variety. And it featured a very friendly chef who was eager to please. You'll find fresh ingredients for an omlette, plus scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, breads, bagels, danishes  and muffins (all the good carb stuff), the butters and toppings for those good ol' carbs and great juices and coffee, too. There's fruits, yogurts, cereals and other goodies on the buffet. Seating was generous, with a number of areas from which to choose. I made sure I tried a good portion of that variety, too! First class breakfast--which is included in Embassy Suite stays.The meeting room is a good size with easy access from a few different doors. Light and cheerful--can configure it a variety of ways.I filled out a survey for this hotel, like most hotels do these days. One difference: the manager actually followed up with me personally by email to make sure he was on track with my comments (I had mentioned that the meeting room sound had a little glitch on the sound AV settings). That was impressive follow up and indicates a caring management. I liked that.
2	Review based on 1 night stay on the ground floor:PROs:+ Heated swimming pool and hot tub+ Chef at made to order line was very friendly and attentive+ Complimentary Internet access+ Housekeeping was very timely with bringing extra blankets/pillows+ Easy to reach off of highway+ Good value when travelling in a pack of 6 (4x kids, 2 adults)CONs:- Very large property that was difficult to navigate around.  Interior (pool area) was very nice.- Was difficult to move floor to floor at night with luggage (couldn't find ramps or elevators, just stairs)- Cannot rate suite cleanliness as a 10 because remnants of previous guests were still around (party ballons, tape, ribbons were still up on the wall).  Called front desk after we noticed, they offered to change rooms and also send housekeeping, was not a huge deal breaker.  We were already unpacked with 4 kids.  They said they would make a note.  When we received the bill in the morning, they had another generic note with bill, "If you feel you cannot rate your suite cleanliness as 10, please contact the Front Desk immediately"  Felt like feedback given last night didn't go anywhere.  Would have been nice to see a note along with the bill that would have given me the warm/fuzzy that they had at least taken note.- Mold in bathroom and vents- Room felt damp and stale.  A/C controls were old analog style.  Was nice to have a ceiling fan in the bedroom, but it hummed/squeaked all night.- TVs seemed small compared to the overall size of the room.- Hot buffet was anything but...hot, that is.  Eggs/Sausage/Bacon were all cold and rubbery.  Cranberry juice mix was also out.  Doesn't seem like breakfast is up to Embassy Suites standard.  Notified chef at made to order line and he notified the rest of the staff right away to swap out the food.At the end of the day, we probably won't be staying at this location again.  We're still fans of Embassy Suites, but this particular location falls short.
1	This place i is the worst of the embassy suites ive stayed at! The customer service is lacking from the front desk to the restaurant! There is no one to help you and you have to hunt around to find a waitress to help you! This particular night -saturday night they had 1 waitress on duty for the bar area and restaurant! She was not a happy camper as she was completely understaffed! Also, the manager at the Embassy was no where to be found as we had requested to comment and manager was not there! Also, starbucks had no servers in the am as they were all sweeping floors or folding napkins in the back room! Customer service is a zero! When asking for directions they give you a map and tell u to call  as they are too lazy to offer to call or guide customers! Again, where is there manager. Our group of many people will never stay there again! Several people on our sports team were very disappointed!
2	Stayed here this week and not impressed to be honest. Not a typical Embassy Suites for me but the room furnishings, carpet, tub etc way below what I would expect. They are just not up to speed. As a hhonors member no free water either. I would not stay at this property again.
2	Embassy Suites is my favorite hotel chain, I will go out of my way to stay at their hotels. I have stayed at the hotel many times. It's gone down hill since I stayed last year.As a Hilton Diamond member I always ask for upgrades if possible but understand when the hotel is full. The problem this time was the late check in. They state on their website and it is Hilton's usual check in time of 3:pm. People standing around every where until 5:pm or later to check in and get into their rooms. I showed up at 4:pm and stood around until 5:10 pm until I received my room. I was told we were full last night, "hey it's great the hotel was full and being patronized " but why should the guest have to be punished because of an under staffed house keeping team. I was very obvious the whole hotel is understaffed. The plates and food from Whom ever stayed in my room the night before where right next to my door the entire stay even with a Noon check out. Do you not have anyone taking care of this, also outside ash trays over flowing, dirty lobby, serious lack of outside furniture for guest. It's pretty clear the employee's run this place not the management team. I'm standing in line for that famous Embassy Suites omelet, two cooks filling orders and bam 8:30 hits one cook packs up and leaves, leaving what appeared to be the Jr cook in charge for a twenty minute wait and a grease soaked omelet.After staying at nearly 50 different Embassy's and every Embassy in Phoenix this one is pretty much the worst. In it's defense the pool is amazing but lacking the use of outside bar. The rooms are clean but don't expect to see granite. The neighborhood is seedy, I actually heard a police shoot out with multiple gun shots across the street in November 2011.This could really be a great hotel again but needs a management team who can deliver.
4	This is an older Embassy and it does need some updating.  The entrance is very nice and inviting .  The pool area was very adequate when the weather is nice.  The rooms were clean and there is plenty of room.  Plenty of closet and drawer space.  There is a small fridge and microwave.  All very nice.  The downside is it is old and could be remodeled.  The rooms on the inside are much quieter than the ones on the outside.  It is worth the ten dollars a night more or so.  The suites are huge and the honeymooners suite is very nice.There is a nice happy hour with pita, hummus, veggies, dip, and pretzels.   Breakfast is fine.  Made to order omlettes or eggs,  bagels, fruit, yogurt, potatos, bacon (kinda fatty), sausage and muffins.  When I was there the hotel was full and the lines were long.  I think they can remedy that when and if it gets remodeled.  There is also a Starbucks in the area.  You do have to buy that cup of Joe.  Went there because my son got married close by and there were a lot of out of towners.  It was nice to all be together.  Could party in a room and no one ever said anything.  Not a bad choice.  It seems they have a lot of return clients.  I can't imagine why I would need to go back there but if I had to I would.
3	My family and I usually stay at Embassy Suites when we travel. We like to have the extra room and the breakfast omelets are always good! This Embassy Suites was just average, clean but nothing special. It served its purpose and would probably stay again.
4	When we first pulled up I wasn't sure...The outside looked very outdated but when we walked in I felt much better. The rooms were spacious and clean. The happy hour and breakfast were a nice touch but the heated pool in the summer in AZ was no bueno and no wifi.
4	Stayed here when we were in town to see a concert.  Nice hotel, friendly staff and great pool area.  Oh, Depeche Mode rocked it! :)
1	Rooms were dated with the old green standard carpet.  The main issue I had was though it's Phoenix, temperatures at night get to freezing during winter and there is no heater in the bedrooms.  The heater is only in the living room.   They told me to just leave the bedroom door open so the heat can make its way in.  It never did.  I ended up leaving in the middle of the night to stay at another hotel for my remainder 4 nights.
3	Happy hours every days at 5:30.  Free barThe facilities are dated and for such a big hotel, the check-in/out lobby is tiny
4	Enjoyed my stay at the Embassy Suites.  Nightly manager's reception from 5:30-7:30.  Free breakfast buffet.  A roomy and marvelous suite.  Could not ask for a better stay in Phoenix, AZ.  Would definitely stay there again.
1	Got what they called a two room suite, I wouldn't call it that at all!Asked for two beds and got one room with a queen size bed and the other had a sofa bed and I say bed lightly! This sofa bed was murder and I complained the very first night there, I stayed for six nights because I had pre paid and they wouldn't refund the balance but they said they couldn't move me to a true two bed suite because they were full!Will never stay at a Hilton property again!!!
3	I thought this place would be really nice judging by the lobby area. Checked in room and it was average.  Could use updating.  Had problems with ceiling fan called up front desk and tech was there promptly so customer service was excellent the whole time. They are doing work on restaurant area is breakfast is served in ballroom. Cooked breakfast was excellent.  Pool area was nice as well.  Traffic from interstate a little loud but not unbearable.  All in all I would stay again location was good wasn't a bad drive to any place we went.
5	I'm sorry but people who have reviewed this place with low ratings need to just go somewhere else. The only thing I'd say negative about this place is it's a little far from being in town. So if you want to be in a central area, this place may not be for you. The place is very inviting, there's free parking. Yeah there's a ton of different buildings and you may have a quick walk to get to your room but that's the set up.  We were treated very nicely upon checking in. Our 1 bedroom suite was very spacious. The pool is huge.  The grounds are huge. There's a free 2 hour happy hour with all you can drink!!!!! Continental breakfast ....need I say more? This place had a lot of surprising amenities that would cost you a fortune somewhere else.
2	The layout on this embassy suites is unlike most of them, and that is a good thing. Still had the water feature in the lobby which makes it smell musty and dirty, but all of the rooms are laid out around an outdoor pool and the doors all open to the outside - either overlooking the pool on the inner court, or the parking and freeway on the south side outer court.  they don't give you an option when you reserve!  I'm a Hilton Rewards member and my profile always says I want the least noisy option since I am a light sleeper - ie. the highest floor so I don't have kids jumping on my ceiling, and away from the elevator to avoid that noise, as well as the late nite partiers getting off the elevator and early morning business conversations. I got put in a 2nd (of 3) floor room, on the outer court. (I'd also asked when I made ressie to have our party of 4 rooms (10 people) in the same area.) When we got there they said there was no mention of it, even though it wasstated on my confirmation page.  they said they could not accommodate without charging more money.  Turns out after going to a late lunch, and picking up another family member from the airport, i went back to the room, and realized the air con wasn't working.  So back down with the luggage to get a new room.  Finally at that time they gave two of the four of our rooms together, but we were at the very far end of the property and had to walk a mile to get to the lobby, breakfast, etc.  At least the air in these rooms worked. the rooms are outdated, and dirty.  the carpet is worn and smelly and dirty.  the bathroom floor tile grout was filthy and smelled like stinky feet.  the lighting is horrible in the vanity area, even with the window drapes completely open on a sunny day.  there are very few electrical outlets, and none in good areas for doing business (no desk), or for blow drying out in the "dining" area to keep the noise down for the people still sleeping.  the layout has the toilet and the shower in one "jack and jill" layout between the living space and the bedroom, but the vanity/sink is open to the bed area.  The beds were very comfortable, although we all prefer the duvet covers to be white/clean.  The pool area is a plus - however the towels they give you are really tea towels, not pool towels.  this was laffable. it is nice you can order from the restaurant and they'll bring drinks and food out to the pool.  the free breakfast is really good...not much more they could offer, 6:30am-9:30am weekdays..  the happy hour was great for the drinks and lots of room to sit with a large group, but the snacks were far less in variety and volume than other Embassy locations...really just chips and salsa, and not the normal spread.It was also very humid and warm in the lobby area, and it was only in the '80s that day.  I think this is a good hotel for families with young children who can thrash the place and have a priority to play in the pool, or for college age groups who are on a budget.  There are other hotels in the area that are the same price and much nicer.  With a bit of a renovation or strong cleaning, and a little customer service, this hotel would benefit.
2	The front desk, breakfast buffet and pool are all nice, but after you leave the main lobby be ready for a disappointment! The rooms are old and the beds small.  Customer service is non-existent.  My sweet mother-in law asked for sheets and blankets for the sofa bed and nothing ever arrived.  Then they found the cockroach running in the room.  They called the front desk again and got an apology but again no one came to spray the room or take care of the roach.  I've stayed at several embassy suites - and I am definitely not impressed with it here.
1	This place is a DUMP!!! First, I called and asked if it was close 5 miles or so away) from an event we were attending and was told it was very close and a straight shot on the freeway so we get there from out if town and come to find out it was 20 miles away. 2nd the room was disgusting and unclean. The front door could not be secured, the refrigerator didn't work, the phones didn't work, and we got stuck in the elevator. AND when we went to the pool that evening it was littered with tons of garbage from other guests all over the place, no towels (which is a service they advertise), and the towels that were there were wet and thrown all over the place. When we requested some clean dry towels we were told that they just simply didn't have any because house keeping didn't do the laundry....REALLY!!!! When we order room service (which was a mistake and a joke) it was so nasty and way over priced for the gross food we received. I would never ever recommend this place to anyone. It's definitely not worth the $125 I paid per night. When I complained to the management, I was told there was nothing they could do because I booked through a third-party. I am so disappointed about this experience because it was supposed to be a celebration for my son'a graduation. Never stay here!!! La Quinta Inn is much better and worth the money! Should of stayed there!!!
4	Attending training here.Always have the temperature set nice & classroom far away from distractions. Nice open lobby & outdoor space to relax during breaks.
1	This is NOT your typical Embassy Suites.  If you are looking for a clean, modern Embassy Suites with rooms on the inside that circle a beautiful atrium...this is NOT where you want to stay!This looks like they took over a Days Inn or Super 8 and hung an Embassy Suites sign outside.  The rooms open to the outside, the interior furniture in our room was old and uncomfortable, and the shower/toilet area was cramped. The shower had dirty, black grout, hair on the floor around the toilet and an odd smell.  I cannot believe this is an Embassy Suites...so dissappointed. I've been a Hilton Honors member for almost 20 years and this was the worst Hilton property I've ever stayed.The upside?  The omelets and French Toast.
2	Hotel needs updating. The staff was very nice but the rooms were old and antiquated.  The pictures do not accurately reflect the rooms and site.  I would not come back to this hotel.
1	Embassy Roach Motel,  this place was a nightmare from the moment we walked in.  Upon check in we were told we wouldn't have a room key because the system was down. No biggie , shit happens right? We get in the room and it smells like piss and cigarettes, not too mention the roof was leaking. Management here clearly has their had in their vagina. For $140! This place was a total shit hole. If you're looking for a ghetto hotel to take some strippers or whores this may be your place .We went up the road to the DRURY INN, paid $100 for a nice clean room with free wi fi, free happy hour and breakfast . Do yourself a favor and hit up the Drury. Eat my ass embassy motel
1	This is the worst hotel I have ever seen. It is very dirty. The rooms smell like mildew and the bathroom was dirty. We checked in to room 1033. After seeing it we asked for a refund and wanted to leave. They offered to put us in room 1037 which was exactly the same but even worse. The rooms on either sides housed a giant dog on one side and smokers on the other. We left ASAP. I had prepaid for 2 nights and Hilton gave us a refund. The lobby looks nice but when you really look at it, it's extremely dirty with weeks of handprints on the glass doors and very old furnishings. Hilton needs to get in there and change management and upgrade the rooms.
4	With made to order breakfast every morning and 2 hours of free cocktails every evening you can't go wrong here. Stayed here multiple times and parents stay here when they come to phoenix. Always a good stay. Pool is huge too btw
5	Great room, amazing complementary made to order breakfast and great service! Would stay here again!
