3	Went here with a Groupon, and had never had a body wrap done before.  I added an extra 30 minute therapeutic massage as well to my spa day.  The massage therapist/wrap person did not introduce herself to me while being led to the room, and did not care to try with any friendly small-talk or banter.  In other words, just down to business, let's get this done.  The massage was first, and with all the knots in my shoulders and back, it wasn't realistically possible to work all of them out in 30 minutes, but it did help alleviate some of the tension in my shoulders.  Onto the body treatment and wrap.  First, my arms and legs were brushed with a stiff bristle brush, which felt nice, but then made me feel kind of like I was a pony in a horse stall being groomed.  The pumpkin/oatmeal spice "masque" applied to the arms, legs, feet,and belly was more like an exfoliating lotion, but smelled really nice and soothing, and made my skin very soft.  I was disappointed that the "foot dessert" was no more than just a covering of more pumpkin spice masque with towel wrap.  Based on the description, I thought there would be some sort of massage, so my feet, while soft and exfoliated, still yearned for some promise of foot massage.  This type of body wrap involves no rinsing off, just rubbing off excess pumpkin mixture with the hot towels applied to your body.  Would I go here again?  While I did like the wrap, I probably wouldn't pay full price for it since I feel like I get more therapeutic benefit from massages.  I might go here again to try another massage, but maybe from a friendlier masseuse.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!  If I could give them less than a star, I would!I purchased Groupons for this place.  I get there and the owner was SO RUDE!  They had screwed up my reservation and she kept telling me I cancelled my own reservation.  I had all the email confirmations on my phone and tried to have her look at them and she sat there and argued with me for like 10 minutes.  I explained to her that I had taken a half day off work to come to get a mani/pedi, and the massage was just an extra and her reply was "Well, I don't know what to tell you, I sent my nail tech home because you cancelled your reservation!"  I was dumbfounded!  I could NOT believe the treatment!  I asked her if she could see if she could get the nail tech back and she said she would right away, but then went back to typing!  Not calling the nail tech!  I kept asking the people if she called the nail tech back and they acted like I couldn't even hear them and asked her and her reply to them was "No, haven't had a chance to call her yet".  Then they stuck me in some sort of half assed relaxation room for what seemed like 45 minutes (I was the ONLY customer in the whole place by the way).  Then they FINALLY were able to unbusy themselves enough to do a massage.  (Which the massage therapist WAS wonderful by the way - she was the only good thing about this whole horrible place).  Then again at the end, they completely rushed me out, never even offered % off future services, never even said SORRY!    I am requesting a refund from Groupon for the rest of the deals I bought for this horrible place.  You pay money to get pampered, not be treated like crap.  I would NOT recommend this place to ANYONE!!  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE from the OWNER!!!
3	I went there because I had a Groupon for a hot stone massage and infrared sauna.I arrived for my appointment on time, but they had mixed up their schedule, and had to wait over 45 min! The lady that gave me the massage was nice and although I had never had a hot stone massage before, I enjoyed it. I am not sure how great it was as I had nothing to compare it to.I went to the infrared sauna after my massage for about 25 minutes. The room the sauna is in is not well organized, I didn't have any space to hang my clothes or put my bag. I would have given them one more star if they didn't make me wait that long. I will probably go back for the infrared sauna as it is reasonably priced compared to other salons I've checked.
1	It apparently takes an act of god, or congress, to get an appointment at this place.  A friend of mine found them online, and sent me the link.  Their prices for infared sauna were exceptionally good, so we were eager to make appointments.  My friend called, there was no answer, so she left a message, I called and there was no answer as well.  This pattern continued for several weeks.  No one answers the phone there.  Determined to try the infared sauna, we randomly showed up during business hours.  The door was unlocked, but we couldn't find anyone.  We sat in the tiny waiting room for almost 30 minutes when someone finally appeared.  She asked if we were being helped?  Possibly by invisible elves, but not by anyone here.  We asked her about the infared sauna and possibly getting an appointment.  Although she was nice, she didn't know anything about the sauna, and said we had to call to get an appointment.  Once we explained our predicament to her, she called the owner herself to see if she could help us get an appointment.  Once again, no answer.  Not even for your employees?  Wow.  She took our names and phone numbers and assured us someone would call us for an appointment, which never happened.  After all that I still tried one more time, and left a message, which once again went unanswered.  Either this place has the absolute worst customer service ever, or it isn't a real business.  Your guess is as good as mine.
5	I went to The Body Shop with a Groupon for a hot stone massage and was pleasantly surprised. The location is a little weird and the decor felt a little weird to me too, but I forgot all of that when Candy gave me one of the best massages I've even had. Her technique was fantastic. There were no distractions during the massage. Those little things sometimes really bother me like hearing the lotion bottle pumping or getting a glob of lotion rubbed in or picking up my arm or leg to move it, but I got none of that. Candy massaged my limbs to where she wanted them  and her touch and technique was flawless. I was totally impressed and will certainly be back. I highly recommend you give this place a try.
1	I received this as a gift from my husband who purchased from groupon.  Great idea and price however my attendee smelled like cigarettes, the floor was dirty and they gave me a robe that was torn and shredded at the sleeves.  The best part was my masage (note sarcasm).  The gentlemen who gave me the massage had my body contorted in different positions, actually used a chopping method on my back... is he even certified?  Most unrelaxing massage I've ever received.  The best part was when I turned on the lights to dress I could not believe the filthy massage bed I had layed upon, who knows when the sheets were washed.  I went home and showered, felt filthy and the products they use stink.  Don't go there!!!!!
2	I have been here twice and my mother once.  My experience was better than hers.My review:  The first time I came in was for a mani/pedi, sauna, and hot stone massage Groupon deal that I had.  My friend and I arrived for our appointment on time, but ended up getting in about 20 minutes late.  The mani/pedi is nothing to brag about but at least the employees were nice.  (This was awhile ago so perhaps they have improved that part of the facility).  Since we were already behind schedule the massage therapists came in to get us but our toes were still drying.  They made us go anyways.  I did not like worrying about messing up my polish during the massage.  This was my first massage and I thought it was fine.  No complaints.  Afterwards, was the sauna.  My friend came in with only a robe on but I was dressed back into my clothes.  My therapist had forgotten to have me put a robe on, so I sat awkwardly in the sauna in my clothes.  It was a tight fit for 2 people and not much of a private changing area as it was just blocked off by a divider.  My second visit was also a Groupon deal for a facial.  This was a great visit with no complaints.  I really had a nice facial.Mom's review:  My appointment was 10 AM.  I filled out my paperwork online ahead of time and clicked submit.  However, when I arrived at the place the said they could not locate it so I had to fill it out all over again.  I was told my massage therapist was running a bit late.  I did not get in until 10:30, 30 minutes late.  The massage was just okay.  I have had way better.  Sadly I was supposed to get a 50 minute massage and a 30 minute add-on service according to my Groupon.  I asked for reflexology as my add-on but the massage therapist talked me out of it for a Foot Delight instead.  They integrated the massage with the add-on so I only got 50 minutes total.  What a rip off!  My facial was very nice but the employee smelled of cigarette smoke which was bothering to me.  They tried to get me to sign-up for a membership at the end.
5	Can I possibly be reviewing the same place as the previous posters?? I could rave about this experience  for an hour if you let me. I went with a groupon.. massage and foot massage. The massage was awesome! Angelica? Not sure on spelling was very in tune to my needs and was super sweet. The foot massage was divine, I've never had one but wish it were longer. The thing that really impressed me was the fact that they let my therapy dog in no questions asked and were very sweet to her. Most places interrogate me about her and treat her as though dogs are disgusting...ugh. It was a great experience.
1	Very disorganized. Hard to get anyone to call you back within a reasonable time frame. Never again.
3	I found a groupon that I could not pass up for this place. Lets just say you get what you paid for customer service wise! I had a morning appointment for a spray tan and when I got the the shop was locked up! 15 mins after my appointment was someone finally showed up and I told her I had an appointment and she addressed me by name when I had not told her it to her but then later said I was not on the schedule and asked me what I said my name was again (fishy fishy). Other than that my tan came out great and has lasted pretty well so I'm confident my second one should look good but I do not expect any kind of royal treatment.
5	Totally amazing a great bargain the massage therapist was wonderful, The best facial I have ever had, customer service was excellent, the atmosphere was very relaxing. frankly I will never go anywhere else. there was no negativity at all completely amazing I already want to book my next appointment, I also want to buy a Groupon for my boyfriend. Candy is amazing truly a skilled masseuse request her you won't be sorry!
5	Candy is excellent at what she does! I bought the groupon for the hot stone massage and additional 30 minute service. (I chose the scalp massage) I got lost and about ten minutes after my appointment time they called to see if I was going to make it to my appointment. I told them I was lost and they happily gave me directions and stayed on the phone with me until they saw me pull up out front! Candy was kind and made me feel very welcome. She introduced herself, asked me about my preference of pressure, and then proceeded with the most relaxing massage I have ever had. She didn't engage in small talk which I thought was awesome! I don't like it when they constantly talk, I want to relax! I appreciated the fact that she didn't try and force a membership. When a spa ends my massage with a strong sales pitch it ruins the experience for me. She informed me about a few of their services and gave me the information about membership to take home and look over. Thank you Candy for the wonderful escape from my world!  The only thing that I didn't like was that it was very dark when I entered the room and she did apologize. It may have seemed darker since I was out in the bright sun just a minute before. I would have preffered that I was able to see that the room was cleaned and the bedding was fresh. I am sure it was, but being a germaphobe, it would have relaxed me more to see it with my own eyes. I think she was trying to get started with the massage right away though because I was late.
5	Massage with Sarah is amazing!!  She definitely is one of the best we have ever had.  My wife also loves the facials.  The staff and owner are also very friendly and accommodating.  Highly recommended!
5	Audie was professional, personable and wonderful! I'll be back!! Also, sign up for a membership for better rates
5	I found "The Body Shop" while googeling Infrared sauna.  I went for the sauna and looked over their brochure of services. I scheduled a massage, sugar scrub and sauna.   Best massage I've ever had!  Hot rocks, hot towels, very professional. The scrub was good also. All very relaxing and professional.  Great specials.   I'll be back.
1	I sent my now wife to this place as a secret to get her out of the house to make extra preparations on the night I was going to pop the question. The receptionist at the time was not personable and she sat there 20mins past her appointment time and was being ignored so she left and almost caught me making plans. Luckily the day and night still worked out, but no thanks to these folks.
5	A massage with Candy will make you feel like you've died and gone to heaven!
4	The treatments I had here were wonderful! I took my mom her for a post mothers days present, and she as well was very happy with the services. We got the Spa Me package which included a facial, a massage and a foot scrub. Everyone there was very friendly.The facial was good. During the extractions I felt like there were a few that weren't quite ready to be popped that she really went at. As for my mom, a few hours after the massage her face got red and inflamed and for the next couple days her skin peeled, but she said after the dead skin peeled off her face looked and felt younger and healthier! She was VERY happy with the finished results. (shes also 56 and had never had a facial before so I'm sure her face was just really past due for a facial)For our massages we both had the owner of the spa. She was REALLY good! We both prefer a firmer massage and her pressure was excellent. She had a natural instinct for finding knots and getting them out. She used many hot towels in the session which for me is a major plus!The spa itself looked like an old dentist office or something that was turned into a spa. The rooms were a little bit on the small side, but I mean once you're in session it really doesn't matter. I'd rather be in a small room and has an amazing session than be in a large room with a not so great session. And she did a good job with making the rooms look cute.All in all we were both very satisfied with this place. I would definitely come back here next time we visit!
5	I came here for a groupon and have kept bringing my daughter back weekly for the amazing facials.  She is a teenager with the typical teen skin problems. Mikki has been truly incredible in helping us on a path to clearer prettier skin.  There is never any pressure to buy products or unnecessary treatments like can happen at the bigger salons. I have also enjoyed a facial and massage at this spa.  Both were great. I highly recommend this spa for anyone with a teenager in need of clearer skin.
1	I bought a Groupon for their Spa Me package which included a 50 minute massage, 50 minute facial and what they call a foot dessert.When I arrived the girl at the front desk couldn't find the paperwork for me to fill out so she was just basically like do you have diabetes or anything? Nope. Okay. She also was the one who ended up doing my massage, so I'm guessing she isn't use to working the front desk. The place is a little dirty... the towel on the head rest was stained (at least I hope so). I feel like a deep cleaning of the place would really help. The massage itself was pretty good and I was very relaxed. I was kind of bummed the hot stones weren't very hot at all and she could have used more oil. Kept running into dry places throughout the massage. Another thing was she sat down for parts of the massage and kept banging the chair around when placing it on opposite sides of the table when she switched. That was kind of distracting and took away from the massage a little bit.The next lady who did my facial was a little too extreme and opinionated. Kept feeling like she was trying to start an argument with me? Super strange. She didn't even bother to steam my face before doing the extractions. I've never had someone not steam my face. When I mentioned it to her after she was claiming "my pores were really hanging on" she said she doesn't usually steam. Then I asked her if she could wax my eyebrows at the end and she got all bent out of shape and said her wax wasn't on. I asked her how long it takes to heat up and then she's like "Oh I guess it might be done at the end" of an hour long facial? I'd think so. Then she applied the wax and put a strip on but it didn't stick because it wasn't that type of wax. She seriously didn't know what she was doing in my opinion.Since the place was dirty, okay massage and not so okay facial I give this place 1 star. Definitely would recommend checking out a different place.
