5	Jacquee's Espresso is a delightful little deli hidden in the Two Renaissance Square Tower. Had it not been for a co-worker taking me on my first day of work, I doubt I'd have ever wandered in there on my own, but that's beside the point....The point is that Jacquee's rocks! Whatever you do, don't hate on Jacquee's. If you do and I'm around, I might just bust a ninja kick in your face. (But probably not...I rarely reveal my ninja skills outside my apartment.) I have been to Jacquee's at least once or twice a week for the last six months and I have zero complaints. They have scrumptious sandwiches, salads, soups, wraps, and cookies to die for, all big and soft like. I am a big fan of the sandwiches. Jacquee's makes the kind of sandwiches I would make for myself at home if I wasn't so lazy. Boar's head meats, hearty breads, and vegetables so fresh they make me wonder why I ever slum it at Subway/Blimpies/Quizno's.So basically, in essence, on the whole, the point I am trying to make, to get across, to fundamentally express is that if you work downtown and have not been to Jacquee's for lunch yet, you are going tomorrow (or today if you are reading this in the a.m.). I feel I have done my civic duty by writing this review! Then again, maybe I should have kept Jacquee's a secret so the lines aren't so long....
3	(Amanda please don't ninja kick me... at least not in the face, it's all I have going for me.)I would definitely rate Jaquee's higher if espresso wan't in the name. However, if I go to Big Tom's Shawarma and the shawarma doesn't rock, it's not going to get a good review. I love Espresso and since I'm out of town getting my fix sounded really good. I came across this place because I came out of the patio entrance of Baja Fresh.So, I tried the Espresso (after coming out of the patio entrance of Baja Fresh... a different time). I ordered a single shot with whip cream. Not exactly expecting perfection, I didn't even ask them for a con panna, I just said a single with whip cream. First of all, it was practically a whip cream latte. They put it in a regular size cup and the whip cream was so high I had to eat some to get the lid on. So, I grabbed a couple raw sugars and went around the corner and dumped 90% of the whip cream in the garbage. I added the sugars (I make it at home with 1 teaspoon sugar and a small amount of whip) and tasted.Yuck! I couldn't even drink the thing. The whole thing followed the whip cream into the garbage. It was so bad, I couldn't even imagine getting a drinkable latte there.This would make the place 1 star. However, being in a charitable mood, I went back the next day for breakfast. (And because there are almost no breakfast places nearby that have sausage options.) So I ordered a sausage breakfast burrito. The burrito bumped the review up to two stars. HOWEVER! They have really, really good home made salsa. Combined with the burrito it made three stars for this joint. If the place were called Jaquee's Breakfast Burrito's and Awesome Salsa, I would give it 4 stars.Based on Amanda's review, I feel obligated to try the sandwiches. I will update my review accordingly once I have done so.Jacquee: if you ever read this and want some advice on how to make espresso one can actually consume, I'd be more than happy to help.
4	Jacquee's is tucked away in a little corner of the Renaissance building, just like a treasure waiting to be discovered! The service is always very friendly and super-quick! Even at the height of the lunch rush, I only have to wait a few minutes for my food to be made. The ingredients are fresh and the meat is top quality. How can you go wrong with Boar's Head?! I love the spicy deli mustard on almost any sandwich or wrap with a ton of veggies! Also, the fresh-brewed, flavored iced tea is always nice. I hate when other places serve the tea that comes out of a fountain - YUCK!!I plan on going back to try the breakfast sandwich for only $2.50 - what a deal! Not to mention coffee drinks and Italian sodas to boot!
4	I only had a few minutes to grab lunch on Friday so I stopped by this little shop on the first floor of the Renaissance building.  I ordered a grilled cheese and some potato salad and my order was ready in just a few minutes.  They have Boar's Head products here so the quality of the meats and cheeses is excellent.  My coworker grabbed a turkey sandwich that she claimed was the best sandwich she'd had in a long time.  My grilled cheese was pretty tasty too, crisp and buttery!  My potato salad was pretty good, although I think it might have taken a few years off my life from all that delicious mayo.  Great place to grab a sandwich downtown.
4	The place was very clean and cute.  The service was also very efficient and friendly.  Today, I had a delicious breakfast burrito.  It was super filling and not greasy. The salsa that came with it was also good.  Not hot, but had good flavor.  I am looking forward to going back again for a delicious sandwich or one of their yummy coffee drinks.  Thanks for making my morning nicer Jacquees.
5	The sandwich I had today was like really good sex that you keep re - living in your mind.  When it is happening you know it is the best you have ever had.  After you remember all the fantastic things and relive the moment.  Today, I had the pleasure of eating the chicken salad sandwich on cranberry walnut bread.  It was huge and had a good ratio of mayo - not too much and not too dry.  The chicken was white meat that was generously cut into huge chunks.  There was some dill, celery, and black pepper in there too.  Sandwich - I am still thinking about you.
4	It's unfortunate that Jacquee's is basically hidden from anybody who doesn't work in or near the Renaissance building because the sandwiches are TDF. Today I had a Hot Ham & Cheese on a kaiser roll with jalapeno, lettuce, avocado and side of love. I usually stick to the wraps (Thai Chicken = Dope) but I can also vouch for the Chicken Salad on cranberry walnut bread. The potato salad is also quite tasty. Jacquee's is a perfect take-and-eat mom and pop sandwich shop that cares enough to use Boar's Head meats and cheeses and fresh bread. Perhaps next time you're about to give Subway your $7 you'll consider giving it to Jacquee's instead.
5	Jacquee's is my lunch time savior.  Oh, ok, breakfast too.  Actually, there is nothing that I have had that I didn't like.The veggie sandwich is fabulous.  If iced tea is your drink of choice ... Jacquee's usually has 2 or 3 flavors, in addition to just plain old iced tea.My favorite meal at Jacquee's is breakfast.  They carry a line of oatmeal, Umpqua oats.  WOW, WOW, WOW!  Yeah, it's pre made, but still a healthy, filling, tasty option.
3	3/5 it's aiite...girl can make a good sandwich. and for a side, they offer an interesting pickled cucumber thing. anyways, i think it's a decent lunch choice among other options. i heard that their other offerings are also good, and that the soups are worth coming back for. overall though, it was just a good sandwich.
3	Definitely a solid choice for some quick healthier alternatives.  Good Wraps with quality ingredients.
5	Hands down the best sandwich place Downtown.  You can always count on them to be fast, quality and delicious.  Anything you order there is good - and you can't say that about many places.
4	If you work downtown around Adams and Central, Jacquee's is a great place to grab some grub to take back to your desk for lunch or breakfast.  Don't let the long line during the lunch rush fool you.  The wait isn't bad.  The selection is good for a soup and sandwich joint with lots of healthy choices or full flavor.  You can get a complete meal, or if you just want a snack, there are several a la carte options throughout the day along with coffee and treats. The thing that impresses me the most is that they always remember my name and greet me as if I'm their best customer ever...when I know that I am far from it!
4	Someone brought by a coupon for Jacquee's Espresso one day this week at the office, and I used it that day for lunch. They are a quick walk from my office tower, which at least gets me some Vitamin D for a few minutes. Jacquee's has a breakfast menu, along with coffee, which I'll try this coming week. But this is for lunch... They have a nice menu of sandwiches and wraps - they all look pretty healthy.  They are made while you wait, which is great. Mine was delicious. The line can get long for lunch, so expect a bit of a wait between noon and 12:30 p.m.
5	I m still a fan of this place.  They are so consistent with their food and service.  Everything I have had here is good.  I especially like the different teas they have eah day.  It is a bit pricey, but the quality is not lacking at all.
3	Really great coffee, and breakfast sandwich.  Their salads are ok.  Great soups!They are always really busy at lunchtime but the line moves quickly.
3	:( unremarkable, burnt the espresso in my cappuccino. When you got espresso in the name of your business you should be able to make it well.
5	Friendly staff and great food.  I love this place.
5	My friends and I get coffee from here daily. It's just a short walk from work and lines are ususally short. The staff are very friendly! Items are priced well. Although they have food I only go for coffee. The Chai Tea is a must! I have never been one for tea, but I'm addictied.
5	This little cafe is in the lobby of my high rise office building downtown.  I love being able to skip the Starbucks or Coffee Bean drive-thru in the morning and just pop in here for a coffee or a $1 large fresh iced tea!  They're always friendly and they remember you, even if you only come in a few times a month.  I've heard great things about the grilled sandwiches and pastries, too.
2	There is new ownership, if you go in anytime after 9:15ish they are out of all of the flavored coffees and usually down to no choice for the breakfast sammies or burrito, so I just don't even try it anymore.
