4	Of all the chain sandwich places Jimmy John's is my favorite!  It might hold a special place in my heart partly because Jimmy John's originated  in Charleston, IL 30 minutes from my home town...  But really I just love their chewy french bread and finely cut meats.  The chips they have are kettle cooked style and crunchy delicious, and their cookies are quite tasty as well.  You really can't go wrong with their food.This Jimmy John's location is new-looking and extremely clean.  The employees are friendly, and as promised, they had my sandwich ready so fast I almost freaked.  I'm glad I don't live near this Jimmy John's because I would be tempted to eat here every day.
4	So fast you will wonder why you didn't make it yourself.This location is clean and the staff very friendly. I have been in at least 10 times and never had an issue. I do wish they would expand the menu, thereby giving me more time to ponder the choices before eventually settling on the veggie sub.
5	Very clean, and very quick service..  In and out in under 3 minutes.Very friendly staff too..  I'm a fan of the #1, pepe..
4	JJ has got it going on. Great atmosphere, great subs, friendly people that seem to enjoy the job! They look forward to taking your order and by the time they collect the money the sandwich is ready...amazing! We order delivery the website is great, inviting and easy to use. Delivery is always on time and fresh!
5	Again great experience, they really know how to greet you at the door and everyone loves the job and working with each other, I don't know what your putting in the water but keep adding it, cause its working! I'm a fan! and will spread the word!
4	OH Jimmy John's...you are a godsend when one forgets his lunch at home and you need a quick, tasty, filling lunch that will help you with the next half of your workday and not put you down for the count at 2pm.This location is tucked away across from UNCC and is fairly busy.  I like how the seating area is bigger than the location on Mallard Creek Rd/Prosperity Creek.  It is also less noisy.... Usually the other location kinda yells at you when you come in.  It becomes endearing (eventually).  This one is more subdued:  "Hey, how's it going" and doesn't really do anything to my blood pressure quite like the other location.The sandwiches are made with the same speed and efficiency... so I am pretty much using the entire lunch hour devoted to stuffing my face and not necessarily waiting on food to be prepared.
3	Gourmet?  The sandwich is better than Subway, but not the best sub I have had.  Pretty ordinary, nothing special.  It appears as if they do a lot of take out.
5	Fast and great!  Love it!
5	Can't go wrong with #6 light mayo, cut in half.  Fast, friendly, I'm in
4	I like the #5..
5	Finally a quick lunch option at work. I've been lamenting over the fact that it takes 30 minutes to get in and out of the Panera that is practically walking distance from my building. But a short drive down, hidden out of the way is this oasis in the hectic workday.Last time I went, it was 11:45 - right before the lunch rush. The sandwich maker was asking my order before the cashier even had a chance to. From the time I walked in the door to the time I left with my order: 90 seconds. 90 SECONDS. That is incredible!It's noisy and the staff is very social, but they do a great job. It's not a delicatessen, but it's good, consistent food that doesn't require half a day to get. Awesome!
5	Jimmy John's had not let me down in the 2 years I've been ordering from them. I'm a student at UNCC and JJ is a staple in my diet. Delivery drivers are always nice without being overly nice or weird. They always call when they're close (which is a huge plus for me since I'm a dorm). Tonight in particular I placed my order in advance online to arrive by 10:45-11pm and the driver called me at 10:41. They are indeed freaky fast! Got the Pepe and did it Unwich style for the first time- no complaints. At first, I was a little pissed that there was only 1 lettuce wrap and thought that I would be starving afterwards but it actually filled me up. And they have some of the most flavorful ham. Lastly, they are extremely reasonably priced- I got the Pepe Unwich delivered and it was only $4.25!
5	I'm a sucker for soft fresh bread and Jimmy John's does it perfectly. This was my first first to this location and it was packed. But our order came up quickly and perfectly. The right amount of mayo for me and no mayo for my boyfriend.  (You'd be surprised how many people can mess that up.)  The place was clean.  (Including the bathroom)  I'll def be back next tiem Im in the area.
4	The service is very quick and they are very clean. They use gloves when handling all the food. The love their bread its always fresh and warm.
5	Great service.  Super fast! Number 16 add cucumbers,  onions, oregano, salt pepper, oil and vinegar.
5	Me and my wife stumbled across this wonderful sub shop on our way through to florida, the restaurant was very clean, the employees extremely helpful and they were very well versed in there menu... I highly recommend this place for a quick healthy, tasty and reasonably priced meal.
5	Best JJs I've ever been to and I've been to A LOT! Freaky fast food, awesome chips (jalapeno and thinking are the best) and super delicious cookies. Get something with bacon or avocado or both :)
