5	We've made two visits here and have been pleased both times. Flatbread pizzas, wraps, panninis - even their flatbread chips are good. They have a lovely selection of side salads if chips aren't your thing. Add reasonable prices ($7-8 for meal) and you have a wonderful alternative to the fastfood lunch options around.
4	Great new lunch spot in Chandler.   Today was my 3rd time eating here and have enjoyed it each visit.  I have had the Brazilian Chicken Grilled Flatbread, Pesto Chicken Grilled Flatbread, and Caesar Salad with chicken.  The brazilian was the best so far but all have been good.  The also have Tazo brewed ice tea which is a plus in my book.
3	Not a bad place.  Pizza was good but stay away from the wraps as the flatbread wasn't meant for that.
4	I have been there a couple times now, and have enjoyed everything I tried.  I also recently hosted a party and got them to cater it.  Was a hit at the party, and worked out really well.
5	Great Prices, Even Better Food. I came here last week for lunch after being suggested to by an employee. Sandellas delicious variety of salads, paninis, and flat bread pizzas has had me coming again and again ever since! The prices are unbeatable for the quality of food, and for the price of a value meal at a fast food restaurant I get a delicious and healthy entree with chips and a drink. Sandellas is a real gem of a lunch place in Chandler. A++
5	I've seen this place on the corner for the last year or so and never bothered to stop by. I thought it was just gonna be another "there one minute, gone the next" restaurant, and now that I've been there, I regret not going sooner. My wife wanted to try something new, and we had a coupon so we figured we'd give it a go. We've been back twice now and every time we've been the food has been wonderful. I haven't tried the wraps, but the grilled flatbread and the paninis are awesome. They just added sweet potato fries, which are not horrible by any means, I'd say they're passable. They're frozen, not fresh, so nothing you wouldn't expect. The price can't be beat either, for $5-6 bucks a person you get any kind of flatbread you want, a drink, and whatever side you want. With all kinds of daily, weekly, and monthly specials, there's enough variety to keep me coming back for more, and I highly recommend Sandellas.
2	I went last night with 5 friends.  They all liked it.  I wasn't impressed AT ALL.  The people working were young and nice.  The food is just so simple and boring.  Something you could make at home just as easily.  I tried the confetti flat bread (not on the menu but recommended to me by the empolyees.).  A flat bread with salsa as the sauce and then different vegetables- roasted red pepper, corn, sundried tomatoes and a few other things topped with mozzarella cheese and baked.  All the veggies tasted canned.  It was edible but for that and a Sobe drink I paid over $9.  I wouldn't go back.
4	The food here is very tasty.  It is really great to have a different option for lunch or a quick-pick-up-on-the-way-home-from-work-because-I'm-too-tired-to-cook dinner.  I am not a big wrap person but I really love all the flat bread pizzas (especially the Brazilian chicken) and calzones; they are cheap but hearty options for dinner.  The salads and quesadillas are great for lunch and you can also get chips and/or cookies with your meal.
3	Sandella's is a fine choice for fella's.  You can order pretty cheap but they will try to upsellus.The flatbread pizza was good but it ain't gon' make ya jealous.The amount of sweet potato fries will underwhelmus.The place is a decent choice but no one will say "Hell yes!"
4	Salad was pretty good.  Oven toasted flatbred wrap was excellent.  Good prices and they have some smaller portions if you're not too hungry.
3	Nice selection of "sandwiches" and while enjoyable to eat I feel they could be a little more flavorful.  Its a nice alternative to quiznos and subway.*Doesn't serve coke products
4	This is a good place when I feel like eating lots of breads.  There is decent variety of foods and their monthly deals make it worth while for a couple to eat.  It's a better alternative to Subway per say, which is in the same parking lot.  I am putting this place into the rotation.
4	For a while, I was usually the only person in here when I came in. Lately I've seen more people eating in the restaurant, which is good. The help is always very nice, and the manager (and owner, I'm assuming) probably sleeps on a cot in the back, because he's ALWAYS there. The food is cheap, and the deals they have for families are a great value. I hope they get a good lunch crowd during the week or something, because I don't want to see this place shut down!
4	The food here is delicious without a doubt...a bit pricey unless your buying for a family.
5	Fabulous! This is a very good place to go!! Very fast and healthy food!Staff very friendly  My Fav. the California Quesadilla! YUMMY!
3	Saw this place online and it sounded tasty so my friend and I gave it a try for lunch.  The place was very clean, well staffed, friendly and definitely fast.  I had the provolone veggie panini and a side veggie soup.  The panini ingredients were fresh & flavorful, had a mildly spicy sauce and held together pretty well.  I enjoyed the sammy but it tasted...well...fast.  Sort of assembly line I guess?  Sadly, the soup was canned & bland tasting.  A couple of shots of hot sauce didn't bring it to life at all.If I'm in the area I may go back again and try a different sammy and salad this time, hopefully they'll be a little more lively.  I like the concept and the menu, good service, clean, but the food didn't take me away.
4	Great place for a quick, healthy bite, featuring flatbreads, wraps, panninis, salads, soups...even quesadillas!  No matter what you choose, you know exactly how many calories are in each (the calorie count is next to each menu item). I devoured the chipotle chicken wrap (380 calories). The veggies were plentiful and fresh, and the flatbread was the perfect thickness--soft but not flimsy. The chipotle sauce was flavorful, with just the right amount of heat.  My only complaint is the smaller portion of chicken--more is always better.  Try the peppadew hot sauce on your meal!  Wayyyyy better than Tabasco. It would be PERFECT if there was one located closer to Scottsdale...So many tasty options, all at very reasonable prices--$5 got me the wrap, a drink and my choice of chips, a cookie or a brownie.  Beat that, Subway!
4	Great spot for a quick healthy-ish fast food meal.  Always has excellent customer service!  My favorite is the Buffalo Panini.
4	This is a fabulous casual place for lunch.  Good food, good prices and wonderful friendly service.  The manager ALWAYS comes by to check and see how everything is (what other casual dining place can you say that about?) and they remember you and frequently even know what you order.  Also, despite being busy, they get you in and out in a timely manner.  I love their Veggie Flatbread, Hummus wrap, Santa Fe Salad and Fiesta Salad.
5	Saw this place when I turned to go into the AT & T store in same strip. Friendly, helpful staff, love the calorie counts on the menu. Quick service, delicious chicken fajita quesadilla on tasty, not too thick flatbread.  Yum! Coming back!
5	LOVE this place!!! So yummy and a nice change from the millions of same old sandwich shops. My favorite is the Provolone and Veggie Panini! So good, I pretty much have that every time I go, the salads are good as well. The people working there are always so nice and friendly, I just can't get enough of this place!!
5	This place is awesome! Came with a group and we had soup, salad, panini and flatbread and everyone was delicious!! Love how healthy and fresh everything is. We will definitely be back!
4	Flatbread is incredible; I prefer the wheat type.  Their buffalo chicken wrap was incredible.  Very healthy options with calorie data on display.  You can eat healthy at Sandella's while enjoying a fantastic taste.  Oh, and try their rice bowls.  Drool.
5	Found this only thanks to my GPS - was looking for food on the fly of a healthy variety.    Sandella's manager that day was uber-courteous and happy to answer my questions about the origins/quality of their food.  The buy most of their produce from local farmers.  Their whole wheat flatbread pizza was very satisfying.  I had a sweet/spicy Brazilian chicken pizza.  It was ready very quickly!  The manager apologized for not having organic, but pointed me to the nice organic lemonade in the cooler.  I'm glad I found a guilt-free, delicious pizza for 6 bucks.  Stop in and give these guys a go!
4	Owner is really hands-on. Very customer service centered establishment. I love their hummus wrap.
5	Fantastic staff and management! Flatbreads are exceptional as well and there are almost always specials going on that the staff is well-informed on. A must visit for sure!
4	Staff is super friendly and makes customers feel welcome. Totally chill and let customers take their time when deciding and also give good suggestions on what to get from the numerous menu items. 'Grilled flatbread' is basically your pizza sauce and toppings on pita bread, you can call it something fancy but when you get down to it that's all it is. For the price, not that great. But - the quesadillas are really good - super melty with awesome fusion of flavor on the inside with crisp flatbread texture on the outside. Usually get the Southwestern Quesadilla and it's been flawless all but once - one time they added too much salsa and it got soggy, so make sure to tell them to take it easy.Great for a lunch outing with friends or just a place to grab a quick bite to eat. They market themselves as a healthy alternative if you're into that. Big plus for having Sriracha hot sauce available.
4	Food is fresh and always prepared just right. This is our regular lunch spot, lots of variety and a staff that is so friendly and helpful. Give them a try - they're worth it!
5	Great food at good prices, incredibly fast service even when busy, welcoming atmosphere, definitely recommend.
5	I eat here everyday on my lunch break! It's amazing
5	This restaurant was realy surprising to me. It's very service-oriented: it's very clean, the staff polite and friendly, and very fast. That's not usually something I expect from a health-food store - usually I wexpect something a little more alternative :P The food was great though - I'm a big fan of the hummus wrap and the soup! - and I really appreciated the little symbol that helped me find which foods are vegetarian! It's always a struggle to find veg-head friendly places to eat, so thank you for that! The drive is a little far, but I'll be trying to go back!
5	This place is amazing!. Tried for the first time today after Weight Watchers recommended it. I had the Brazilian Chicken Flatbread on wheat. They were very busy at lunch but got my food out in 10 mins. The staff was so nice and so friendly =) Will be back....maybe even for dinner ; )
5	I have used Sandella's on three different occasions for catering lunches to business offices. Jeff ( owner) does a fantastic job at not only running a great business but also with the quality of food he prepares for customers and excellent customer service and catering as well. My offices that I bring lunch to love this food fare. It is a healthy alternative that many of my offices are craving after having so many lunches brought to them that weigh them down and make them feel like going to sleep after lunch. As a part of our healthcare community this food is something I feel confident about bringing to my colleges and offices that I visit. It taste great, it is made with only the best ingredient personally selected by Jeff and it is best of all , healthy.
5	Probably the best customer service I've ever experienced, and the food was good too! I went here with my brother tonight and the manager?? was so friendly and accommodating. He told us all about Sandela's mission and gave us recommendations for dinner. I had the Fiesta salad which was simple, but still good. Also got the Brazilian flatbread, Buffalo chx panini, and turkey pesto wrap for the family which all got great reviews!Definitely going to go back here as they have tons of healthy, delicious options, and customer service is phenomenal!
4	It's quite obvious that the folks at Sandella's appreciate your business, they're friendly and helpful. As for the food... I've tried about half of the items on menu so far, everything has been very good.
4	I like this place a lot.We happened to stop in here because my girlfriend had bookmarked it and we were in the area.  This place is very clean and the staff was extremely helpful.  We had not been in before and the guy at the register made some suggestions based on what was popular.  We ended up getting the buffalo panini and the Brazilian chicken grilled flatbread.The panini had a good flavor to it.  It was a little on the messy side but wasn't too spicy that you can't enjoy it.  The chicken was great.  The flavor was kind of like a spicy jerk honey mustard.  I wasn't ready for it but once I got my head around what I was tasting, I enjoyed it thoroughly.I recommend this place if you are in the area.  I will definitely be back.
4	Sandella's is a nice little neighborhood lunch place. The menu is basically various iterations of many of the same ingredients in different formats (flatbread, panini, wrap) BUT they have always been unfailingly delicious.They also seem healthier than your average quick and inexpensive food, which is a nice perk. I pretty much always order the Buffalo chicken panini (which is wrap-esque and I often confuse the two) I love that they're completely open to modifications as I like to leave off the blue cheese dressing. I've also sampled the Brazilian flatbread, which was tasty as well (although a bit mustard-y for me) Service here is always very friendly - they really make you feel appreciated and are crazy accommodating. The restaurant is very clean and comfortable. This was one of those places that we missed terribly when we moved out of state and we get excited to visit now that we live closeby again :)
4	Sandella's has a great selection of tasty and healthy flatbread options. Today I tried the buffalo chicken grilled flatbread which was very good and I've also had the Brazilian chicken wrap and the margharita flatbread which was great. The Brazilian sauce is unique and has a very Caribbean jerk flare to it. I also like that Sandella's has calorie information posted and that the nutritional value of menu items is easy to find online. It is a little on the pricy side but no more than you would pay at Chipolte or Firehouse Subs. The customer service is great and I have never had a bad experience here. The only reason I did not give five stars is because sometimes I have found the flatbreads to be a little dry and lacking in the sauce department but I'm sure it all depends on who makes it. Overall great place for lunch and I will be back.
4	The buffalo panini was messy but amazing! And the Brazilian Chicken Grilled flatbread was great but different. It had almost a jerk/honey mustard taste to it. Great place!
5	Wonderful flatbread items. I love their flatbread and almost feel like buying for home. Their ingredients seem fresh and food is never greesy but still yummy :)
5	Owner is super friendly!  This place is clean, friendly, and tasty.  The meals are healthy and the calories are listed for those who are trying to make good choices.  They also include a free cookie so kudos for that!
5	This place is awesome. Their staff is always friendly. They know what to order for business guests. The food is great & the place is clean. They are pretty fast too! I like how they offer healthy information on each food item. I would like to recommend to them to work on their company website. I am sure this is the website given to them when they buy the store, but it seems like they might be losing money because you can't order online nor is there a price list for each catering item. I try to visit this site once a month to see if I can place orders but it hasn't been updated. If Sandella's is bringing in the money they should consider using some profits to update the website for more efficient servicing. Best of luck!!! I will keep coming back and ordering:)
5	Got the buffalo chicken flat bread.  First time at this place and they definitely left a great impression!  Front desk promised they best oatmeal cookie, and they delivered for sure!
3	Meh, this place is overrated. I can only speak for the wraps, but the bread that they use would be better suited warm (maybe their paninis and pizzas have more to offer). I came here alone on my lunch break one day and was trying to get something relatively light--so don't let the word "Cafe" fool you like it did me. The wrap I had was so heavy and drenched with sauce that I could barely move after my meal. If I ever come here again, which I probably won't, I'd try one of their pizzas or paninis. At least the place was clean and the staff was extremely friendly. Overall, if you come here DEFINITELY go for a panini or a pizza...the bread that they use isn't the best for a wrap.
4	Visited Sandella's for the first time this evening and was very impressed.  The food was very good.  I tried the Buffalo Chicken Panini, which I highly recommend.  The Hawaiian Flatbread pizza was also very good, was the Vege Panini.  We also tried a couple of cookies and a brownie ... nothing special.  Mind you, this is a pretty quick sandwich, fountain drink and chips kind of place - HOWEVER - the service was very good and the manager who assisted us was very accommodating.  On that note, we took advantage of their weekend special at the recommendation of the manager:  Any three entres, drink and side for $18.  That's a pretty good deal for the quality of food we got.I will definitely visit this place again.
3	A friend and I went in for a late lunch today. We got the veggie flatbread and the Brazilian. They were both decent but nothing that I would rave about. I was sort of expecting a small family owned cafe and this appeared to look more like a chain. The food was alright, we live quite a ways away so I don't think I would go back.
5	My husband is obsessed with this place and I love how healthy it is. People who work here are always so nice.
4	Most entrees are between $5-7 dollars and sound increadibly appetizing.   After much debate my brother and I tried the tortilla soup, bacon basil flatbread, and thee Tuscan chicken wrap.  The soup wad pretty good but there wasn't any crunchy tortilla strips in the soup.  The dlatbrwad was pretty delicious, but not that filling.  I think I'll have to try one with more toppings next time like the February special confetti flatbread.  As for the Tuscan panini, it was wonderfully cheesy and packed full with chicken.  Very good overall :)
5	I was looking for something to fill me up yet light, but different. I found Sandellas and bought my wife and I lunch to go. I had the beef burrrito with greek salad and I enjoyed it a lot, couldn't finish it I was full. But the one bite of the wifes chicken panini was amazing and now I am gonna have to come back again to get that and try other things.  Great Job here. Keep it up.
4	Excellent place for good counter service food quick. When you compare to other fast food places, this is much better flavor and quality than others. Fresh, real food that you know what you are eating. We had cheese quesadilla (has salsa added inside), chicken Caesar salad, chicken delicato panini and spinach/artichoke grilled flatbread.  All were good, just as expected. Fast, friendly service.Shortbread cookie with cranberries and white chocolate tasted homemade. Came with daily special (flatbread) and drink for $6.29. Two kinds of Tazo iced tea and Pepsi products offered. Definitely will come back again if I am in Chandler.
4	I decided to try this place out for lunch. The restaurant is very clean and the staff is extremely polite. I tried the Tuscan Chicken Panini. The manager happened to take my order and asked if I wanted to make it a meal with a salad or sweet potato fries with a drink. I decided to get the meal and chose the fries. He handed me my drink cup and told me my order would be right up.After filling my drink and choosing a place to sit, I only had to wait for a minute or two before a young lady confirmed my order and placed it on the table where I was sitting.The panini was excellent and was very worth the money. The sweet potato fries seemed to be baked and not actually fried, which is good if watching those extra calories. They came with what seemed to be a homemade honey mustard. I do not particularly like honey mustard, but my wife does and knowing her, she would definitely like this one.Overall the food is fresh, heathy, and delicious. The service is friendly and quick (even at the noon rush). I would recommend, and I will be back.One thing to mention is that the sides, chips, and meal deals are not displayed on the menu, so you may need to ask for prices for these. Also, the calories are listed next to each item on the menu board. I would give 5 stars except for the missing menu items.
5	I'm a hungry out-of-state contractor looking for a simple Subway breakfast flatbread.  But the Yelp reviews tempted me to try something local.And glad I did.  Sandella's had flatbreads, paninis, and soups freshly prepped at 10AM.  I ordered a burrito for the guy on the work site and the Tuscan Chicken Panini for myself.Unfortunately I had many other stops, I didn't get to the panini until 2PM that day.  Maybe I was famished.  Or may it simply was awesome.  But it was one of the better paninis I've had in the parking lot of a tile store.DISCLAIMER: Do what I say not what I do.  I had no after-math issue eating a 4 hour old sandwich; but one should really refrigerate all foods that are not immediately consumed.
4	This was a great place for a quick bite to eat!  I've only been there once, but I am so ready to go back again.  I had the Provolone and Veggie Panini; and it was really tasty!  I thought it was fantastic of them to list the calories for those that are health-conscious and watching what we eat.The staff was friendly and quick.  I was literally surprised at how quick our food came to us (I was worried we'd be cutting it too close to get to our kickball game).  The price was perfect, and it was a cozy place to hang out for a bit and socialize.  Overall, I'm a fan and will be going back to try other menu items!
5	I honestly would just give this place 5 stars based on customer service. The man that helped me out (may have been the owner or manager) was extremely friendly and explained the menu to me. He also gave me a taste of their Brazilian sauce, which is delicious and I got to dip my sweet potato fries in. I ended up getting a Tuscan chicken panini which was yummie, but I want to go back and try out their Brazilian chicken grilled flatbread because this sauce is delicious. I know I should be staying away from bread so maybe I'll try a salad instead.  Either way the service was great, place was clean and for a quick yummie bite it's a good place to try out.
5	Good little place to eat. Prices are reasonable, portions are not over sized, staff is knowledgable of their menu items, friendly fast service and the place is clean!
2	Going to put this in the overrated bucket.  Maybe I need to try more things, but the Brazilian was very disappointing: some sweet sauce on a flat bread with a couple of chunks of chicken.  Don't see the allure.
1	I paid $9 for a chicken caesar salad and a cup of soup. They were both really generic and way over priced. I wouldn't eat that chicken again if you paid me. Reminded me of that disgusting pre cooked chicken that comes in a plastic bag at the grocery store for salads. Not coming here again.
3	It was Good Friday.. last day of no meat! So I met up some friends here for lunch..I ordered the Vegetable Confetti Grilled flat bread. I really liked it. There's a reason why I'm not a vegetarian, because I like my meat! But this was actually really good. It comes with green peppers, sun dried tomatoes, corn, cheese, onions, etc. Of course it would've tasted better with some meat on it, but it was actually quite tasty for a vegetarian flat bread. My friend got their Caesar salad that she wasn't too fond of and apparently it was a bit over priced for a regular Caesar salad. I thought it was a cute little lunch spot and my flat bread was good. It took a bit long to get the food, but I'd come back to try their other items. =)
5	Great service and amazing food especially for the price ! Also had hardly any wait time for the food. Highly recommend the southwestern quesadilla :-)
5	I am a frequent here because of the light flatbread recipes and amazing chicken caesar wrap. Great quick lunch spot!
4	Brazilian bacon flatbread is a must have!   Everything here is fresh and fantastic. Excellent staff!!
5	Really yummy. Went in when the place was empty so the owner talked us through the menu and made recommendations, had us try the Brazilian sauce. I ended up getting the Brazilian flatbread which is definitely a unique dish and it was delicious.
5	My husband, 10 year old son and I decided to try Sandellas this evening and we were all glad we did! The gentleman running the restaurant was extremely nice and made some suggestions for us since it was our first time in. He provided us with a sample of the Brazilian sauce which was delicious!  My husband had the Buffarino  flatbread which has a buffalo style chicken on it and I went with the Brazilian Chicken flatbread; both were delicious!  With some suggestions and the option to customize, we went with a kids cheese,  chicken and pepperoni flatbread for our son and he loved it!We love the fact that the philosophy behind the food is that it be healthy,  fresh and flavorful (which it was). Loved that the calories were displayed on the menu.  The price was also a plus. The three of us ate including drinks and a cookie for just $22 and have leftovers for lunch tomorrow. A fantastic value, a great meal and a very pleasant dining experience overall!  We will definitely dine here again!
5	THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD!! AWESOME LUNCH SPOT!!CLEAN!!! FRESH!!! TASTY!!! CHEAP!!! QUICK!!I had a quesadilla & it was stuffed with so much good stuff--black beans, guac, salsa, cheese, sour cream & chicken!! Super good & cheap--enough food for (2) people!! My sweetie had a burrito and it was huge too!I also like their pizzas--thin crust & fresh!! They offer really yummy snacks that are super fresh, veggies, and good pastries too! I cannot say enough nice things about this place. They are so friendly and helpful. Great customer service!!Highly Recommend!!!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!  all of the food I've tried here has been amazing! !! The flatbreads, paninis, quesadillas....delicious food and friendly staff!!
4	Tried this place for lunch after reading reviews on Yelp. Prices were decent, I spent less than $10 for a flat bread pizza and drink. Food had great flavor. I like how they list the calories for each item as well. They also run daily lunch specials. Staff was friendly and helpful as well. I'm sure I will go back sometime... it was somewhere in the neighborhood of pretty good, but not quite great.
5	This place is great!! Food is healthy and delicious!!!! Prices aren't bad. Owner is so nice and personable. Staff is friendly. Place is clean. I will definitely be coming back!!!!!
4	I am totally addicted to their Brazilian Chicken Flatbread. It is fantastic. The sauce is so yummy! It is a bit sweet so I am sure it has a lot of sugar in it. But based on the nutritional information on their website, the calorie count is pretty low so I am going to continue loving it and I don't care who knows it.We usually take our food to go but the restaurant seems to be kept pretty clean. We have had nothing but good service here.
