3	What is there to say about Goat Wagon Grocery? It gets the job done. That's it. Need a Gatorade 'cause you're hungover? They've got it. Need beer so that you can get hungover? It's all there. Snacks, too. Even frozen DiGiorno's pizzas. Bout to catch a flight and need some reading materials? Books and magazines a-plenty are right there. Have a cold and dont want to order in? Grab a can of soup and some juice. Look, it's a convenience store. It's convenient, and that's about it. But one more thing: The guys that work at the store are awesome. They're friendly, they let you bring your dog in, and they'll even let it slide if you forget your wallet. That's about the best thing you can ask for from a guy you have 10-12 meetings with a week. And let's be honest: it's a cool name. Check out the plaque in the store for an explanation.
1	The Goat Wagon Grocery has nothing going for it except its location. I shop here because it's the closest convenience store to my apartment.Negative experience #1:The store reeked of marijuana. Smoking's fine, whatever floats your boat, but air the place out. You can also attempt to not look completely stoned on the job.Negative experience #2:My girlfriend walked here to get change for laundry. The younger gentleman attending the store (the one who smokes) initially refused, saying the store didn't give change. First off, this isn't true; the older attendant gave me change before. Second, we shop here all the time, and everyone who works here recognizes us, including him. She offered to buy something to get change and he again refused, this time insisting he do her a favor by opening the cash register anyway. He was never this much of a wishy-washy jerk when we shop together.
3	I live directly above the Goat Wagon so this store is sometimes a God send for myself. There have been so many times that I have been cooking dinner or have friends over and I realize I'm out of milk (or beer) and run downstairs to grab what I need. The staff is nice and they chat it up with you if you come in often. The prices are very high but it's a convenience store so it's not entirely a shock. The peeps that live or work nearby keep the store in business and there is sometimes an interesting crowd that gathers outside but if you're in need of a particular item or a frozen pizza for the night and don't feel like walking to The Teeter on 6th St., the Goat Wagon will do just fine. Bonus: Pajamas are not unusual to be seen here, which is always a plus in my book. I wish I could go everywhere in my PJ's!
