1	Save ur time and money and just go to a real hospital. Not only did I have to wait forever when I was the fourth person in the door, I had the dr tell me the pink eye I got from wherever was my own fault and I needed to cooperate through the pain or she's gonna leave, apparently I completely ruined her day. Also if u get there before 8, wait at the door, not in ur car, bc 15 people will do what they can to beat you there for when the door opens.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars; save your money and go to Concentra quick care (there are several locations in the valley). The staff at UMC is awful. The only nice, professional people there are the people who check you in and collect your info. The nurses are blatantly rude and insulting, and the doctors could care less about you. The X-ray technician there was incredibly rude and demeaning as well. This place is awful; I wouldn't send my worst enemy here for treatment. You walk in expecting to be cared for, and you leave feeling angry and extremely dissatisfied.
1	I am in complete agreement with Beth H. In saying its awful...I rather lift people up but everyone there excluding the people who check you in have no compassion much less professionalism .....have tried a few times thinking the next time had to be better and it was just the same....went there hurt, and left hurt, having to owe money to a Dr. That didn't help any and extremely upset....my bad experience has been only on the one on Craig, next to ihop n across the street from target.....wouldn't even rate them 1 star...:(
4	I know this place got bad reviews, but I had a favorable experience today. In and out in under 45 minutes. Nurses could have been a bit more gentle, but that's not a deal breaker; they were at least nice. Doctor (didn't catch his name) was really funny, nice, and right to the point. He listened,  understood what I needed, and took care of my issue (allergic reaction). I'd go back, they got the job done and were fast! (Without making you feel rushed)
