5	This is my idea of fast food. Clean, quick and not greasy and friendly quick service. The food is as good as it was years ago when I was in college. This is a different location and the menu has expanded but their main item the Mexican fire broiled chicken, flour tortillas and pinto beans are consistent. So is the salsa and pico de gallo.
4	For fast food, this place hits it out of the park. First off, the counter space, drink station and salsa bar are always clean. Service is prompt and courteous. As you might guess, (el POLLO loco) their specialty is chicken - "flame grilled," though I've never looked for the flames, personally. They offer all kinds of applications from whole chickens (wings, thighs, legs, etc.) to sandwiches, to tacos, burritos and salads. Heads up: the street tacos are TINY. The burritos are dense (loaded with beans, rice and cheese). Today, I tried the new jalapeno chicken sandwich. It was good but lots of condiments: jalapenos, pepper jack cheese, southwest sauce, lettuce and pico de gallo that distracted from the chicken. Interesting bread - like a hybrid between cibatta and a Wonder bun. They boast a citrus-marinade which they also use on their beef. I don't know that I've ever tried their beef though... the chicken is moist and flavorful. Maybe, one day, I'll mix it up a bit!Another cool thing about this place is: there are numerous options for combo "sides" including beans and rice but als fries, corn on the cob and mac and cheese and more!
5	When I want fresh and healthy fast food, I go to El Pollo Loco.  The chicken is served piping hot, having been taken right off the grill.El Pollo's chicken is flavorful - deeply marinated in citrus and herbs, then flame grilled - just love that crispy skin!  Another plus for me is their chicken is farm-raised, and hormone-free. For about 5 or 6 dollars, I get the 2 piece chicken combo that includes tortillas, 2 sides and a fountain drink.  (Look/ask for a coupon.)  My favorite sides are the spicy tortilla chicken soup and the crunchy coleslaw, but there are lots of sides - rice, fries, beans and salads.  Some other chicken dishes are the tacos, burritos. and bowls.    It is a bright, clean restaurant with fast, friendly servers - I love it!
3	So I had to eat here cause I was starving and visiting my mother in the hospital. I gotta admit what I had was not half bad for a fast food joint. I had their Spicy Chipotle Burrito. It had some kick to it and the flavor was enjoyable.
2	Two words: Hell. No.I have never been to an El Pollo Loco, but I've heard good things, so I went to this location to check it out last night. I ordered the kids pollo bowl with tortilla chips, which is essentially rice, beans, and chunks of chicken.  As soon as I took the lid off, I knew something was wrong.  Was it supposed to be a soup? Because my bowl was SWIMMING in liquid.  I assume that it is from the container they keep the beans in, but it's like they didn't even bother to drain the liquid before they threw the beans in there, and now my bowl is more than half-full of bean water.  The tortilla chips were on par with Taco Bell.  I might go back to try their chicken on the bone, but never again will I order a bowl from this place.  Gross.
4	I realty love el Pollo Loco!Their restaurants are always clean and up to date. The food is fresh and you can watch the chickens cook on the grill. What can be better?  Oh, price you say?  Well that's pretty good too. If I were Boston Market, I would buy them up, so to put them out of business!  My first crazy chicken was nearly ten years ago in Burbank, CA of all places. It was late in the day and I was starving from a long drive down from Sacramento. The food was as good then as it is now. They're are some new menu items. The introduction of family sized portions, but in essence El Pollo Loco hasn't changed. On my most recent visit, I had their Loco Salad for only $1.89, which comes in a deep bowl. I also added a BRC burrito for $1.69 and a cup of pinto beans for $1.89. A good deal and a filling lunch for $5.47 plus tax.. Delicious. Enjoy!
2	I foster kittens for a rescue and had to take them to be altered at the AHS yesterday. My husband works close by so we met up and had an early dinner here before the kittens were ready to be picked up. I haven't eaten at any El Pollo Loco restaurants in four years because the last time I did they gave us the wrong order. We threw caution to the wind, mainly because nothing else close looked good.I ordered the taco salad and my husband got the chicken avocado taco combo. He liked his tacos well enough, but my taco salad was sprinkled with dry, hard pieces of chicken. They were so hard you could tap them on the table and it would make a clicking sound (if it wasn't covered in sauce, that is). I didn't complain, I didn't take it back. I will never again go to El Pollo Loco. I didn't learn my lesson before, serves me right.I gave it two stars because my husband said his combo was "meh, it's okay"
1	Second time to El Pollo Loco in the past 10 years and was very disappointed in the chicken. I use to absolutely love their chicken years ago while living in California and now find it not as tasty nor worth the money.
