5	After 3 trips (original plus and 2 revisions) to a big-box home improvement store that is way too far from our house for all that driving, my fiance finally decides (after I told him in a very ladylike fashion that I was through with this project) to look elsewhere for custom-cut glass top panels for some wood shelves we (he) wanted to build and requested some quotes.Spoiler: supporting local business is the way to go!!!Roadrunner's quote was about 50% cheaper than the others we received. Customer service was incredibly friendly and professional, and the order was completed in a few days. The glass fit perfectly atop those godforsaken shelves that we (he) dreamed up, and now we can step back and admire. They even sanded the edges for safety.Should we attempt another home improvement project in the future and it involves glass, I will gently remind him that we (we) will be hiring a professional, and it will be Roadrunner.
5	We had an emergency after hours call for a glass door that was vandalized in a business. I called and spoke to an operator that forwarded my message. The call was quickly returned and he was there within 30 minutes. He was fast, friendly and cut a special piece since it was an off size. Great Job!! I won't hesitate to use them again!
5	Roadrunner is great!  They installed some really modern windows in a project I am working on in PV.  They found solutions while the framing for the windows weren't done correctly.  Visit their showroom they have good displays of work they have done.
5	I researched windows and doors for months and received more estimates than I care to admit. I spoke with some companies that deal with proprietary windows/doors, but even with the independent installers, most wanted to sell me the ONE window they specialized in, which, invariably, was poor quality. Doug at Roadrunner listened to my concerns and made excellent recommendations. They work with multiple styles and brands, so I had several options to choose from. We chose two different manufacturers, one for the windows and another for the patio doors, and we LOVE them- it significantly improved the look and FEEL of the house. The service was phenomenal. The entire staff was very communicative at each step, and they are very professional. I highly recommend Roadrunner Glass!(BTW, amazingly, the prices for superior quality products at Roadrunner are less than competitors' prices for junky window lines.)
