5	I had the pleasure of working with a few people at Randstad to find my current position. All staff were very professional and helpful. They were always friendly and very helpful when I had questions. Even though all of our correspondence was via phone or email, I felt very comfortable working with them. Their staff and website are also very user friendly. They found me a great position with amazing benefits and much better pay than my former position or anything I was finding on my own even in the tough Las Vegas economy. I would highly recommend working with this group!
5	Randstad has been nothing but super helpful with my job placement. They keep me well informed on current job issues and also possible jobs that might suit me better. The whole experience has been really easy and the staff is incredibly friendly!
1	They talk big but don't be fooled.  You will get terse emails and they don't give you any feedback after an interview.  You have to stay on top of them for everything.  The only way you will know if you got the job is if they call to tell you you got it because they sure won't call to tell you you didn't.  Good luck trying to reach your recruiter, they are always at lunch or in meetings.  I had to be proactive - which is ok - I'm the one looking for a job after all but I didn't think it was too much to expect professionalism and good service.  What I got is the impression that I was simply a means to reach a monthly quota.  They post jobs that match my skills yet I never receive a phone call and when I reach out to them to inquire about it, I get a vague "those positions are under review".  More like "these jobs don't really exist, we're just trying to build our pool so we can reach our monthly quota".
2	Is it a front? Do they collect Social Security numbers?I signed up with Randstad in January 2014, looking for work.  I've been an administrative assistant for more than 15 years' cumulative experience, lately culminating in a governmental agency and public law-enforcement agency that both needed a 10-year background check. I signed up and took their online tests assessing skills in Microsoft Word and Excel.. which I was only able to partially complete due to *their* server problems.  (They never let me finish it).  Aaaaannnd...... nothing. It's been two months now.  Also went to their "interview" and the kid interviewing me didn't even bother looking over my resume before talking to me. Humiliating, embarrassing experience. I was tempted to ask her her, like, opinion of choco-tinis and the latest news about woo-girls, but I barely managed to hold my tongue and smile [etiquette]. At least she wasn't chewing gum. Had to go scream in the bathroom into the paper towel dispenser afterwards, though. Is the whole world run by mean-girl 20-somethings?For a city topping about 1.4 million, I'd expect at least a nibble.  In the words of Mel Brooks:"Between 1 and 2 [am], I eat Cheerios with nonfat milk.. and between 2 and 3 I cry, and after that, I go to sleep."Going over to another agency... sigh.
4	Got me a job sooner than anticipated. I'm happy where I'm working right now and I'm thankful they called me up pretty quick. They keep me up to date w/ all the info available though I live here at sacramento. It's awesome how I'm working w/ people far away from me but  makes me feel close
1	So my review got deleted because I included the name of the worker, but I will write this again. I was very disappointed with the customer service I received with the lady I worked with at this location. Her initials are JP. She wasn't very friendly while working with me. I sent in all my forms and documents to her which took an entire hour out of my day for a job that pays $10 an hour. I drove an hour total through this whole process. I am 4 months here, I got lost. If you're in an extreme situation she will not help you. The building you have to go to to get your fingerprints done has so many different exits and JP told me to find visitors parking which I couldn't find because all the parking spots there are with gates. She kept repeating herself over and over again which doesn't help because I still don't know where to go. I don't think she knew either, which she could have transferred me to someone who could have. Turning around in that area isn't easy it's very busy and cops everywhere. I scraped up my tire because I was trying to turn around in places that were too tight. She keeps telling me go west go east I have no clue where that is. At the end of the call she tells me "I can already tell you're not qualified for this position" are you serious. They put me through all that crap just to tell me that! I was hurt and drove 35 min to get my finger prints done. Jobs not guaranteed until a month after I do my fingerprints. What a horrible system. I will never come here again and I'll make sure to let everyone know about how poor my experience was. So upset my cat got scratched in the process of this. If you're new here don't work with JP, she won't be much help. If this gets deleted again I'll keep posting it. I won't stop. I'll call management soon to report her.
