3	This is a smaller festival in its first year. In full disclosure we won tickets through Yelp so I  honestly can't complain too much because it's a free beer festival and truly what could be better?!  I did however, want to write an honest review because there are definitely a few things they could improve upon and since I love beer festivals I'd like this one to continue : ) Beer: I actually enjoyed a lot of the beers available though I won't say there was a huge selection. D9 had a sour my husband raved about, and I second Jeff on Southern Pines. I will agree not a ton of craft options, but I was a pretty happy camper regardless.  I was excited to see a cider booth but they didn't have a liquor license yet and were just out promoting which was a bummer...Crowds: Or lack thereof.  A big PLUS for me was not having to wait in any lines. There were definitely people, just not so many that you couldn't get a beer in a reasonable amount of time. This also made for clean facilities which was appreciated.  VIP: I'll be honest I would have been really angry if I had paid extra for VIP seating. . We had planned on taking advantage of the "catered-food"  for our lunch but it ran out fast . They originally had available some cut up chicken fingers, wings, fries and chips. They said they were going to order more but never did (we kept checking back and were pretty disappointed). There was almost no seating and even less in shaded areas.... a big fail considering it was nearly 90 degrees that day. Entertainment: We really liked the music, Hero's at Last and Of Good Nature both played great songs and were fun to listen to/watch! All in all we had a really lovely day, but I am not sure that I would shell out my own cash to attend unless some changes were made...
2	There were some ominous clouds overhead for much of the day - guess they didn't realize that we were VIPs or something. Luckily they seemed to stay away, at least as long as we were there. Unfortunately, we weren't there long. As Jeff says, you can only go around in a circle so many times (and more importantly, it was a pretty small circle).Another good point he made is that though there were plenty of folks hanging tough in the face of that nasty-looking cloud, easily the best vendor was the trailer from Southern Pines. The rest of the folks just seemed to phone it in. In fact, many didn't even do that - a decent number of the booths were staffed with volunteers of the charity (and there isn't anything wrong with that), but the volunteers didn't know anything about what they were serving.Hey, if you're going to go through the trouble of coming out for a cause, at least go through the trouble of learning about what you're doing. It takes two minutes, and makes the experience so much better. Instead, they were just pouring (and it's good they got that down) and barely handling that - at least one person was manning two of the tables.As to the event itself: Meh. The catered food in the VIP was pretty cheesy. There was a quesadilla at first, but I think it was literally a quesadilla. After the first one was gone, I don't think they ever brought out another. The trailer with the couch was kinda cool, but there were about five chairs, and they said they had a hundred VIP tickets? No way that would have worked if everyone showed up back there. Plus, even the craft-but-not-craft beer in the VIP section wasn't working for the first little bit. That's just a little odd.
