5	It's VIP day at Kneader's and we got our invitations at our office yesterday. Since everyone else is already at work, I was allowed to pick up food for us to share. Management is so nice. Staff needs to work on their smiles but they are all new and training so it's understandable-they'll smile when it's less stressful. :) The restaurant is decorated for Christmas and has some cute things for sale.Can't wait to come back when they're officially open and bring the family!
5	Came the second day was open. Long wait but hey that's expected. Well worth the wait. Definitely going back soon.
4	I am really happy to have this new addition to Surprise.  I have never eaten at Kneaders before, so I was a little hesitant (I usually feel waaaaayyy let down with sandwich spots, except for those few that are AMAZING... ie Dilly's, Niccoli's, and I really do love me some Jimmy Johns)  I was soooooo happy with my order.  I love the drive through, the customer service was outstanding, and the sandwich was reallllllllly good. The bread (hazelnut multigrain) really took the sandwich to another level, but the fresh turkey and awesome house spread (mayo mustard sour cream blend) were amazing already.  The filled croissant was great, like Cali doughnut/bakery great.  My order was under $8, I appreciate the half sandwich option, so I can add a pastry and not have too much food.  I can't wait to try their french dip and other menu options!
5	Update to my last review-We came back with the kids and some friends. Lots of comments from other customers while in line about the menu being pricey. When we got our food though-DELICIOUS and large portions! Staff was much more friendly second time around. We will be back often because it's so close to the office!
2	DISAPPOINTED!!!!  I went here at 8:00 on a thursday night.  I ordered the turkey, avocado and bacon on focaccia , a cannoli, parmesan chips and water.  First of all, they were out of focaccia, so I had it on a baguette.  Then, when i got to the window, she told me they were out of cannoli so she offered me a mousse dome.  Then she came back and said they were out of that.  So I got a brownie.  The chips were stale.  Like they had been sitting out all day.  There was NO bacon on my sandwich, and the bread was tough tough tough.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt and maybe try once more, but for the price, it was definitely not worth it.One more thing...it is October 9, they were completely decorated for...CHRISTMAS!
2	No WiFi.  Not impressed with the salad that I had (Citrus Turkey).  All salads are pre-prepared so they're not fresh at all.  Lots of staff on break (3) and they take up 2 of the booths that customers would love to use.  LOTS of trash on the floor (a pet peeve of mine).I expected more, I suppose I set my hopes for a good bakery too high.
1	20 min and no food. Is it because I'm Mexican?? I could not eat my food with the people I came with. Also too many teenagers working here I had to hear one little girl complaining about how her ride had been there for 45 minutes and how she just wants to eat and get out of there and a teenage boy was sitting in his dirty uniform with a friend who had come to see him and they both had dumb smile on their faces staring at everyone like they knew something about the food we didn't.
5	I had no clue what Kneaders was until this location opened. Now, I am in love! They bake the bread fresh daily, from scratch. I had the Chicken A La Mondo Salad (incredible), the Sourdough bread, the Parmesan chips, and - are you ready? - Salted Caramel Cheesecake. Hoooly moly was that not the best dessert ever. Their coffee is really good too, but it's a little on the expensive side. I love the light shopping you can do inside too. And of course, there's a drive thru, which is awesome. They're always packed so they must be doing something right.
1	I had a bad feeling from when I walked in the door and saw that they were selling a $1500 Christmas tree.  Seriously? Are they expecting Bill Gates to walk in and be like, "Hey, I could really go for a reuben...and a Christmas tree." People don't go to a bakery to buy Christmas trees, just like they don't go to Home Depot for fine cuisine. Ridiculous. Anyways, on to the food. I've been there twice now and not impressed. The bread and cookies and desserts are good, but that's about it. Don't come here if you're hungry. I've never seen such a sad, paltry amount of meat on a sandwich in my life. There was literally a quarter inch on the sandwich. Maybe they're practicing rationing in expectation of the upcoming food shortage due to Ebola or something. We've had 4 sandwiches on 2 different days and they were all the same amount. My wife had the French dip and it was simply the Great Depression size serving of beef and a piece of cheese between bread.  Very underwhelming. We also tried the soup which was bland and definitely from a bag or can. Not homemade. For $8 a sandwich, there better be some meat on it. This place simply doesn't cut it and the crowds will die down once people experience this. If you're an anorexic hipster, this place is straight up your alley, however, if you're a normal human being who likes good value and amazing fresh made food, skip this place and go to Archie's deli instead. I guarantee you won't be disappointed and it's right down the street.
2	Been here twice, with my hubby and we both agree, here is our take.....the order took a very long time for the amount of people in the restaurant.  The breads for our sandwiches were good, nothing to brag about but good.  The ratio of meat to bread is a joke,  the desserts are a good size and we shared, they were good as well.  Here is my rub,  the prices are just  too high for this area.  I wasn't impressed with the decor, it appeared like they were trying to pull off a Cracker Barrel , sorry it's jut doesn't work for us.  I might try one more visit for a salad, but from the earlier comment I might not.  I wish them well, but I'd rather go where I'm seated and waited on for the money we paid.
1	This has to be one of the worst restaurants in Phoenix. from Gum popping, over make-uped girls, terrible service, a manger that could not care more. And "Yes" a $1500.00 Christmas tree. This restaurant is the perfect example of all show and no go. But in this case no substance what so ever. Now to continue the negitives......Small portions of meat on huge pieces of bread, empty containers, employees not having a clue what they are doing, and the soups have huge chunks of veggies.....My wife and I have been there twice and there will never be a 3rd. Also if they continue to continue to give bad service in this area. The adult community folks will spread the word and they will have cob webs growing with in a year.........One last few rants!! The ONLY saving grace are the parties which are really good. But the rest is just a mess and they should close this store until they get their stuff together....If you are looking for a great sandwich, soups and anything else. Paradise bakery just down the street does it right. And for even bigger and OUTSTANDING sandwiches with LOTS of meat head a little farther east to Archie's. Now before anyone gets all mad...I am NOT an ex employee or employee of any of these restaurants but my family and I know what we like and its NOT Kneaders....
5	Delicious!!!! I have had the turkey, bacon, avocado on Focaccia, the french dip on a baguette, the chicken Caesar salad, and a Razzleberry smoothie. I can't wait to try the breakfast and dessert items
3	I had the French dip which was very good. The au jus was plentifully and tasty. I've seen on other posts about the lack of meat, I don't like a foot of meat on my sandwich so I was fine with the amount that was on this one. The bread was great, held up to the dipping. The side salad was fresh, no complaints. The croissant with dark chocolate was great. Flaky crust that was buttery with just the right amount of chocolate was just right. My husband had the club with the collie-flower and cheese soup, he liked both. 50's music was fine. The items for sale are really just a pleasant way to decorate for the season. It is what it is, I was not expecting fine dining, it's a fine place for a quick meal. I'll go back.
4	We were there for lunch They were slammed. The line was out the door. I take that as a good sign. It's good enough that people are willing to stand in line. We had to wait a couple minutes for a table to open up. We were served in 7 minutes. I timed it. They seem to have got their act together. The service problems other reviewers complained about weren't there. Our sandwiches were as ordered and were tasty. I had one issue with the pastrami on rye that I ordered. The red onion was very strong and masked the flavor of the rest of the sandwich. Removing the onion fixed that. Are you listening, Kneaders?
1	I had no choice of zero stars, or that would have been the grade. Been there several times, and am waiting for why anyone would ever go there. As usual, long line, help absolutely uncourteous, then no tables to sit, finally found one with dirty plates etc, waited 10 minutes for someone to clean up. Probably should have known that food would be slow as well.Slow, 22 minutes from time of sitting down till it came, no sorry, I had to go and get it. I can see why cinnamon roll and breakfast sandwich would take that long, yikes. The food, breakfast roll had cold everything and still trying to figure out where the egg product came from, but it too was cold. Cinnamon bun was average at best. If you are looking for slow service, below average food, not done food, this is your place...and at a high price tag.
1	I have been here twice and both times very disappointing. The first time was for lunch dining in on a Saturday. The service was ridiculously slow, they served my food to the wrong person, that person touched the food, and then they served it to me. The food was bland. The tables were all dirty, they have as many possible tables to cover every inch of that place and when they were emptying the trash, it was disgusting because of how close people were having to sit to that. Today I went through the drive thru, there weren't any other vehicles in front of me or behind me. As the girl stood at the register laughing, I had to wait 15 minutes for a dessert and a drink. That was uncalled for having to wait so long for those two items. Horrible service and not worth the money. I probably won't be returning and I will also tell others that they would be better off going to Paradise Bakery if they want that type of food.
1	Well, been to Kneaders a handful of times since this location opened. GREAT food, terrible service. Today while in drive- I was greeted by a rude employee- not a friendly voice. When I got to the window, I sat there for 4 minutes until someone came to the window and gave me my total... Not even a hello, good morning or apology about the wait!!!! I then had to wait another 2 minutes for my drink and daughters kids meal. I was told there was a straw for her drink in the bag, when I asked... Only to realize when I left, Nope no straw! I also ordered a cinnamon roll and I didn't get it! Wow- not a good experience at all!!!!!
1	I was so excited for this location. The first time I came here, I was immediately pleased by the warm, pleasant and cozy atmosphere. Their servers were nice, but they messed up my order. They messed up two different times, with two different people. My huge order that was this confusing? A brownie. Luckily, their manager was able to fix it and actually give me the brownie that I ordered. Wonderful. I also decided to order a cup of their turkey dumpling soup, which I couldn't enjoy. Why? The turkey and dumpling soup Kneader's offers is a soup with a couple pieces of turkey and a half a biscuit in it. I was as confused as you are. Today, I decided to give it another chance and order a salad. Impossible to screw up, right? That's what I thought too. So, when I pulled up to the drive thru and the kind woman told me to go ahead and look at the menu and that'd she be with me in a minute I didn't mind much. I waited about five minutes before she finally got back to me and ordered their chicken raspberry nut salad. I get to the window, pay, and wait. And wait. And wait. And wait. To give you an idea of how long I waited: the same girl that took my order and that I paid with, opened the window and asked me if I had been helped yet about ten minutes later. Another five or so minutes go by and I finally get my food. Did I mention that I was the only car there? No one behind or in front of me. This is the last time I will ever go to Kneader's. Besides the horrendous first visit and long wait on my second, the actual salad was the last straw. The "chicken raspberry nut salad" promised spinach, chicken, fresh berries, feta, candied walnuts, and onions (I ordered without onions). There were no berries and two walnuts. Seriously. I then opened the dressing and as you can see in the picture it's almost laughable. There's been some pretty bad places in surprise, but Kneader's is near the top of the list. The prices don't help much either. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Even Paradise Bakery is better than this place.
5	Amazingly fresh, friendly, and clean!  Sophia Stucki took extremely good care of us. She knew everything on the menu and explained to us patiently. The ambiance was extremely nice. We are excited that they have moved in the Surprise area!
5	Very clean, great food! Loved the order online option! Order online before I left the house and then picked it up through  the drive up window. Very fast that way, no wait!
3	Fresh breads and desserts to go were very good. The sandwiches we had were skimpy and very disappointing and with one cashier we had to wait for fifteen minutes to place an order. We heard the buzz and tried it out, I don't think we'll be going back.
1	After having a decent breakfast at another location last year I decided to drive up from Buckeye(1/2 hour) on Monday (12/01/14). Waited in line for a few and when it got to be my turn the gal behind the counter immediately said we are not serving breakfast.  I said why not. She said it is past 11. I said what time is it now? She said 11:03. I had already been waiting in line.
5	Really enjoyed the breakfast sandwich and the ice tea. Overall the price was worth it and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I would definitely come back and try the all you can eat French Toast.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We will never go back. They couldn't get our order right again. When I told them about it they wouldn't do anything about. We are done. Been there 3 times now and all 3 times has been bad. To have a good successful business you MUST have good customer service with smiling faces. You sure don't see that there.
