4	I always take my car to this location for most of my services, and its never been consistent with its staff. For most of my visits, the experience is ok and done in a timely fashion. I have to say that I have only had one negative experience there, but thankfully, that guy no longer works there! And now with the manager Kevin they have and what seems like his own staff, my latest experience was great! Kevin was friendly, upbeat, was not annoyed by all of my questions and answered them and then some! I def would recommend anyone to go in and ask for Kevin or anyone on his staff and they won't be sorry!!
4	I LOVE BIG O TIRES!!! They saved our butt when we were in Vegas and got our tires slashed.  We needed tires on a Sunday and we needed them quickly, and Big O was great.  They fixed our car quickly, and were super nice about it.  If it weren't for them, we would have been stuck for a few days until a smaller tire company could order our tires.
1	I bought a Porsche in Las Vegas in December 2012. I flew into Las Vegas on Saturday and picked up the car to drive back to my home in Northern California. The seller recommended buying new front tires for the trip, so I found this Big O Tires service center was open on the following Sunday. Sunday morning I took the car to Big O to get new tires. They were very helpful and prompt. I noticed that the tire guys were debating how to lift the car, but I wasn't concerned, since I had good experiences in my hometown with a Big O franchise.I got the tires mounted and balanced and went on my way. I drove back to my home in Northern CA and parked the car in my garage. I kept the car in the garage for several weeks during the holidays. One morning I went to the garage and looked over the car and noticed there was damage to the lower fenders and rocker panels on the driver's side. I looked at the passenger side and there was damage as well. Though not as much. The damage was obvious to me as being from the car being improperly lifted at the lift points without proper clearance from the fenders/rockers.I notified the Big O service center and the "regional manager" got back to me. He said that I should take the car to my local Big O so they could inspect the damage and take photos. I did so. He then said that I should get repair estimates for the damage and send the estimates to him. I got two estimates and sent them to him. BTW, both places I got estimates from immediately recognized the damage was from improper lifting.The Big O regional manager did not contact me for several weeks. Finally, I emailed him asking for an update.The regional manager said that based on his investigation, THE DAMAGE WAS ON MY VEHICLE BEFORE IT WAS SERVICED BY HIS STORE!!!.I WAS SHOCKED.I couldn't believe that Big O would claim that damage was already there.I, unfortunately, may have no alternative but to file a claim in small claims court. I can't believe these guys would not admit they damaged my car.If you use this facility, make sure you check your car for damage before you leave their store.
1	Will never take my car back in there... They charged for services that were not done a few months ago, as I took my car to the Mercedes dealership right after leaving their store and the dealership mechanic was able to show me what they lied to me.Today I only needed an oil/filter change and tire rotation. I asked them before leaving the store if they were sure tires were rotated. They said yes but that IS A LIE, as I still see a nail on the rear tire, as it was before, same spot. Tire rotation is nothing major but that just goes to show that they don't give a damn about being truthful to the customer. Not very smart losing a customer for future jobs over easy things to be done, like a tire rotation.
5	These guys are awesome! I came in because my tire kept losing tons of weight daily but wasn't flat. They found it was just the tube into the tire that needed replacing and they gave it to me free! I'd be happy to pay them!
5	My husband and I recently drove from San Diego to Las Vegas for a long weekend.  We discovered that one of our tires had low pressure on Saturday.  We went to this Big O Tires because it was the closest tire repair shop to our hotel.  So glad we did.  We drove up around 2 on a Saturday afternoon and the place wasn't busy.  We were serviced immediately.  After discovering a huge nail in the tire, they plugged in in 10 minutes.  The manager did not charge us for the repair, even though we've never bought tires from Big O.  We drove home safely through the desert with no problems.  This is a great spot for quick and competent service!
1	Tried to charge me $47 to fix a flat after I spent 10 minutes giving them all my info....I asked why so much and the manager tells me that is the price...Really? Usually $20 is standard...I went 4 blocks away to Discount Tire where they fixed it for free....
