2	Service was terrible.  Food was okay.  I will not be back...
3	Let's be honest. TGI Friday's is TGI Friday's. You shouldn't come here expecting great service or great food. It's a place you dive into when you're hungry and wanting to sit somewhere. It might also be after a long night of flying back from Aruba. It was next to our hotel & it was late. The food wasn't horrible but nothing to write home about. Don't come if you're going to complain you weren't served great food. They never claim to be a gourmet restaurant.
4	I have lots of different comfort foods. But restaurants where pieces of flair are a fashion statement are always a comfort food gold mine. Maybe it's because I grew up on Applebee's?Nonetheless, I like this TGI Friday's better than most others. The food is just what you'd expect from any other joint in the same franchise. My personal favorites are the wedge salad (or as my friends and I call it "the iceberg salad you have to prep yourself") and the Jack Daniels dishes. I actually have occasional cravings just for that. The only "downside" at this location is the quirky mix of staff. But just see for yourself on that.
4	I had a chance to go to this particular Friday's after returning some Christmas gifts at Northlake Mall recently.  If you've every been to a Friday's, you know what your getting and I can skip the customary descriptions of the interior and the menu - its a Friday's with everything you would expect a Friday's to be and have.  I know most people don't usually think of Friday's as a place where you can get a good steak, but I do.  In fact I usually order some sort of steak entree when I go to Fridays, and this time was no different.  I ordered the flat iron steak with the veggie medley and the parmesan and garlic potato wedges as my two sides.  My steak was cooked to my specifications. I ordered it medium-rare and it arrived to my liking - juicy, tender and NOT over-cooked (see pics).  The veggies were just so-so, and in hindsight, I wish I would've ordered a different side item.  The potato wedges were great and I recommend them over the standard french-fries you might normally order.  My gf ordered the endless soup and salad (found only on the lunch menu I believe) and was more than satisfied with her decision.  The Caesar Salad was, well, a Cesar Salad, with the standard tomatoes and parmesan cheese (see pics).  The chicken tortilla soup she ordered was very tasty, as I sampled some of it myself.  I was pleasantly surprised with the cheese that added a nice texture that you don't normally find with most standard soups.  I've been here at least three-four times and have found this particular Friday's to offer a clean and friendly environment.  There is also plenty of parking which can't be said for the rest of Northlake Mall.  The only drawback, is that it can be difficult to get out of the parking lot and back onto Harris Blvd., but that is due to the poor design of the mall itself.  If you find yourself tired or hungry after a day of shopping and fighting crowds at Northlake Mall, this particular Friday's is definitely a quality, fair-priced option.
4	Was shopping at NL.  Decided to have dinner there.  They had a great deal pick 2 items for only $10.  I chose the pear seared pot-stickers. love my dumplings!  For my entree I ordered the bruschetta chicken pasta.  One the best bargain budget meal I had. Service was EXCELLENT !  You can't ask for anymore good meal, great value and very good service.    Great Job ! TGI Friday's at Northlake location.
4	After the movies, we decided to stop in for lunch and I was very impressed with the food and service at this location. The hostess was so adorable! She welcomed us in, immediately walked us to our table and then said she hoped we enjoyed our visit and our waitress would be over soon. It is so refreshing to have nice host and hostesses when you walk into a restaurant. In my opinion it sets the tone for the visit. Our waitress came over right after and took our drink orders, I tried the blue raspberry lemonade. They are made with a mix and shaved ice...a little pricey at just over $3 but they are unlimited so enjoy as many as you can! I loved it...very refreshing and light and had a very unique taste! For the meal I opted for the Pick 2 for $10. I had the fried mozzarella and Friday's shrimp. The fried mozzarella came out hot and crispy, the cheese melted after each bite and it was a lot in the basket! I was very impressed!The shrimp were delicious again they came out hot and it was a full order, so the shrimp covered the fries....I always ask for  a side of that yummy Jack Daniels sauce on the side...which were a great compliment for the shrimp. Our service was great from the moment we walked in the door and the food was hot and prepared just as ordered. In my opinion, this was an excellent visit and I look forward to coming back!
5	Okay, this place has been a god send for me more than once. I have ended up on a late flight into Charlotte, and this place is open late and is a stones throw away from the Drury. I have had beer, burgers, wings, and all sorts of other things here and have never had anything that I didn't like. Service is always friendly and the tables have always been clean. I will be stopping here again.
4	Great food and fast friendly service. They have drastically changed the image of the concept and food is completely different from before.  Great change. Well selection of drink specials and variety.
1	The hostess yawned about 5 times while taking our name and on our way back from the restroom while waiting to be seated, I saw at least 8 tables open and no one getting seated. Not a good start so we left and went elsewhere.
2	Don't go on a weekday.  The food took a long time to come out even though they weren't very busy. It took almost 15 minutes just to receive a beer that was ordered before the food.  Meal was lukewarm and completely unseasoned.  They sang happy bday to my husband then charged for the ice cream.  This was sad.  I still tipped the waitress.  She tried to be attentive even though without food to serve it was awkward at times.
1	The food was very mediocre and my burger was on a soggy bun. There is no way that burger and handful if fries was worth ten dollars. Thomas, our server was very rude and tried to rush us out the entire time. He asked us in mid bite while we were still eating if we were going to be ordering anything else and then brought the bill while we were still not finished. I will never come back to this establishment. It's ridiculous when chains like these try to change their menu to higher priced food, that is not as good as the "bar food" they used to offer and top it off with bad service. Two thumbs down, Thomas. Two. thumbs. down.
1	"F" terrible! My wife got sick on a piece of chicken. The waitress "I think she said she was from Buffallo" completely abandoned our table. I mean disappeared. I stood at the bar for no less than fifteen minutes trying to get someone's attention but just got the backs of their heads. So I had to get my wife outside, she was getting sick, then I was going to go back in and try again to pay the check, and we hadn't made it to the car when a cop comes out of no where and rudely started accusing us of skipping out on the bill and made a rude comment about my poor wife being drunk. She doesn't drink. The story didn't get better when I dealt with the blonde headed manager who had been ignoring me at the bar. Being mean doesn't make you less ignorant. Bottom line, poison food, angry wait staff, possible illegal collusion. It was like being set up by a bunch of crack heads.
4	$10 all you can eat app's. What more is there to say. Service was spot on. Food was fair. I had the Norwegian salmon with lobster. Very, Very good. The filet could have been a little bigger. But was very tasty.
2	We as in my husband and I and two of our teenage kids decided to try the $10 endless appetizers here last night.  Huge mistake!!  We arrived probably by 6pm and sat down in the bar area.  Not to crowded and no wait yet.  Our waitress greeted us and told us about drink specials and my husband and I got a Long Island Iced Tea on special for $4 bucks.  It looked nice but tasted like mixer only.........no alcohol in either.  Waitress took both and returned with new drinks and they were better but still not close to tasting like a traditional LIIT.  So we settled on ordering the endless apps and ordered the boneless chicken wings, spinach dip with chips and the Spicy Siracha potato skins.  The spinach dip was hot and delish but the chips that came with it were hard like they were stale.  We ordered the hot, bbq and Jack Daniels flavored wings.  The bbq ones were terribly overcooked and hard.  Flavor was good but you may break a tooth!  Jack Daniels ones were better but still not fantastic.  Im assuming the hot ones were good............I didn't try those but our 14 yr old son inhaled them pretty quickly.  The spicy chicken Siracha potato skins were ok but not a lot of flavor.  I was expecting a spicy flavorful bite and they just tasted kind of bland.  They looked good as in presentation but were just ok.  I gave this place 2 stars mainly because our waitress was nice and knowledgeable about the food/drinks and the spinach dip was warm and good.  If you feel like dropping 50+ dollars on apps and 2 crappy drinks then this is the place to go!!
1	My review is for the $10 all you can eat apps.  Terrible and nasty.  Over cooked and served cold.  Nasty.  I will not go back for that "special".  The TV commercial makes it look so wonderful.  It is too bad that I cannot rate our server, she was a 5++++.  Can't blame her for crappy food though.
1	We waited an hour to be seated. The excuse was we needed a highchair. Tow families needing a high chair came in after us and were seated instantly. I received attitude when asking about the reason my family was stilling waiting. I will not go back to this location.
3	Dinner with family. Good for people with kids, as it was loud. Three stars for the menu. I wish there were more veggie choices. Typical chain. I'd go again, if need be. Service was good. Food took a long time to come out.
