4	Great little shop and cafe. They do scrumptious toasted marshmallow milkshakes,just choose the  flavour youd like!. They  have beer marshmallows too! Nice for gifts too & not expensive.
5	Point the first: the shop is a working shop devoted to marshmallows and also stocking the finest in local artisan confectionery (Pinnies & Poppyseeds shortcake, Edward & Irwyn chocolate) - no longer any cafe element to it. Kitchen visible. Packaging stacked neatly on the shelves. Icing sugar tramped charmingly from till to window over the otherwise pristine shop floor.Point the second: it's vintage and cutesy without being kitsch or saccharine. The colours are very slightly brighter and more vibrant than the oh-so-trendy macaron/candyfloss shades you're seeing everywhere at the moment.Point the third: They have a framed picture of Mr StayPuft.Point the fourth: Sean, aka Mr Toontrait, the chirpy fun chappy who served me, seemed to be 100% in love with the shop and I could have stuck around chatting about marshmallows and his illustrations (he did the logo) for hours.Point the fifth: those marshmallows though. UNFFFFF. Uh. May. ZING.
5	I confess; I haven't visited the Marshmallow Lady. But I just had to write a review because I have tried her wonderful, dreamy sugar-puffs of heaven. All those other marshmallows you've had...Those aren't marshmallows! THESE are marshmallows. Believe me, you're going to want to buy packs for all your sweet-toothed friends just to see their faces when they taste these perfect light and fluffy squares and take a one-way ticket to sweet, sweet mallow heaven. Thank you to Brown & Co delicatessen in Bridge of Allan for stocking such a delicious  product. Of course, I want to share the joy of these sweet heaven-sent bouncy mallow-pillows with everyone. But I also want to keep them all to myself. Such is the yum of the Marshmallow Lady's produce, and what a predicament to be in!I want to try all the flavours and I want to visit the fine Lady herself. Marshmallow Lady, I commend you. Keep working your mallow-magic and I'll forever be a fan!
