5	A rare find in Anthem is dinning that is not Pizza, Wings or Subs.  Chef Brian Ford brings the cure for what ails Anthem dinning.  Although it sets on the corner of a Signature Fry's strip center, it is a find.  The food is good, the atmosphere matches the cuisine and best of all they take reservations.  May I recommend that you do make one.  As the word on Madelyn's gets out, I suspect they will only get busier.  What makes Madelyn's unique?  Try rolling a wine bar, bar and upscale dinning into one small corner restaurant.   They also feature a live jazz band on select weekends.  I am anxious to give that a try as well.On our evenings menu we shared the Cajun Fondue pot...yum, I had the wedge salad while Ipod Kenny had the Madelyn burger...yes, I know a burger....but it was great!!   After the fondue, eating a larger meal just was not possible, but the options looked great.  The Salmon and the Peppered Beef tenderloins served at a nearby table looked fabulous.  YES, we did peer onto other tables with envy!!!Another unique aspect of M's is the $20 bottle of wine.  Really a nice option!  I am ready to return and explore my way through more of this well planned menu.
4	A real food value and good, reasonably priced wines as well.Try the flat iron steak or the burger or, or, or, everything is good.service can be spotty but don't let that put you off.see the website for a preview http://www.madelynsrestaurant.com/the menu changes seasonally for freshness.  Trust me, you will like this one.
4	Madelyn's closed during the holidays of '08 for a "family emergency" and never reopened at the start of this year.  I'm really going to miss the happy hour specials, mac n cheese, pumpkintinis and James, the awesome bartender. It's for sale on Craigslist if anyone is interested in reviving one of the few (if not only) gems in Anthem!
1	This is closed, sadly.  Chef Ford had a really great little place here with a unique menu, and a nice atmosphere.  The chatter about the close has nothing to do with the level of business, rather financing issues.   The place that replaced it (Meridian) is also now closed.  I think they set a record of being open a month.  chatter on that one was legal troubles.
