5	The selection is outstanding, great customer service love the vibe and the location epic if your going to be in Vegas stop by and see for yourself and enjoy
4	This new swanky ice cream shop has some unique flavors. You can feel the quality on your tongue, too.Combining this with Sambalatte sets the tone toward the pedestrian feel for The Park, which is set to open in 2016. This movement on the strip suggests that the general perception of Las Vegas is maturing. Their seating outside is great for people watching, even at night. It's always good to have more options for the non-alcohol drinking crowd.
3	The ice cream we settled on was good...but some of the flavors were so strong and did not taste very good at all. So get lots of samples.
3	The husband and I walked clear across the strip to try this ice cream place (in the heat, mind you)... why, you may ask. I wanted bacon ice cream! Well... we got there and they were out of bacon ice cream...noooo! We tried a few other flavors - lemon cheesecake, pb & j, and coconut... coconut was not good, not flavorful... the pb& j was overly peanut butter -y, the cheesecake was good tasting, but too rich.... I honestly didn't want to get any of the flavors but felt that I should since we had taken samples. Sigh. Got the cheesecake and ate half of the scoop between two of us... I don't know that I would be back. PS - it sounds like they are based on the idea of having fun flavors, but the day we were there the flavors were all pretty typical and hum drum.
4	Everything in here is eye-candy: from the chairs and knick-knacks to the milk bottles and desserts! The interior is adorable and they've got some funky flavors! Not a huge fan of the Watermelon Jalapeno (it tastes exactly what it sounds like), but I am a fan of Apple Pie and Lemon Cheesecake! It's pricey, but that's expected from pretty much any eatery on the Strip. It's location is pretty cool; there's outdoor seating and live music. If you're in the area, it's a decent place to grab dessert and cool off!
5	Wow, we freaking loved this place!The workers were so knowledgeable and let us try a bunch of different gelatos. They recommended so many, but it was very hard to decide!They make it in-house daily, and you can really tell when you taste the gelato. Can't wait to go back this July!
5	I LOVE THE SIX DEGREES OF KEVIN BACON ICE CREAM. It's maple-flavored with bacon bits, definitely a unique flavor. There's a lot of unique flavors here, indeed, such as Merlot and Prosecco (bubbly) for the 21+. My bestie and I LOVED the Merlot and wine usually gets us soooo tipsy, but this was amazing!!!!If you're playing the MYVEGAS slots game on Facebook/iPhone, you can win a free topping here. Well, that's probably not the best deal, but just saying.
3	Stopped in at the BLVD Creamery on our way back to our hotel room as we saw it advertised everywhere throughout Monte Carlo. My overall take; cute place, bright and fun looking, but substance was underwhelming.I got a forgettable toffee ice-cream and my beau got the grape ice-cream and a bottle of cocoa pebbles milk. The flavours weren't stellar, there was only a small selection to choose from and they were either too ridiculous to enjoy a whole cone (6 degrees of Kevin Bacon) or too subtle to really stand out.The ice-cream lacked creaminess. Over crystallization made the ice-cream less enjoyable. Nothing was bad, per se, just nothing stood out as particularly special.
2	Save your money and visit sprinkles for ice cream .This place was pretty bad, it was eye candy and I was drawn in I was excited to see I could build my own ice cream sandwich just like at sprinkles . I was first disappointed by the service I felt rushed and the girl seemed a little annoyed . The second and biggest letdown was the cookies , dry store bought flavored . A crunchy cookie doesn't make a good ice cream sandwich . I took a few bites and tossed it . I am in Vegas 8-12 times a year and we stay at the Monte Carlo a lot but I think I will stick with other options that don't disappoint .
4	The new boulevard of restaurants (and soon stores) along the outside of the Monte Carlo is breathing life back into a casino forgotten by many. The BLVD Creamery is one of those new eateries that shouldn't be missed. With an impressive selection of sweets you're bound to spend a pretty penny. Ice creams and sorbets are made locally and offer a mix of traditional flavors and those that are more adventurous. For those over 21, you can try the suds sorbet. The hoppyness and bitterness for the Shock Top beer is evident and while it may not be to everyone's liking, it's a unique and refreshing treat. The choco loco is made from 62% cocoa, providing a balanced amount of bitter and sweet chocolate. Excellent for kids or adults. Aside from the frozen treats, I tried a decent vanilla macaron with subtle sweetness inside a crispy exterior. The chocolate chunk cookie -- the size of an adult hand and about half an inch thick -- offered so much potential but was unfortunately too dry and hard. I can only imagine how delicious it could be fresh out of the oven.
3	My first time having alcoholic ice cream!This place recently opened up right outside of Monte Carlo(it is known to be part of the Monte Carlo). It was around $16 dollars for the "flight." Haha yes it's cool cause you get to have it like when you are beer tasting and have it in 4 cups. The other awesome part is that they give you ice creams in shot glasses kind of cups to make it even cooler. Most of the alcoholic ice cream were pretty good(from red wine, to beer ice creams). I can't really tell you the flavors because they weren't given name) but I like the red wine and the two fruit flavor alcohol ice creams. I didn't like any of the beer ice creams. It's a bit expensive for small scoops(it's in the shot glasses so you kinda know it be small). There are other desserts in the stores and I did wanted to try the other non-alcoholic ice creams but they all look like gelatos/sorbets so it kinda turned me off. They had ice cream cookies and such. It's a pretty cool place to go to though especially since they have alcoholic ice cream which is unique to find(at least for me).
5	Wayne took good care and informed of all variety and provided as many samples as wanted ... Good tasting ice cream
5	WHOA!!!! WHAT IS THIS PLACE!?! Located on street level at the Monte Carlo, this ice cream shop is great for families, dates, or a quick visit to get something refreshing. The minute I entered, it was a complete sensory overload!!! Literally. My scents and vision were going crazy. I was happily overwhelmed (is that even possible?) with the sweet smell and the visions of cuteness all around.There's cupcakes, cookies, pastries, shakes, cute furry stuffed animal cows, cups, ice cream of ALL different flavors possible. I think I saw some candy as well. And...I read there's flavored milk!?!?!? Oh my goodness....if I was a bigger fan of milk, I would totally try some strawberry milk!Single scoop ice cream in a cup was $4.00. There were a lot of old favorites + new interesting flavors to try. My man got pistachio flavored while I ended up getting grape flavored ice cream. I know, right? WTF!? Grape flavored!?! Doesn't sound the greatest but I don't know...the color intrigued me more...plus the flavor was delicious!! (see pic attached.)Also, around the check out area, there were novelty/knick-knack items that caught my attention. Bubble blowers in the shape of ice cream cones!? Plus they had green and pink ones. Okay...sold! Give me both of them please!!!!! It's kinda cute my guy understands me and he knows I couldn't choose between the green OR the pink one so he was like what the hell....I'll just get you both!!!! =) Ohhhh he's the best!!!
4	First off, I want to say that the staff was friendly for my first visit and for the following 2-3 visits (had to keep coming back to see if the cereal milk was in stock.) The ice cream was good, I wish I had the chance to try their alcoholic ice cream though. Take ADVANTAGE of their $1.00 cupcakes and cookies sale, I believe it happens during their final hours before closing, just ask. The cupcakes and cookies are good. I enjoyed their waffle cones for $1.00 more although, the ice cream will drip through the cone at the bottom.When I had their fruit loop flavor cereal milk however, I was a bit dissappointed, I don't believe it was chilled much yet because they had just brought them in from the kitchen.
5	This was such a fun place to visit while on vacation. There was short wait, but once we got up to order I understood why. They will let you sample as many flavors as you like without feeling like you HAVE to make a decision. The lovely girl waiting on us informed us that each flavor is made daily by the chefs. It makes you appreciate each flavor even more. I was a fan of the plastic cups the ice cream came in too. So much has gone into making this a great experience. It's a wonderful place, and I look forward to going back.
3	I'm going to be honest; I only come here because I work nearby. So I simply walk right on over during my break when I'm craving some ice cream. Otherwise, I probably wouldn't.I haven't tried anything else except for their ice cream. They often have new flavors they try out so it's cool to see that they're being innovative -- not that they are any good, imo.There's a few that are decent enough that you'd want to have (depending on your craving of the day) like hazelnut or tiramisu but not a knockout or anything.I don't usually get sorbet but their mango sorbet is actually pretty tasty. Not too sweet either and when it's this hot out in vegas, it feels refreshing and tastes delish.All in all, ask for sample tastings of their ice cream before you get any. It's about $4 for one scoop in a cup so make sure you like what you're getting.
1	Ordered their flavor of the week smores. Extremely strong dark chocolate taste overpowered any other flavor. No Graham cracker in the icecream. Almost threw away the cone. Cold stone is way better.
4	I was so excited to find this at Monte Carlo. I had a chocolate waffle cone with peanut butter and jelly and cookie ice cream (Oreos, choc chip and oatmeal). It was excellent (and I eat a lot of ice cream). I had a chocolate covered banana the next day which wasn't as good.
4	The ice cream was really good. I had apple pie and it had delicious chunks of cinnamon apple that weren't hard and the perfect texture. I would stay far away from the cupcakes though. The icing tastes like chemicals and it's crunchy. I got red velvet and it literally tasted like nothing. Was hard and chewy at the same time. Pass on the cupcakes, don't make them tempt you!! We also got to taste the pb&j ice cream and it tasted like peanut butter. It was very good. Very interesting combos of ice cream too, which I like.
4	I was so happy to check this place out with my boyfriend. We had a ball trying all of the interesting but delicious flavors.  The guy who assisted us was so helpful, allowing us to try everything that caught our eyes.  He was great at explaining the different flavors as well.  Of course, I settled in with a classic flavor rather than an extreme one, but I'm glad I got to try them, because I can always go back for more!  This is a great addition to the Strip!
3	**Located in front of Monte Carlo Casino, this cute little ice cream shop serves up unique scoops, ice cream sandwiches, creamsicles, macarons, cupcakes, and almost everything else to satisfy your sweet tooth. Prices are high, a scoop or creamsicle will run around $4-5. They also have alcoholic sorbets.**I visited this place a few weeks ago when they just opened. I was intrigued by their alcoholic sorbets, so naturally I tried the Cabernet Sauvignon. It was okay, it tasted a lot like grape sorbet, couldn't really taste the alcohol, so I passed. Instead I got the Watermelon Jalapeno sorbet, which was light, refreshing and had a slight jalapeno kick at the end. It comes in the most adorable little cup and spoon. I also got a creamsicle that was strawberry ice cream inside and red velvet cake coating outside. It was good. There's also an abundance of cookies, candies and cupcakes which I didn't get to try. I thought the treats were good and made with quality ingredients. But I doubt I'll come here again because of the price and lack of access, unless I was already on the Strip. If I do come back, I want to try their flavored milk and their flight of beer sorbets. Sounds cool!
4	My sister and I decided to share some ice cream while our mom and brother were swimming. We were able to try some different flavors but we ended up getting the 3 scoop sundae: dulce de leche, horchata rum, and birthday cake. PROS:-Customer service was outstanding, the girl was really nice and recommended some flavors to us. CONS:-the ice cream was a little melted and too soft for my taste. All in all we paid around $11 including tax for the three scoop sundae. Was it worth it? Probably not but how often can I get rum flavored ice cream here in Vegas? Plus Vegas prices are off the charts, yes? It was a good experience and the Ice cream was good. But will I be back? Probably not. It was one of those eh, I tried it kind of deals. It was good but not that good to be back.
4	This place's ice cream is awesome! I loved the orange. It was really tasty. They have a bunch of flavors that you can try and the workers are super friendly. My boyfriend got a scoop of raspberry ice cream in a red velvet cone, but when the guy was squeezing the ice cream scooper in his right hand, he had difficulty getting it out and squeezed the cone super hard he cracked it. When we were outside my boyfriend was struggling and he made a mess! He tried to go back in and get a cup but they wouldn't open the doors for him since they just closed. You would think they would open it though since he just bought something. Weird. But overall, the four stars goes to the quality of the ice cream.
4	I've only had the alcoholic ice cream here (go big in Vegas, right?) and I've liked all of them. Ranging from beers to prosecco to wine, the ice cream is all very flavorful and true to the drink. My favorites are the cabernet ice cream and the prosecco. A single scoop is $4 but it's a huge scoop that you can easily share with someone else. We also tried the ice cream flight ($16) another time which was not worth the price. It's much better to stick to just one scoop than sample four tiny scoops for much more $. Beware that the line can move very slowly...
5	Great customer service, yummy ice cream, and good prices! The employees were all very pleasant and helpful and patient with me wanting to try a few different flavors and ask about the cookies. Get an ice cream cookie sandwich, you won't be disappointed. If you decide to eat it outside, be prepared for the eyes of every passerby to be on your ice cream, though! ;)
5	Ordered the Salted Carmel in a waffle cone, it was the best ice cream I have had in a really long time.  They have such a variety of flavors.  Well worth it.
3	Decided to try this place out for a quick scoop of ice cream after walking around the Strip and because we got a coupon (which I didn't have with me when we went).  This place advertises that all of their ice cream is made daily on-site and I don't doubt that claim as the ice cream was pretty good, though honestly not the best ice cream I've ever had.  Considering it is Vegas and this place looks out on The Strip, of course it's going to be a bit pricier than any other ice cream shop and this place is no different with single scoops being $4 each and toppings fetching another $1 per...would I come back here next time I'm in Vegas?  Probably so, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do it.
4	You can never go wrong with ice cream. If you dont look 21 they will check your ID to buy or even try the alcoholic ice creams here. Its vegas-- of course theres alcoholic Ice Cream.The Flight: ( comes with 4 flavors of choice )- Pistachio : Light and delicious. Wven came with bits of pistachio inside the ice cream which gave it a kick of flavor.- Horchata w/ Rum : They check your ID for this but its delicious. Light-- you can barely smell or taste the rum but it was very good and smooth.- Birthday Cake : This tasted like a birthday cake but nothing too special about this cup of ice cream. Not to crazy about it so not really a recommended flavor to get but always good to try!- Tiramisu : This actually tasted like I was having a very soft creamy tiramisu cake. So delicious!! I recommend getting the flight if you want to try different flavors but i have to say it wasn't worth $12 ?? I think it was?? For the tiny cups of four. If you don't eat too much the flight is perfect doe you. Otherwise better to just sample themAnd buy an actual cup of one or two scoops :)
5	Great creamery and decent price.  I got one scoop of smores ice cream and it was a generous scoop, very creamy, and delicious.  I would definitely go back again.
4	Yum yum and yum! Everything you'd expect from a creamery. Ice creams, gelato, shakes, and other funny souvenirs. Outdoor seating is nice.
5	So many fun flavors! I loved the Horchata & salted caramel. Their sitting area was also very pretty & plenty of seats available.
1	The costumer service leaves something to be desired. Was not able to try the ice cream due to the lack of service. I would not spend my money here based on how the treat their consumer.
3	We were walking along the strip in Las Vegas this past Thanksgiving week when I came across BLVD Creamery.  I'm a sucker for ice cream so I was super excited and just had to stop here and give it a try.I ordered their ice cream sandwich (vanilla ice cream squished between 2 large chocolate chip cookies) and it looked really good.  The store was super packed so I ended up snacking on my order outside and just absorbed the sights and sounds around me.  Unfortunately I was a bit disappointed...the cookies were rock hard to the point where they just crumbled every time I tried to bite through my ice cream sandwich.  I ended up just eating the middle part of the ice cream and throwing the rest away.  Unless I was really craving for some ice cream I probably wouldn't return here.
5	Got the double scoop. Coffee and peanut butter. Love it! Wifey recommends the coffee flavor one.
5	I've had ice cream 3 times since I got here 5 days ago. I have thrown ALL of them away. Except this one. I'm a purist, so vanilla it is. Super creamy. Texture was spot on. Flavor was pure and not too sweet. Best part? The staff are quite possibly the friendliest I have ever encountered. Anywhere. Boom. Go for the ice cream. Tip for the service. Enjoy.
