5	Loves this place, went there for lunch after class and had their lunch special which was a gryo pita with a drink. Their gyro was on point, moist and sliced with perfection. Their protions are huge that i couldn't even finish it. This place is great for families. Very open and very friendly.
4	I had actually never had Greek food before I moved to Arizona in 2006.  Since then, I have fallen in love.Typically, I eat at Athenian Express in downtown Phoenix, as it is near where I work and I go with coworkers.  This last week, I wanted to get my wife to try Greek, so I took her here with the kids.I like Athenian, and this place is better!  The meat is piled on the Gyro, and the fries are great.  Feta is an add-on for $.50, but well worth it.  Overall, you just can't go wrong!  Plus, as an appetizer, they have a pot of soup sitting there for you to help yourself too while you wait for your food to get done.  For free!The only negative we had was my son had the spaghetti, and he didn't really like it.  It didn't have any sauce like normal Italian-style spaghetti, and it had a cinnamon flavor to the meat.  I don't know if this is a traditional Greek thing.  I thought it was still pretty good, but he didn't like it.
5	I used to be a pizza, taco, and burger kind of guy.  Now I'm a gyro guy.  I've had gyros before, but wow!  These gyros are freakin' delicious!  I plan to take my wife there, and she better like it, or else I'm finding a wife who will. Seriously folks, this is great food.  I can't wait to try some of their other dishes.
4	My brother and I decided to go try Greek Gyro Express for lunch today. Went in and they were a little busy. We walked to the counter, they do not have a menu posted on the wall, just pics only a few selections. I found the to go menu on the counter, so pick it up found a few more selections. As we were deciding the order, the owner (I think) came out with a few samples of the gyro meat and told us to try. WOW, it is was good... Very good! I ordered the chicken pita meal (chicken gyro with onions, tomatoes, and Tzatziki; included Greek fries and a drink). My brother ordered the combo two meat plate (gyro, chicken, salad, tomatoes, onion and a drink). As we sat, the owner came out and told us to try the complementary soup (lemon, chicken and rice). I got two small bowls so we could try it. You know what? It was pretty good. I likie! The good came out looking just like the pictures on the wall. My chicken pita was very tasty and the Greek fries (fries with feta cheese) good. Everything was very good. My brothers plate looked good too. He inhaled it, so I am assuming he liked it. =) Next time, I think I might try the gyro pita.
5	My husband and I decided to check it out, we've seen the signs a million times.  We went for an early lunch, so it wasn't too busy.  This isn't your typical "fast food" restaurant.We decided to share a hummus plate for an appetizer and each got a gyro sandwich and drinks.  The entire bill came to around $16, which seems quite reasonable for what we were getting.  They also had complimentary soup (lentil and chicken/rice).  My husband tried the lentil soup, and was practically licking the little bowl.  He was gonna get some more, but our hummus plate came.  It was a perfect appetizer.  The hummus was light and quite tasty.  Then our gyros came.  Firstly, they're huge!  Secondly,  they're delicious.  There was lots of meat, and the tomatoes and onions tasted so fresh, but not overpowering.  The tzaziki sauce was light and refreshing.  Also, they had fresh brewed ice tea, which I always appreciate.This is definitely a keeper.  We're looking forward to trying some other things, but it'll be hard not to keep ordering the gyro when we go back there again.  Totally enjoyed our meal!
4	I love gyros and this place delivered my cravings. We were on a long road trip and stumbled upon this place. The portions were big. The meat was juicy.
4	The gyro was good. The fries had a nice surprise, feta cheese. Overall fair price and good food. Will recommend.
5	Looove this place ! My son loves the spinach spanko pita, there is always a free home made soup available, gyro is the way I remeber it from Europe, and the service is GREAT !
5	This place is easily one of the best lunch spots in the valley. Delicious greek food at great prices. It's been a family favorite of ours since the day we learned of it.
5	my husband and I really enjoyed our meal today.  We both ordered the combo gyro plate.  We substituted salad for the french fries.  The salad had lots of cucumber, tomato and feta cheese.  The gyro had lots of meat and the bread was hot and fresh.  Very tasty!  We were pleasantly surprised when we were told to help ourselves to a free bowl of soup while we waited for our order to be prepared.  I had the lentil soup and it was pretty good.  This also came with a drink.  All this for $6.99!  What a deal. The food tasted delicious and so fresh.  The owner seemed very attentive and came to our table to ask how everything was.   I wish I could come back often, but we live in Calif--we're only passing through on the way home from the Grand Canyon.
4	This place is great! The food is delicious and the price is right!
5	I love this place. They make the best gyros! The meat was juicy, hot, and delicious. The place is clean, prices are reasonable, and the staff are friendly.
4	Went here a few weeks ago. The gyros are excellent, packed with juicy meat. The fries with Feta are super yummy and the lentil soup is really tasty too. Every once in a while, I think they are trying to get rid of some tzatziki sauce because they put so much on the gyro. Nice problem to have though.If I had a complaint, it would be that it is sometimes a little too warm in the place. But overall, an excellent experience.
5	Love it, try the gyro salad! Also the gyro sandwich. Oh yea and the pita with zatziki(spelling?) is awesome. Love it every time
5	I go here once a week...it's the best...gyros are always good and the staff is pretty friendly...free soup while you wait!!
5	Always great not to mention you get FREE SOUP.   Lentil soup is pretty good, I think the other soup is lemon chicken......just help yourself.   Gyro is awesome.
5	Great food  Friendly Staff.  Very reasonable prices...less than $20 for lunch for 2.FREE SOUP while you wait for your order. My wife and I have eaten there about 5 times, and now i start chanting "BAKLAVA! BAKLAVA!" as soon as we walk in the door to distract her while ordering:)
4	Not my first Greek gyro or restaurant, but the food here was better than the others I've been to. The owner was very eager to help my wife order and get the "greek experience", he helped her order the delicious greek fries. Greek fries sound odd, but are actually quite delicious, crinkle fries + feta cheese are a great twist on an american dish. The soups were great, gyro meat was tender and well cooked. All in all a great place for people hesitant to try Greek food.
4	I went here with my mom the other day to try it out and I was glad that I did. Even thought we got it to go, the food was still fresh and hot when we got home and the gyros were delicious! I would have liked a little bit more feta cheese on the fries, but other than that they were good too. They lady at the front was very nice and held a little conversation with me when she wasn't busy. Definitely going back to try some other things.
4	Wonderful chicken shwarma type sandwiches and the cannoli was awesome. Friendly service, free soup (try the lentil), fair prices. I really liked it.
5	I had a Gyro Pita Combo for lunch today and it was excellent.   While waiting I had a cup of their free lentil soup which proved to be a perfect start. The pita was generous an tasty.  The fries were fresh and served with feta. I will be back soon.
4	My husband and I were in the area and thought we would stop and try their food. It was really good. Full of flavor. The cashier/waitress was very nice & helpful. I even heard her offer another customer a different option and he even saved money. Unheard of in today's economy, but great customer service, and wonderful food keep them coming back.
5	Best Greek gyros I've had in Phoenix.  The gyro meat is seasoned well and it's not salty like other places I've been to. There is a complimentary soup along with your meal, very reasonable prices.
4	Love this place. Great Greek gyro with fries. They offer free soup but I haven't tried it. The meal is plenty enough for anyone and trust me you'll eat it all. The best Greek food in the west valley since Ararat closed down.
5	My husband and I go here every Saturday for lunch.  We love their gyro's, loaded with deliciously seasoned meat, fresh tomatoes and tzatziki sauce...delicious!  My husband immediately heads to the free soup for his cup of lentil soup, he loves it!  Sometimes we'll get the salad or feta fries, both wonderful.  The fries aren't greasy, and are flavored with sprinkling of creamy feta cheese.  The prices are definitely reasonable for the quality of the food.  The staff are all family, and are warm from the minute you step inside, greeting you with a smile, and bidding you goodbye as you leave.  This is our treat to each other for a hard week's work.
5	Just like everyone else says...AWESOME!
5	Let me just say -- YUM!!  This was my choice on Valentine's Day (I know -- WHAT?! -- but we celebrate V-Day EVERY DAY of the year, it's just another day to take your $$).  Anyway, they offer FREE fresh, homemade soup while you're waiting for your meal (Lentil or Chicken Lemon Rice), so we tried one of each.  Delicious!I ordered the Gyro Pita and Greek Fries and my husband ordered the Gyro Combo Plate (Gyro meat and Chicken Souvlaki).  The plates came and his platter was enormous, covered with meat and rice and pita, and my pita was STUFFED with the best gyro meat I've ever had.  Not too salty, but very flavorful.  The fries were lightly sprinkled with feta cheese, and they gave an extra side of tzatziki on the side.  I could only eat half of the sandwich, it was so much food!  Needless to say, I was a very happy girl!Try it, it's delicious food with great prices and a very friendly staff.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
2	I visited today after reading all of the great reviews here. I was disappointed. The gyros were ok but My Big Fat Greek has better. The Taziki sauce is watery. The fries with feta are garbage. All they are is cheap quality skinny cut fries u can get anywhere (the feta does nothing for them).  The dining area was Filthy with 4 unbussed tables with old food leftovers..and no they were not short staffed or too busy to clean. The cannoli behind the glass looked nasty and old. Disgusting dirty place. If the food reviews on yelp weren't so good I would have walked out. Gross. Not going back. Don't know if previous reviews are from folks who haven't ever had a good gyro but I'm from NY and this place is nothing to rave about!
5	By far my favorite greek gyro.  I ordered the swavarki grilled chicken gyro with with all the fixings plus added lettuce.  The grilled chicken they used was delicious and a large portion,  the pita bread on the gyro was really tasty as well. The chicken tasted as if it was marinated in some sort of greek herbs, you just gotta try the grilled chicken it was sooo delicious!!! Also It comes with a generous portion of greek fries that are seasoned with herbs and a light sprinkle crumbled feta cheese.   I also ordered a small salad which turned out to be HUGE! and it was cheap. it had all sorts of veggies in the salad and it came with pieces of pita bread in it.  The salad had this DELICIOUS dressing and crumbled pieces of feta on it. it was soooo good! Each meal comes with free soup!!  The chicken soup which has has a tangy flavor with some sort of fragrant spices, its good its one of my favorites. They also have Lentil soup which my mom always orders.  The place is very clean, The outside of it has this cool artsy greek/italian sorta theme and the tables are roomy and comfy. The people here are nice and friendly.So overallI like the gyros here better than the other places around phoenix. I was pleasantly surprised at how cheap the prices are and boy you get a lot of food. they have a ton of other stuff besides gyros though and stuff for kids. Plus they have greek deserts and sweets which look sooo good! it gets my 5 stars.
3	Being a Greek himself, my husband knows good Greek food.  We both agree the food  here is delicious. However, I called on 3 X in 2 days to place a catering order.  Finally decided to fax the order & hope they get it in time to prepare it all The food was ready when requested & delicious as usual.Other than the ordering process, I give this restaraunt 4 Stars!
5	Friendly service & great food, free soup.
5	The best gyros on the west side!  Heck, maybe even the best gyros in the Phoenix metro area.  We always order the gyro sandwiches (practically exploding with tasty gyro meat, tomatoes, onions and yummy tzaziki sauce (you know, the yogurt, cucumber, garlic dressing -- yeah, that one... the one you lick off your fingers everytime you get it because you don't want to miss a drop of it?) in a warm soft pita and split an order of greek fries -- french fries with just the perfect amount of feta.  Fabulous.  This is a nice family owned place that is definitely worth trying if you are on the west side and have a hankering for some great gyros.
5	Free soup while you wait?  Sample as soon as you walk in?  Service from owner?  Yes, Yes and Yes!  I am SO happy I walked in here unplanned one day.  Me, my husband and my daughter ate for 15 bucks!  Everything was authentic and delicious!  The service was fast and helpful and it just made you feel good.  This is the ultimate lunch experience!
3	The free soup is a plus! Good portion of meat.
2	Folks saying this place is great, either have never had Greek Gyros before or are related to the owners.  Not good at all.  Small portions, dry, chewy meat with grissle.  Yuk.     Now let's all gasp in awe of Rob T. down there and his awesome skills at judging Jodi for having an opinion that's different than his.  Dork.
3	The food was very good, had the Gyro & Chicken Combo and the wife and I shared an order of Greek Fries. All of the food was very good and my first time eating Greek food, will definitely go back for the food. The Baklava and Canollies were great also.The downside was the service, or lack of. The tables were all a mess and customers were having to clear their own tables before they could sit down. Everyone was stacking the dirty dishes on a single table and it got stacked so high stuff was falling off the table. The young kid who was working the register and walking around didn't seem to care at all that people didn't have a place to sit and when people were at the register to order he would ignore them and just keep walking around not really doing anything. We had to get up and leave sooner than we wanted because there were people waiting for our table because the others had so much dirty dishes on them and ours only had the two plates.I ordered and then three other customers came in and ordered after me. They all got their food before me and I had to go up to the counter and ask why my wife and I had not been served yet. He looked in the back and seen our food sitting there and grabbed it and walked it to our table and never said a word.
1	PS Rob T, I am Sicilian from NYC so you damned well better believe that I can judge a Cannolli from behind glass. Problem with people who have not grown up with Italian desserts is that they think these nasty little excuses for Cannolli at Greek gyro express are actually good!!! Oh and yeah, u really have nothing better to do than make a dumb statement on Yelp when someone posts an opinion that differs from yours??  Grow up.
5	the food here is amazing the portions are great and the prices are right on point. it is difficult to find good foreign restaurants in this area but this is one of them.
4	Ate here again for lunch and the Gyro Sandwich was very good. Place was cleaner and service was good this time around. Will definitely go back for a Gyro and of course a couple of great tasting cannoli's. Wife loved the Greek Salad with Gyro meat.
4	Not really fast, but good! We had the chicken souvlaki "sandwiches" - they come with tzaziki instead of honey dijon.
4	This place is great.  Order out from here once every month or so.  I've only ordered gyros with Greek salad and fries.  It's inexpensive for very good food.  The actual indoor ambiance is something between divey & casual.  Wish they served calamari.
3	Very good food. Wait for my food was slightly long for an "express" restaurant. Although they did say it was an unusually busy day & admitted to being behind. Hopefully staffing issue is fixed for future.
1	With 4 1/2 stars I was excited about this place... Then we went inside. I'm trying to figure out where 3 1/2 of their stars came from. You walk in and this place has a "grimy" look and feel. But I've learned you can't judge the food by the restaurant's appearance. We ordered our food with a very uninterested cashier (who obviously has better things to do that don't involve us or our order). We ordered hummus, a chicken gyro, a Chicago burger, a drink and a side of rice... $26?! WTF mate?! Henywho, we'd ordered so we had some soup while we waited. I didn't get the hype, the soup tasted like it came out of a Campbell's can but it was free and we were hungry (Free-ish, at $26 for what we ordered I'm sure we paid for the soup). Ate our soups got our hummus and it was ok, not the best but at least the pita bread was warm. We managed to finish our soups and our hummus and still waited 15 minutes for our food! 15 MINUTES, for a total of almost half an hour at a place called Gyro "Express". The cashier/ waitress threw our food on the table and walked away. My husband's Chicago Greek burger was a decent burger, nothing special and his Greek fries we're the same, just French fries with a sprinkle of feta cheese and oregano (not the deliciousness I tasted at Pita Kitchen). My Greek chicken pita managed to be dry even though it was smothered in taziki sauce, a ridiculous amount of taziki, I used a napkin between every bite and it was so annoying I gave up on eating it. We ordered a side of rice for our 2 year old, it was bland and because someone got oregano happy, it tasted like pure oregano. So that's my experience, it was a waste of time, money and taste buds. Never again.
5	Excellent gyros. Eat here quite a bit and its always good.
5	The food is delicious, I've never been disappointed.  Portions are deliciously huge, food is just wonderful.  The cashier's attitude sucks, but you can't have everything. I'll gladly take her "I could give a shit" attitude as long as the cooks in the back keep making delicious food :)
4	I don't work far from here, so I like coming here once in a while for lunch. I always call ahead to order and when I get there, my food is always ready and waiting for me. I always take some of the lemon chicken and rice soup to go with me. I haven't had anything other than their Greek salad with gyro meat, which is delicious. The meat isn't dry nor fatty. It compliments my salad nicely and I love the soft, warm pita bread that accompanies my salad!
5	Great local family business! Best Greek food ever! Run by a real Greek family. Very hard working customer oriented staff.  Free lemon rice soup while you wait for your food (which is excellent). I have a friend that drives all the way from Scottsdale because he loves the food here. Closed Sunday's.
2	Remember how your parents taught you that if you had nothing good to say, don't say anything at all?:|
3	Started out so promising.......why is it when small restaurants start out great they get comfortable and fizzle...been here several times and each time I see and taste the decline.The gyros were great then tasted as if they've been under the lamps all day. Why is it that the tables are always dirty and only a handful of people are seated? I wish I could say I'm going back.
3	Hot cheese soup! Place was ok. Nothing to complain about. Clean, very nice staff.I got the Gyro, and salad. I don't eat carbs, so I tossed the pita and chowed down on the meats and veggies. Filled me up. Broke camp, mission complete.I'm used to Pita Kitchen, but thought I'd give this joint a try since it's a mile away. I'd be returning for sure. Good prices.
4	Free homemade soup!I had the lemon chicken rice soup. Very hearty, chunks of celery, and carrot, flavorful broth, tender, but not overcooked rice. Delicious!For my meal I had the classic gyro combo. Generous amount of meat, decent amount of tzatziki, soft and warm pita, chunks of tomato and onion.Delicious! Would return!
4	I try and stop in this place at least once a month, and sometimes more if cravings are not satisfied ;)Beleive its the owners son that usually runs the counter when I come in and gotta asy he is always very nice and service oriented! I mean how do I say this without offending anyone, usually younger people in the service industry have a real crap attitude, so coming here is really refreshing and the food is yummmm. Last time I went in the son was sampling their Greek Rice Pudding and all I got to say is OMG, sooo good :)So, give this place a try and support the local shops.
4	I have finally found a great gyro! Not a big pita bread fan so I've been disappointed in the past, but not after eating here.The food was awesome! My boyfriend and I ordered the Gyro Sandwich combo w/ the feta fries. Everything was on point, including the FREE chicken lemon rice soup. The gyro meat was flavorful and juicy and the feta gives another dimension of "Yum" to the fries. Also,  they don't skimp on portions.  Lets just say my buds (taste buds) were very happy after leaving!
4	Stopped in here expecting typical mediocrity, and was pleasantly surprised by the quality, and the service! Seemed short staffed, but those guys were on it! there was a big family and a few others making large orders, but those guys handled it like pros! Portions were very generous, prices were fair, and the food was great.
5	Their food was great! They give you free soups while you dine and let me tell you.. They are delicious!! Great little gem.
5	Love this place, salad is always super fresh, ice cold and crispy.    I eat at  A LOT of places and this is for sure 1 of my favorites.  Always very good and nice peeps.
5	I certainly found a new fast food go to.Im not a 'fast food' kinda gal but I will partake once in awhile.  The free soup was good. Lemon chicken w rice. My gyro was excellent.  The best part was I got to trade out the fries for a salad. Which was fresh and so yummy!  Highly recommend!
4	Alway a very good lunch...make sure to try the chicken lemon rice soup that is complimentary with every meal!  Opa!
3	29 minutes from the time on the receipt to when the first plate was placed on my table.....food tastes good but not 29 minutes good....also for the speed of service it was slightly overpriced...as long as there is no other competition this is the place to go for Greek food
4	7 bucks for a gyro combo...cant beat that! comes with large sandwich, feta fries, a drink and free soup! Friendly staff i walked in at 9 pm immediately greeted by a young guy who im guessing was running it. Very tasty very filling and the feta cheese is just next level so bomb!
5	I had a great experience here the service was awesome!!! Very reasonable prices for the amount of food, and quite tasty.
4	This is my GO TO spot for a Gyro in the west valley. The Gyro combo has always been right on the money, You can order it with ether fries or Greek salad. Try ether and you will leave happy.
4	Gyro sandwich is about average. I got the "Greek fries" which are fries with some feta cheese and herbs on top of shoestring fries. Fries were nothing special. But they offer two kinds of soup with your order, which was nice. Overall I thought the food was average, but they were really friendly and I liked the self-serve soup, so they get four stars. Food was three stars.
3	I have been here about 5 times and have never received this free soup. The first time I went I was impressed with the service and the food, but since then, the food is pretty good but the service is bad. The girl who is at the counter most of the time is very short with customers and at times I've even felt like she doesn't want customers there at all. I love Greek food, but I doubt I'll be going back often since I feel like a burden every time I walk in.
5	Service is always slow but the food is super good.  Trust me I've tried a lot of Greek places and this is by far the best flavor and value.  Their combos come with "Greek Fries" which is just feta but it adds to the whole meal.  They also have free soups in the eating area!
5	Great family owned business and amazing food. I enjoy the meals and complimentary soup.
5	My sister and I were in the area dropping off our Uncle at the nearby Quality Inn. He gave us 15 dollars for food. I checked Yelp to see what was available and saw this highly rated restaurant with a $ indicating a menu under 10 dollars. Gave it a shot and WOW!Yep everything here is under 10 dollars but the quality tastes twice as expensive. I got the Mediterranean Fish sandwich and my sister had the Lamb souvlaki. The demure hostess politely warned us that these orders would take a while, but honestly it really didn't feel like it took much time at all.Food was superb, can't believe we got such a great meal for the two of us for only 17 dollars. Plus, they have FREE SOUP that you can help yourself to while you wait. Two kinds even! Chicken lemon rice and Lentil Bean soup. Both very tasty. I'm only sad that this was just a one time deal and I'm likely to never pass this way again anytime soon.+ Great food for astoundingly low price.-This place isn't close to where I live.-Minor gripe. The one TV they have is TINY. I liked the Greek scenery footage they were playing, but I had to squint to make out any detail. Could really use either more TVs set up around the place or one big TV.
5	Anybody who has a bad review for this place is a complete idiot........u always get free soup, food is always hot and delicious and the salads are always nice, fresh and cold..........and the price is great too and the staff which is family owned is VERY NICE.
4	I LOVE this place for so many different reasons!!! It is clean. It is conveniently located.  I adore the brothers that work there. They are by far the MOST personable service workers I have encountered in eons! They are amiable and TRULY seem to enjoy their customers. Every time I go in they treat me as though I'm their favorite customer, although I'm pretty sure they don't recognize me. The food is delicious, although I have had better hummus. The souvlaki dinner and falafel platter are divine. Someone in a different review may have mentioned the free lemon rice and lentil soups. They are hotter than the surface of the sun and delicious! Get there early or all the chicken will be pilfered from the lemon soup! The only real downside to this family owned & run restaurant is one of the gals who works there during the day. She just doesn't seem to enjoy her job as much as the brothers. She almost seems afraid to engage the customers. Perhaps she's shy or unsure if herself. Give her a Baklava and a hug and tell her to engage- customers like that!!
5	This is my go-to gyro joint, best one in the west valley. The gyros are always overfilled with meat and their salads are great. Fantastic quality and quantity of food and overall great value!
4	Pretty good gyro.  Ordered extra meat and they delivered.  I have always hit up Pita Kitchen once a week but now torn.  Well played.
5	Looking for something different, I found Greek Express at the top of the best rated list. The location is easily accessible, the staff is very friendly, and the food is fantastic. I ordered a gyro sandwich with the Greek salad as the side, and I would do it again in a heartbeat.
4	I have ordered out from this place twice both times the Gyro meal. The Gyro is legit. Very good and exactly what I was craving. The fries are good but would be a lot better if they were crisp. I'm not sure if it's the 10min drive home in which they get a little soggy but they are the reason for my 4 stars instead of 5. Despite the fries his place is really reasonable for the price and how good the gyro is and the amount you receive is the reason I will continue ordering from it.
5	Popped in here after a visit to Sam's Club and honestly wasn't expecting much. Wow was I surprised! One of the better gyros I've had in a while, and one that rivals the late night vendors in Europe, but without the greasy feeling next morning. I tried the Chicken Gyro, but with tzatziki instead of honey dijon dressing. Absolutely delicious. The Greek Fries were yummy, though a little more cooked than I prefer. They offer free soup while you wait for your order. And the guys behind the counter were wonderfully nice and accommodating of everyone in the restaurant. You could definitely tell that they cared about making it an enjoyable dining experience for their customers. I know where I'll be going next time I have a hankering for some Greek food!
5	Love it, been there twice in 10 days. You leave full but it is a good full. Great meat Gyro with salad, plus a drink and soup, for about $7, hard to beat that. Not much for decor, but service is quick and the place is clean. Sometimes busy but seems like they have a steady business with clientele that know they are getting great food at a great price. Order at the counter and they bring the food to you, help yourself to soda and soup. I will keep going back.
2	Recently in the area and looking for a place to get some lunch. Saw good reviews for this place on Yelp, so decided to give it a try.We stopped in about two in the afternoon on a Friday. We ordered a gyro and the Mediterranean fish sandwich. For $2 more you can upgrade to a combo with a choice of Greek fries or salad and a drink. My friend ordered the fries. I ordered a salad. The cashier asked if we wanted soup and gave us bowls for soup and a number for our order. The girl taking our order wasn't very welcoming and didn't explain the free soup, however we knew about the soup from reading about it on Yelp. The soup was delicious! A lentil and a lemon rice. They were hot and flavorful! We ate our soup and waited. And waited. And waited. Twenty minutes went by and two tables that came in before us got there food. Five more minutes went by and we decided to ask about our food. At that point, we were told that fish takes at least twenty minutes. Another five minutes went by before we got our food. Thirty minutes total. We were hungry and annoyed at this point. I guess that's why they offer the free soup!The gyro was good. The salad was good. The Greek fries were okay. Regular fries with feta cheese on top. The pita bread was the best part of the meal. The downside was the fish, which is what took so long. On the menu, it said it was grilled. Okay, so maybe it was cooked on a grill. What i got was what looked like a very thin, breaded, pan fried piece of fish. It was disappointing. I tried to take the breading off, but the fish was so thin there was little or no meat left to eat. At that point, I just gave up. After waiting so long and then getting something that wasn't cooked the way it was described on the menu, I was no longer hungry. The food was okay but not worth the wait. And, they really do need to change the description of the Mediterranean fish and let people know it takes twenty minutes to cook, especially at lunch.
4	I don't know why I drop 1 star but there is something about it that I can't give it a 5 stars. The food is good I have no complain but it is so so... very decent simple Greek :)
5	For the food, price & service this place has to be the best gyro restaurant in Avondale. It's a little hidden gem in this neighborhood. Food is always good. The service is always fantastic. The two young men behind the counter are always friendly & efficient. Definitely one of my favorite places!
4	Great food! Very nice staff. The takeout is easy. Complimentary soup du jour is included in every order. The restaurant should be kept cleaner/bussed.
1	28 mins to get served at lunchtime is unacceptable. That's great that they have soup available but maybe that should have been a red flag. The excuse that they make everything fresh doesn't work for me because it doesn't take 28 mins to make a chicken souvlaki platter. Lunch started off good but didn't end well. Please remove the word "Express" from your signage.
5	Dont let the location keep you away.I have eaten here several times.the gyro meat is seasoned to perfection.i usually get.  Slovaki  plate.i.may have misspelled.lol but anyway Greek salad, pita bread,greek cream,gyro meat shaved and tasty and a skewer of greek seasoned chicken.all good.I also have a bowl of complimentary soup while I wait.Lentil or lemon chicken soup.both are good. .for dessert.  Simple Connolly.or.  slice of their blaklava . Everybody I ever took with me to eat here has always enjoyed every bite.great place to eat real Greek food .enjoy
4	Not a bad spot quick still tasty but the staff are curious & they have complimentary soup which I think is a cool idea And They have a show that tours GREECE! I will go before I die!
3	Tried this place for the first time today. Gyros are good, Greek fries are okay. Place was real messy when I came in, dirty tables with food plates still on them. They have free homemade soup, which there was none left when I looked to get some. Reasonably priced.
3	The gyros are about par with other places.  Falafel is meh.  Service is SLOW so don't come here during the rush.  Seriously, they had 1 guy in the back and one in the front.  It took 20 minutes to get our food and that's when I actually started keeping track.  On the upside, they offer complimentary soup which was pretty decent.
4	My favorite little Greek spot. I like the Greek salad w/ Gyro meat and the spinach pie. The rice pudding is also good. They give you a choice of chicken lemon rice soup or bean soup with every order. The place is always clean and the service is great.
4	This place is solid! I ordered at lunchtime for pickup and the lady said it would be 15 minutes-- I got there in 15 minutes right as my order came out, perfect! I had the falafel gyro and it delicious. My gyro was overflowing with big falafels, I couldn't ask for more, and the pita was also nice and soft. My friend got the regular gyro and she said it was tasty as well. The tzatziki sauce was great as well.
5	I was here last night to pick up an order. The young men running the store were incredible! These guys are great for business. Very friendly and professional. I messed up on my order when I called it in, and they took care of it. Great food...ok...I've eaten here on other occasions, but last night was by far the best all around experience. The Gyro sandwiches were stuffed full of meat! Love the food! Love the service! Love the professionalism from the workers last night! I'm a customer for life! Thanks!
2	I've been going here for a long time and I was very disappointed today. The woman at the counter was VERY rude. When she gave me my receipt she practically slapped it down on the counter. She did not give us soup bowls and when the guests after us asked for them she acted like she didn't want to give them any either so I didn't even bother to ask. The woman obviously wasn't having a good day and was taking it out on her customers. Typically they give us sauce with our combos and we didn't get that either. The fries are normally very good but today they tasted like they had been sitting for a long while. Im thinking that they are trying to cut costs because even the salad and gyro was skimpy on the toppings, not like it used to be.
5	Great food and very good customer service. We have been coming here for years and it's always good.
2	The wait was really long for dinner. I got the falafel plate and the hummus was overly salty and more of an applesauce consistency than a hummus spread. The flavor wasn't great. they were out of the spinach pie. The falafel was really dark and super spiced. Too strong of a favor for me. The salad was the highlight of the meal but not enough to keep me coming back.
5	BEST GYRO SANDWICH IN TOWN!!! This place has ruined gyros anywhere else for me now. If I'm the mood for a gyro no one else will do. Love both the lentil bean and lemon chicken w/ rice soups that are offered for free while you wait.
