5	I was driving home and saw the sign for this new pizzeria so I decided to stop by for a take out menu and see what the new pizza place has to offer. I got to talking with the owner (forgot to ask him his name) and his daughter about their pizza, sauce, and future plans. Here are a few highlights:1. All of their pizza dough and sauce is made in house and is fresh. The pizza dough actually has malt and takes about 36 hours to rise properly. No quick yeast in is place!2. They plan on having delivery service very soon so check back for updates on their Facebook page, Eat24, or call the store. 3. They also make "take & bake" pizza! I have never heard of a family run pizzeria doing this. The instructions for baking are quick and easy. I talked to the owner about baking the pizza on a stone or cast iron and he was was very helpful in explaining how to get the best results and how is dough is never squishy in the middle, it's always crispy. 4. They have a basic menu right now but are open to suggestions from customers about other items to add to the menu, I was personally curious about desserts especially on the Italian side.Product review: I didn't order pizza tonight because of previous dinner plans but the owner was nice enough to let me try the cheesy bread with the side of pizza sauce. It was amazing! The sauce was the perfect consistency and had balanced flavor. The cheesy bread is made with whole milk mozzarella and it really made the difference. There wasn't not a bunch of grease or weird stringy cheese. You could also taste a hint of garlic in the cheesy bread.  I will be ordering pizza from here in the days to come and will be sure to post a review. While I was in the pizzeria another customer came in just to tell the owner how great their pizza had been, that says alot right there.-mg
4	Excellent service. Staff was really nice and friendly and they support the military( gave 20% discount for military off their already cheap prices). I would come here again! Their crust isn't necessarily the best I've had but, based on how it looked out of the oven, it was pretty damn good and unique. They give a heavy portion of sauce, which I like, so if you're not big on sauce order light on the sauce. Overall the sauce is very good. All in all I say it's the best pizza around the Aliante area, so pop in and give it a try. I'll definitely be back!
5	I stopped by the other day to pick up 2 pizzas before heading over to a friends house. They had really good pizza with fresh ingredients and great prices! $6.99 for a large one topping pizza! You can't beat that! Everyone really liked the pizza as well!  The owner was very nice and friendly! Definitely would recommend!
4	Stopped by here because we purchased the Groupon.The pizza is a very good size, and well worth the money, even without the Groupon.It's a typical local pizza place, with a small area to dine in, tho we did take our pizzas out.The worker (owner?) who rang us up was very nice and knowledgable about his pizzas.We ordered several things. The Hawaiian pizza was on par with what you'd expect from any pizza place. What makes me want to come again, is the garlic knots and the chicken bacon ranch pizza we ordered. Both these items were perfection and so delicious. Can't wait to try more of the menu.
5	Best pizza crust & sauce combination I've had in quite a while! Check Em out, soon & often! A Large 1 topping for only $6.99!!
5	This place is right around the corner from us. We had a gathering of friends over so gave it a shot. Ordered 4 pies and they all hit the spot perfect. Everything was fresh and tasty. We will be using this place allot.
5	Chicken pizza! Crust is home made, however you like it. They also have take and bake!
5	EXCELLENT PIZZA! Have tried this place twice and each time the Pizza and Garlic Knots have been Amazing!.  Hands-down the best pizza place in the Centennial/Aliante area.
5	Awesome pizza! I can tell the dough is fresh. garlic knots and cheese bread are the best I ever had. Great pizza and great customer service, awesome place.
4	WOW.  I am impressed by the pizza that came out of this place.  I always judge a pizza parlor by its plain cheese pizza.  For $6.99 this is a deal.  The crust is is not greasy.  Be fore warned it is a heavier doughy type of crust.  So it's not chicago nor new york.  The sauce has hints of basil in it giving it a fresh flavor.  I will be back.
5	Was a great place. Ordered pizza and garlic knots and both were fresh and hot.  The crust flavor was much better than chain store pizza That was a few weeks ago and we went to order again this weekend and heard on their message they are closed permanently. Hate to see a great local place close.
