5	What a great alternative to dessert in Charlotte!  If you've been to Hawaii and have been missing shaved ice, here's your fix.  If you've never had it, definitely give it a try.  Gourmet flavors and ice cream make this mom and pop operation worth checking out.  Be sure to sample a couple of the flavors - this isn't just about cherry, grape, and "blue" anymore.  They have wedding cake, chocolate, and other flavors off the beaten path.  We wish we added the soft serve vanilla ice cream for $.30 more - definitely need to do that next time.  I really like this place.  Nowhere else can you get the delightful treat of shaved ice.  Plus adding ice cream soft-serve opens up amazing flavor possibilities.  Not that you need any more decisions-you won't find more flavors anywhere.  My last treat was a lemon and lime ice with vanilla ice cream.  Can't wait to try strawberry ice with choc ice cream.  And they sell ukuleles too!
5	Five stars for an ice place? It's just ice right? Right ,kinda. They have so many yummy and interesting flavors to choose from it raises the bar. And besides,shaved ice is so good! And besides, they also have soft serve vanilla, chocolate and twist that you can also get just as a sundae with toppings of your choice. And besides, they are a mom and pop shop and anyone reading my reviews knows I like that too. And the BEST besides of all *drum roll please* you can tell em' "TO STUFF IT" ! Yep, tell these folks to stuff it and the response will be a smile. Go figure. This is very rewarding to some especially on a bad day. My favorite thing to do here is to tell them to stuff it which translates to a yummy shaved ice, stuffed, meaning layered with vanilla soft serve in between!  MUST try the stuffed mocha & chocolate mix ! And the stuffed Dreamsickle flavor. Rootbeer float lovers must order a stuffed rootbeer flavor, it's sick!Oh and besides, they have a "yellow snow" flavor that is actually a custard flavor but being from  the North , growing up with lots of snow, and a few dogs, I can't get myself to try that one.*Cash only but you won't need a lot of it.
5	Awesome place! Always leave with a smile on my face!
5	I personally LOVE this place! They have an amazing selection of flavors to choose from to flavor your ice and like Paula said you can STUFF IT! The ice cream that they stuff the snow with is rich and creamy almost like DQ soft serve. One of my favorites is the orange flavor snow stuffed with vanilla ice cream. This is such a treat and perfect during the QC's hot summer months. The owners are very nice and eager to help you pick a flavor. They also have sugar free flavors for people that are looking to watch their calories. Aloha Snow is located right next to the HT off Idlewild and Margaret Wallace.
3	I guess I'm spoiled.But when I get a craving for a "Sno Ball" this place is the closest thing to home (New Orleans). You see the trick to a really good snow ball is the ice! Nothing beats Hansen's (nola) where they even have their very own special sno-ice maker. Aloha has fun flavors and soft serve ice cream too. We even bought a Ukelele :) Hang loose...
5	Aloha Snow is honestly my new favorite place in Charlotte - it may be a drive from Uptown, but what a welcomed experience. The owner is standing behind the counter ready to serve you with not only a smile but a story - she is so full of joy that you will leave happy even if you left empty handed...BUT you won't - you will leave with the best snow cone in Charlotte and a broad smile across your face to wear the whole way home!I had cake batter and home made ice cream in my stuffed snowball - it was seriously amazing! You have to check this place out - you will want to return again and again!
4	I drove further than I'm willing to admit to try Aloha Snow.  A friend told me about the "stuffed" snowcone they sell, so the kids and I had to try it.  The verdict?  Totally worth the drive!  Lots of flavors to choose from (although very few sugar free) and the soft serve is awesome.  Layered together?  Heaven in a styofoam cup.Unfortunately, the shop itself is in need of a major spruce up.  It feels unloved, cluttered and in need of new paint and a good strong cleaning.  I found myself mentally refurnishing and decluttering the place while I ate, which proved to distract from the deliciousness of the cone.
