4	I have seen a Chinese McDonalds, a Chinese Burger King, even a Chinese Pizza Hut, but never a Chinese Quiznos.  Technically the only thing Chinese about this Quiznos is the building itself, which due to its proximity of Chinatown ends up having to blend in with the rest of the Spring Mountain Center.Though none of the workers are Chinese, they tell me a great deal of their customers are Asian.  Apparently they've gotten bored with the limited options in Las Vegas Chinatown and have found Quiznos to be more interesting.  The surrounding area of Chinatown is usually composed of malls/restaurants a lot of porn stores.  That makes Quiznos an ideal place to take the family!That said, this is one of my favorite spots when I'm in working in town.  It's a quick place to grab a bite to eat and the sandwiches are consistently well prepared.  I am down with most of their soups as well, though I think the value really lies in their sandwiches.  There isn't much seating here either, its best to take it to go.  Be sure to avoid the crazy lunch hour lines by coming in after 1PM.
3	With all the talk of pirates and then the constant barrage of commercials I broke down, picked up the phone & ordered 2 torpedoes!!I have been to this Chinatown location several times & it is really hit or miss.The soup is always good but sometimes the bread really bites.This time I ordered a Big Kahuna Tuna & Turkey Pesto Torpedoes $4 each and they deliver it for an $8 minimum and $2 delivery charge! :)Just like I ordered it off their website it came right @11:45 it was exactly as I ordered and it was exactly the price I was quoted. I was very pleased.These torpedoes are quite large for a $4 sandwich and if you request crispy bread they are really quite good. Overall Considering I only had to leave the couch to answer the door A-OK with me.
5	While running around like a maniac, I needed to grab a bite to eat before heading to Bellagio.  Seeing and hearing all the media of the torpedoes, I thought the time is now and so I went.I was pleasantly surprised by how much I got on my sandwich.  I thought this would be the chance that Quiznos could skimp, but they didnt.  The bread was really fresh (not dry like desert bread) and quite filling.  Made it a combo and I was beginning to feel energy again.  Yay for me!Jose was my sandwich maker.  Let me tell ya.. the guy did a superb job on my sandwich.. LOTS, I mean LOTS of flavorful meat... tasty!!!
3	Eh.  It was my first Quizno's.  My buddies all prefer it over subway -- apparently the quality of the meat is supposed to be better.  It wans't.  Not here at least.Firstly I want to mention is that I LOVE the fact you can watch Subway artisans (I think hat's what they're called right?) stuff the sandwich in front of you.  Here it's kinda more hidden and not as open.  That's fine.The sandwich came out OK.  I prefer the meat at Subway more and the ingredients seemed fresher at Subways I've been to than this Quiznos.  Oh well.  It was OK.Oh yeah.  The bag that your subs come in rip on the bottom if the sandwich rests against it.  That' kinda screwed half my sandwich.  I'm not counting that against them though, just an FYI for Quizno virgins like me.
3	This place never does me wrong. Random of the location to be in china town but it was convenient for me at the time. Their premium sandwiches are awesome, and I'm not usually a sandwich person. I personally like the large selection of bottled drinks they have to offer. Great for customers who don't drink soda (like myself). Best time to go is late afternoon to avoid long lines.
1	Lunch was bought (grateful) and I was given the Lobster & seafood salad sandwich. I did not enjoy at all, gave it up after the first bite and come to find out ,there is only 9% of lobster in the mix from what I found out on the internet and the other 91% is hotdog seafood. I Will never eat or think about this sandwich again. Gotta have the real 100% lobster roll next time.
5	This is my FAVORITE Quizons branch. The staff is super nice and they always try to get you the best sandwich possible.Generally I'm a Quiznos fan, but sometimes I find myself driving the extra mile just to get to this place.
2	No longer carrying 5 dollar subs so off to Subway - I think the Subway offers and taste blow Quiznos away. When they offered the $5.00 subs I ate there out of convenience since it is so close to me. Now I travel an extra two blocks for the $5.00 foot longs. n month of December six inche subs are only $2.00. Who could pass on that?
1	I stopped in here one time. The staff of two Hispanic girls ignored me. Once they did decide to help me they either didn't speak English or pretended not to be able to. So I was unable to give them my order. I also tried to order by the number but apparently they don't know what uno means.I even tried to voice my complaint my emailing Quiznos once I got home. This email was totally ignored.This was actually my first visit ever to a Quiznos and it'll be my last. I'll stick with Subway.
4	From afar, the place looked like it was closed because of the dim lighting.  They should have a "open" sign lit outside at night.Anyway, the staff was pretty nice and friendly as well as welcoming when my friend and I walked in.  Sub sizes come in small, regular and large.  My friend got a large prime rib sub and I got the regular prime angus sub with all the veggies added onto it.  My friend loved it, he ate it quick but it didn't satisfy his appetite; he was still hungry.  I on the otherhand ate half of my sub and was stuffed.
2	Usual Quiznos.  They dont accept most Quiznos coupons.  They seem like they are a franchise that doesnt work with corporate sales etc.I usually pick a differnet location if I have to have toasted bread.
