5	The grooming salon at this location does an amazing job with pets. Yesterday was the 2nd time my baby was groomed here by Chip.  I hope I spelled his name correctly, he's just wonderful.  He's very patient and very kind with my Sushi-poo and I'm comfortable leaving him in Chip's hands.
1	Had to file a complaint with corporate office. Enough is enough with the horrible customer service.  I have four dogs therefore I probably go once a week to get food for them.  Every single time I stop in there is no greeting, no "how can I help you"....and when you do ask for help it seems like it bothers them.  If you don't like working for Petco please do not take it out on the customers. I really hope corporate talks to them and brings it to their attention because I will not be coming back.  I am going to go out of my way to find a local family owned pet store that actually still values the relationship with their customers.
2	Probably one of the worst place to purchase from in the West side. The people are about as unfriendly as possible and are never really willing to help. If on the odd chance they do have someone to help on the floor they are probably not working in the department you need them to and they will tell you they will go get the person that knows about that area, then they never return. I only go here when I know exactly what I need and get in and get out. The fish area is where I go often when I do go here, and ever time the fish get smaller and smaller and the price stays the same. They have a super limited selection and you will occasionally find a dead one in the tanks which is off putting to say the least.
3	Management did contact me and I appreciate their effort in taking constructive criticism from a customer.  They stated they would talk to their employees and if anyone goes, I am sure fellow yelpers, will appreciate if someone puts an update to see if their service did in fact improve.
4	I have been taking my dog (pom-mix) to this location since I got him and I would not go anywhere else!  The groomers always do a great job of taking care of my dog.  They used to call and remind me about appointments that have been made in advanced but have since stopped.  If you use your Petco Pals card earn points and even a free hair cut.
5	Such a great store. We were looking for a portable feeding set for our dog in our truck. They only had the large one on t the shelf and we needed a small one. I asked the helpful, friendly sales lady for help and she said they were discontinued, but she remembered seeing one on the sale shelf. Low and behold, there it was..and 30% off. We got to the register and they took an additional 10% off. They have a great selection of Blue Buffalo products and found the deer antlers that my beagle loves. We will definitely be back to this store. Very happy with everything we purchased.
5	have recieved nothing but friendly sociables staff. Who love my puppy Smash. Very helpful, and have plenty of smiles..i come in they remember him, and give him lots of love.
5	I just took my doggie the second time for grooming and it was another great job. I have a 90lbs husky chow mix so he has a lot of fur to clean! Thanks for a great job!
3	I went after they just opened. They werent busy. The only real reason  i came was because  my dog was out of her food and the place i normally  get it from has been  out for a week  so i had no choice. Petsmart doesnt carry it at all. Petco  is farther  from my home and the food is more expensive. The associate  did ask me if i needed  help to my car which i dont get from my normal place. I can take the cut in the customer  service  for the lower price on food and almost no drive. That is the only reason i gave petco 3 stars-price and distance.
