4	Tucked away on a quiet block on St-Dominique, at the northern end of Little Italy, I heard about this restaurant through word-of-mouth, and decided to give it a try last night.For authenticity, the menu is completely written in Italian and presented on a large chalkboard - one on either side of the restaurant. Don't worry if you don't understand Italian, or if you're having trouble reading the handwriting; your waiter will explain every item on the menu in great detail.You must realize that the restaurant caters to providing a 'dining atmosphere' rather than an 'eat and run' atmosphere. I make a point to say this, because I've read other reviews of this restaurant on other sites, (I'm surprised I'm the first one Yelping it) where people had complained about slow service. The service is not slow; the waiters are simply giving you time to talk amongst yourselves - something that we don't do enough of anymore.The restaurant is ridiculously close to the Jean Talon market, and the waiter did tell me that the menu can change seasonly, depending on what's available at the market.That being said, this restaurant is apparently famous for their Risotto. Personally, I've never been a fan of Risotto, but the people I was there with did say that it was among the best they've ever tried.They have some very interesting items on the menu - this is not your typical Americanized Italian restaurant. Depending on what you order, some of the portions are small, but I wasn't hungry when I left. I had very good lobster ravioli as an appetizer, followed by lamb chops for my main course. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly.I got to sample (from one of the people I was with) the calamari and shrimp in a tomato broth, which was good, but I would've gotten sick of the tomato taste had I ordered it as my appetizer. I also sampled the lobster, again, served in a tomato broth. Again, good, but I would prefer it without the broth. One thing though; they say they use 1 to 1 & 3/4 lbs lobsters for that dish, but trust me, it seemed smaller.For dessert we shared the tiramisu and chocolate lava cake with espresso sauce. They were both good, but I would go with the lava cake over the tiramisu next time.It's not a very large venue, but it did fill up by 8:30/9:00 on a Saturday night, so I would recommend reservations. All in all, a very nice experience, and I would go back.
