4	When it's nice outside, Montrealers run out and play, this goes for lunch time also. My favourite Deli was PACKED because of said nice weather. So we headed of to Katz Deli at the Place Ville Marie. Because we wanted a Reuben Sandwich and that was the plan we were sticking too.The place looks like it must have looked 40 years ago but it's clean and maintained and looked like every generic restaurant looked like when I was a kid but it had this nostalgic feel to it.Now there's not much to say here because we had our grub and left. It wasn't a culinary exploration of any sort. But they had a twist on the Reuben Sandwich which I didn't expect but I loved it anyway.They made it an open faced sandwich where you have the usual Russian dressing, the krout, the smoked-meat and then a heaping pile of cheese the whole thing is salamandered until the cheese is nice and toasty, some fries are added and raw veggies.Making things better... they have CHERRY COKE. Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet.Reuben's remains my kick ass Deli but this was definitely a tasty twist I wont shy from biting into again.
4	Stumbled into Katz Deli, which was tucked away in a food court next to a McDonalds, and had a wonderful lunch of L' Ancienne Smoked beef.  Our waitress, was very helpful, and the place reminded me of one of the old deli's in Cleveland Ohio my family used to be regulars at back in the 70's.Old Fashioned smoked beef was described as more seasoned than regular smoked beef and it had more of a corned beef spice than a pastrami flavor.  It was one of the best smoked beef sandwiches I'd had.  The bread was very fresh, and it came with a heaping portion of wonderfully cooked pomme frittes.  The cole slaw was lackluster, but the pickles were very good-vinegary and salty.  We also had the chopped liver was came as two large scoops with crunchy, burnt onions-burnt being a positive description, as that's a typically deli staple, and they were crispy and a perfect compliment to the liver.  Molson Canadian on draft, and you have a perfect lunch.
1	Understaffed, poor food and terrible service. Go somewhere else as this place is just a waste of time. We were looking for some smoked meat and thought this would be the place but it looked bad so we ordered pizza. Quite possibly the worse pizza I've ever had.
3	This place could be awesome if they only paid more attention to details. The establishment is clean and the service was acceptable. I ordered a super smoked meat plate that comes with fries, a small container of cole slaw, a pickle and a soft drink for $10.25 before tax. That's about $5 less then the going price at the better quality delis in Montreal. The smoked meat was really very good. Not too salty and it melts in your mouth. The bread was fresh as well. If a sandwich is all your looking for then order it by itself and you will leave happy. The fries were horrible. It seemed as if they were blanched but never cooked a second time. Oily, half raw and tasteless. I didn't even try the cole slaw. It had been sitting for so long that the paper container it came in was falling apart and there was a brown crust forming on the top. The pickle tasted good but it was not fresh and the snap had gone out of it. As I mentioned, if I had ordered only the sandwich this review would have been very different.
