4	Nice traditional layout in this bar, which is competing with a large number of pubs in Edinburgh's Grassmarket. It carries itself well, with very competent and pleasant staff, who make sure you get served quickly. Their service during the busy Edinburgh Jazz and Blues Mardi Gras was knockout. Although the staff were run ragged, they retained their composure and good humour. I'd definitely go back.
3	Black Bull divides opinion right down the centre.Some find it a boring, dark, expensive pub full of tourists and with miserable staff.Others find it cozy, relaxing, moderatly priced with a nice atmosphere and friendly staff.I am, fortunatly stuck bang in the middle - because really, thats exactly what Black Bull aims for. It tries to cater for everybody, and ends up just being a mish mash of all of the best and worst bits of the other pubs on the Grass Market strip.personally I find it a little lacking in atmosphere, decently priced and on occasion a great place to go for a quiet pint and a chat.
2	The only reason I came here was because there was floor room. For sitting. While the final of the World Cup was on. Because I'd been unceremoniously rejected from the Three Sisters (which I would never want to go to normally, but where all the spaniards of Edinburgh were to be found yesterday from 7-11). We tried getting onion rings at Black Bull but were told there was an hour long waiting list, so gave up on that one very quickly. Ales were about 3 pounds. But the real advantage of this place is that it's huge and so you're quite likely, though not always, to find a place to sit. I'm very often suspicious of pubs in the Grassmarket. Because I feel every tour guide of Edinburgh will have that spot highlighted for every single tourist in Edinburgh. But this time it was just full of your bogstandard spaniards. Drinking beer, eating burgers and being overall a lot more tame than I'd expected.
4	Whatever you are looking for in a pub, you should get it here at least one day of the week. It hasn't had a plush makeover, so don't look for the young posers sipping a vodka and coke and spending the night looking at their mobile. It is a huge pub that'll take you a couple of minutes to walk around. There is a good long bar that contains the professional staff. I've been twice now. First time was a Friday when there was a DJ on, and it was very busy. The second time was a Wednesday when there was a live band playing. It wasn't as busy, and probably because the place is so large, it looked quiet. The band was very good but seemed to take longer on their cigarette breaks than actually playing their music.. It's a pity really because I noticed some people coming in that were just about to walk by, just to check out the band. It probably got quieter later on because people thought that the band had finished when they had their second big break.Anyway, good pub, good character, good staff, good entertainment, crisps but no nuts. Worth a visit.
5	On my last visit to Edinburgh...my friends and I went there just by chance.  It was just what I wanted and expected in a pub...simple, homey, great food and great service!  Our waiter was more than attentive and had a great/warm personality and made us feel right at home.  It was a fantastic end to a long day of touring!  Thanks guys!  Cheers!!!
4	You know what's great with potato? You guessed it.. haggis. We had come here the night before because our friend who loves pubs decided to make his own pub crawl. We promptly left as it wasn't his scene and moved onto a club. Tonight, there was a large group of us. We wandered into different restaurants (even though we came from one) along the Grass Market strip, but there was no room at the inn... But here, we came in as people we leaving and voila, table for eleven. We ended up going to the bar to place our orders two by two... Good thing it wasn't table service; none of us were ready at the same time. I ordered a baked potato topped with haggis with a salad garnish. My husband got the roast chicken sandwich. Once the bar got wind that we were all together, they made sure our food all came out at the same time even though we didn't order together. I didn't take many pictures of food while I was away. I didn't want to be "one of those people"... I had to take a photo of this though... with an actual camera. My potato was cut in four with a huge lump of haggis melting into it. It was beautiful and wonderful and filling. I made it my mission to keep ordering haggis at every meal. When they say salad garnish, they really mean garnish. I still ate it because coming from the land of water and yoga (which I obviously don't subscribe to), I kind of wanted vegetables. Weird... The apple cider I drank with this doesn't count as a veggie. Food came fast and it was good. Service was thoughtful...
