5	I walked into Miracle Mile, the shopping destination of Las Vegas, and the first thing I saw was a sign that said "Now Open Bettie Page". I'm all, who's that, what's that. So I checked it on the directory of like, 3,000 stores(btw, I have not seen WIld Pair and Baker's in the same place since my teenage pilgrimages to the Staten Island Mall) and I made my way past Express and Bebe and Zed's Old Timey General Store, with a stop at Fat Tuesday's, and I arrived at this little slice of heaven. This store is not yer typical 50's clothing retailer for rockabilly kids and professional throwbacks. It's an homage to the style, sex appeal and charm of the great Bettie Page. So yes, the fashion is decidedly Eisenhower era, but the theme is Bettie. That means you are limited to a selection of a few dresses and separates and a small rack of shoes. There is no jewelery or anything but there are some t-shirts depicting famous scenes from some of Bettie's most popular cinematic endeavors and some knick knacks like candles(with flames!). The clothing is awesome. Despite the small selection, the clothes are beautiful, comfortable and totally wearable. I slipped into a few dresses and a shirt and they all fit me better than most of the stuff I have tried on lately, but the best part is I looked great. The cut is so flattering and the dresses dipped in and out in all the right places. I was like, huh? And the prices are totally reasonable. Some of the stuff they have is polyester and other synthetic fibers so thats a bummer, but I walked away with an amazing  item and the salesgirl gingerly wrapped it for me in leopard print tissue paper. The staff is not bubbly, but definatley helpful and the store has pink carpet and a tv in the corner showing BP movies. I was SOOO happy when I left, plus I was still buzzing from my Fat Tuesday Pina Colada.
3	The best and worst thing about this store is that the dresses were really really cute.  Authentic 40s and 50s styled dresses abounded, some even on end-of-summer-sale, but all this water and not a drop to drink: even their Large dresses wouldn't fit my boobs.  I was bummed.  For some reason I thought they'd fit me because Bettie Page had larger boobs, but no such luck.  My favorite part of the store: in a darkened corner, under a sign reading 'Complaints and Returns," a mannequin dressed to appear like Bettie in bondage held a whip.  Funny.  Cute store!
5	For my tens and tens of fans (you know who you are!) to hear that I love pinup art is, like, "duh!"  Of course, walking into this store was like heaven for me.  It's more than just Bettie Page; with a nod to all pinups from back in the day.I loved all of their dresses, but they do run small (I usually wear a medium, but their large was a better fit).  Cut for a curvier figure (hourglass, if you will) these dresses will show off your ASSets.  I tried on a corset dress and fell in love right there in the dressing room.  I also couldn't picture any place where I would go and not look like I stepped out of a speakeasy, so I didn't end up buying it.  Now, I wish that I had!  Damn it.  OK, back to Vegas.
5	I really love clothing from this era. I had a lot of fun walking around looking at all the pretty dresses, and then there was this pretty light purple suit that I knew I needed to try on. But there were only L, XL, and XXL on the rack. Why? Not an S in sight...so I asked the person at the counter. She found me an S in the back and laid it out for me to try on in a dressing room. After I squeezed myself into the skirt....I asked for an M. Alas, the M's jacket was too large so I stuck with the S.There is even a 20% discount when u bring in a coupon from the info booth that the checkout person informed me of. She was super super nice. Even enlightened my hubs with 'whatever happened to bettie' while i was trying all this on. Great service.
5	Ah yes, how could I not go to the city of sin and see some pin ups. If you know me, you know I love them. I have a pin up tattoo, do burlesque and admire Bettie Page (RIP). Upon a referral from Kiki I had to visit this store.I really did love their selection. The clearance section --which I could afford-- unfortunately did not hold treasures for me, fluorescent floral design and all. The cut of the apparel seemed to highlight a woman's curves and not give the illusion of a stuffed sausage or two pigs fighting under a blanket. I got some cushion, but I don't want to look like a bean bag in a dress.The accessories were adorable, shoes, bags etc...and they had a good variety of tees as well. Alas, I was broke, and figured my boobs wouldn't fit into any teeny tiny cute tops or sale items, so I drooled from afar. It was a welcome pit stop after the Bebe's, attack of the tight black pants stores and bedazzled denim hats and jackets I had to dodge in the mall.
5	This store is by far one of the best dress shops I have ever come across. It is located at Planet Hollywood, in wonderful Las Vegas.  I discovered this store because someone recommended it to me.  He brought me a brochure from the store, and I saw the clothes, and knew that I had to go as soon as I had a chance to go to Vegas. If you love elegant, sophisticated, feminine, classic dresses this is the shop.  The designs are beautiful, the prints are awesome!!!   From polka dots to cherry  print, to leopard print, it is everything a girl could want and more.The first time I went , I found the staff to be very helpful.  The young lady that attended to me, helped me find a dress on sale in my size.  I honestly was not sure if anything was going to fit me, because I am on the petite side but when I tried it on I was like WOW!!!  It complemented my body nicely ; )!! Finally a store where XS means extra small, hugs the curves nicely.   So I tried another one on and instantly fell in love.  My boyfriend sat outside on the lounge chair they have, which is a nice touch so the men will not be frustrated by standing around.  .  Second time I went I bought four dresses.  To my surprise one of the models for the clothing line attended to me, she was so nice!!! Even the people they choose to model the clothes suite the clothes to perfection.  Whenever I wear one of these dresses I get tons of complements!! Love this store. You can buy online too, but I prefer to try things on because I am picky when it comes to fit, so that does not work for me.  Nice to browse the new stuff though to plot out what I will buy next time!  I have also heard that they will be opening a store on Hollywood Blvd, can not wait to have a store closer to home.  The prices are decent, not ridiculous.  The sales racks have deals I could not pass up.  One of my dresses came out to less than 50 which is a steal for the style and quality.
5	I came to this store not necessarily to shop but to pay homage to Bettie and at least say I came, I saw, and slightly conquered. I just took in the magnificence of the experience of seeing all the beautiful dresses and accessories along with the prints of Olivia's work. I would definately recommend this store to any woman who idolizes Bettie and any other classic pinup for that matter because this is much more than a shopping experience. Oh, and I absolutely adore my Tres Noir cat eye sunglasses I bought there!
4	I had a pretty good experience at this Bettie Page boutique, good enough that I left with a very cute, form-fitting dress.  The girl that helped me was really great, pretty as Bettie Page herself.  She was super-sweet and made my decision to purchase the dress really easy.  I'm curvy, yet petite, so I wasn't sure if these kinds of shapes would look good on me, but, sure enough, the one I tried on made my booty look great!  I had to take it.Minus 1 star for the standoffish attitude from the store manager (I was later informed that she was the owner's sister).  She just didn't seem very happy, which really brought down what should have been a cute and fun ambiance.
4	I loved walking into this store...it was like a vintage fashionista's wet dream. While I couldn't afford the brightly colored dresses or the more reserved pieces, I was definitely tempted by the very affordable corsets located towards the back of the store. I also could have had my pick of trendy pin up tees. I finally chose a BP alarm clock, since I could justify needing one (my old one had died days before).  As the cashier wrapped my purchase in tissue and handed me the handled shopping bag, I glanced at the back of the store where a sign entitled Bettie's Dungeon warned customers. Too perfect. I'll definitely be back when I return to Vegas.
4	Love the clothes!  Beware though, the sizing runs ridiculously small!  The prices are pretty steep, but for hard-to-find vintage style, quality clothes, they are somewhat reasonable.  Service was friendly but the first day I went I couldn't find the size I wanted.  I went back the next day to see if there was something else I could substitute and the saleswoman offered to call the store on the other side of the Strip that I didn't know existed.  This was great and wasn't offered the day before but as we were getting ready to leave Vegas in a couple of hours, this meant no dress for me (though the other store apparently had the size I needed).
5	I love this place!! The clothes is amazing and flaunting to all shapes and sizes. I don't mind paying over $100 for their dresses because I know they fit perfectly and the best part not that many people will be wearing the same dress! The sales lady who is also a pinup model was super helpful, she had me try on the navy sailor dress that I hadn't thought twice to try on...Well, it looked great on, that my best friend told me I had to buy it!
5	cute vintage inspired clothing that fits well. and this is coming from a vintage snob who usually snubs reproductions.i love how in the dressing rooms there's a pair of heels for you to try to the dresses on with. nice touch. the sales girl was super attentive and super sweet. the olivia paintings and sketches that adorn the walls are drool-worthy. after trying on a few hot little numbers i left with 2 dresses for just over $100! try and beat that, stop staring! and they both were replicas of actual dresses that bettie page wore!
1	This review is for the company all together. I live in austin, texas and there is no stores like this around here. So i order online... As all of you know these clothes are pretty pricey - so why is it I spent over 120 on an outfit and the following happens:package is delivered. yay, really excited!!! i open the package, pull out the bow print shirt - two buttons fly off immediatly from removing from the package... kinda pissed - but i got my shirt and thats an easy sew. buttons back on.  take out the high waisted black shorts - love them! i say to myself "tonight i am going to rock out with this cute ass outfit!"...later that night - another button falls off.. not one of the two that i had sewn on already - so a new button...screw it - deal with it later... i go to the restroom and the zipper gets stuck - i try being gentle an  show the zipper a little love while i worry that its not budging. VIOLA - the zipper had its own plan - it broke completely! i was in the bathroom for 10 minutes trying to fix the zipper in the stall. no can do - completely busted. so now im walking around with no button on the breast part of my shirt and my high waisted shorts completely open looking like white trash.. i was nearly in tears and so embarrassed i had wear a stupid cardigan all night to cover everything up in the wonderful texas heat!i also have a few dresses from the site that somehow a 5'2 bernie dexter wore perfectly (as she always does cause shes beautiful - but thats besides the point) but when they arrive to my body theyre ridiculously long! and im 5'3... shouldnt they be a bit shorter? so now my 130 dollar dress cost an extra 25 to be hemmed.the fabric on all my clothes from bettie page clothing are cheap. i kept giving the company the benefit of the doubt but after my disastrous night out - never ever will i ever order from them again.and by the way - i wore the bowtie shirt again last night - guess whos sewing a button on right now? yep - that would be me. i have one original button left.
5	GAAHHHH! I just got the cutest outfit from here and I plan on wearing it until holes appear, even then I'll just stitch it up and continue wearing!They have everything you'd want in a replica vintage store. The dresses are so cute and the slacks are even cuter! I dare you to go in there and pick out an outfit, try it on, and not buy it. It is like parting with a little kitten someone lets you hold on to for a minute. I ended up walking out of there with three pieces of clothing. The clothes are a little bit on the expensive side ($35+) but it is totally worth it to reward yourself with a couple pieces of clothing. Did you help someone smile today? Reward yourself with some clothes. Did you say "Excuse me" when you burped? Reward yourself with some clothes!I'm telling you, you'll not want to miss this store...especially if you love vintage styles.You deserve to indulge, so why not do it at Bettie Page?www.bettiepageclothing.com
3	Great, blast-from-the-past styles, although I dont think the quality is that great.  Still, I bought 3 dresses that fit me perfectly.  One was on sale, the other two were full priced and ranged from $70 to $120.  But, I had a 20% off coupon that I got from the coupon booklet available at the Miracle Mile customer service desk, so the damage to my pocket book was not so severe.  I found the sales staff to be helpful, but not overwhelmingly so.  My mother did just as much to get me different sizes while I was trying on clothes in the fitting room.
4	I like the concept.  However I'm a pretty small woman and I suspect the dresses wouldn't have fit me.  But I don't have a 1950's full figure.  I'm lean and well muscled.I should have tried one on, but the material didn't feel amazing.But the purses, and the glittery stuff.  It was all really pretty.
4	This spot is so tiny. I love the old school vibe that you get right when you look at their window displays. There are some real cute vintage styles here, especially in swim wear. I definitely have to go back to try on some more things when I have more time. Fun shop. I came a lil before closing. I didn't want to keep them since I wasn't sure that I would be making a purchase. Anyway, I love their bags and things too. I'll have to come back asap. But for the short time that I was there, I received good service and the girls weren't trying to toss me out. They were patient. THANKS.
5	So cute! What a great boutique to shop pinup fashion, but don't be intimidated if you're not a typical retro girl. The classic styles offered at Bettie Page don't have to look like a costume. This brand has a done a fantastic job at finding the harmony between modern and retro. So even a fashionista like me can incorporate a pinup dress from Bettie Page without looking like I'm wearing a costume. The store associates are gorgeous and provide great inspiration for wearing the fashion. If you need a cute party dress that won't break the bank but will make you look sexy and compliment your curves, then you have to try Bettie Page. You can be retro without looking like you stepped out of a time machine.
5	Love this place! Excellent quality and cute clothes!
3	The dresses are wonderful and they range from xs to 3x. However, it is a painful experience every-time I shop there. The sales clerks are just too cool to help me.
5	I visited and purchases a few items on my first trip ever to LV. There is something for everyone, and one of the salesgirls was quite petite in terms of height as well as build, so it is not what one may assume in terms of target population.  Sizes do vary as one dress I bought is a small and fits perfect and the other simply cause of cut and fabric was a large. I am typically a 4-6 or a medium if it goes by size only.  I received lots of compliments in my dress when I wore it out at night and felt comfortable and a bit glam. The sales rack was wonderful with extra discount off the already sales price. Two dresses, and a belt for under 70.00 is not bad at all.
5	SUCH beautiful dresses and really nice helpful sales girls!  The Planet Hollywood location is a bit smaller than the Forum Shops one, but both have an excellent variety of merchandise in sizes that go from XS to 4X.  They are not exactly cheap but they're not too bad for unique, fancy dresses.At the PH store, the sales girls were great about setting me up with a dressing room so I could keep shopping and checking on me to see if I needed other sizes.  The t-shirts are sized smaller than the dresses, I could barely fit my DD's in there one at a time!  The XL dresses fit like a glove though (my normal dress size is 12-14, depending on brand).One of the dresses I bought turned out to have a part where the seams had come apart, and I didn't notice it until after I had gotten it back to the room, taken the tags off, and put it on to wear out that night.  It wasn't ripped, it was as if the seams were just never sewn together properly.  That's pretty disappointing for a $130 dress.  The next day was when we were due to go home and I didn't have time to get back to PH so I tried taking it back to the Forum Shops location.  Even though I had bought it at another location and taken the tags off, they had absolutely no problem exchanging for a nice fresh dress in the right size!  I fully examined it and approved the seams, and since it was still in the original plastic bag they offered to steam it for me.  Of course it was about to be crammed into a suitcase, but it was still nice of them to offer.I have been buying my pinup gear online at an internet-only store so getting to try things on was a real treat!  I liked it so much that I couldn't wait to visit their new store in the Mall of America on my trip last week to Minnesota!
5	I absolutely love their clothes! As someone who loves anything vintage, you can't go wrong with their clothes. They make some of the best reproduction ever. Their clothes are sturdy and are made well. That is something that is hard to come by these days.The clothes are pretty expensive but you get what you pay for with vintage reproduction and these dresses are made to last.I came to this store this past April right before Viva Las Vegas started. Although alot smaller than I expected, I loved it. They had a great selection of just about anything. The sales rack was huge. It was hard not Yo buy one if everything on it being that their clothes are so adorable. The sales people left you alone to browse which was nice, as it usually just makes me want to leave being hounded. There was a girl steaming done garments which was nice to see.I love this store and I wish we had one here in NYC.
1	I live in CA and I don't have a store that is really close to me so I ordered it online.I received a dress that was not the size I ordered. No big deal, right?You should be able to call the company, tell them the issue and they will fix it, right? NOPE!They left me a voicemail to call. When I did, I was greated by a very rude person (who mind you, called me and told me to call her back). She proceeded to grill me and ask why I was calling her.Again, I stated my case. She was very rude and very short with me the whole call. I couldn't believe it!The return took 8 MINUTES! That is impossible! After that, she told me I had to ship it back and they would pay me back for the shipping. No way. I made sure she sent me a UPS ARS label that is custom with just about any operating company.Needless to say, I am not only shocked at the terrible service, but the dress itself was pretty poor in quality. I should have had second thoughts when it said "NO returns, only exchanges!"Once this gets all sorted out, I will make sure never to order from them again.
5	i'm sooo glad we didn't have a lot time in here because my credit card would be moaning from all the abuse. adorable pin-up clothes, bathing suits, lingerie, shoes, and accessories line the racks and walls. the sales rack had lots of cute things freshly marked down, and the girls were very helpful and sweet.  guess i just have to hit Vegas again in January what a bummer...
5	I'm about as nostalgic for the 50's as someone can be for something they've never experienced. I'm certain I've over-romanticized it in my head and created a world where life was simpler because everything was a perfect little polished version of what we have now. It's likely because of this that I had the biggest, most juvenile grin on my face when we walked into Bettie Page.They had an awesome selection, at least to my undiscerning male eyes. Most aren't very practical, at least not for us east coasters, but I'm guessing you'd get a ton of use if you were into the Rockabilly scene in California (Yeah, that's what we think of you Californians in these parts!) or work as a pinup model etc. If it means anything, it's probably the only time I've ever been in a clothing store and pulled a half dozen dresses off the rack for Mrs Chris D to try on. :-DThe staff were aloof and indifferent... but their hair looked cool! Not like it really registered 'cause everything was perfect in the 50's and as such, there wasn't anything negative to notice. What's that you say about how poor service should impact the overall rating? Lalalalalala... I can't hear you.
5	I love retro inspired clothing and Bettie Page did not disappoint. I can't recall the last time I tried on so many things in one store. I would love to own and would wear 97% of everything in this store. As far as the quality of the garments they are on par with your normal retro reproduction competitors. Not as intricate and well made as most vintage dresses were in the day, but for the price which is more than fair I think they hold up well and you will never get so many compliments. Their sizing runs a hair big, they have a great selection of accessories from hair flowers and bows to Lux de Ville hand bags, shoes and parasols for those hot Vegas days. The staff was adorable and friendly. They did not pester us while we shopped but got a dressing room going right away for my friend and I. I kinda wanted to hang out with them later that night.  Crinolines are kept in the dressing room to try on with your frocks.I would love for one of these boutiques to be opened in Seattle. I think it would do well considering our big burlesque scene. And I would promise to buy at least one dress a month.
5	Every girl should wear one of these outfits for their man.They are stylish and fun.  There are varied vintage designs of dresses, tops and skirts inside.  The changing room is large.  The employee allowed me to enter with my female friend and there was even a little leather seat for me to chill out on while she dressed up in retro dresses.The service personel were courteous, attentive, cheery, and helped assist us find the right attire.Anyone who is a fan of old-fashioned America should enter this store, even with no intention of buying any of the clothing.
5	Hearts Hearts and more Hearts!  I LOVE THIS PLACE!  I love retro inspired clothing for a couple of reasons:1)  Quirky Designs2)  Subtle Sexiness3)  Length (I am tall so I can actually wear a dress here without showing my bum)I got the perfect little cocktail dress here on my trip and best of all it was on the sale rack!  I loved all the clothes that ranged from dresses, to skirts, to little tops.  They even have retro lingerie as well.  I would wear almost anything in this store.  Sizing to is very nice --- every thing from XS to XXL.  This store really does make you feel like all sizes are beautiful.
5	About a year ago I stopped into this shop for the first time and bought my first Bettie Page dress. The vintage styles are so fun and are wonderfully flattering! I've been hooked ever since. I've since bought dresses online but each time I'm in Vegas I make sure to stop into this boutique in the Miracle Mile Shops. The sales staff are helpful and if there aren't already shoes in the dressing room to try on with your dress, they will bring you a pair. On this occasion the dress I wanted was not available in the size I needed. The girls offered to call the other store.....wait the other store??? There's another one? Apparently there is another bigger Bettie Page at Caesar's. They called over, the dress was available and they offered to put it on hold for me. Thanks ladies!!! Follow me to my next review........
4	I was in town on business, walking up the strip with a coworker, and my wife texts and says "you know, if you have time, there's a Betty Page store at the Miracle Mile shops.  Oh, and Yelp says there's a 20% off coupon at the concierge desk."I ran over there and arrived right at 11pm, but the store was already closed.So, I zoomed over the next day before driving to the airport.The store itself is smaller than the only one I've been in (in Hollywood).  There was a small clearance rack, where I found a cute black skirt.I also grabbed two new collection dresses that I knew she wouldn't have.There was only one clerk working, but she was helpful in answering my questions.All told, I was in and out in 20 minutes, including parking.  As in most of Vegas, parking in the garage is free (though there's also valet.)Good shopping experience and even better, the dresses fit perfectly.
3	Oh Bettie.  I wanted to give you 5 stars.  I really did.  I was so excited to visit the store.  This was the one place I told my boyfriend we HAD to go to on our trip to Vegas.  Your clothes are the BOMB, fit my curvy figure great and unique.  The massive dressing room was way cool in leopard, red and hot pink with cute prints.  And you have the best shopping bags But I too had the experience of many other Yelpers did with your unfriendly too-cool-for-school sales staff.  I felt like I was being evaluated by them and did not make the cut.  Even after it was clear we were there to shop (and buy) and not just gawkers.  But no.  Still no love from the girls behind the counter.  So, 5+ stars for the actual merch and 1 star for the staff averaging out to be 3 stars overall.
4	Wow! I wanted one of everything! Amazing dresses and the shoes...oh the shoes and accessories.
5	I love their clothes mainly dresses left the store spending close to 400 dollars BUT it was so worth it!I live in the Bay Area and I'm aware they have one in San Francisco definitely going back to stock up on more dresses FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS STORE!Great customer service.I was in there with my boyfriend and of course had to try on the dresses before I purchased she set up the BIG fitting room and allowed both my boyfriend and I to go in which was a total PLUS for me!Thanks again Bettie Page Store for the AWESOME service and BEAUTIFUL dresses that I purchased Definitely RECOMMEND it.
5	I discovered this shop on Yelp and was thrilled when I happened by it on a last-minute shopping trip before I went home. The store makes vintage-inspired new dresses that are to die for! I bought the most amazingly flattering cocktail dress that instantly became my favorite purchase for the last couple years. Absolutely go to this store if you like vintage styles! It's amazing!
4	Adorably cute, neat swing clothes for the hipsters in your life! The staff will search for your particular size and color preference. Lots of pin-up artwork, makeup, accessories, lingerie and jewelry for those little gift needs!
5	I really would have bought the whole store if I could have!This is the epitome of me!  I love the pin-up girl style and I think it has to do with suiting my body type.  Every single dress I tried on fit me perfectly, the style just flatters my body type.  That made it that much harder to choose!The great thing about this place is it doesn't matter whether you're petite or plus size, they have the whole range of sizes.  Most of the options are dresses, which is just fine with me.  The girlier the better!  They did have a decent selection of skirts and cute little crinolines (in an array of different colors) to put underneath.  The staff was also very nice and helpful, plus they looked the part with cute pin up charm.  I know it's dumb, but I enjoy seeing the sale staff looking the part.  Although two of the dresses were a bit more than I'd like to pay, I justify it by being "timeless" and something I'll wear for a very long time.  The third dress I got was a cute little summer dress I felt was fairly priced that will fit nicely into my fun summer wardrobe.  Well, let's be honest, all of the pieces will fit nicely in my closet!
4	I love walking into a boutique clothing store knowing that the clothes will actually fit my figure!! It's like having your own closet to pick and choose from.I was also glad to be able to see this place in the flesh so I could try on the dresses and know what size I am. This way I can order online without worrying about whether I would have to return the items!There were a ton of fun dresses of many styles and colors.  The folks at the counter were just dolls too!
4	-Cute, retro classic style of clothing. Perfect for the curvy, full-figured gal!-Pricey! Most dresses were $130-plus bucks.-Service? I never see anyone working in the store when I wander in. I think they hide behind the curtain.-Several 1940's style of shoes to accompany the classic apparel they offer.-If items were more affordable here, I'd probably make many purchases.
5	This place is amazing! As a girl with curves it's hard to find clothing especially dresses the hug your curves with out making you look bigger than you are. I must confess I've ordered stuff online from them as well as was throughly impressed. People tend to thing they're pricey but I found them rather cheap compared to other retro pin-up clothing stores. The sales staff were super attentive & gave me suggestions on what would look good with my frame. I will def be hitting up this spot in Vegas next time I come. It really is a gem
5	Almost missed this hidden gem as I walked thru the mall.. its packed full of goodies and I had to stop myself from buying way too much. They have little take home goodies for people or all out dresses and outfits to glam outGreat staff and layout.. a must stop
3	I was happy to see that Miracle Mile had a Bettie Page store. It allowed me to bring my girlfriend back something other than drunken stories from my Vegas trip.The selection was decent. I was pretty impressed by the overall design and feel of the store. Unfortunately, the employees weren't too helpful. I'm not a big fan of being ignored. When I was finally able to flag down one of the girls working there, she informed me that the shoe size I needed for my girlfriend wasn't available (they don't carry half-sizes). I was told to pick half a size smaller because the shoes 'run big'. Guess what? The shoe didn't fit her when I returned home. Also, they failed to tell me that there were no returns or exchanges on shoes.A+ for their merchandise; C- for their employees.
5	This is the gem of the Miracle Mile. Out of all of the Planet Hollywood shops, this is my favorite.  I had such a good time in here trying on dresses and rompers and more.  They all have a unique appeal and accentuate your finer features.  The dressing room area is a little tight, but workable.  The salesgals were all smiles and happy to help.I will definitely come here every time I am in Vegas and will always hit up a Bettie Page store when I am in a city with a store.  Believe me, we need MORE!
5	Bettie Page Clothing does it again! This is the third Bettie Page boutique I've been able to visit and it was great. It's the smallest of the three I've been to (Hollywood and the other Vegas locale) but they carry most of the dresses. They have more dressing rooms though. I'm glad I went this weekend because they were having a sale and I finally bought the perfume as well as another dress and pantyhose. Loved it!
5	Lots of cute, retro dresses in flattering cuts. I always get a lot of compliments on anything I've bought here!
3	We made a special trip to the store, so after fighting strip traffic, 30 min. trying to find parking and another 20 min. walking we made it there. The staff was very nice and helpful. But the clothes were pretty ill fitting so with sadness I left empty handed.
2	I was so excited to go shopping at this location since I've only been to the one in San Diego and I love Pinup stores.  However it was not a great experience.  The sales people were not friendly or helpful.  I didn't feel welcomed even though I was there to shop and not just look.  I picked out an item and she asked me where I lived.  I said California and she asked me why I was shopping there when I could get things for cheaper in LA!!  Not a very smart thing to say to someone that is there to buy.  I do love the clothes, shoes and accessories that the Bettie Page store's carry, but she's right I probably could find cheaper things where I live.  Anyways...I still bought what I went in for - shoes and a belt for the evening.  So 4 stars for what the store carried, but 1 Star for the their sales people.
5	Oh. Em. Gee. Bettie.For all you looovvvvvvvvvvers of the rockabilly look, you have have have have HAVE to go into this shop.Yes, it's a wee bit overpriced. However their sales rack isn't!The skirts are a weird shape, or maybe my ass is a weird shape? Well whatever your size you are bound to find something in here for your body shape.They go up to 4XL - and they to small sizes. They have everything in between. How can a girl not love this shop?Oh and dahlinks, they have the cutest and most darling brollies!!!! AHHH!!!If I could steal everyone's credit cards and shop here for the rest of my life I'd be one happy chicky. Oh yes I would. So anyone want to donate their CC to me yet?
5	Melissa was AMAZING, she was so patient in helping me find a dress and shoes and never showed impatience in me not liking some dresses lol if you're looking for a dress and want help with fittings and ideas, come to her. blonde short haired pretty lady :)
4	Oh I just love the clothes here. I mean LOVE them. Wish there were more shops like this in Ireland. I do greatly dislike how expensive the stuff is, but it's such a niche you either want it or you don't! & believe me I want want want.The shop itself is bright & airy & the sales assistants are lovely! Go visit it if you're into the rockabilly scene!
5	I'm trying to learn all about the Rockabilly lifestyle,  I'm learning the differences in swing, rock, and true rockabilly. It's all a bit confusing.... but hey, I can look fabulous while I'm learning, right? Half the fun is to look fabulous, right?Well this is the place to go to glam up your two-beat, rockabilly style. They've got a plethora of pin-up style dresses, and sailor style outfits. They've also got the cutest purses and matching shoes, all in the classic, throw-back to Betty Page style. Prices are high. Almost all the dresses are over $100, most in the mid $100. But I think its worth it to be able to try the outfit because most seem to favor a curvy figure.Anyways, its a super cute store and definitely a destination stop for rockabilly fans. Now if I could only learn how to do a victory roll. :-)
2	Six months ago it would've rated 5 stars.  Sadly the name as well as the stock has changed.  A lot of the charming decor seems to be missing.  After bringing my younger daughter here, I was excited to bring my eldest here but she found nothing interesting enough to even try on.  Truly miss the old Bette Paige store!
3	This used to be the Bettie Page Store.  After some legalities ensued regarding the licensing of miss Bettie's name it is now named the Tatyana Boutique.  A very fatal business move on all parts I say.  I will admit that personally I only thought that about 25% of the designer dresses for the Bettie line were fit for her name.  Not that they aren't all beautiful garments, because they are, but to hold miss Page's name only the cream of the crop should have been selected.  The rest could have held their own with the Tatyana name brand certainly.  This used to be a one stop for all kinds of different types of items.  Now it is more focused on the dresses shirts and blouses mainly.  The store is somewhat lacking that flair and charm that it used to have adorning Bettie and Olivia artwork all over the walls.  It's still a neat store to take your girl for a special occasion dress if you want her to look like about 20 other girls at Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend!
4	This is an awesome store so many cute cute items. It took over the bettie page store that was there last year when i was in vegas. Same clothes and similar prices. Outta my price rang at the moment but once i make more dough, ill have myself a little shopping frenzy! The girls who were working there when we walked it were super sweet and helpful.
3	The former Bettie Page store USED to have great stock and one of a kind finds. During my last visit I was looking forward to stocking up on merchandise I saw my prior visit. Unfortunately the merchandise is no longer what it was. The revamped store has potential but it's not putting it to use. I'd hate to see this place go under.
