4	Another in my ongoing series of places my teens like better than I do. Iguana Mack's has a casual bar-roadhouse atmosphere. The menu is an odd mix of burgers, BBQ, Mexican, Italian, and a lot of other stuff thrown in. The diners were all younger than I. But I actually liked this place. First, they had this chicken puff pastry with paprika cream sauce thing that was delicious! Second, the wrap-around patio is awesome, and Third, they have a foosball table. Pretty cool.
2	Iguana Mack's is a lot like Guthrie's Tavern in Chicago: drinking mixed with board games. However, Mack's has a Southwestern slant and is geared more toward the college-aged crowd.Sundays are industry night, and drink specials are determined each hour by spinning a wheel'o'deals. It's a novel concept but becomes annoying when a Girls-Gone-Wild-type announcer yells the drink special over a crappy wireless microphone. And most of the drinks are silly cocktails and beers a 21-year-old would enjoy.Our server seemed new at her job, coming to the table without knowing the total for our drinks, hovering around and interrupting our conversations. She even talked to us DURING a round of Scattergories. Don't break my concentration, toots. I play to win.On a side note, Mack's has TONS of outdoor seating. If the weather's nice, the patio is wonderful. And if it's a bit chilly, the outdoor area is heated by a fireplace and propane burners.
3	My opinion of Iguana Mack's is limited to dinner and the drinks I had with dinner. The prices for appetizers and entres are about average for a bar/restaurant.  I wasn't impressed by anything special in the dcor, but it was kept up nice and appeared fairly clean.  I came on a Wednesday night, and the place was pretty packed; it was tough to find a parking space!  The outdoor seating area was packed with sports fan watching the latest game, and the sets broadcast the events at full volume.  It's definitely quieter inside, for those not interested in watching a game during their meal.  Service was a little slow, but there's a lot of ground to cover for one server!  My drinks were ok, as was my dinner, but they were nothing to write home about.  I'd come back, because there's not much better in Chandler.  However, they did just open a Dos Gringos next door to Iguana Mack's, so maybe a diner considering this place should think twice.  Especially if that diner's a vegetarian who likes the noise level at medium or quiet when he/she dines...
2	its walking distance for me so sometimes i break down and have a beer on their porch, but the service is generally awful and dont even think about eating there.
4	Yea, Iguana Macks and 4 stars. No I have not lost my mind and no, I do not think Iguana Mack's is the Mary Elaine's of Chandler. The four stars is for a variety of things. Mainly, I am looking for an inexpensive week day restaurant where I can get a dinner with a side and a salad a few drinks and some dessert and be under $50 for me and the espousa  and Iguana Macks does that and it does it quite well - everything is really fresh, made on the premises and done well. Service is quite nice, always helpful and quick to put in your order. Odd being served dinner by an 18 yr old in a tube top and sparkly eye make up but I make do.  So how does one consider going to Iguana Mack's for dinner when the game, a pool tournament and the canned beer crowd is in full swing...Here is the strategy. First, get past the beer crowd, yes it is extensive and there are days when it is unclear where the parking lot ends and the patio begins but leave behind the $2 can beer and the pork sliders and step into the restaurant. You will find a nice selection of dinner options. They have changed the menu, added a few more pasta and salad choices. They have been offering homemade soup for lunch. They claim their rib eye beats Ruth Chris's, I don't know if I would go that far..but it a very nice aged piece of meat that is well seasoned and comes out just as you ordered it and for $16 that is really tough to argue about. The bread your meal starts with is hot, fresh, and made that day. They make their own salad dressings and they make their own desserts, at least the pies. I have to say I really enjoy their dinner menu and if you can get past the patio and look away from the pool table crowd, you will have a great week day meal. I have always had really nice service..Again it is Iguana Macks and it is 4 stars. So, put down your $2 can beer and grab yourself a dinner plate!
2	Ah, Iguana Mack's. There are so many words that are on the tip of my tongue, but they are far too explicit for a virgin yelper's eyes, so I shall opt for the "sugar-coating" route.If you are a fellow Chandler resident, you can truly empathize with the fact that there aren't many bars to choose from (atleast, not to my knowledge). Being a closet alcoholic, I want to choose a bar that's atleast within a ten mile radius so I can sober up, and drive home without attracting a cop's attention. (Warning: Do not attempt to try at home.) Occasionally, when Tempe seems miles away, and Scottsdale isn't even an option, I go to Iguana Mack's with my friends.The first time, I had a joyful experience. The bar was packed, the alcohol was flowing through my bloodstream, the packed, small dance floor seemed appealing, and the liquor impaired my taste in men and dancing partners. However, when I decided to go to Iguana Mack's again, I realized how horribly slow the service is, and how inattentive the bartenders are. I decided that it was endurable, and decided to give Iguana Mack's another shot - I adamantly believe in equality and justice.Can I say RUDE, RUDE, RUDE? Horrible, horrible service. The food is mediocre, at best. I suppose when you're boozing, you aren't overly particular about your choice in foods. I would have had an alright time if it weren't for the rude servers.  Other than that, this place is happening, by Chandler standards...it's densely packed on Thursday nights. However, I'd rather risk a couple more miles and go to Maloney's in Tempe.
2	Mack's used to be our preferred late night stop.  When my friends and I all worked 2nd shift, this was the best neighborhood bar we could go to.  I'm not sure if it's management and staff changes, or if it's the new Dos Gringos that opened up next door, but something about Mack's just isn't fun anymore.  Service: Spotty at best - if you can find a server when they are busy, they make you feel as if you should be apologizing to them for bothering them.  They are great about clearing empty bottles and glasses of the table, but try to get a fresh drink - you are better off wading through the crowd and going to the bar.Food:  The food is still good, but again, the service isn't - so unless you are ok with cooling food and waiting for a while, it's not really worth it.  Crowd:  Not sure what happened here, but the douche bag to human ratio has spiraled out of proportion.  It was always a biker type place, with plenty of normal people mixed in.  Now, it's full of obnoxious guys in polo shirts with popped collars who think groping you on your way to the bathroom is just good fun.  It may be that the frat boys are getting lost when they try to head to Dos.  Sadly, while I will still meet friends up there on occasion, it's not my first pick anymore.
5	Went here for dinner on Sunday, and had a blast.  I love a good burger, and I was really happy with my experience at this place.  It's a roadhouse type place, casual, jeans and tshirt type place.  They have a couple different seating areas, and I sat at the bar cuase it was just me.  But, they also have a dining room, and a patio as well.I was really happy with the service when I was here.  My server was amazing. I told her it was my first time here, and she went through the menu with me, telling me what some of the popular dishes were. I ended up getting the BBQ burger with no bacon. Instead of just slapping fries with it like all places do, I actually got to choose a side.  I went with cheesy potatos!I will be returning here again, as its a nice, relaxed atmosphere without comprimising service or decor.
2	Iguana Macks can be a great reality check. If anything, it will remind you how suburbanites in the rest of the country get down. Take any themed tropical bar, ala Rainforest Cafe, that you might find in Bakersfield or Indianapolis, and throw in a dancefloor and some Buck Hunter - and ta da - you have Iguana Macks!We found ourselves here after a cornhole tournament died down a few neighborhoods away. This place is quite the mob scene on weekends and feels as if half of the singles in Gilbert and Chandler are up in here wearing their evening best -- whether it be from Wet Seal for the ladies or guys sporting black/white caps over their brows ensembles from TapOut. So you have a few choices:* Try to engage in some mind-numbing small talk with the regulars.* Be among the first (because no one else in the club is drunk enough) on the dancefloor to the local band doing mid-90s alt rock covers.* Or hide in the corner with your friends, and avoid everyone while sharpen your Buck Hunter skills.We tried those three options in exactly that order until we couldn't take it anymore.
5	I ate a pie out of the display case here while totally shithoused once.They found out and berated me, but didn't kick me out.Now that I'm sober, I look back on my antics and realize someone should've smashed me with a barstool, but Iguana Mack's had patience.For that, five stars.
4	Iguana Macks is one of those place you hate to love. Almost any night of the week is full of the usual suspects. It gets really busy on the weekends. There is a good mix of people and I've never seen anyone feel out of place. I love the patio, good people watching. Inside always feels a little too crowded. Unfortunately they think that specials should only be reserved for Red Stripe (or Red Piss as I like to call it), ugh! The bartenders are some of the coolest I have ever met. The waitresses on the other hand.... With the exception of one or two, the waitresses suck. I'm not even sure why they are there. Most of the time I think that they are other patrons hanging out until I see one carrying a tray. Security here is really cool, too. They've always acted appropriately, and on occasion have given us slack we didn't deserve. As I only come here to drink at night, I have never eaten anything here but it must not be that bad. Macks is owned by the same owners of the Chandler institution known as Riga Tony's, which has a longer history in Chandler than I do. There is a dining room and the few times that I have been here around dinner time the place has been full. And I believe that the kitchen is open until 2am. Many nights they have live music. Sometimes out on the patio or on the stage inside next to the dance floor. And sometimes both. If you're ever in Chandler you'll know that the pickins is slim in the bar department. Macks is never a bad choice if all you want to do is have a beer and chill.
4	Comfortable place for a casual drink after work. Pool tables, golden tee, and friendly bartenders. Always treated very well here with excellent service in the bar, as well as restaurant. *The holiday celebrations here--St. Patrick's Day, Cinco de Mayo, etc. are the best in town.Lively crowd on Friday and Saturday evenings.
1	My review is based on a weekday lunch, so my experience is necessarily different than the after dinner drinks crowd.  The best thing about this place was the Coke. Aging clientele, utterly bland food, lackluster service, and tacky decor all combine to make this one experience I won't be in a hurry to repeat any time soon. There are so many better options nearby, starting with the downtown Chandler/San Marcos complex.
3	The only thing really good at Iguana Mack's are the Freedom Dip and pies. Everything else is usually a miss. I love the freedom dip though it's a steak sandwich dipped in au jus sauce.
5	I get to Iguana Macks everytime I head to the East side.......The food is awesome......They got a relaxing enviroment for after work...or a pumped up party for the evening or football.....And being I am a broke  $%^&'er I really appreciate a good happy hour!!!!
4	I really like Iguana Macks.  The food is very tasty.  My dog likes sitting on the patio and getting her special dog plate.  The only complaint I had was with the service which needs a bit of work.  There were not many people on Saturday (noon) but it still took a while before drinks and food arrived.  Overall, it's a great place and a place where I can take my dog out to eat.  4 out of 5 stars.  Very reasonable prices too!
3	This isn't Beverly Hills or even Scottsdale, OK people? This is Chandler and Iguana Mack's fits right in just North of the head shop and a little South of the 99 Cent Store. There's nothing wrong with just getting down with your bad Chandler self and having a glass of white zin over ice at Iguana Mack's. Best things about Iguana Mack's: 5. No matter how I'm dressed I don't have to change or even put on make-up to go there 4. Watching the people of Wal Mart guzzling a margarita like it's Dom 3. Observing the weird dynamics of the frequent office happy hours that are hosted there 2. Onion strings....mmmm....... 1. DOGS WELCOME! Worst things about Iguana Mack's 5. Service really sucks....slow on a good day. Slow AND hostile on a bad day 4. It can get very uncomfortable if you make eye contact with a drunken WT soccer mom 3. All the bikers revving their motorcycles right there not 5 feet from the patio 2. Tables are so uncomfortable....I know its supposed to be rustic on the patio but anyone ever heard of a cushion? 1. That lady from marketing told me she was going to email me pictures of my dogs from the Halloween Costume Contest and SHE NEVER DID!!!Bottom line, it ain't Morton's but it's better than Chili's!
4	I have been coming here for about 6 months. It is a great place to hear live music from blues to acoustic guitar on the patio. The chicken wings are 8 out of 10 and the waitresses are from 5 to 9 on the service but generally overworked and pleasant. They did however just raise the 25 cent wings on Thursday nights to 30 CENTS.  Ow well its still a bargain. I am there.....
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):n/a Food9 *Drinks*10 Service8 Atmosphere10 ValueThe bartender was quick, didn't mind some custom orders, and was accurate.  2 double captains & 2 froofroo drinks = $20?  Yes Please.Didn't eat, so I can't rate that.
4	I'm a fan- It's a nice get away from the Scottsdale bars I'm surrounded by and seems every time I go in there I happen to run into someone I know. Kinda like my own, "Cheers" type bar. After a few visit to start to figure out there are quite a few regulars. The girlys that work there rock and the bartenders are pretty friendly and pour a stiff drink for sure. The food is not too shabby, and the overall crowd is pretty cool. You really get a variety of all types of people there, so you will definitely fit in.Last but not least they have a good selection of micro brews to choose from as well, just have to check out their specials.Cheers!
3	I don't always frequent Iguana Macks, though its close to my house. When I do, service is sometimes its great, sometimes it sucks. When I say it sucks, I mean, there is a video camera in the bathroom and it can sometimes be hours before a waitress looks in your direction even though you.. and your table, are waving at her. Its a nice place though and there isn't anything there that would make me not want to go back. That's why the 3 stars.
3	Its alright! Food is good! Your usual town bar! Dos Gringos is just next door! I only will go if there is Happy Hour with a lot of my friends! Kinda took awhile for our waitress to notice my drink was almost done before she came to ask for more!
4	I wish you could give a place 1/2 stars! Iguana Mack's has great food! I love their sandwiches; they are all really unique and different from your traditional lunch places. Oh and they have tatter tots, I miss those from elementary school!Their food deserves 4 starts! But because the service is usually pretty slow and I have been forgotten about at least 3 times during the lunch hour, I think they deserve at least a 1/2 a star less.If you stop by for lunch you have to try the Sirloin Sliders, they are very filling and come with an Au Jous, if only it was the same au jous as Riga Tony's their sister restaurant! But it is still pretty good! Their Club has alfalfa sprouts, which is weird, but it works! And they have a really tasty Ruben! A good place for lunch, but not if you are in a hurry!
1	Can't tell you about the food.  Never got waited on.  Don't have enough time left in my life to wait around for someone to wait on me.  Two waitresses came into the section, looked at us and never came back.  Manager offered to get us coffee, then never came back.  Just walked out.  Only recommend you go there if you have many years left in your life to wait around.
2	okay food and crappy service.  I'm sorry to know that they also own Rigatony's which initially  made me think so much better of this place.
3	Went here for happy hour on a Friday afternoon. The waitresses kept the drinks coming and were always more than happy to accommodate us. The $3 happy hour typical bar food was pretty good too. We had some kinda peppery hot wings, waffles fries and calamari, which surprisingly was not rubbery at all. After the reviews here I was expecting to wait forever and be slapped around for asking for another drink but neither happened so it was a good night.
2	Pet Peeve #1 - When Yelper's give an establishment a bad review based solely on service issues alone without staying to eat. If you didn't even eat the food then are you really entitled to write a scathing review? ...knowing this...I'm about to piss myself off and break my own rule...because I'm going to do the exact thing I hate; as described above. Damn me. My brother and I went out on a week night a while ago for some reverse happy hour grub, and just so happened to cruise by this place. Upon seeing the uber-cool iguana wearing sunglasses on the sign which instantly reminded me of those cool 80's IZOD shirts, we knew we had to stop. Sadly, upon entering the place just had this grimy look and feel to it, the kind of feel you get when you stop at a Dairy Queen in some one horse town on the way to Vegas. The experience that followed is summarized below: -We park and enter the front door. -There is no hostess or visible employee anywhere. -We wait for a few minutes trying to figure out what to do. -Still no employees around...we wander the whole place...and to our shock do not find a single waiter/waitress/hostess/bartender/cook anywhere. -We go back to the front room, standing there confused about what we should do. -Wait five minutes. -Walk around again...still not a single employee of Iguana Macks to be found anywhere. -Leave to find a better establishment...in this case...Applebees. (Which is saying a lot because I hate Applebees.) ...can someone explain how a restaurant/bar like this can be devoid of any/all employees around 10 o'clock? I was tempted to go and ask one of the inebriated bar patrons, but it just didn't seem worth the hassle. I would have liked to try Iguana Macks; but sadly wasn't given the chance. It shouldn't be a challenge to eat somewhere...an establishment should be courting you for your business, and this was the complete opposite. Now the bigger question is this...where were the employees? Some of my theories: -An all at once employee weed smoking break -They were transported to an alternate timeline and are now living in a parallel universe where they work for a classier restaurant. Kind of like 'Lost' for wait staff. -Employee Orgy ...eh, who knows...but I'm just not too jazzed about going back to try this place. It left a bad taste in my mouth and I didn't even have any of the food; that's saying something.
4	A bit pricey but very good food.
4	Awesome job with Chandler Chamber lunch club today. You served 60 people quickly and thoroughlly. I am considering bringing you 25 lunches every 2 weeks. Keep up the good work.
5	Awesome happy hour and awesome bbq and food!! Has a great patio to boot
4	I went here for a monthly Meetup group on Monday night 9/20.  It is held in the back banquet room.  I am new to the group so it was my first time there.The food came out very slowly so that several people were left sitting while others were eating, but that is not the fault of the servers.  It was Monday Night Football night so I'll chalk it up to that, though the restaurant didn't seem that full of football fans.The 2 (maybe 3?) female servers were great.  There were 22 of us and they were very helpful and responsive.  I asked for the A/C to be turned down for about 20 mins. because I was too cold.  They did it right away and it came back up right around 20 mins. later.  (How many times do you go to a restaurant and they tell you nothing can be done about the A/C??)I had the Mediterranean/Greek salad with chicken added in.  It was very good.  A big portion, so I took it home and ate the rest for lunch the next day.  I would definitely order that item again.The servers did a great job of keeping everyone's orders and separate bills straight, not an easy task.  They were very pleasant and helpful and I left a 3 dollar tip because they deserved it.  I hope others did the same.
4	Good hummus, and sampler platter.
4	OK.. this a long time coming! We have been going to this place since Chops and City Limits! (GOD- how I miss the City Limits days w/ Darrin and Lisa tending Bar!)We have been to Iguana's a few time; It's close to the house and it's not awful! I know- not a raving review.. so why the 4 stars??IMO above average Menu choices and Bar food. Good HH drink prices and HH menu prices; The Mrs's and I can have 3 drinks each- split 3 HH food items and get out if there for about $30..And normally we have have good service in the inside Bar area.In a nutshell- I'd take guest there for a drink and grub! Yes, outside patio can be loud and smokey- BUT FOR GOD's SAKE; it's a bar!! Voice your disappointment! If you have crappy service- Flag down one of the Polo Shirt Wearing managers walking around! Reviews are right! the have different (odd) theme night when the waitresses dress in differently, no set uniforms so they are hard to find in a crowd. Sometime they all wear IM tee's.
4	This place is pretty cool. We went by on a Saturday and was pretty busy. Had live music outside in the bar/patio area. we sat inside in the bar/lounge area and there was also a full dining room as well on the other side. Fun atmosphere, music, TV's. Service was really good as well. what i really liked was the extensive menu.. im a girl who is all about options and this menu gave me more than enough. Apps, salads, burgers, sandwiches, steak, chicken, seafood..pretty much every category was on this menu. i highly recommend the wings..they were absolutely delicious. The sweet sauce they come with was effin' addicting you wanted to find something else to did it in after the wings were devoured just to eat some more of the yummy sauce. We got to fish entree's..came with warm bread and oil as well and salads before the meal. Everything was really good. im really picky about my fish( its something you either get right or horribly wrong) and it was good which if they can get fish right everything else should be just as good. def will be going back here to try out other things on the menu..and those damn addictive wings swear they put crack in the sauce..
5	If you have a Birthday go here! Great live music.  You get any domestic beer for $1 + your age in cents.  I spent 1.30 a beer! sweet right...well it gets better.  You get this deal 3 days before your birthday and 3 days after plus half off well shots if your down with that... 2 thumbs up from me! Oh yeah and it's right next door to Dos Gringos another cool bar.
4	Great grub. Get the veggie pizza as an app, outstanding. The food is a cross between Fridays and Denny's. Biscuts & Gravy to steak sandwiches on ciabata bread. Highly recommend it. Robert Pfeifer
3	I went here last night for dinner and drinks. Let me start off with the good. Place was nice and big and very crowded. I had the Patty Burger it was dry and the fries were not cold more like luke warm. Had it been cooked the way it should have it would have been a great deal for $6.75. I also ordered Captain and Coke $5.50 which to me is a bit pricey but it was good and they do free pour. I think next time I will try the Happy Hour I hear so much about and maybe it will be better.
4	Having not eaten here since this was Chops, I decided it was time.Very pleasantly surprised! Pub food with a cajun slant.Things I didn't like: The decor, the seats, the darkness, or their logo. Staff being in street clothes was a little confusing, I almost elbowed the busser when he reached across the table for an empty plate.Forget all that. The food was really good!The meal opened with fresh ciabatta bread (w oil/vinegar) and side salads loaded with cheese, bacon, eggs, tomatoes, carrots, onions, etc - or not! They customized each one! Other places would call this a cobb salad and charge you $6+ for it; here it was included with our entree.The sirloin slider appetizers are basically little mini french dip sandwiches. Shaved beef w jack cheese topped with crispy onion strings and served with both creamy horseradish and au jus. This is a meal unto itself.The sweet potato fries were thick yet crispy, crispy not greasy tater tots, and Sour cream potatoes au gratin were just a few of the scarfable potato sides, and they have non-potato sides too!It's been ages since I had a blackened catfish that I would recommend, and here it is at Iguana Mack's! Nice charred crust without over cooking the fish. Not too much cayenne or rosemary in the seasoning, nice balance of flavors! Like I said before, recommended!Looking forward to coming back and trying some of the other menu items.
4	SO this is my favorite local hangout, especially for Happy Hour M_F- they are good for many things... and before 9pm, its a family friendly place, in or outdoors!  Best happy hour in the East Valley by far and an amazing patio with live acoustic jams from 6-9pm. Then after 9, if you want to get a little crazy, they have an indoor DJ that spins house and a mix of 90's/80's.   I will say it can be a bit amateur after 10pm, but if you're hanging on the patio, its always a great time.    Make sure to order off of their 3.00 Munchie Menu for some cheap eats that are fabulous!!
3	Went to IM's for the first time because we bought the Groupon.  Had great service up until the end.  Took over 15 minutes to checkout.  Our server couldn't get the manager to redeem our groupon.  Meanwhile the manager walks over to another table and was talking to them.  The server then asks the manager to redeem the groupon (personally I don't think she asked her in the first place).  At this point we haven't seen our bill yet.  We finally got the bill and we needed change.  Server had no change so she had to get it from the bar.  Ugh...it was just a mess.Oh, and she told us that we weren't in her section, so then when here section was not busy she forgot about us.Food was good, but I wont be back for a while.
4	Headed to iMac's again for HH (Happy Hour)- gotta say; GREAT value!! We have a total of 4 appetizers, 6 drinks.. The bill was $36!! HH service is fair, as with most bars during HH. The only downside was the Jose Cuervo Hoochie's that past me up and didn't drop off any shots!!..And that's not iMac's fault....I blame the Hoochies!!PLUS- use the YELP Smart Phone app and check in.. get a beer for a buck!!
3	I had a groupon that I paid $15 for $30, great deal, and have always wanted to try this place, so Megan and I went there on Saturday night.  I got a pulled pork sandwich with slaw and some sweet potato fries.  Megan got the steakhouse red, a pasta dish.  My sandwich was ok, and the fries were great.  I have never had sweet potato fries, and have always wanted to try them.  Our salads were great, fresh, just enough dressing.  Megan's meal, on the other hand, was just plain nasty.  She picked out the meat and ate that.  I tried it and didn't like it either.  I would try this place one more time, but would never order that meal again.  Take my advice, don't order it either.  I'm not kidding, it was just nasty.
4	Awesome service always! Get a coupon for dollar beer when you check in on Yelp! Great patio with misters. A definite must for the summer!
3	Went to Iguana Mack's on a Monday night, manly looking for a place to eat because the oven/stove unit in my place was broke and dangit I was starving. A friend and I wanted something that we haven't had before and didn't want to go far from where I lived, so we went to Iguana Mack's with no idea what we had in store for us. Everything on the menu looked temping, I settled on the Freedom Dip which was roast sirloin with caramelized onions, pepperoncini peppers & Muenster cheese (oohhh my fav cheese) comes with au jus & horseradish sauce, the horseradish sauce is creamy and so dang good!! Loved it!! The roast sirloin wasn't as tender as I had hoped it be, I do love roast beef dip sandwiches, and was hoping for the melt in your mouth kinda of feeling but that wasn't the case, but other than that the sandwich was good, for the side I ordered the sour cream au gratin potatoes, now that was heaven, reminded me of my mom's dish she makes! We both ordered the chocolate cream pie, which was still frozen so to me it wasn't as good as it could have been.  Can't say my experience with Iguana Mack's was a bad one, but not sure if I would go out of my way to go back, but glad to have tried it out.
4	I think the decor could use some work... the seats are old and the tables rock a bit... and the drunks get a little sloppy after 10, but the food is pretty tasty.Everything from the burgers to the pasta jambalaya... yum. Even though it's a bar, and bars aren't often known for their steaks, I recommend trying to prime rib on the weekends.Oh, and if you're lucky enough to snag a slice of blueberry or apple pie, you better not hesitate!
3	It's actually a little pricey for the portions.  We got the chicken fried steak which was really good, but not that big.  So, I was a little disappointed.  But overall, the place is nice and staff, friendly
4	Good food. Good service. Worth going back for. Portion sizes do fluctuate a little.
4	They have a great outdoor patio with live music before 10pm and a DJ after 10pm indoors, so get ready to dance all night! Sat nights they have $2 Miller Highlife, not a bad deal :)I have yet to try their food but have been reading on here that it's good! But I will definitely be back for the live music, dancing, and cheap beer ;)Fun place!!
4	Blue Moon on tap..........checkDivey bar-ish atmosphere...........checkFun decorations on the wall (such as Redneck Road).......checkOutdoor patio with live music..............checkMotorcycle parking on the sidewalk.............checkDelicious fish tacos.....................checkCute waitresses....................checkClose to home.................checkWhat more can I say?  Decent joint for some local vittles and suds.
3	this place is chill and they have a makeshift dancefloor outside. it has a good yelp check in deal. fun environment but sometimes it can be too chill or too crazy.
4	I would give it a 3.5 but the amazing happy hour deals give it that extra .5 stars!  I have never seen our alcohol tab so cheap!! If you "check-in" on yelp you get a beer for just $1! My boyfriend got the shrimp po boy and I had the fried catfish while we watched some monday night football.I must say, we almost decided to just get the appetizers since they are cheaper during happy hour!  Our main dishes were soooooooooooooooo big omg!  We also had the calamari appetizer and I don't know what we were thinking. So much left overs. My fish was really good, I wish it came with rice... the fillets were giganticcccc.  My boyfriend also enjoyed his po boy---all in all, a very good experienceSit outside if it's warm enough!.
4	Get out your Yelp smartphone app... and check-in. You know why? Because every time you do... you will receive a $1 domestic beer. That is a big deal when you are looking to booze it up on the cheap and don't want to get hammered alone in your car. Again, this is EVERY time you check in... not just every 2-3 times like other places.The food isn't bad. I haven't ate here in a year or so but when I did, it wasn't bad. Now, it's not your 5-star food, but it is pretty good for bar food. And it can be totally on the cheap if you go at the right times. I will have to update when I've had the food more recent.Now, the people. Honestly the ages range all over the place here. I've seen couples in their 50s come here... and then the I-just-turned-21 crowd. Everyone seems to get along. Fairly good looking staff as well (if that matters to you).The place. This is kinda dive-bary. Kinda. I personally like it. About a third of it is outdoor and mostly covered. They have heat lamps out there when it is cold. I'm not sure exactly what days... but I've seen beer pong tournaments, spinning wheels for drink specials, and all sorts of wild things happening here. There are a few pool tables even. And the walls are laced with random things to gawk and laugh about. The bathrooms were actually pretty good last time I went, especially for a I-cant-aim-Friday-night-drunk-fest. There was a bathroom attendant there, who was pretty cool - and more dressed up then the Scottsdale clubs I've been to. You sir, are dapper.Parking. Alright, I hate parking here in Phoenix. Downtown it is a mish-mash and some shady looking places. I never know where to park down there. Scottsdale, you better show up at 7pm, or plan on parking valet. Mill is OK, but you might have to walk a bit. Here, there are essentially 3 fairly good sized parking lots for Iguana's and Dos Gringos (next door). I had no problem finding a spot at 11pm.Overall, this is a nice little alternative to Mill and Scottsdale. The people are much more down to earth and it is much easier to take a cab home if you need it. Plus, if Iguana's isn't doing it for you... you can always check out Dos Gringos right next door.
2	oh iguana macks....your food isn't awesome and your specials suck now. What happened to you. i live right behind dos and iguana and we used to come all the time for ladies night for the $1 drafts which are no longer in effect. the service is usually below average IMO.  it is rare if we go there now and the last time we went i learned of their no longer awesome deals so i can tell you right now my presence as well as my boyfriends will be even more scarce then we already were. I am a female and will give you my opinion straight forward since i don't have a penis between my legs. And no i am not being a hater or whatever I am just being severely honest so be prepared.  The waitresses are not that cute....Ive seen good looking women and i have seen gorgeous women. They are average. OKAY?Now food. I think the only thing decent here is the seafood paella even tho it seemed burnt to the skillet. SWEET. :|The shrimp Po' boy sammich is PATHETIC.pulled pork....PATHETIC(compared to mine)i should not have to add more sauces to make it edible.Mine i could eat it all day without adding extra things to make it mouth watering delicious.I haven't tried their pies only because i am sure they would fail against my baking in a heart beat of a bite. Baking is my Forte and they would loose miserably...I'm Just Sayin.So iguana macks....Peace out.
2	What Happened to Iguana Mack's?  Gotta be new management that has no idea how to run a business like this. Went there on a Monday night after 2 months of not going there. Sat on a patio that you normally have to fight for a seat. No music after years of live music, no music not even on the speakers.  One waitress with an attitude.   Almost none existant service.  Instead of being packed with neighborhood people it was mainly loud drunk low lifes.  They have chased the local clientele away and appeared they killed it.  Too Bad!!   I loved this place.   We got up after a nasty hour and went to Dos Gringos next door.
1	Sad to say this place has tanked.  I used to come here weekly since I live within walking distance.  In the last 6 months,  I have been disappointed to the point where it takes about a month for me to come back and give it a try again. Alas this may have been my last time here.I went to Iguana Mack's in the morning(11am) on saturday. I sat at the bar(we were the only ones at the bar) and ordered food, appetizers and drinks.  The bloody mary's were awful - they tasted old or if the tomato juice was rotten. We saw a family sit down and attempt to locate a server.  After about 10 maybe 15 minutes they left after no one came to their table.  We waited over 30 minutes for the appetizer.  After we were told the appetizer would be right out when we brought it to the attention of the bartender we waited another 10 minutes before paying for our drinks and leaving.  Excuses don't do anything. 40 minutes without the appetizer and much less our meals is hard to justify.
2	Not my favorite spot. It looked promising walking in, there was live music, but too loud so decided to eat inside. Each food and drink  item we ordered was disappointing. This included wings, and some kind of Asian tacos, and a handful of mixed drinks.  Service was pretty bad as well. Our initial server never came back to check on us after our order was taken.  We  had to flag down other servers walking by each time we wanted something. Probably won't be back anytime soon.
3	Very good food. I was pleasantly surprised.  Had a salad, it was delish!
2	Loud music all the time, unpleasant/ non attentive waitresses....but the food is decent.The only reason Ill go here again is if one of my friends chooses it for something they plan.
2	Food ok. Good variety of beer. Cops everywhere! If youre drinkn have a designated driver or call cab.
5	New management, New menuwe have been 3 times and food was awesome all 3 times!  great service, cool outdoor patio.  Great Happy Hour specials.  We'll be back!
4	The brisket and drunken shrimp are great.  live muic was fun on patio.  New owners have done a great job with refresh and menu.  New servers are nice.  Price was right
2	No more hummus app or yummy bread? $7 for Captian which is the same price as Crown? Place was dead on Saturday and Dos had a line of people waiting to get in there. What happened?
2	Too bad about this place. Was once lots of fun. Original owner (owner of Rigatoni's) sold to an individual who put a couple bucks into it and it took a dive. From what I'm told a successful Scottsdale club owner bought it, dumped some decent money into it and it was looking up... Few months later and its falling back into disrepair. 1 bartender working inside and outside bar. Request to tab out pretty much ignored. I've wanted this place to take off again as much as the next person. Its just not happening.
4	Decided to come here because I found out they do trivia on Mondays.  I came in late but I was still able to join for trivia.  This place is a bar/restaurant with an eclectic feel.  There are random objects and frames on the walls.  Menu items were very reasonably priced. The soft pretzels are one of the best I've had.  I ordered the fish and chips and you get a lot of food for your money. The waitress (Bonnie) was very friendly and attentive.  Overall, it was a good time.
2	Been here once and it's okay. If I had a choice I would prefer dos gringos next door
1	I usually do not leave bad reviews, but this time I feel it's needed. I have been here two times now and the service is just bad. The first time I walked out after never being seated or even acknowledged.  I thought I would give it one last try a few nights ago and went back for dinner with my girlfriend. No one acknowledged we were even there, we waited for about 15 minutes and finally sat ourselves. After 10 more minutes of sitting and being ignored as waitresses walked around us, we finally got up and left. I would like to comment on the food, but since we were never served I can't. This place really needs new management...
3	Geez, I've been here about 60 or so times and never reviewed. I guess I used to frequent it back in its "Prime" (about 5-6 years ago) but it seems... sad lately?So, the food is down home delicious cooking. I cannot complain here AT ALL. I do recommend coming here for lunch if you want some comfort food. The Prices are super reasonable. The crowd is laid back. No Scottsdale pop your collar crowd here - late 20s to 50s to families (during the day). The service? Meh. Again, years ago it was one of the things I liked about this place. People hustled! For me? It feels like a bad break up. The nostalgia is gone and I am not sure what to do with them anymore. If you're in Chandler and want to EAT and drink, I say try it out. Oh, and Dos Gringo's in next door when you're over it.
3	Hummus and delicious bread are back! Waffle fries too. Not sure what happened earlier this year. Happy hour prices were good but that was beer only. Not sure on drinks.
3	The food was greasy, the service was nothing special, and the drinks were blah. I wouldn't recommend them, but their happy hour is reasonable.
1	I don't know where to start with this place. When we got there, the place looked really unorganized and dirty with crumbs on the seats where we sat. Next the waitress seemed like she didn't want to be working there and was completely rude! I then got my salad that looked old with watered down ranch dressing. We were waiting for a long time to get our entrees and once we got them it was cold and was not tasty at all!! I will never be coming back here again the service and the food was horrible!!! If I were you I wouldn't waste my time and money coming here.
4	If you want a chill, relaxed place to hang out, go here. You can sit inside or out. There's recorded music inside and often a live performer or DJ outside. The food is always tasty even if it's just typical bar food, and the service very good. Everyone is super nice there.
3	Was here a couple of weeks ago for a friend's benefit. It was really great of Iguana Mack's to give the space up for them. It was pretty busy, so service was slow, but that's to be expected. I was enjoying my company so no big deal. All I ate were french fries, and those were pretty good. All in all an ok place.
5	I've been here a couple of times and I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  There is outdoor seating at the outdoor bar (two things I absolutely love), but unfortunately there is smoking out there.  That's the only thing I didn't love.  They give you bread with an aMAZing oil and vinegar with herbs in it before dinner.  SOOOOO yummy.  I've tried a couple of different things on the menu and the food has always been good.
2	Well it's been several years since we have eaten at this restaurant. Not since the rigatoni's people owned it. We used to enjoy this place quite a bit as the food was good, patio ambiance was nice, and the service is usually spot on.Only one Sunday afternoon tried again with the new ownership and left a bit disappointed. As mentioned above, the Trinity of restaurant experience of ambiance, food and service are necessary for good experience; however, if one is missing, and drastically missing here, experience is just marred.We took a seat on the patio and were not greeted for 15 min. yes 15 full minutes sitting alone like hobo Joes. I kind of felt like leaving and going next door to dos gringos. The server finally approached was far from enthusiastic seemed like almost annoyance to her to be waiting tables this afternoon. Almost zombielike, probably just hung over. In fact all the service staff that I viewed seem to have this zombielike hangover.Anyhow, I asked her about the bloody Mary's and they were good as I assume they should be a roadhouse and she said, "the other awesome this bartender makes a really good." I smiled and happily agreed and waited in anticipation for this bloody Mary of greatness. She left and we see her again for almost 15 min. which is absurd. When she did come back to the table she didn't have my drink she just wanted to take the food order simply said, "you ready?" Not much the menu lead huh. She took our food order and didn't offer an appetizer before leaving so I had to call her back to order one. Still no bloody Mary.When the bloody Mary did arrive we have been seated for about 27 min. yes 27 min. to get a drink. What's more disappointing is how awful the drink was. I'm not particularly picky as I felt you can't really mess up a bloody Mary but they sure did. Came out in a small plastic tumbler glass and literally tasted like tomato juice with barely any spice in it and no garnish whatsoever. It looked really sad and tasted sad. What really pissed me off was about 15 feet away there was a couple of guys seating at the bar who have bloody Mary's in glass pint glasses with a salted rim and a bunch of garnishes with some celery stalk and you can see from the color of the drink that it was made like a bloody Mary. REALLY!! It really sucks and I totally felt cheated. Restaurants without consistency drive me crazy. A Big Mac in Boston is the same as a Big Mac in San Diego. Your drinks and food should be the same. The food runner or cook came to our table with an appetizer of sliders and said, "your sliders." I told him that we an order that that we ordered shrimp and he said, "what you mean?" I found that almost comical statement as it reiterated to him that we had ordered shrimp not sliders. About 5 min. later shrimp came out. This is where I have a hard time deciphering between two and three stars for this place because the food is really good. The Cajun shrimp drunken appetizer was outstanding. I even thought of ordering one to go for later on.I had a Rubin and my mom had meatloaf. My mom's diabetic and can have a lot of sugar and the meatloaf came out with huge blobs of barbecue sauce on it. I'm not sure that was my mistake and I didn't read the menu correctly but I don't think I would have missed that. Anyhow we scraped off the barbecue sauce and my mom absolutely love smoky flavored meatloaf she commented about three times how good it was. My Reuben sandwich also was very good with an ample stacking of meat which I appreciated. Coleslaw was obviously fresh and had a good flavor but lacked the will of the seasoning and punch. Again food was outstanding. No doubt about that.After the appetizer was served I had seen that they have Corona light on tap so I ordered one. 20 min. to get a beer and I was nearly finished with my meal when it came. This is stupid.The only other negative was that the facility needs a bit of a facelift noticed was the same furniture from four or five years ago and it's starting to show.Bottom line I probably won't go back because I can't deal with atrocious service.
1	What a horrible experience.We were looking for somewhere close to home to drink at. Chandler isn't that exciting but we were hoping that because of all the amazing reviews and the fact that it was Happy Hour that Iguana Mack's would be decent. We were sorely mistaken.As soon as we walked in we were assaulted by someone belting Adele on karaoke. After the initial scare, I started to smile. Drunk people doing karaoke is usually very entertaining. So we went to the bar to enjoy the show.The bartender was hard to get ahold of but when we finally did, he was gruff and didn't even card us! It's not like we look old, we just turned 21 last month! And he made us the worst drinks!!! Apparently ordering anything besides beer is a set up for failure. After the drinks, we were ready to leave because this place was already becoming irritating just from the bartender. Unfortunately we had already put in an order for appetizers. Those were just as bad as the bartenders drinks. The karaoke wasn't funny because they MC's were old and unattractive. They were trying to be funny and saucy but they just ended up sounding perverted.Definitely not going back there!
3	Decent food, friendly but slow service. Went here on a Saturday night to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday. Our server was super friendly and went out of her way to help us surprise our friend. Drinks and food were both decent but slow. Our waffle fries took so long to come out that they comped them on the tab without us even asking or complaining. Oh, and I didn't have it but another friend said the coffee was terrible. Tasted like it had been brewed that morning and microwaved when she ordered it.I'd say the main issue at play here is the service. They were friendly enough, just disorganized. Took a long time to get drinks, food, or any attention. There didn't seem to be anyone acting as a host or  hostess to seat people. We were there during a shift change and got passed off to another waitress, which was fine. However, I did notice that 2 hours later the waitress who was supposedly off shift was still there, and she said she had been since 10am (It was after 10pm). Also, there was no real way to distinguish who the waitstaff were if you needed something. It was apparently 80's night so all of the waitstaff were dressed in 80's garb. Nothing to distinguish them as waitstaff- no shirt, no pin/nametag, nothing. Not a bad hangout, just be prepared to wait, wait, wait for everything, at least inside. Outside at the bar it was a different set of waitstaff/bartenders so the service might have been faster.
5	Great food and friendly staff! Don't miss karaoke on Tuesday's, it's the BEST!
3	The fries were great. I sampled the hummus and it was pretty good too. The staff is friendly but is pretty slow. That said, the staff did comp our fries after they came out about half an hour after every else's food. Without even having us complain!The alcohol selection is pretty good. One thing that did rub me the wrong way though. For a Yelp check-in I got a coupon for a $1 domestic draft. I've always interpreted domestic as in country. Apparently Kilt Lifter, from Four Peaks which is a local brewery, is not domestic. To the owners, maybe just say "excludes craft beers" on that bonus.Overall I'd say the place was a decent hangout during happy hour. Outside can get a bit loud but I'd go back if wasn't on the other side of the valley.
3	Food was excellent, but service was lacking.
4	Friday night, that's when we went.  And it was BUSY outside on the patio (where they had live music and a smoking section) but indoors it was average.  We were in a room that was pretty empty, but once we realized how big the restaurant was and how many tables were full elsewhere, it softened the fact that service was slow (as indicated by many other reviewers.)  We were there for 2.5 hours for drinks, appetizers, meals, and desserts.  Service was slow, yes.  But our server was soo nice, and the servers seemed to have NO problem helping each other out.  We never once got a sideways glance or an "I'll go get her" when we asked or something.  We went with my 67 year old demanding mom and 4 kids (ranging in age from 7-15) so we surely required a little attention.  The staff were all amazing!Now, the food.  We got a little bit of everything between us.  And most things were good, pretty darn good, or amazing.  The sirloin sliders were the ONLY thing that did not fall into this category.   Waffle fries - AMAZINGWings - pretty darn gooddrunken shrimp - pretty darn goodOriginal Mack Burger - goodFreedom Dip - pretty darn goodHard Knox Club - pretty darn goodFish n Chips - AMAZINGBrownie - pretty darn goodCheesecake - goodSkillet cookie - pretty darn goodIt was an enjoyable night.  I wish it was closer (we live about 20 miles away) because we would love to go back more often!
4	The lunch specials here are a steal. For $7 you get a hefty sized main course, 1 side, and a soda or tea. They have a good selection of items, such as various sandwiches (e.g., pulled pork, dipped beef, fried fish), quesadillas, or an all-you-can-eat soup and salad meal. We arrived here on a Sunday where they have all day happy hour which includes appetizers for $5.50 as well as discounted drinks. We decided on the jambalaya spring rolls, and the bearded dragon wings. The jambalaya spring rolls came out sliced long-wise, which was pretty unusual, but worked out well since you could taste more of the crispy egg roll skin more in each bite. The filling itself was good, but there was mostly shredded chicken and cheese with a few chunks of Andouille sausage. The shredded chicken and cheese itself didn't add a lot of texture to the appetizer and made it a little mushy tasting on the inside. The dip that went with the spring rolls was decent, but very sweet. We started dipping the rolls in our leftover bearded dragon sauce and they actually ended up tasting better together than with the sweet Ho-chi sauce.The bearded dragon wings were very good. The wings had a nice crisp crust, covered in a hot wing type sauce with a hint of sweetness. We decided on the freedom dip and pulled pork sandwich lunch specials. The freedom dip had nice, tender slices of beef with melted cheese and crusty French, er, Freedom bread. The dipping sauce was good, not too salty. The pulled pork sandwich was a hefty portion of pork, with smokey slow-roasted flavor. It had just the right amount of bbq sauce and a generous portion of tangy crispy coleslaw. Service was cheerful and friendly. Drinks were refilled as needed. We came in with a Groupon, and the only thing to note is that if you order the lunch specials, the $7 deal won't count totally towards the Groupon. If you use it, they will add the drink separately to make it "un-special" since daily specials won't count towards your purchase. Still, we got a good deal regardless. Our total without the Groupon was a little over $26 including tax for 2 appetizers, 2 meals, and 2 drinks. I probably wouldn't have eaten here if it weren't for the Groupon, but now that I've seen that you get a really good deal for the portions and quality of food you get, I'm definitely going to make more visits to Iguana Mack's! They also have a dog friendly patio, which will be perfect for outings with the dogs!
2	Came in for a few drinks with co-workers after workTHE FOODBar food. Not bad, not exceptional, just as expected.SETTINGLarge inside and outside sitting, quite comfortably spaced, although outside can get pretty crowded with people standing aroundSERVICEErrr.... what? Waitress that was serving the table before we sat at it simply did not acknowledge our existence for the rest of our visit. We had to ask for service twice and even then we got drinks from the bar on our own before anyone came to serve us. Food was served fast at least, but paying took some time as well.SUMMARYIf it's a convenient location for you and you have numerous co-workers that you need to meet, this will work. Just don't expect anything special or any amount of reasonable attention.
2	I went here the other night with a party of 6.  As we walked up to the front door, we walked through an outside bar area that was playing live music.  If we didn't have under 21 year olds with us, we probably would have sat outside.  So we proceeded to go in and were greeted by an empty hostess station.  We continued to walk passed the station and were finally greeted by somebody and we told her we were there with a party of 6 for dinner.  She quickly told us we could sit in the dining area, the area ahead of us, or the bar area.  My husband told her we'd like to sit in the bar area and she then tells us that it's closed.  OK, so why did she tell us we could sit in there to begin with?  We chose not to sit in the bar because of the under age that were with us.  So we pushed two tables together and there we were.  A waitress comes around to take our drink orders.  So we were actually talking to somebody that had no personality whatsoever.  She leaves and a good amount of time goes by before we actually get our drinks.  Then it's time to order dinner.  Holy smokes, if that wasn't something else too.  Again, no customer interaction it was like talking to a robot.  Orders were placed and basically that was it.  We never saw her again until food was coming out.  Even my daughter was commenting on how terrible the service was.  And prices are $10.00 easy per person.   What brought us in was a Groupon.  It was worth paying the $15.00 to get $30.00 worth of food.  But honestly, because of the poor service, I don't know if I'll go back again.  As far as the food goes, it wasn't too bad.  I ended up getting the Freedom Dip which is their version of the French Dip.  The kids got burgers and sliders and my husband ended up with the Club sandwich.  I was very impressed with his choice.  As I now read other Yelpers comments, I see that my service issue is a constant there.  Too bad I didn't see them before.  Probably would have made me not come here.  Sorry Iguana Mack's.  But it's going to be awhile before I come back.
2	The trivia nights here are pretty fun. Check it out on Mondays @ 6:30pm. The food is decent. It seems like bar food so it isn't anything special. The service sucked and was slow.
3	Food was ok, what you expect from a bar/grill. Was fairly priced and overall clean.We tried their new apple chimis, which were pretty much amazing. We would go back for another round of these and desserts.
5	I love Iguana Mack's!  The atmosphere is fun and the employees are great. They have great drink specials and their food is always great. They always have events going on which keeps things fun as well. I love coming here with friends!
4	We really, really like this place.  Went went for lunch and had a really good time.  Our waitress, Ally, was really cool and very personable.  We ordered the waffle fries as an app, but they could have easily been an entree.  Waffle fries covered with melted cheese, bacon, tomatos, and green onion, as good as I have had.  My girlfriend ordered the American Dip.  This sandwich was huge and could have easily made a meal for both of us.  I ordered the Rueben.  I am a Rueben lover so I tend to be a little critical.  This sandwhich was very good, however it could have used a little more corned beef, which always seems to be the problem wherever I order one.  We had 3 beers, two sandwhiches and an appetizer for around $34, very acceptable in the price department.  We will definately go back sometime.
5	Great food and great people. Need I say more. I like the quesadillas here and the staff is so nice and took care of our party well. Thanks Iguana Macks. BNI Goldminers
1	Waited 10 minutes out on the patio (we brought Max, our mini-Schnauzer, along to go to dinner. Nobody showed up )-: We left and decided to try The Hungry Monk instead!
5	Awesome place to watch any sports games! The place is alive with a mixed genre of people of all ages 21 & up. Great energy and always fun. Good music and dancing! K.C. Chiefs bar as well! Gotta love that!
1	I have been forced to come here many times as I am part of a networking group that meets here. I have been to a LOT of establishments in the valley. In regards to how the food tastes....this among the worst tasting food in Chandler. Awful awful awful food!
1	Asked for a menu bartender asked if we were ready to order to which we said no due to needing more time. Bartender then proceeded to take the menus as if its common for people to change their mind on ordering food. No thanks on trying the food here if that's the case.  Will not be back.
3	I've only been here once and I would go back again. The atmosphere is chill and it's not THAT far from my house. The Mac N Cheese is AMAZING and the drinks were consistent and delicious. Downside-only one pool table and the clientele while I was there was-for lack of better word-EH. lol But this is a cool place to go when you're not looking for something too ostentatious.
2	I came in on a Wednesday night to watch the suns game and boy is this place depressing. Super slow service, the bar tender was more concerned about gossiping with coworkers. I waited ages for an appetizer. This place used to be good wtf happened?
1	This place had over priced food that was very below average not to mention a Camara that is working and records in the men's room!! WTF drinks tasted very weak STAY AWAY
1	I have been to probably 40-50 different restaurants in Arizona. There is no place that even comes close to how awful the food is at this place. I understand it might be a cool spot to hang out at and maybe they have some good margaritas but you really cannot find a place that has worse food. DISGUSTING!
5	DOG FRIENDLY PATIO!!!My husband and I ate here on a Friday night around 7pm, just as happy hour was finishing up, so the patio cleared a bit and there was a band setting up. Our food was awesome - my husband got the French Dip Sandwich and I got the Mac and Cheese entree with a salad. Both entrees were so delish, the live music was really good (wish I knew name of band) and we had a very efficient server. We will definitely go back with our dog (who may get to order from the doggy menu if she's lucky)!
3	So I wouldnt have ever visited this place but a friend invited me to meet up with her while she was in town seeing family.. I ordered the city hot flavor chicken wings.. Its basically a buffalo style hot wing sauce, but tastier.. I was  impressed!  They run a great happy hour on their appetizers, its like $5-$6 each and full portions.. The sliced sirloin sliders with aus ju is yummy too! I have visited the place 4 times now, service 3/4 times kinda sucked but I like the food so go back. The bartender i had one time sitting at the bar top sucked. She ignored me the first 10 min I was there. I guess because I wasnt a guy to flirt with. The place is a very casual bar atmosphere.. Nothing pretty, but kinda a laid back chill ambiance. I wish the patio area  had a non smoking section also.The one thing I hate is they have non filtered yuck Arizona water!!!! It is HORRIBLE!! I cant even gag it down. So youre forced to order a soda or beer. I go for the wings but the service and most of the staff could be upgraded to better serve the customers.
1	This place has really changed over the last few years. It used to be a great place to go on a Saturday night, but now the clientele has changed, the music has changed, lots of things have changed and not for the better. It's definitely become ghetto. You can't really sit on the patio if you have any plans on having a conversation with whoever you are with. The DJ that they have outside just plays it all so loud that you can't hear yourself think. I live about 1/2 mile away from here and Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, I can clearly hear the DJ and the music when I'm in my house. We used to be regulars, but now haven't been back in about  four months.
1	I typically love their beer selection and their food..... Until this happened:Hi, I came in with a group of 10 people on Saturday March 22nd around 730-8pm.  We sat outside on the patio and our server was a young girl with pink hair.  I believe her name starts with a D, that is what the receipt stated.I am VERY UNHAPPY with my service.  I am a vegetarian and ordered a veggie quesadilla. I was served a PORK Quesadilla.  I even took a bite, not thinking about it.  She later came out and said not to worry that my veggie one was almost out.  No remorse, no apology.... I WAS SERVED PORK AND I ATE IT.This is not acceptable.  I live on Knox, very close to this establishment.  I am furious that this has happened.  I am also furious that the server didn't compensate me in any way for making a HUGE mistake!!!! I paid my bill, for my quesadilla but obviously did not tip her for doing such a terrible job. I would like to be compensated for the terrible service and for the huge mistake your employee made.She also broke a beer bottle next to our table and NEVER cleaned it up.  We had to step over broken glass to leave.  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!
4	Tried this place for first time tonight. The happy hour menu is great. We ordered some wings, which were quite tasty. We ordered some waffle fries. They were covered in cheese, onions, bacon and served with a side of ranch. The sirloin sliders and hummus came out next. The sliders were excellent and the side of au jus was yummy. The hummus was probably my least favorite, but still good. Washed it all down with a kilt lifter.  My couple of gripes was the service was somewhat spotty and the table was sticky. I'll be back!
4	If you want a unique little place to take friends or family Iguana Mack's is the place to go.  All day Sunday is happy hour and they have a dog friendly patio, they even bring your dog its own bowl of food and water.  The hamburgers are thick and so are the soft pretzels.  Great prices, at least on Sunday.  The food was very good, but not amazing.  Great place for a Sunday lunch.
3	Didn't go here for the food, but actually cause it was the closest bar to where I was house sitting.  Place isn't bad for happy hour and it is definitely a diverse crowd.  Service was ok and my bartender always knew when I needed another cold one.
4	Wow!!! The sirloin sliders were amazing!!! I am in severe shock. Last time we had ate here which was at least a year ago was nothing short of decent as far as food goes. But it seems as though the menu has changed dramatically has shortened in length which I'm okay with. Those sliders with the horse radish sauce onion strings and aus jus were so good that if you think that you dislike horseradish now will bring you into a new light you never saw coming. I have also tried their jambalaya rolls that are probably tied for 1st place but probably a smidgen below first which is the sirloin sliders of how good these things are as well. And mind you, I had not been drinking heavily to impair my senses and taste buds believe me I'm usually dd on a normal basis and I'm sober probably 90% of the year. The calamari was pretty good as well but I haven't ordered a basket to myself to see if I could down more than a handful and not get sick of it so still have to wait til I give that more time to sink in. The fish tacos were the only thing I was kinda disgusted by there was a really weird taste goin on and could not tell if it was the vegetables or the fish. One of the two just tasted off and not right. Definitely will not order that again. Kind of the lesson I learn for not sticking to the sliders. Those sliders are just mouth wateringly delicious to make you want to eat them all the time.
5	I ordered delivery the food got here quickly.  I ordered the Mack's mac n cheese and it was amazing.  The sauce is an awesome twist to traditional Mac n cheese with a southwest zing, Amazing!  I also ordered their golden wings which were also really good.  One of the best golden wings I've ever eaten.This place might be a bar but they have totally amped up their food if I could give 10 stars I would.
2	I have driven by this place for years and this was the first time I pulled in for something to eat and a cold beer!  I had second thoughts as I walked up to the place. The sidewalk out front is dirty, is obviously a used chewing gum depository and looks like it has never been power washed or washed down. I went in anyhow but had to stop by the men's room on the way to the bar. It was dirty, with graffiti scratched on various surfaces and is in bad need of paint, new caulking and a good cleaning. (Obviously didn't check out the Ladies room but I would guess it looks similar)! The interior is dark and dated but ....... I am not giving up yet! I sat at the bar and after a relatively short wait was asked by the bar tender if I wanted to order something; I ordered a beer. To set the scene, this is 11:30 in the morning and there is only 2 other people at the bar having lunch. I am ready to order lunch but the bartender does a "Harry Houdini" on me and disappears! I wasn't timing her but by the time she returned I only have a 1/4 of my beer left and I am thinking, "do I really want to eat here?" But...I am brave....I order the Famous Mack burger or whatever it is called (lunch menu is limited) and ordered it medium/medium rare. It was served in a reasonable amount of time and came with fries. The burger was pink in the middle, just as I had ordered, and was fairly juicy but lacked flavor and tasted more like something you would get at a fast food restaurant; the fries were good! I paid my bill and headed back to my car wondering if I would ever come back and then started thinking of the many restaurants that serve really good burgers and are clean and more inviting. BUT, I decided that I would give it one more try....... but only if  "Harry Houdini" comes back to life, tells me all his magic secrets and agrees to join me for a hamburger at the bar!!!!!!
3	I compare Iguana Mack's to Dos Gringos because they both offer outdoor gringo-y latin american atmoshpheres. I used to like Dos Gringos' food better but 'Dos G'" has declined so much in quality. It is overpriced and hardly edible. 'Iguana's food was OK. you know, bar food but I very much like the live music! 'Dos G's' music is basically top 40 over the radio so the music gives 'Iguana' a huge win. So if you like the outdoor gringo-y latin american atmosphere I would definitely go to Iguana Mack's for the decent food and the live music.
3	This place is ok. Not the best but it works for us when it's cheap food with two kids. We go during the day when its dead and we've had one guy server that's amazing and super attentive. Any of the other servers are slow and take a long time to get back to us. Also, it's hard to keep up with the changes when they've gone through 3 owners since we've been there. coincidentally enough, all named Mike.
