4	So I sold my washer & Dryer last week thinking I would turn around & buy another set right away, but alas I have not yet. So my husband & I had quite the stack of laundry piled up last night. I had every intention of heading out to a laundromat during the day, but found myself procrastinating because the last trip I made to a laundromat was pretty traumatic. So, I went out & socialized for a bit and around midnight I felt as though I had consumed enough tequila to brave doing laundry publically again. So I found the Laundry Lounge online that was 24Hours! The best part is that it wasn't totally across town! Not that it was super close, but Craig & Rancho is way closer to me than anything East of the strip. Since tequila was still my fuel, my husband was stuck driving & was a lot less enthusiastic about our "adventure", but was pleased by the safe neighborhood the mat was in. So we loaded up 3 of those huge Ikea bags full of our dirty clothes & off we went!We walked into the CLEANEST, quietest, and nicest laundromat I have ever seen! Their washers were in the middle, both the kind you see in apartment complexes and the stainless steel commercial ones and the dryers around the outter walls. The stainless washers cost $3.50 per load & the smaller ones $2. We loaded 2 large loads & one small & dried all together. The dry cost .50 total. We were in and out in less than 90 minutes! They have reasonably priced snacks, free wifi and a great location! I don't know if I'm in any rush to drop the scratch on a W/D set anymore...lol
5	Enjoyable place to do laundry in the neighborhood and open 24 hours so can go early. Also parking in the back.
1	I'm not really happy with the results lately. My last visit was absolutely the worst. I washed 3 different loads this time. I noticed for the second time that the machines are not extracting the water from my clothes as well as it could. Most of my things I hang to dry. With that said I dry my towels, linens etc. I usually separate them between 2 or 3 dryers depending the load sizes. This time (my last visit) I spent approximately $4 and my clothes were wet...Not just a little wet, but wet. I told the attendant on duty (female), who was playing on her phone... I told her how much I had put in the dryer and that my clothes were still wet. I also asked if the temperature on the dryers has been altered or need to be altered and she said "no" they were all the same. That did not really answer my question. I've dried quilts and pillows before and they dried just fine, and it didn't cost me $4 to do so. So needless to say I will be looking for another laundry. Just so you know this wasn't a spontaneous decision. I drive 5-6 miles to get to this location for the past 10 months for the very reason that I washed and dried my clothes each time to my satisfaction. Well, I'm on the hunt for a new place to wash, (clothes that is). If anyone has any suggestions I would be grateful. Laundry Lounge, you have lost a once satisfied customer.
1	Laundry Dump. I came here because Laundry Lounge implies a place you can relax while you do your laundry. $$$ implies you spend a little more for that experience. This is neither a lounge, nice nor worth the $3.50 per load. There's no sink access and that lounge part they advertises? Yeah it's a couple of white lawn chairs scattered about with a tv. I should have just chosen a regular laundromat because atleast my expectations would have been more realistic. Oh and this place is labeled "Laundromat" in a sketchy shopping center, NOT Laundry Lounge.  When we pulled up, we backed out immediately searching nearby shopping centers thinking surely this can't be it! So long story short, nothing special here, ghetto laundromat in ghetto shopping center. Should be $.
