3	This is a solid breakfast spot if you are looking for somewhere central to meet, right off the highway...I personally like small independent breakfast spots rather than chains.  Most people around here have been to a Cora, most of them are pretty similar.  What I like about this one, and why I go every few months is because it's a great place for a business meeting.  There's plenty of room, nobody's rushing you or trying to push you out the door, and they continue to fill my cup with coffee.They make a mean egg too.  The chain is pretty consistent in the quality of their food.  Compared to a Denny's or any chain like that there's no competition, Cora's is far superior.
3	A chaque fois que je vais chez Cora (car j'y suis forcee) je me dis que ca sera la derniere fois. Ca vaut juste pas le deplacement. Tout a l'air ben bon, mais rien ne l'est vraiment! Les patates sont nuls, pas de gout, pis molles a moitie croustillantes. Mes oeufs benedictines goutaient juste le sel, en plus qu'on doit demander le fromage en extra. Mon chedard etait tellement epais qu'on goutait juste ca. Je sais pas ce qui mette dans les smoothies, mais sont ordinaires: on dirait de l'eau avec quelque fruits. Ca goute toujours la meme chose!  En plus que le sirop d'erable est payant. 3 etoiles car honnetement le service est toujours A1, les serveuses sont trop fines et rapides. Il faut leur donner ca!
2	I'm giving this place only 2 stars because I did not enjoy the food.I ordered a sandwich made out of French toasts, inside it were ham, eggs, and I think Swiss cheese. It came with a side of fruits. The whole experience wasn't there. The food was "blah". I tried to add some authentic maple syrup ( 50 cents a pop) to revive the whole thing but it was a major fail.    Thank God that I had ordered a side of potatoes. That's basically all I ate.My friend had a panini made out of a crepe. Inside it was eggs, bacon, mushrooms, and cheese. He had potatoes as a side instead of fruits. He also ordered a mango banana smoothie. He on the other hand enjoyed his good. No complaints.I personally enjoy breakfast at little neighborhood joints. The food was tasteless and not worth it. I will not be going back to Cora unless I'm forced to go!The service was amazing. Our waitress was a rockstar!
2	I love Cora's..but this particular location always serves cold food! I'm never fully satisfied with the food from this particular place and all other Cora's I've had satisfies me after eating.  Also,  service is terrible simply because most of the waitresses dont understand English.  They know French only and the language barrier alone makes for a bad experience.
