4	I love to eat here because of the outdoor seating. It's quiet with a nice outdoor bar. I feel comfortable bringing my kids here, but can see coming with just adults too. Great variety of wings and a nice staff too.  Unlike most QS&Ls they do not deep fry the pretzels. I'm sure you can ask for them that way if you want. They also don't crisp the wings as much, so if you like yours crispy ask for it and they will be perfect.
1	Just had the worst lunch experience here.  Arrived at 11:20 am and ordered the steak (medium) and the grilled shrimp with tails on.  It took 35 minutes for our food to arrive and the steak was well done.  So they put another steak on to replace the well done one. The grilled shrimp consisted of 6 very small boiled shrimp, not grilled, no tails. Received the 2nd steak, which was cooked properly, 20 minutes later.  Finished my lunch quickly as my companions were already done eating.  Then sat and waited for our waitress to bring us our checks. 20 minutes later the checks came.  Two of my party paid with cards.  The waitress came back and said that the machine was out of paper so she couldn't run the cards from her station.  She disappeared for another 20 minutes. This was a 2 hour lunch fiasco. We were told that there were only 2 people cooking at the time but we could see at least 10 or 11 people on the floor wandering around. This place will definitely go on my 'never again' list.
1	I love the QS&L in Concord. The wait staff is great and very accomadating. Have never had any issues there. The Pineville location is so terrbile. They have ghetto fabulous written all over it. The wait staff walks aroung like they are lost and have nothing to do. The wait staff are dressed in the uniforms but they look sloppy. They charge extra for every little thing you ask for. The wings are so drenched in sauce they are soggy by the time they get to your table. We waited 15 minutes before anyone came to our table and in the end we had to grab a waiter. The worse experience I have ever had at a restaurant. I will make the drive to Concord for the better experience. I do not recommend Pineville location. Go to Concord.
2	I got a good deal on a Groupon for the new Quaker Steak & Lube so we stopped in for a late lunch last week.  There were only a few patrons in the restaurant at that time.  It was so slow, in fact, that it seemed that we were a bother to the hostess because she really couldn't seem less interested in seating us.  Thankfully, our server made up for her shortcomings, plus some.  He was fantastic.  Very attentive and very personable.If only the food was as good as the service.  Ugh...such a let down!  I ordered Mild Wings.  The sauce was ok, but the skin was too soft.  My son got the Medium spiced wings and he said that they were ok, but that he's had better.  My husband ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and said it was acceptable.  Nothing special, but not terrible either.  He also got a small order of Cajun spiced boneless wings.  I tried them and the flavor was NOT appealing to me at all.  The one saving grace for the entire meal were the onion rings.  A tad too salty, but perfectly crispy and not greasy.  My son and I liked them very much.The decor is a bit gaudy, but I'm fairly certain that's by design.  I'm glad that we were seated at a booth because the plastic lawn chairs at the standard tables would have been very uncomfortable.  The only downside to the booth was that I was a bit grossed out by how filthy the framed picture was that was hanging over our booth.  It looked like some kids smeared their dirty hands all over the picture.  Seriously, it was disgusting and it even had an odor.  And speaking of odors...there was an odor in the restaurant that reminded of me the remnants of water damage.  It was really off-putting.So...it wasn't a good lunch at all and we won't be back.  It's a shame because the concept of the restaurant is cool and the menu "looked" great.
1	I enjoy(ed) going to the Concord QSL, so I was glad when I heard they were going to attempt another QSL in the South Charlotte area.They remodeled the exterior, so it looks really cool.  I dislike the interior.  It is just claustrophobic to me, for some reason the ceiling feels lower than it was in "Saltgrass". Plus, there is a Corvette and a NASCAR race car hanging from an already low ceiling.  I still don't get the cheesy plastic outdoor chairs for seating.Anyway... Stopped in for lunch one afternoon by myself.  They weren't really that busy.  After I was seated I waited about 10 minutes before the server stopped by my table only to tell me she would be right back to get my order... not even bothering to grab a drink order.Ten to fifteen minutes passed since that interaction and still no site of the server!  With that said, I walked the hell out!I like having a restaurant that I can get in and out in under hour since my "lunch hour" is a critical time frame!If I do decide to give it another shot I will update this review ... until then choose wisely!
1	Tourist Trap...My family was staying nextdoor at a hotel during a vacation and we wandered over to this restaurant since they didn't have a wait like the chains down the road (now I know why...). The food was dense fried bar food, and the chicken "wings" were more like square nuggets - kinda grossed me out as a vegetarian. I ended up with subpar french fries for dinner. The only good thing was that they gave us Twizzlers instead of after-dinner mints. I wouldn't go back here, and would recommend going somewhere else for wings if that's your thing.
4	Not sure why all the hate on this location.  I have been to two other QSL's and this location had the best service by far.  The food is typical bar food, but is good and priced right.  The staff here is friendly and attentive.  The music isn't stupidly loud like other QSL's I've been to.  This place is worth a visit.
1	I've  been to a few QS&L's over the years, around the country. The one in Madison, WI always had a nice bike night....Anyway, I've always found their food to be perfectly acceptable. Obviously one is not looking for gourmet quality food at QS&L, but just decent quality bar food and cold beer is fine, along with a nice, fun, environment.Well, the QS&L in Pineville sucks.... there's no other way to put it.Actually, our beer was cold.... and the food was ok. I had a pasta bowl thing, that was pretty good. Wife had a shrimp basket that she didn't really like - the shrimp were more breading than shrimp and very oily in a bad-deep fried kind of way.The BIGGEST problem of our visit was the idiot tending bar. We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty slow. We sat, and she continued to talk to her co-worker for 5 minutes. When she finally did come over, there was no apology, or even a friendly hello.... just, "what do you want".We should have followed out instincts and left right then and there.Her service never did improve... even though she only had us, and a guy and his son at the bar.I was going to speak to the manager, but he didn't really seem to care about too much either.Stay away.
2	As I noted, if I returned I would update.  Here is that update.  Honestly, the only reason I went back was because I was invited for a birthday celebration - so I basically went for the people and not the restaurant.After my initial review, I was asked to email the company.  After hesitating a couple weeks I finally sent an email to see what they had to say.  To this day I have not received a reply.This visit occurred on an "All You Can Eat Wings" Tuesday.  I made the decision to go with the wing special.  The wings are so-so and the flavors are boring. To me it just seems overpriced, especially since they don't include fries anymore - but instead allow you to munch on a sad nacho bar which is never restocked. All of the food just seems pricey at QSL in general.Knowing that this location and the Concord location are owned by the same company I expected a lot more out of them.  Even though the service and food in Concord is so-so.The previous businesses in that location, for some reason, have just failed to succeed.  Hopefully they continue to make it.  I don't feel the need to return.  You can make your own decisions.This is just an honest from-the-heart review (update) from a paying customer.
1	Very disappointed with the food. Way over priced for what you get, more like a kids plate portion. Ordered the nachos, the cheese sauce was COLD, by far not even warm, the portion size was a joke, very small. Also got the baja wrap! Harris teeter in the deli section makes a much better wrap at half the price. I choose French fries as my side and there wasn't enough to fill up a 4 year old. Pretty sad! The waiter was very attentive and was hustling.  When we left it was dark outside and there were no outside lights on anywhere. Couldn't see the steps to walk down them to get to the car. Looked like it was closed. Probably a good bet that I will never go there again. What a letdown.
1	Ok, this place sucked. Order a long island ice tea and she sends it out with lemonade mix instead of sweet and sour. And wanted to charge 11 bucks for it. The manager didn t come over when told DID nothing. We left without eating. Then down the street at Hooters find out there closing down. I understand why. I wouldn't hire the manager or the bartender, they'll put you out of bussiness.
