4	A few years ago I needed a new PCP and my daughter's pediatrician recommended Dr. Lieber. He was close to the home, took our insurance, and was recommended. I went for an initial consult and really liked him. He was quite thorough (without over doing it) and they even do their blood work right there in office. I would suggest Lieber. The only reason he didn't get 5 stars in because I've only been a patient for two years.
4	Dr. Lieber has been my primary physician for the last three years. The reason I chose this man was his specialty in Internal Medicine since he would be much more attuned in the going on's of my body. His hours are not bad from 7:30am until 4p, i think M-F. I like that blood work can be done at his office as well as how he interacts with his patients. He provides advice and suggestions and ensures that you ask questions, and when you do he provides not a brief broad answer but rather he looks into it. Like his staff as well. So for a primary physician I fully recommend him!
4	Dr. Lieber is very professional and he is very knowledgeable. Appointments are usually easy to make and there is usually not much waiting in the office. My only complaint is that he won't renew prescriptions for a long enough period, so I have to come back to the office more often than I would prefer.
3	I actually give 5 Stars to Dr. Lieber ONLY! I've only seen him once and he is great! I expressed my concerns and he took tests and got me the meds I needed right away. Other doctors never did that. I have had a high blood pressure reading for a few years now. My other doctor never seemed concerned cause I was so young. Dr. Leiber put me on high blood pressure meds, and I feel safer now. The reason for my 3 Star rating. The NEGATIVE. The main office lady is rude, rude, rude! It could be cause I have "free" insurance. But I was employed making great money at a bank, then got laid off. Now I am employed again, and I don't know if me having free insurance (which now I will get company insurance once I hit my 90 day mark), was what made her be so unbelievably rude. I have never been treated so poorly by someone. I have encountered her a few times too (on the phone and in person), RUDE every single time. She is the older lady in the front with short hair. If she hates her job so much, she should do everyone else a favor and quit or not be in a customer service type position.All other staff was very friendly and helpful!
