4	Oh GOD BLESS PANERA for coming uptown for those of us wanting more lunch options during the workweek!!!!  This location opens today in the Charlotte Plaza building (same building as Bentley's etc. next door to the EpiCentre)  This new Panera location is also boasting weekend hours - I love it!  Their current operating hours are M-F 6AM-7PM, Sat 7-7 and Sun 7-5.  Yahoo!!  :-DMy favorite lunch here is the Chicken and Wild Rice soup which they have on the menu Sundays, Tuesdays and Thursdays.  Get the You Pick Two if  you are really hungry or hungover - my fav sandwich here is the Sierra Turkey.  I noticed new outside seating too!  This spot will be awesome in the Spring :-D
4	Awwww Panera, so nice of you to join us uptown just in time for the holidays:-)  Major kudo's for this welcomed addition to the lunch frenzy!  I could overdose on the bread, pastries, and cookies.....oh my!  Yes, they have soup, salad, and sandwich options, but they carry an average rating at best in my opinion, so I stick to the sweets.
4	When Melissa B told me there was a new Panera, I didn't believe her b/c I was soooooo happy we finally got one Uptown! Visually pleasing and definitely not as crowded as other Panera's, the two things that stuck out to me were the layout and clientele. The lay out is different with smaller tables and outdoor seating as well. The clientele--all business folk. I think this is the first Panera I've seen without Stepford wives and misbehaved children!! And that along will keep me coming back in the future!  You can come in through the College Street entrance (beware if you sit near the door-it gets damn chilly) or through the building entrance and when I went this morning, the line moved pretty quickly. I love Panera b/c of the My Panera Rewards club and you can get stuff like free drinks, espressos, pastries and more with it so that is my main reason for visiting Panera plus the free Wi-Fi.Staff was super friendly.....like Chick Fil A "My pleasure" too friendly....I wondered if I was being punk'd or something b/c I'm not used to people being this nice and it seemed genuine so clicks for that.My only complaint about this place is the acoustics. No matter where I sat, I could hear folks in the kitchen or conversations that weren't near me. I think someone who works at Panera or their wife just had a baby so that's good to know. Also, the music seemed louder than other Panera's so it was hard to concentrate on my work that needed to get done. I had to move three times just so I could get a spot where I could hear myself think.Since this is Uptown, it doesn't seem like a Panera that people will just sit and loaf around at but I am curious to check it out on a weekend since I'm almost positive it will be more chill than other locations.Thanks Panera for finally making it uptown!
3	So I've eaten sandwiches all over the place and Panera came highly recommended.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but the sandwich I had was just subpar.  I ate their classic chicken salad which had ok flavors .  The apple they provided was somewhat soft which definitely didn't help.  I also had a chocolate chip cookie from their bakery  which could have been better.  The bread for the sandwich was very good, but other than that I would recommend Dean & Delluca or another sandwich shop over this.
5	NICEST STAFF EVER!!I have yet to come in and not get a warm, genuine greeting! I have always been happy with the recommendations and service. They get VERY busy at lunch and still, the wait is minimal at best and they are very good about letting me know when I could save money by doing X or get something for very little extra by doing X. This is a SUPER addition to lunchtime choices in Uptown! They are also super for a quick breakfast as well!  One thing I love, love, love is that there are NO CHILDREN. Normally when I eat at Panera by my house I feel like a day care let loose their demon children and allowed them to run amuck. I enjoy being able to sit quietly and eat my tomato bisque (OH MAN IT IS GOOD!) and not have some shrieking howler monkey nearby while their oblivious mom just keeps on chatting away on her iPhone.  Absence of children makes this the best Panera EVAH!The free wi-fi is a super plus, too!!WELCOME TO UPTOWN PANERA...WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU!
3	Panera Bread is a great spot to grab a quick lunch and this was a great addition to Uptown. It's only a few blocks from my office and my office frequents this place on a regular basis. I love the Sierra Turkey but the calorie count makes me opt for the smoked turkey/salads and soups. I always to the U Pick Two--which is a great invention. This location is usually busy with people but the staff moves you in/out with ease and even offered me a soup sample--with a line of people and didn't skip a beat on taking the next person's order. The place is clean, inexpensive and nice place to pop in for a quick bite.
3	I've really never been a fan of Panera Bread after a number of quite average meals.  Thus, it's never been on my list of go to spots for lunch or any other meal.  But... I have to take it back after being dragged (and that's not too much of a stretch) to the Uptown location on College Street yesterday.My colleague recommended one of the pannini's so I went with half a smoked turkey/bacon and a cup of creamy tomato soup.  I will officially admit that both were quite good with the soup being just a tad better than the sandwich.  Beyond the food, I appreciate the calorie counts on the menu board and the choice of an apple as one of your sides.  I of course chose a baguette and proceeded to snag a bunch of butter packs (real butter, another plus), but still, it's nice to know there's a healthier option for when I am being good Tom.All in... Good show Panera
4	Another consistent Panera location!  The staff was friendly and quick to turnaround orders, the atmosphere is clean and relaxing and the food is always good.  I enjoyed the You Pick 2 with a Greek salad and Chicken Noodle soup with a baguette...it never disappoints!
1	Delivery girl needs to learn some basic etiquette.
5	First, I will preface by saying I love Panera Bread! However, my experience on Friday for lunch wasn't what I used to..food was excellent, but my order was wrong. I ordered a Grilled Cheese and Broccoli Cheddar Soup. I received a Tomato Basil Soup. Granted it was tasty, but after the manager checked my bag and handed it to me saying everything was perfect, I was slightly displeased that it was wrong. I had a meeting and couldn't go back to get the correct soup.The store made up for it on Monday by comping my lunch, which was awesome. A pleasant surprise and awesome turnaround for the store..that's why they get a 5 store. Manager Jess was beyond accommodating!
3	While I love some of Panera's food, the new system of ordering and picking up at this location is frustrating.  Unfortunately, it takes more time to enter your own order on the touchscreens provided than waiting in line for a human to take your order.  It is, however, encouraged to self-order.  Also, the butter has been taken off of the condiment bar, so if you love butter with your bread, you'll have to ask several times (and get strange looks like you're a butter-obsessed freak) in order to get it.  On the plus side, the MOZZARELLA TOMATO PANINI is delicious, especially if you add extra tomato chutney.  And the soups are always good.  Especially in a bread bowl (if you don't mind 1,000 cals for lunch).
4	So this Panera is downtown in the Charlotte Plaza building (same building as the Carolina Ale House & Charlotte School of Law).  Like all things downtown, this Panera is in a compressed space, but it's impressive how they configured everything to make it feel like a stand-alone Panera set up.There are a ton of "fast-lane" kiosks to try and handle the lunch rush that usually happens in Uptown.  This morning the line was free, but I didn't feel like explaining my order to a person so I went straight for the kiosk.  I know - call it "impersonal" but some mornings I just don't want to deal with anyone until I get something in my belly and some coffee.The staffer that brought my food out was pretty friendly and my food was exactly how I wanted it.There's an outdoor patio space to eat on, there is also an "outdoor" space in the lobby of the building that has tables you can be "outside" of the Panera, but still be sheltered from the elements.
4	I have options. I spend most of my day in downtown. But when I need to grab a quick bite in between, and do it healthy, I just get on the elevator and order a turkey sandwich and a broccoli cheddar soup with chips.Being a regular, or just for having a Panera card, I get tons of special deals. And sometimes they just surprise me with a better deal. That's why I don't do the auto kiosk thing where you can order without having to talk.Everything is always fresh, WIFI has plenty of bandwidth, service is always good. The manager is nice and all employees seem to be nice as well.
1	The worst Panera experience ever! First my girlfriend gets a pumpkin latte and takes a zip and it is so ungodly hot that it burned her mouth. Granted we are people who normally drink hot coffee, but this was lava! Then I go to the cashiers with a sense of urgency and let them know so I can get some ice and calm her now swelling mouth! They took 23 min, that's right I time them! To get me another latte and had absolutely no urgency for getting me some ice, to the point where I stole their drink cups and hurried to the ice machine and got some ice! You have now lost my business Panera!
2	I've been going to this location for a while now and they keep getting worse. Started great I order online my food is ready when I get there and I'm back at the office in five minutes. Now it seems they have to forget one thing every time. I get a Mediterranean chicken salad with avocado. Lately they either forget that(which is extra$$) or something else. Even after the desk person asks the cook and he says "yes I added it in" it's missing. Today they tried to give me someone else's salad but I caught them and we switched it. So I get back to my desk and the avocado is rotten or been sitting our to long. Anyway if you can watch them make it oh should be fine but the rapid order is a roll of the dice that I mostly lose. I AM DONE!!!
