3	Amazed this has no reviews on here already as it's been open for business for as long as I've been aware that Indian food exists I reckon. That said, for such a centrally located restaurant, my visit here a couple of months ago was the first time I've ever been in, although I did make a point of sending colleagues there earlier in the year and they liked it. There's nothing major about the place to set it aside from much of the competition - prices are what you'd expect (reasonable and not astronomical), service was efficient and good natured and the waiting time between ordering and the food making it onto the table was negligible. The staff were though more than happy to make us "the hottest thing going" when asked and so we ended up all giving our tastebuds a roasting with a very hot, though not unpleasant, dish which we may have christened "Satan's Ashes" although my memory's hazy on that point. The rest of the normally spiced dishes were very tasty and the wine list was of a decent size and price, considering most folk probably opt for lager anyway.
5	I love the idea of Zest, take some of the East's finest flavours and combine them with old Scottish Favourites.The restaurant itself is a decent size, you only really feel cramped when it fills up (which seems to be alot).Last time I was here I had the Salmon Tikka, which was made with freshly caught fish from that day. To say I was blown away is an understatement, the flavours explode in your mouth.Staff made sure I had what I needed and prices overall were ok. Don't eat breakfast and go at lunchtime and get the group special. You'll be there for hours.
4	I came here in mid February, shortly after the restuarant had had its makeover under new ownership.  The interior feels light, spacious and the creamy decor helps to give a nice, relaxed atmosphere.  It tries to give a fine dining impression, but the spindly metal chairs and tables kind of let this look down.  The waiters are pleasant, and the service is about what you would expect in any restaurant.The food is by far this place's key feature.  The menu has a good range of authentic Indian dishes with plenty of meat and vegetarian starters and main courses to choose from.  Further, it tries to incorporate local history with its Indian cuisine.  For example, I had the Sir Walter Scott curry which was lamb in a really rich, tasty mustard sauce.  I'm not sure what the link between this dish and the author is precisely, but you can see what they're trying to do.Zest is also reasonably priced, making it a great option for lunch of dinner if you're in the area.
4	After a beautifull sunday in the town we dropped in at Zest. The service was good, the food from mild to really hot: great. We had a starter, two main courses and only one desert because then we were full. The bill was not as high as we feared after all the high prices we saw in the city.
3	The people working there were so nice, I feel badly giving it only 3 stars - but the wine was undrinkable (gewurztraminer) and our vegetarian dishes were not the best I've had.  We ordered the aubergines, which were differently prepared than I've eaten before but pretty good, and the lentils that had the consistency of split pea soup & lacked flavor.I almost fell out of my chair at how expensive our meal was, but I'm not from around here & am not accustomed to UK prices yet. I appreciated that they were open late, otherwise we would have gone hungry!
4	While visiting St. Andrews Cathedral and Castle, hubby and I wanted a simple quick hot lunch (50s in June is still cold for Americans). Zest served that exact purpose. We ordered at the counter and was informed when the food was ready. Our lunch consisted of lentil soup and sandwiches. My curry sandwich was especially yummy without the overpowering taste of the curry spice. The big windows brought a lot of light into the restaurant which is somehow the perfect setting for a light lunch. I noticed the sign said Zest juicing & coffee bar, sadly I didn't have room left for any juice, but if you are visiting Zest, at least you know that option is available for you.
5	BEST. CURRY. EVER. I Love the food here, it's all prepared wonderfully, and delicious. The staff is kind and quick too, always with a smile on there face! Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a nice and affordable place to eat with great food! Try the Tikka Masala with Nan bread!
