3	I've been in twice and both times took way way too long. The last time it took 18 minutes to get one bottle of oil and I was the only one there. It was the same reason as the time before; the guy couldn't log into his computer system. I do enjoy the product but it keeps getting harder to go back to this store.
5	Great service. Got some killer new liquids. Plus the fact they can make any pg/vg level you want is a plus!!!!
5	Love this place, they have everything that all the other shops have combined in one and they make their juice while your standing there.  They have specials that are sent to your text and email and I get a free 30ml bottle of juice for my birthday.  Your Awesome Gourmet!! Thank you
5	So happy with this place, staff is knowledgeable and polite not like other vapor stores I've been to. This place is definitely my regular spot 5 stars for being the best
5	So I have been buying my vapor juices here for a few months now. They must have like 100 house juices- not to mention you can make your own- plus any PG/VG ratio too! Their liquids are the least expensive in town. Seems like they have sales & special offers going on every time I'm there. All of their employees are super nice and helpful. Only downside is sometimes it can take a few mins to make custom juices-only because they do it right then and there. Also basically only place in town to get cartomizers. I really like this shop and you should definitely check it out if you vape or are curious about it! Good location too right off the 60 next to Trader Joe's which is always a plus. Great deals on tanks, kits and mods too.
5	Awesome customer service! Very knowledgeable and friendly employees! Clean, inviting atmosphere with lots of variety in products and juices! I just stumbled on this place while driving by and ran in to get a much needed coil. They didn't carry it anymore so they game me a similar one for free!!!! Even though I live 20 min in the other direction, I plan to always come back to this e-cig store because of this experience!!
5	If your to new to vaporized products or looking to take that next step this is the shop to be at. Few shops can mix exactly what you want in store and also allow you to order your own creation of juice from there wharehouse that comes to you directly mail in a few days, it is also the first place I have seen that isnt going to try to push you to buy the best product in the case this shop works with you to helps find your unique taste.
5	This place is awesome, they have almost any flavor you could think of. And they have incredible deals and really good price's it is definitely worth checking out if you vape are wanting to quit smoking.
5	This is the best vape shop I have found around me! Everyone is very nice here. Great prices!
5	Great juice prices!! Also custom flavors are available. This is the first vape shop I've been to and where I bought my first mod. I've been to many since but I always go back. Very friendly and knowledgable staff as well! I highly recommend gourmet vape to everyone.
3	The juice was okay. The shop is clean and the employees are nice and went out of their way for me trying to find something i would enjoy. They have a big selection, though i found that the juice was kinda bland and a lot of the house juice tasted exactly the same. So if you stop in make sure you get a double shot of flavor.
5	Awesome place to grab juice. Tons of mod choices. I was very impressed by the mech mods. Great selection for various juices. Their premium juice line is great and pricing on them is very good. Definitely worth checking out.
