5	I hadn't been going to the dentist for a long while, well you know, no one is ever excited on going to a dentist office.I've scheduled my first appointment Nov 2011 and found that i had a lot of problems with my teeth. They scheduled me right away and been going regularly. Every visit is pleasant and they make sure to always remind me with my appointments (calls, emails..)I had no insurance and they helped me work it out by patiently calling my dad's insurance so that i could be covered.All i can say, Dr. Azimi and his staff are the nicest and warmest people i've ever encountered in a dental field around. They always make me feel comfortable. Everyone in this office are really accommodating! I've had so many things done with my teeth. With my patience and regular visit, it only took me 2 months for everything! I've had my Zoom! treatment and i loved it! They even gave me a home whitening kit so that i could maintain it. I love my teeth and my over all experience here. I recommend Dr.Azimi and his associates to everyone.
5	I am not a fan of the Dentist and when I moved to Vegas 11 years ago, my mom said that Dr. Azimi was the best in town.  I had my doubts because....well....I HATE going to the Dentist.  BUT.....Dr. Azimi really IS the best in town and put me at ease from the moment I walked in and I have been a loyal patient for over 11 years now!!!  He is kind, gentle, personable and very professional!!!  The ENTIRE staff is AWESOME....very friendly, organized and they always make sure that the best care is given to their patients!!!  I have referred countless people to him and will continue to do so in the future!!!  I can't say that I heart going to the Dentist just yet but this is as good as it gets
5	Excellent. Could not ask for better.
5	My dentist CLOSED! I was driving east on Charleston on a Friday. When I saw the sign for azimi dentist office. pulled in to make an appointment for my kids to get a cleaning and checkup before school starts. The ladies in the office were extremely nice. She gave me a coupon to save 100$ on each kids first visit. And got me an appointment for Monday( fast forward to Monday )  WOW! What a joyous trip to the dentist it was. The ladies in the office were very nice again. I think I only waited 4 minutes if that, the boys didn't even have time to get restless. The dental hygienist was so very nice and explained everything to the kids she was going to do and made them feel comfortable almost like a big sister. And let the kids see a short how to on brushing and flossing. ( get the Carmel Apple fluoride) it smelt good.Then Dr azimi came in and after a nice short conversation I really felt that I could trust him with my kids. The x-ray technician was also kid friendly and gentle with the kids. I was so impressed by the professionalism and energy in this office and thay all did an awesome job. So I bought them pizza. Next it's me and the wife I can't wait.Wait! I can't believe I just wrote I can't wait to go to the dentist. They must be doing something right.
5	Best dentist in town ! Hands down !!!!!!He is kind, gentle, personable and very professional!!!  The ENTIRE staff is AWESOME....very friendly, organized and they always make sure that the best care is given to their patients!!!  I have referred countless people to him and will continue to do so in the future!!!
5	i like dr azimi. I've only gone a couple times but i would go again. He lets me not use nova cane. not too many people let you do this. I hate the stuff.as an aside, he has the same birthday with me:)The staff is friendly and professional, though i think he moved his office across the street recently or is in process, his old office had cute decor. I'm assuming that the new place will be equally nice.
