3	Applebees is always a nice little quick restaurant to go to.  Never realized the happy hour specials they have their though.  Came here with a friend cause she's never been to one even though she's in her 20's.  I didn't think that was possible O_Owe both got chicken fingers so nothing really to quite rate the dish on that was extraordinary.  Just your basic chicken and fries basket.  Staff was friendly and nice.
4	Applebee's offers a great happy hour, "The 2 for 20" deal and tons of drinks to choose from....A great Family/Friend spot with booze :D I like this Location because It's always very clean and the servers are great.
3	I didn't eat at the restaurant, we did the carside to go instead. The order process was good and the server that took my order was very efficient. The food came out hot and straight to my car which was super convenient. The whole Carside to go option is fabulous.
1	Horrible service tonight usually pretty good but not tonight. Food took 30min to get out and they weren't even busy. Asked for boneless wings and got traditional that tasted 8 days old. Not sure if its because its late they were trying to go home but regardless we WILL NEVER BE BACK!!!! This occurred 17JAN13 between approximately 2120-2215
2	The happy hour every one speaks of is only available in the bar which is not the way it is in my home town. Everything I would have ordered in my home town also would have been covered for a bill of about $20 instead only 1 of the four was covered and after taking 1 item off it was still just under $40. Service was fine and so was the food. I usually tip at twice the bill since I'm getting it at half price and they still do the same work that's only fair. Oh I also ordered exactly the same last week at a different one here in Vegas and all of it was half off so ya low rating because I feel a little taken advantage of.
4	For my money,The Two 4 entrees with appetizer is a much better deal that MCDONALDS SUPERSIZED MENU hands down.
4	Service was great and food was delicious! Had a great time with my girlfriend! Will ba coming back!!
1	It's the policy of the restaurant to put the wet naps on the plate with the food That wet nap was in storage after storage where rats piss on the box and then it's put on the plate along with the food disgusting
1	Just came from this location, not very satisfied! I ordered my steak, medium (the waitress showed me a picture and I pointed to it)  with garlic mashed potatoes and my plate had bloody juice all over it, mixed in my fresh veggies and everything! I could go on and on, bottom line-I would not go back based on this experience!
4	My wife and i eat here a lot since it is in our neighborhood.  Today we met up with me parents who are in town.  My parents had the two for $20 special.  I went with a new entree that had roasted , smashed baby red potatoes,  artichoke hearts, peppers and onions over a sirloin steak with a balsamic glaze.  My entree was excellent.  I will definitely try this one again.  The Shocktop on draft was very cold and excellent.Service was on the spot.  All our needs were taken care of and our waiter stopped by periodically to make sure we were doing well.  The place was very busy which is something we don't see all the time.Overall another good visit to this location.  We will be going back.
5	I love coming here for big family dinners they always have great big smiles when I walk in there and I always get the table I want I never sit where I don't want too the 2 for 20 is the best deal they have the food is always warm and delicious   !!!!   I love the servers there
3	The food was good and our waitress was amazing. The menus were dirty and other customers were very loud. The wait on our food was a little longer then usual but it was worth the wait.
3	Not really a big fan of Applebees. The service is always on the slower side. It's freezing as heck inside. The servers lack character. The food is pretty much less than mediocre. Only come in here once in a blue moon when we don't know where to eat and do not want to drive far. Last visit we stumbled in during happy hour which is my favorite hour of the day! They had a happy hour menu (per picture) which I thought was pretty decent. The Blue Coconut Rita was one of my favorites, and it was only $5 during HH. Also our server didn't charge us 1 of the drinks I ordered and discounted one of the foods we ordered, which I did not complain about but thought it was kinda odd. So for that I did add an extra star. Lol Any other day, Applebees is a solid 2 star rating.
1	Rude bartender slow service.   I noticed that the bartenders were serving others and ignoring me.   We had to ask for our check 3 times.  We could have just walked out without paying.
4	Let me start by admitting to not being a big Applebee's guy. The food is ~okay~ and I've had terrible experiences at other locations. Not at this one, however. It has been slow, but even then it wasn't due to server inattentiveness. I would definitely suggest bringing a light sweater because even in July, it's too cold in there. I love the staff here; our waitress last time was perfection. Plus: liquor. Happy hour here WINS. My MAIN issues with it is the temperature, and the fact that it can get very, very loud in there very quickly. And if you are one of the poor sobs that gets there during a dinner rush, I'll light a candle for you.
5	Applebee's has revamped and come a long way. Food is better. Three cheese penne is to die for. Absolutely addictive. Had dinner there last night. Melissa was our waitress. She was quick and did an excellent job. Some of the best service we've had in a while. Food was cooked in a timely matter and arrived at the perfect temperature.
5	always go here! every now and then we sit at the bar and the bartender gives great fast service! there was a bartender in training the last time we went "Briana" I believe was her name and SHE WAS AWESOME!!!! so much fun to talk to, great customer service!
5	I stop here a couple times a month to pickup food to go. Very friendly when they come out to my car. Tasty food.
5	Our server Shariah was phenomenal and when the quesadilla burger came out just slightly different then how I'd asked for it (yet still delicious! )the manager thanked us (for not being rude I guess). She then comped our baby's meal and brought us free desert and personally thanked us for our patronage . Probably one of the best experiences We have had anywhere ever!! Totally going back!!
5	My husband come here every week.... the staff is friendly and always on point. Miranda and the other bartender girl are amazing. I would suggest you give them a try. I'm so in love with the 9oz  steak...
4	I have never been to an Applebee's before. I try to avoid chain restaurants as a whole, but I had to meet a group there. Surprisingly, the food was good. I had the quesadilla burger, and although it was different, it was good. I also tried the artichoke dip and deep fried green bans, which I loved! The others with me also enjoyed their food. The waitress was very friendly and provided great service. This is one chain that I will return to, especially for the deep fried green beans!
4	Friend and I had the 2-for-$20.00 menu item. We both chose the Fiesta Lime Chicken which was moist and tasty. I love anything with lime anyway. Sitting at the table, I did notice this computer-like thing advertising other menu items and didn't really pay much attention to it.But when it came time to pay the check, our food server showed us how we could pay right there from our table. I was pleasantly surprised about that, since I thought the constantly-changing pictures of menu items were for advertising only. I didn't take the time to check out the electronic gadget which also allows one to order as well as pay from the convenience of your seat. Nice!
1	Bug in our food and managers were very noncarrying and very standoffish regarding this
