4	on my first night in montreal, i passed by dr.frost and noticed a sign for "macarons givres" and was instantly intrigued. i had no idea what "givres" meant though, so i kept walking. eventually i learned that "macarons givres" are macaron ice cream sandwiches and i absolutely had to check them out. i was greeted by giant day-glo colored macarons with a blob of ice cream inside, they looked like some kind weird frankenversion of the cute, delicate macarons i was used to so i held off on trying one til my last day in montreal. INSTANTLY HOOKED at first bite! the cookie is a little denser than a "normal" macaron but still slightly chewy and crumbly. they really are freak-ish day-glo colors though and are really awkwardly sized and difficult to bite into. still, it kinda fits the "mad scientist" theme of the shop. you can choose from pre-made macaron combos or mix and match your own creation with their ice cream flavors. they have a stone slab style ice cream with mix-ins, as well as frozen yogurt and shakes.i loved my first sandwich so much that i went back and bought three more only minutes before i had to catch my bus back to boston (and these babies aren't small!) while wheeling my suitcase and trying to balance my frozen macaron sandwiches i dropped one on the street...and for a moment i considered picking it up. they're THAT good!
5	Delicious ice cream and lovely service.
5	Dessert hybrids are among my favorite, and have proved to be the most failproof category within which to unite two traditionally separate food items in harmonious matrimony! Dr Frost conjures up *macaron ice cream sandwiches.* A tad bigger than traditional macarons, and unapologetically vibrant in color. The willy wonka hues give no indication of the natural flavors within, so I inquired and the cute server listed off "black cherry, pistachio, cheesecake, brownie..." among others. I went with pistachio which turned out to be an absolute win. While the sandwich consisted of lavender purple and seafoam turquoise, the pistachio flavor was actually quite subtle and delicate.Hard ice cream, sorbet, and Coldstonesque mashups are also available. My mom got the Russian mountain.. a lavish mix of chocolate, vanilla, mini peanut butter cups and caramel. Dad went for black cherry dark chocolate- a little too fruity for me but I tend to go for nut-flavored ice cream. All of our chosen ice creams merited endless "mmm's and ooh's" as we made our way down St. Denis.
3	After dining at a nearby restaurant, we were looking for a cool dessert and this place did the trick. There's soft and hard ice cream, gelato, frozen yogourt, macarons, and even tofu based iced dessert but the selection is not huge, it's a very small shop with just a few stools and counter if you need to sit.I got a raspberry coulis sundae which tasted fresh and sweet, not syrupy.There's lots of toppings to choose from too.My friend got a simple twist (chocolate/vanilla) ice cream cone, one of the girls working was new so made it into a lopsided and fat looking swirl - realizing it wasn't pretty, she offered to make another, but it wasn't an issue. There was actually a lot of ice cream!Perfectly fine little frozen treat place, with average prices.
4	I saw someone walking down St Denis with ice cream between two macaroons, and needed to have it. Shop is super small, but nice and clean, staff was quite helpful when I said "Great how do we do this?" They have sorbet, cones, gelato...not many flavor choices but really how much stimulation do you need? I opted for two (yes I ate them both) little ice cream sandwiches. Strawberry cheesecake between pink macaroons and cookies and cream between chocolate macaroons. Very delicious, and $2.50 each! Yum!!
4	I was intrigued by the concept of a macaroon ice cream sandwich, sounded delicious. My husband and I attempted to get our ice cream and macaroon fix on Saturday at 10pm, but Dr. Frost was already closed even though here on yelp it is listed being closed at 10:30pm. Went on Sunday afternoon and had a cookies and cream macaroon ice cream sandwich after a long bike ride and it was good. Nice crisp, slightly chewy macaroon exterior and a creamy ice cream interior. The ice cream is somewhat hard coming out of the freezer but the friendly server told us to wait a couple of minutes before consuming to let the ice cream soften up, we were glad to take her advice. The macaroon was $2.50 and was about 3 times the size of a normal macaroon, very affordable in my books!They had quite a number of flavors for the macaroon ice cream sandwiches, pistachio, brownie, strawberry cheese cake were the ones I remembered and they were brightly colored. They had gelato, sorbet and soft serve ice cream as well.  I would definitely return on my next trip to Montreal to try their sorbet and another macaroon. Overall, very cute and clean shop with friendly staff and yummy frozen treats.
4	Really unique assortment of macaroons and ice cream that makes a casual stroll along UQAM that much more enjoyable. There are a few types of the macaroon sandwiches, but the flavors depend more on the crackers than the icecream. Also, be warned, the ice cream may be impossible to bite when it first comes out of the freezer.Overall, never had this in the States, so definitely worth giving it a shot if you're new to the area!Food: 3 starsPrice: 3 starsUniqueness: 4 stars
4	Simple idea, executed well.  Ice cream, gelato and sorbet - we tried many different flavors - all were good.  We sat outside on a pleasant night with a nice breeze.  It was a great end to a nice evening.  Overall the best gelato / ice cream we found on our Montreal stay.  Only negative, one person working there allowed us to mix and match gelato and sorbet, etc, but another did not.  Other than that, highly recommended.
2	I would have loved to try this place but after walking for 15 minutes it was closed. I checked the sign on the door and it was supposed to be open for another hour and a 1/2. I was extremely disappointed.
4	OH SWEET GOODNESS.Three of my dessert-y loves (ice cream, macarons, ice cream sandwiches) have conspired into a perfect frozen treat.Be forewarned, the shell is not that of a typical delicate macaron cookie. It's more dense to accommodate the ice cream, but by no means is it any less delicious. Despite the colors, the only differences in flavour is due to the ice cream. And oh, the ice cream. They really heap it on these bad boys. Ever have an ice cream sandwich and bemoan the imperfect ratio when you're left with more cookie and nary a drop of ice cream left. Not so with these. Do yourself a favour and pick up the maple one! It's not the most colorful, but it's perfectly sweet, delicious and a simple enough flavor to appreciate the quality. And if your visiting from elsewhere you couldn't have a more "Canadian" flavour. :PALSO, Did I mention it's only $2.50 CAD?! What the whaaaaat, macarons are $2.50 for a bite-sized cookie. And you get this GIANT ice cream-filled one for less than $2 USD.I had this thrice in the two days. Excessive? Probably. It's that good. AND it was quite nippy out. Hopefully I get sick so I could take another trip to the DOCTOR. Get it?!
