5	My hair salon needed an updated computer and I am not computer savy.  The tech that helped me was very helpful and did not try to sell me something I did not need.  Gordon was also willing to come into the salon on a Sunday when it was closed in order to change out our system.  He changed out my computer and also, loaded the software and files I needed from the old system and very quickly.  He gurantees his labor and computer as well.  Very happy.
5	My daughter's netbook had a massive hard drive failure.  ComputerGuys fixed it quickly and for an amazing price compared to the big name competition.  I'm so glad I found this shop I can trust, so close to home.
5	The power supply in my computer went out, so I headed down to Fry's Electronics.  They wanted to charge me $50 (labor ONLY) to swap out the power supply AND told me they'd have to keep the computer overnight.  Mind you, this is a 10-minute job---MAX.  I went on ahead and bought the part, scooped up my computer, and headed home, prepared to do the job myself.  Realizing I really didn't want to deal with it (I admit, I had just got my nails done and didn't want to take the risk), I called Computer Guys.  I had remembered seeing their shop close to my house, so I gave them a ring.  Technically they were closed for the day, but told me I could go ahead and bring in the computer and new power supply right then since it was something quick and simple.  Once I arrived, it took the tech all of about 3 minutes to remove the old power supply and install the new one.  They checked it to ensure it was up and running as it should be, and I was on my way.  The price was very reasonable, I might add.I count character analysis among my skills, and I could tell that both of these techs were straight-shooters.  They did a great job and charged a really fair price.  In today's day and age of crappy customer service and dishonesty, it's nice to know that an establishment like this still exists.  I know exactly where I'm going next time I have a computer issue.
5	I went to turn on the computer yesterday and nothing.  I hate it when this happens!  However, I didn't fret too much because I knew Computer Guys would take care of it swiftly and at a great price.  Once again, I was in and out in just a few minutes.  My computer is back up and running and all is right with the world again.  The friendly banter between technicians made the time pass even quicker--it was a repair PLUS a free show!  (To mitigate today's exchange:  After a period of time has passed, many things come back into style...such as hardwood floors, vinyl records, AND the mustache!)
1	VERY bad experience!After several referrals from friends as well as positive Yelp reviews and perusing the website, I decided to take my laptop to the Computer Guys for repair.I arrived with my machine to the shop and spoke with a tech about the problem I was having.  I was given a price and told that I would have to pay for any parts prior to the repair...OK, no problem and I made plans to return with my machine, drop it off and pay for the repair the following Monday. When I arrived the tech I originally spoke with was not there.  The gentleman who did help me was unaware of my previous visit and once again I had to explain the problem I was having.  He never looked at my computer only suggested that I could leave it with him....I was confused because he seemed to want me to just leave...?  OK?  What about a written work order?  How are you going to know who the computer belongs to and what the problem is?  What about the money? I was told that I would have to pay first, before any parts were ordered???  If I did not pay now, would I have to come back AGAIN later and thus prolong the repair...I NEED my computer.When I posed these questions to this person he turns and looks at another guy and asks "well, what do you suggest? should she pay"WHAT? I was so confused by this whole experience by now...I just should have turned and walked out...but it gets even better.The answer to my "What about a written work order?  How are you going to know who the computer belongs to and what the problem is?"  question was to have me write my name and phone number on the back of their business card and tape it just below the keyboard of my computer....?  The answer to his "should she pay first" question was a resounding YES...as I expected.  However, looking around and not seeing any cash register I asked, "will I be getting a receipt?"  HA!  Guy #2 says " the receipt book is full" as guy #1 reaches for book on the shelf behind him and begins thumbing through it.  He says, "Yep, it's full.  Not one receipt left."  Then he grabs my computer walks toward the back of the shop and says, "don't worry, just pay when you pick it up."WHAT???  Wait a minute.  I told him that I did not feel comfortable just leaving my laptop without a receipt or work order or ANY proof at all that they had it.  REALLY, why didn't I just grab my computer and leave.  This will haunt my for the rest of my life.Both guy #1 and guy #2 seemed to be confused by this...as was I.  Three of us just standing and staring at each other...???  Finally, I suggest they write a receipt on the back of yet another business card.  OK...having said business card/receipt in hand...I left.ONE WEEK LATER, I get a call from the owner asking "what are we supposed to do with the computer"?  REALLY?  I explained AGAIN what the problem was.  As we were talking on the phone he must have been tinkering with the computer because he all-of-a-sudden says..."It's your power cord.  Come pick up your computer and I'll sell you a new cord".  GREAT!!!  So, as I was in the middle of teaching a class, I sent my adult son to the stop to pick it up and purchase a new cord.  When my son arrived he was greeted by the owner who began to tell him that my computer was charging fine and I must have a bad cord.  OK!  My son then asked him to turn on the computer (because THAT was the original issue, it would not turn on)....AND it STILL did NOT turn on...so obviously the power cord was not the issue AND the third trip to the Computer Guys was a bust.The owner said, "leave it here and give me a couple days.  I will look at it."ANOTHER WEEK LATER...I had had enough.  At this point the Computer Guys had my machine for TWO WEEKS...No one seemed to know how to repair it...the customer service was horrible...I never spoke to the same person twice...there didn't seem to be clear communication between workers...and I was beginning to become very worried that I may never see my computer again. I asked my husband, who was out running errands, to stop by and find out what is going on. He called me from the Computer Guys shop to tell me that they COULD NOT FIND MY COMPUTER! OMG!I was not there at the shop but I'm sure that my husband was less than pleasant.After and hour of sitting in the shop refusing to leave until they find it....and after several failed attempts at trying to convince my husband that someone else's computer was actually mine...and after a rushed call to the owner requesting his presence....and the eventual arrival of the owner and his wife to the shop...my computer was indeed found...not working...but found.  My husband took the computer and left....never to return!I have heard many great things about the Computer Guys from friends and friends of friends who have used their services.  I don't want to suggest that my story is the norm for this company because I really do not know.  However, I will not be returning.
1	We traded in our older HP laptop for a new-ish laptop from ComputerGuys. We love the laptop we got in return. The problem is: the battery in the new-ish laptop was close to death. We waited three weeks for Gordon to order and have delivered the new battery so we could pick it up. We got the run around for 3 weeks. Finally, we decided to just buy a new battery for the laptop ourselves...for $28 dollars from Amazon. The performance of the machine was lacking. With the new battery, the machine is a beast. We would have appreciated not having been run around. These experiences are our first with Gordon/ComputerGuys. It is also our last experience. We will not bother with ComputerGuys again.I highly suggest you avoid this small business. Also, do not look at this small business Facebook page. It is not professional. A lot of whining...such a turn off. The guys in this place are so laid back I got the feeling they didn't know what they were doing or didn't care enough to do a good job on anything. Do you know that feeling? Aside from the awful experiences, he sold us a great machine. We love it. They are close to our home, but that does not mitigate the experiences. The incompetence does not give me confidence with the 90 day warranty on parts/labor. It would probably take them 90 days just to pull their heads out of their asses and attempt to get it right the first time. Please do not take your $$$ here. Go elsewhere...even if you have to pay more...it will be worth it.
1	Don't ever trust these " Guys."
1	Don't use these people!  They too kinky computer for a simple repair, sold it without telling me and pawned off a refurbished unit that is messed up.  They have lied repeatedly about the situation and have been extremely u professional and immature.  If this is how they've been running the business for the last couple of years, I'm stunned they were able to stay I business.  I have a lawyer that will be going after them.  It's not even about the money anymore, but it's simply theft. Selling my computer without my agreement and requiring me to pay them cash.  Sounded fishy to me.  Now they say they're closing up,filing bankruptcy and moving out of state!  Guess they couldn't find enough people to steal from in Arizona!
1	I will never take anything to them again. Took in a laptop that I was told would be done in a week and 6 WEEKS LATER I got it back and it still wasn't fixed!!! The owner lied repeatedly about what was wrong with it, when it would be ready and who was working on it. He was also very arrogant and rude! Additionally, the technician is not allowed to do anything unless the owner is there. He couldn't even print me a receipt for the money I paid up front or give me a list of the repairs they supposedly had made .
1	I wouldn't recommend going to computer guys. They were very unprofessional and very inexperienced. I took my computer in to have it checked out. I suspect that problem was power supply. They told me i needed to upgrade motherboard and memory as well as change power supply. So i said ok. They also told me it would take about a week to order parts since they didnt have any in stock. Well it took longer than that and when parts came in they told me i didn't need motherboard just the memory and so they had to order to right memory sticks. It just seems like they didn't know what they were doing. I got such a run around i will never go back. Its been over a year since this took place and im already having memory issues. Need to find another shop to go to
1	I am a supervisor for a job development program for young adults and had advised one of my young adults to call and ask if they had any room for volunteers to help. The man who answered did not answer in a profreessional manner, he simply said "Hello?" and when the young adult spoke the man hung up on them. I called immediatey after and recieved the same monotone answer, "Hello". I then asked "is this the computer guys in glendale? To which he responded, yes (no how can i help you). I then explained our work program and asked about volunteer options and he simply stated "no, not at this time" and hung up. They may want to rethink their customer service over the phone. They could have had free help from young adults who are studying computer technology but I guess they have better things to do.
