5	Maharaja is my favorite place in Madison for Indian food.OK, now I'll tell you why. Maharaja produces some of the highest quality and most consistently good food in Madison. The lunch buffet can be a bit spotty, but the last two times I've been there the selection was plentiful and tasty. Dining there or for take out, the food is the same. I've never been unpleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.I have made it a point to try a new dish on a regular basis. I have yet to find a curry (with or without meat) that failed to please me. The aroma of the food is what draws me in. My most frequent comment about the food is that, "it's like eating flowers." You can smell as well as taste the various spices in the curries and other dishes at Maharaja.The atmosphere of the restaurant is a bit odd. It looks like it used to be a 1970's or 80's supper club. Not exactly what you would expect for an Indian restaurant. The service is very good. The waiters are courteous and attentive. They don't hover yet I don't have to go looking for them when I need something.
5	The weekend lunch buffet is one of the best I've ever seen.  Huge selection of really tasty Indian food.  The menu also delves into southern Indian cuisine which I've never seen elsewhere.  The servers actually care whether you're happy and do a good job.Like others have mentioned, the atmosphere is a little bizarre but the very diverse crowd usually dining there makes it feel like a 'big city' restaurant.  One of my favorites in Madison.  Did I mention that its cheap?
4	We missed the lunch buffet that we had heard so much about and went right to dinner.  We ordered six dishes for three adults and one kid.  The food was fantastic and flavorful, though the kid who was with us was VERY unimpressed with the exception of the Mango Lassi.  The big surprise came at the end when we got the bill and it was over 75 dollars!  Yowzers!  While the food was good, there wasn't a whole lot of it, so the bill was a bit shocking.  But don't let the cost of dinner detour you if you are looking for excellent Indian food, this place has got it, so go early and hit the lunch buffet instead.
5	This place is unreal!  I had lunch there yesterday- on the recommendation of these reviews.  It was better than I'd hoped, all of the food on the buffet was fresh, hot and tasty.  Service was very good as well- we'll definitely be back again, and again...
5	I'm a huge fan of this place. This is serious tandoori goodness! Their Tikka Masala is amazing too!
5	You know, I am usually highly suspicious of buffets.  I took microbiology in college, and really, it was enough to scare me away from buffets forever.  I'd almost rather eat off a toilet seat than a buffet.That being said, the buffet at Maharaja rules!  I really always thought I hated Indian food, because I don't like curry.  I usually stick to tandoori chicken and the bread.  Last time I went, I got "adventurous" and tried the tikka masala.  YUM!  I also love those little balls soaked in syrup.  So, I tried other things too, like little veggie fritters and palak paneer.  I am also now addicted to mango lassis.  The staff is very friendly, and thankfully, keeps the buffet fresh.  This is one buffet I can't wait to come back to.
5	I moved into the Madison area just last week, and after hearing rumors about the spectacular lunch buffet at the Maharaja, I needed to try it for myself.  Suffice it to say that I was in no way disappointed.  I showed up to the restaurant at 2:55 this afternoon, with an entire 5 minutes to spare before the buffet officially closed.  Even so, the hot food was still hot, the cold food cold, and absolutely everything was extraordinarily delicious (and I would know - of course I had to try a bit of it all).  The waiters themselves were very polite and attentive, which I generally do not expect at anything that even resembles a buffet - not to mention when someone shows up 5 minutes before the meal *should* be over.All in all, this experience alone was enough to inspire delight in my new Wisconsin home.  I look forward to finding the many other edible treasures that Madison surely has to offer, but I will most certainly be passing up more than a few meal opportunities to come back to this wonderful downtown diner.- The New MadisonianP.S.  They've also got free wireless.  Oh yeah.
4	Maharaja's lunch buffet is very good - offering a lot of options at a great price. I have been a couple of times when the food was not as good as at other times, but all in all a good place to eat.And you have to have their chai tea. I've never been to India or had chai tea other than at American places, but this tasted authentic and very yummy.
4	The buffet was very good and had a huge selection, even for a vegetarian.   There is an entire dessert table, with half a dozen to choose from.  I do however like Indian food to be a bit spicier.  The restaurant is huge and it is good for large groups.
5	The best Indian buffet out there.Excellent value for your money.  The service is outstanding as well..  Many of the employees recognize and remember regular customers.An altogether memorable experience, every time!Peter, who is Indian by ethnicity, and gets out there when homesick, or just sick of home food :-)
4	I stopped in for dinner while I was in Madison for training. Now I must say, I am a sucker for Indian buffets. I love them all, even if I don't know the name of any of the dishes. So it was a feat that on this night, it was the first time I was actually picking out individual entrees.I read the takeout menu about 40 times until I saw a couple of things that looked familiar. I felt like a nervous little school boy taking my first test. Finally I just went up to the waiter at the desk and asked for his recommendations. A few minutes later, Chicken Tikka Masala, Nan and Samosas were ordered. Then the waiter gave me crayons and a coloring book and told me to go play. Just kidding.The food turned out to be really good. Samosas were really flavorful and not too greasy. It went well with the sauces that were provided - green mint, sweet diced tomato and a plum? sauce. Nan was on par. With the high recommendation of the Chicken Tikka Masala, I expected to be knocked out. Instead I just got pimp slapped across the face. It was still good but not 5 star good.Overall, this was a definite good find. I will surely update my review once I hit up the lunch buffet.
5	EXCELLENT weekend buffet-- best assortment of high quality food I have seen in an Indian buffet and very reasonable price. I highly recommend this to everyone!
4	I am a believer! I finally got to try the buffet. Let me tell you, if eating until it hurts is wrong, I don't want to be right! They had all the staples (Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala) as well as some new items I've never tasted. Chicken 65 was the most notable - kinda like crunchy bite size pieces of Tandoori Chicken, except spicier. Dessert didn't dissapoint either; there were at least 5 you could pick from. The most notable were the Mango ice cream and Carrot Halwa.Note: Lack of Samosas and Palak (Spinach) Paneer didn't push my rating to a 5. There is hope, however! I did go on a Thursday for the lunch buffet; the weekend buffet is supposed to have more offerings.
1	Both dishes that I was able to try were pretty mediocre. I had a curry dish and the llamb was tender, but the sauce was really average.  My husband had lamb kebab and didn't even finish half of it. The best thing we had was the peshwari naan, but overall we wouldn't go again.
5	One of the best restaurants in Madison.  The buffet is amazing and the service is consistently top-notch.  They have some standard dishes on the buffet but also rotate through specials (especially on weekends).  I've never had something bad.  It is refreshed often and, as someone else has already mentioned, hot food is always hot and cold food is always cold.  My favorite dishes:  aloo gobi, aloo chole, and mutter paneer.  I love that they have a full range of items from nice crispy appetizers through to a great dessert selection.   I think the gulab jamun is probably my favorite but the semolina cake is also fabulous.  And the mango ice cream.  ...  I highly recommend going for lunch and skipping breakfast and dinner :DI'm afraid I've never ordered off the menu or been there for dinner so I can't comment on that.  The price of the buffet is fantastic, especially given that you get to try so many tasty dishes, so I've never been tempted to try the menu.
5	Easily my favorite restaurant in Madison. Very attentive waitstaff. I've never had a dish here that I didn't like.
4	I went here once, and I was very impressed.I'm not the biggest fan of Indian food (prefer Thai), but they may be turning me. Too bad it's on the west side...
5	Known at best Indian in Madison. No much on atmosphere perhaps but crazy good food.
3	The service is great - very nice staff.  The food is okay - probably some of the best in Madison, but not excellent.  We usually get the chicken makhani - which is the best dish we've found.  The tikka masala is alright - not great.  The naan and paratha are good.
5	I am a sucker for buffets... Indian buffets take it to a whole nother level.  I have been here before for a "work" trip.  Last visit, I was probably hungrier than this past one, but I digress!  Maharaja had all the Indian bites that I crave - sag paneer, chicken masala, samosas mmmmmmm....  They also had some pieces I was not familiar with - chicken 65?  OK!  And since when is General Tsao's chicken considered Indian?  Whatever, I'll eat it =)  All dishes were pretty good, but since we were there towards the end of the buffet, the chicken dishes were a little on the dry side.The desserts however, were enough to keep me coming back for more - literally.  Pistachio ice cream?  Mango ice cream?  Pudding-type thing?  Sweet donut hole? DONE! Definitely would want to go back here when in the area.
5	Muy rico!! Is good food, good flavor and different. The service is good and very politte. Very good desserts!!!
3	The restaurant was clean, the staff pleasant.  The food was a little bland for my taste.  Perhaps they were catering to a more mainstream crowd but I prefer my Indian dishes to have a little kick to them, especially the Saag Paneer :)  They didn't have as large a selection as I'm used to at the Indian restaurants in Los Angeles.  I won't totally discredit them, but couldn't offer up 5 stars either.  I'd say give them a try and see what you think.
5	About 15 years ago I tried an Indian buffet restaurant (in a different state and not related to this restaurant).  I disliked the food so much that it's taken me that long to even try Indian food again - and boy am I glad I was able to try again here at Maharaja's Restaurant!!!We were looking for "something different" to eat on a late Sunday night - they are open daily until 10pm.  We were a party of four consisting of two middle aged adults with our "kids" age 27 and 18.  If you're in the mood for something quicker  - they also offer a lunch buffet daily.The atmosphere was beautiful - chandeliers... white tableclothes... candles on the tabletops. Authentic yet subtle Indian music played softly in the background. The waiter put the napkins into our laps - very classy.Before we went I had looked over the online menu (great descriptions and pictures) so I already had some idea of what I wanted - which made it easier than guessing in person.  Our waiter was very helpful in advising  my 18 year old daughter on what dish she might enjoy.My son is a vegetarian and was impressed by the selection - the rest of us are not vegetarians and we were also impressed by the selection!We would call this food "cruise quality" (back when that really meant something that is).  It was awesome and out of this world great.We all took turns sampling each other's meals... which were served in individual serving bowls.  The dishes we ate were:Beverages: Mango shakes (very unusual and refreshing - especially after a spicy bite of something) and Masala tea (sweet hot tea drink very similar to Chai).  Fresh glasses of ice water were automatically given and refreshed frequently.Appetizers:(complimentary) Daal Poori (fried lentil bread) - think of this kind of like tortilla chips in a Mexican restaurant - crispy but with a different (but very tasty) flavor.  This was served with three different types of dipping sauces.Pickles - these are not any ordinary 'pickles.'  This was very salty and unusually flavored with spices like corriander and chili powder .  We were told some of the ingredients included vegetables... green mango chunks... and some type of Indian fruit.  The piece I ate reminded me somewhat of olives only saltier and stranger.  Unfortunately most of us did not appreciate this dish - but the good news is it only cost .95 to try it.  (very salty and somewhat spicy)Cheese Pakora - flat cheese that has been breaded and fried - tasty though reminiscent of tofu and/or fried chicken.  (not spicy)Samosas - spicy turnovers stuffed with potatoes and green peas - mixed reviews - the men in our party enjoyed them more than the women did. (yes they were a bit spicy)Soups:S.O. had the Mulligatawny soup - it's made with lentils and vegetables and has an unusual spicy flavor and topped with a bit of cilantro.  Very good with the lemon squeezed into it.  I felt it was somewhat reminiscent of a granular pea soup.  It had a little kick to it.  (somewhat spicy)The three others of us had Coconut soup - sweet and creamy warm soup with shredded coconut and pistachios.  Daughter felt it "reminded her of Christmas."  I think perhaps it reminded her of eggnog in a way - similar comfort level but different taste. (sweet not spicy)For breads we tried plain Paratha (similar to a thick wheat tortilla) and the garlic Nan - it was extra super garlicky and tasty.  (neither spicy)Our meals were served with a large bowl of long grained rice for us all to share.  We were given a choice of spice levels from mild to hot.  1) Beef Jalfrazie (beef curry with various vegetables); 2) Chicken Tiki Madras (tomato/curry base with coconut - from Southern India)  (3) Vegetable curry (stir fried medley with curry sauce) and I indulged myself in a decadent special of the day 4) Tandoori Lobster (spiced lobster tail cooked in a high heat pressure type cooker called a Tandoor oven).  We all tried each other's dishes and each was enjoyed by all.  My (mostly) vegetarian son even snuck in a bite of lobster! :)  (none of the entrees seemed too spicy for us)Even though we were stuffed and had leftovers - we knew we "had to" have desert.  Daughter opted for the Gulab Jamun (also called 'waffle balls') - sweet fried dough balls covered in a rosewater syrup.  Was reminiscent of perhaps pancakes with syup or cobbler - but of course with a different flavor.  We were very impressed with the kulfi - a sweet custard-like ice cream made with pistachios and almonds.The staff was very friendly and kind - answered all of our questions with patience and care... helping us throughout the evening to get the best meal possible.To top the evening off - the waiter brought us all hot damp washclothes for our hands.  What exemplary service and attention.  Dinner for the four of us came to a bit over $100 plus a tip - which seems very reasonable for the amount of food we ate - plus leftovers.   Fit for royalty!  I highly recommend Majaraja restaurant anytime. :)
4	I soooo didn't want to eat here but was kind of peer pressured into it. I was really afraid of what I would get at a Wisconsin Indian restaurant next to a hotel. I was happy to be proven wrong. This was one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to. There were awards all over the walls that showed just how awesome everyone else thinks Maharaja is as well. I split a samosa, the chicken 65, an order of keema nan and lamb moghlai with the BF. The appetizers were all good but not worth finishing. What was amazing was the keema nan and the lamb. I mean they were out of this world delicious. The lamb could have been a little spicier but that was our fault since we were being little chickens and didn't say to make it spicy. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who finds themselves in Madison and searching for something exciting and delicious to eat.
5	Madison Wisconsin is not a place one would figure for great Indian food, but there are some serious gems here! I love this place, after a day of shopping or a cheap movie, we often found ourselves here for dinner. The service is great, they put our napkins on our laps and brought us the warm towel after dinner, our water was never left unfilled, and they even chased me down with my coat once. I love the food, its so good it's hard to stop eating it. My boyfriend loves meat and I am a vegetarian, we both were pleased here and that can be hard to accomplish. We were always welcomed and fed well at a reasonable price. if you are near Odana and hungry, try it out.
5	Fantastic food! Really excellent. My only suggestion for the restaurant: Please serve red wine in red wine glasses. Otherwise a 5-star.
5	Fantastic food! Really excellent. My only suggestion for the restaurant: please serve red wine in red wine glasses. Otherwise a 5-star.
5	im not indian... but i've tried really good indian food and this place is pretty good!i always get the the two dishes that can never go wrong which is the chicken tikka masala and the tandoori chicken ( sorry if i spelled that incorrectly) anyways this place also has really good rice, its actually flavoredoverall my favorite place to eat in madison so far
5	I love this place! Nice and very friendly staff. My sister is a regular (and I would be if I lived on the west side!).  If you're craving Indian and do not know what to order, the lunch buffet is where it's at!  I'm one of those picky types, where decisions are difficult for me, so a buffet is perfect.  Plus, if you're not familiar with Indian food, then it would no fun if you chose something from the menu and ended up not liking it!And this place crushes all stereotypes of a buffet. It always is clean, the food is ALWAYS fresh (no crunchy rice), and they serve a wonderful variety of dishes. Chicken masala is my favorite with the vegetable fritters.   And they always bring the naan out right away, and it's so warm...mmm, just what you need on a cold day!Cheap too, I always leave stuffed and ready for a nap!
4	LOVE the lunch buffet, I probably go once a week, but the dinners are great too, and you definitely get a lot of food with each order.The restaurant is never very crowded, and once you get to know the waiters, they are EXTREMELY generous, and love to see familiar faces.
4	LOVE this place! great buffet for a very reasonable price. i wish i could go more often!
5	Don't let the empty parking lot and smallish looking restaurant fool you - this is some of the best Indian fare (and dining experience) you'll find in Madison.I'll admit...seeing the place from the outside didn't have me convinced, but since when did I start going to restaurants for their outdoor decor?The night 3 of us went for dinner, the place was empty, not another soul there.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating right off the bat, getting us situated with a table and bread before we had a chance to take our coats off. I love free stuff.At one point during the evening, we had 3 separate folks waiting our table...talk about service. All very friendly, trying to be helpful and clear things quickly.I didn't order a drink like my other two compadres, but the staff brought out chai for me, without asking, on the house.  It was phenomenal. And free. They had me at "on the house."Down to the food - everything was incredibly flavorful.  Our table had 2 chicken dishes (1 curry), 1 veg dish, and 2 sides of nan.  The chicken was done perfectly and melted in your mouth.  Portions are plenty big. We ate more than we should. In short, these guys know what they're doing.  Go.
3	I wanna gonna give 4 stars because the food was excellent BUT the service was terrible, so minus one star for that. The place was crowded and they didn't have enough waiters. When I asked the waiter to take a photo of me with the food, he said ok and never came back. When I asked for the bill, the waiter forgot. I ordered wine and they never brought it, I had to remind them that I had ordered wine.The food, however, was excellent. The daal was very tasty, and the chicken tikka makni was amazing. The mixed tandoori platter seemed really popular. I saw many people order plate after plate of meat on a sizzling hot plate, so I ordered it too and it was so tender (you get chicken, shrimp and beef).Bottomline: come here when it is not crowded.
4	I love the Indian buffet!!only on weekends and it cost 10 bucks,so very reasonably priced.  Tandoori chicken and naan is very good.
4	I still love the food here, but frankly we most often eat at the East side location.  I recently had a http://restaurant.com certificate for this location, though, so we made the trek over.  I was not pleased with the way my certificate was handled- they shorted the credit by a few dollars, and when challenged, had some goofy excuse. Not sure how, but three reasonable adults still racked up a bill over $68 before tip and AFTER a $25 coupon.  I also didn't like that the gin and tonic I ordered was $7 each- for RAIL gin!
5	Wow this place is amazing! I seriously could not stop eating.
2	Buffet variety is excellent. Taste is average by Indian food stds.
4	Good, authentic Indian food. Thanks Yelp for helping us find it.
5	I've only had Indian food on a few occasions, and most of it was either homemade by friends or limited to appetizers.  I was excited to try Maharaja because I had heard good things and it would be a new experience.They for sure do not disappoint.  We walked in to a quiet restaurant with only a few patrons for a late dinner, and were greeted by polite hosts, servers, etc.  Upon seating us, they pulled the chair out for my fiance and set her napkin which I thought was a nice touch.We mentioned to the server that it was our first time there and asked for some recommendations and he was very responsive.  He suggested an appetizer, the samosa, which was absolutely delicious.  He also recommended that for our meals we try the Mixed Grill and the Tikki Masala Chicken with Garlic Nan bread.  And to throw a little sweet into the mix with a Mango Milkshake smoothy.We did all of the above and it was fantastic.  Other waiters were prompt on getting us water, and there was only about 10 minutes between the appetizers and the meal which was a good amount of time to let things settle.  We also had some bread crisps with three different kinds of chutney to sample while we waited.  Overall, one of the best experiences I've had in Madison at a restaurant, I highly recommend.  I'm going back soon to try their $9 lunch buffet as it looks like the same food albeit at a more affordable price (dinner entrees are normally in the $$ range)
4	We wanted to try a new Indian restaurant and found this place near West Towne Mall via Yelp :) Service was exceptional! I've been in the restaurant business for over 10 years and they went above and beyond what I expected for a small family owned business.  We came in around 6pm on a Monday night and upon seating our party of 3, the server set our napkins for us and made us feel welcomed. (The restaurant wasn't too busy that evening so my rating may be skewed because of that)  I didn't give them a full 5 stars because they were ALWAYS there at the table or near by. I would suggest to them to be able to "read" the table better and adjust their services accordingly. But I definitely give them credit for being courteous and anticipating our needs, like asking if we'd like more rice. Food was delicious, spices were just right without being too spicy. The chutney's served in the beginning of our meal were tasty as well. We ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh, Lamb Masala, and Chicken Vindaloo. The meats were very tender and the curries were tasting light. We also ordered chapati and the plain naan which were amazing! This was the best naan I've ever had, texture was light and airy, so soft it melted in your mouth! We had Mango Lassi's to drink and complimented the spicy notes in our food. The Lassi was not too sweet and perfectly tangy. Pleasantly, at the end of our meal they brought out clean hot towels for us to refresh our hands with.We had leftovers and to my surprise the next day, the server had put a scoop of rice in the container for us to enjoy with our leftover curry! We will definitely be back!
5	Thanks to yelp we found a great Indian restaurant just 5 minutes from our hotel. We were in town for the Great Taste of the Midwest and needed some food after several hours of beer drinking. This place filled the bill. We started with the best samosas I have had - large and crispy with a very flavorful filling. All 3 of us really enjoyed our main courses. I had a lamb dish with tomatoes and mushrooms, husband had chicken tikki masala and daughter had paneer. I liked that they cooked the food to your spice level. We also had excellent naan (garlic flavor was the best) and basamati rice. Service was excellent and very prompt. We enjoy several Indian places in the Chicago area, and this was as good if not better!
5	We have never had a bad meal here.   We recently ordered some carry out and it was superb.  We ordered two different chicken curry dishes.The prices are a bit high but we are more than happy to spend more for good quality and Maharaja delivers.   The mango ice cream is delicious.The service was quick and very friendly showing interest in what we were doing the day we stopped by.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the background music very nice.
5	All the previous reviews are spot on. We loved this restaurant, best Indian food we've had in years. We had cheese pakora, mulligatawny soup, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken and aloo gobi. It was all delicious, but the tandoori chicken was the best.   And naan, can't forget that. Would definitely come here again. Friendly staff. We mentioned we were passing through and he said he knew we were newcomers, the others in the restaurant were regulars (some of whom were Indian,which is always a good sign)Stop here for good food.
5	This place is great!  I was looking for a great place for dinner with the bf and found this place; we ended up going there for the lunch buffet.  When you first walk in, the place looks a little on the fancier side and I had jeans and t-shirt on so I sort of felt a little under dressed.  After looking around though it was more that they just had nice decor because everyone else seemed really casual too.Their lunch buffet is $8.95 and completly worth it.  everything that I had was so good and flavorful.  They also had so many different varieties!!  I had the mango drink which tasted like a fresh squeezed mango, fresh!  For dessert I went with mango again and had the mango ice cream, cold!  That was good too.  All in all i highly recommend this place.  It was the only meal me and the man ate that day but it kept us full the entire day.  Ooooh and the naan is included in the buffet too!
5	Not only is the food great, but the staff always treats us like royalty.  I go in with my three young kids, by myself or to meet friends for lunch.  We are always greeted like old friends.  My kids love the chicken tiki masala, vegetable balls and mulligatawny soup--all mild.  I love the aloo gobhi and their lovely fried cauliflower in the sweet red sauce, among many other things.  Their chai is warming and good--just the right amount of sweetness and spice.Very family friendly.  The lunch buffet has a great variety of food.
5	WOW! This place made me love Indian food.  I had three entrees with my husband and all were good.  I can't wait to go for the lunch buffet to try different things!  The staff was friendly and the place was clean and well pressed.
2	This is one of those mediocre Indian restaurants that reek of complacency in just about everything they serve.I feel sorry for residents of Madison because there isn't a single good Indian restaurant in this city so they obviously don't know what they are missing out on.Fortunately 3 hours away in the city of Chicago you have the best Indian restaurants in the country AND cheap too.Thank god for that.The meat here isn't the best quality and definitely not fresh.Its frozen chicken.The biryani is a joke and more like a pulao.Service is slow but what will shock you the most are the prices.Wayyy overpriced for the mediocrity they dish out.Any Indian restaurant worth its salt that serves classic non-vegetarian food will NOT have south Indian cuisine on the same menu.That to me was a dead giveaway that food here was not going to be good and was I right.After dinner they were thoughtful to serve hot towelettes to wipe our hands with but one whiff and you could literally smell the dirty water they were washed in.Absolutely terrible experience.Will not go here again.
5	they are so great! the staff is super friendly at BOTH the east and west side locations! the lunch buffet for $9.99 = amazing. the west side location is cuter, more niche, but i am a fan of both. the food is amazing, definitely get the bang for your buck. will definitely be back, time and time again!
1	I have no words to describe this place. The food was just horrible. We should have just left after eating the Samosas. A place that can screw that up is definitely not worth going to. The rest of the food was crap too, including the water. Never going back here for sure.
3	Went here for the first time while visiting a friend, and I must say this place is pretty good. I'm a fan of indian food by far, and this place rocked. The only gripe I had was that they had a batch of Basmati rice on the buffet for a while and when I put it on the plate it was too crunchy. I told them about it, and thy immediately put out another pot of rice which was fresh.The mango ice cream was out of this world.I like this place, and would return
5	I absolutely love this place.  The staff is friendly and the food is DELICIOUS!!!  The buffets are great and so is any food you order off the menu.  I have never had a bad meal here before.  Every time we are in Madison, we stop by and have lunch or dinner or take an order out.  We are seriously going to miss Maharaja's now that we've moved to South Florida.  No Indian food lives up to this place.
5	I've had better Indian food once or twice but it has always been in bigger cities and has been much more expensive. The food is great and I highly recommend the buffet. I have never found an Indian place that match the quality at this value.
5	Fantastic!  You gotta go for the buffet so you can try a little bit of everything.  The paneer is the best!  The staff is super nice too.
3	My second Indian food experience, and it was not - Had the lunch buffet. Good food, good price.
3	You walk into the restaurant and the buffet looks really delicious with an overwhelming variety. The highlights were the mango ice cream, grilled fish, vegetable pakora and the homemade chutneys. The service was very friendly and attentive. The food is all way too mild. There should be, at least, one dish in an Indian restaurant that threatens to burn your face off. The dishes all look good but they left me very unsatisfied. In addition, all of the dishes seemed to be off temperature. It wasn't bad, but I am not ovewhelmed. The chicken tika masala was tough, the sauce was not thick enough and was, as I mentioned earlier, way too mild. I have a hunch, had I ordered off of the menu, the food would have been much better. The bread was more like pita and less like Naan and that's a shame because the bread is very important to me, for an Indian meal. There was a cabbage dish that verged on being fantastic. I probably will not have a Sunday afternoon craving for this place.  In the end, I found a few items that I liked, and I would probably give them another shot.
2	This is my first less-than-stellar review on Yelp, but the last time I went here, nobody was satisfied.  We have been before for the buffet (which if I remember well was pretty decent).  So we went for dinner when my parents and brother visited me in Madison.  I don't remember exactly what I got, but it was a vegan dish with peas as a star.  What I do remember is how very bland it tasted.  I'm no expert, but I'm also no stranger to Indian food.  The spicy tomato-y sauce that is a base/part of many dishes was water-y and lacked flavor.  I even ordered it "medium"!  My family all had similar complaints, though they all tasted mine and agreed that it was the worst of the four.  I t was very unfortunate because I LOVE Indian food.  And I love peas.  And I have generally liked the two in Madison, but this fell very short.
1	I have eaten in Indian places all over the country and this place ranks up there with one of the worst.  The wait staff is nice, the water stayed full, but the food is dead avg at best.  One of the reasons I love Indian food is the depth of flavor.  Last night I had to salt the lamb dish b/c it was so flat.  We have left overs which is usually a hot commodity for lunch the next day.  Neither one of us have touched them.  I've just moved to Madison and this is my first time here, but I don't envision returning anytime soon.
5	5 for Madison, 4 for Chicago.So either way it's about as good as it gets for Indian food here.We first went to the one in Milwaukee, then moved here, and found out the place in Milwaukee, which we thought was awesome, had 2 more here. YAY!So we've eaten here a bunch of times, usually carry out, nice portions, the price isn't too bad for Indian, which from my experience tends to be high priced, low portions compared to other cuisine.We love the Tandoori chicken, the curry sauce which comes with it, good basmati as well, hard to make that bad.We love the veggie appetizer plate, which includes samosa which is very good, and others, we like all of them, probably the least favorite is the cheese thing.Pakora is great.We love the breads, we order on the side, stuffed naans, prathas, etc.All in all great Indian food for anywhere, still could find better in a larger city like Chicago, NYC, or LA, but this is bumble-f___, WI. So be happy there is some decent Indian food.P.S. Also ate the buffet lunch one time, and it was a very good value, plus you get to try a whole bunch of different things you might not normally get to have. I suggest going at some point.
4	I ordered through "Straight 2 Your Door" when staying at a hotel in Middleton, WI. I had the Chicken Biryani and it was delicious. More chicken than in any other biryani I have had, and I have eaten in many Indian restaurants across the country. I would definitely order from here again.
4	BEST GOAT I'VE EVER HAD!!!...ok, yes this is the first time I've had goat, BUT I have had a lot of Indian food before and this was so good.I absolutely had to order the cheese nan for an appetizer. It arrived in about 10 minutes after ordering, which was fine since I nommed on some of the crackers with cilantro mint relish while I waited.  The nan came with four pieces with a mild cheese on tip, which was absolutely scrumdilliumptious.  For my entree I wanted to go a little crazy, so I ordered the goat malabar.  I was a little frightened, never eaten goat before...but I was super surprised and excited that it was tender, flavorful and totally awesome.  I ordered it mild and it packed quite a punch.  I love that you can order different spiciness levels.  Super plus!They have a great selection of Indian beer too which was fun to try.  I ordered the flying horse, which was a light and refreshing ale that cut the heat of the spicy dishes.The gentlemen working were very polite.  They pulled out my chair and placed a napkin in my lap.  I felt like an Indian princess!  The only con was that the decor was a bit dated, with a 1980's feel.  The carpet was old and dingy and they had fake flowers on the tables which were rapidly collecting dust, not romantic!  However, the wait staff was always willing to come and fill up water and ask us how we were doing.  It felt nice to be taken care of.  I'll definitely come again and order something else adventurous.
5	Excellent chicken Vindaloo. Great tea! Nice service, beautiful presentation. Good place, very reasonable.
4	Best Indian in Madison. This is my happy place. The dining room is always filled with other happy Madisonians mowing on Indian. Maharaja - do it. And be sure to order the masala tea.
5	The lunch buffet is great for a group or just a couple.  The food is wonderful and consistent.  If you always wanted to try Indian food but are afraid you'll order something and not like it, fear no more!  The buffet is a wonderful way to try a myriad of representatives of this fine international cuisine.  This is a favorite of my family and my coworkers (and I work with a large number of Indian citizens!)
5	Best Indian in Madison.  I've been coming here for the past couple years - the food is superb and only surpassed by the service.  On just my second visit, the manager recognized me and took the effort to have a conversation, learn my name, etc.  He's friendly every time I come in, treats me like a regular even if I haven't been around in a couple months.  He truly makes sure we have a great dining experience - and it's not just me, all customers seem to get similar treatment.  The food itself, I could go on forever - just try it yourself.  My favorites are the lamb vindaloo, madras, goat malabar, chicken saag, you can't go wrong.  Oh and the weekend buffets are a great way to try a bunch of delicious things too.
5	Delicious. We ordered dinner take-out, the Tikka Masala and Aloo Ghobi, both of which were fantastic. Naan delicious as well. Priced the same as all the other Indian around. Will be going back.
5	Incredible. Seriously.I live in an area with a large Indian population, and with really great places to eat. I went to this restaurant while in Madison on business. I was floored. Everything from the papadam and chutneys to the masala tea at the end was delicious. I had the lamb vindaloo, hot. The gravy was thick and spicy, and the lamb was tender. Naan was perfect. For desert masala tea and gulab jamun, both were outstanding. Service was attentive, friendly, and we were provided with scented hot cloths to clean after eating. My only wish was that they served their dishes thali, but I left so stuffed that I really didn't need it.If you are in Madison and like Indian food you must give them your business. You will not be disappointed.
4	The beginning of 2013 brought many resolutions my way (all of which I have kept thus far, thank you very much). One of those said resolutions was to try Indian food.  Wow. Have I been missing out. I am a fan of heat and spice. I find myself trying to find the next hotter sauce/spice. While I am not sure what it was, I think I found it. I found my breaking point in hot sauces. That alone will bring me back somewhere.Having gone on a Friday with a group of woman from work, I really had no idea what i was getting myself into for the lunch buffet. But I decided, heck, I'll try it. Worst case scenario I am out $10. Plus, I figured I had the chance to just try small bites of something I have never had before. Everything was warm/hot and nothing was sitting out for too long. I wish I could tell you everything I ate, but the two things that really stood out for me were the Tikka Masala and the sausage made with lamb (Which should really say a lot coming from someone who is a faux-vegetarian). The only thing that brings down my rating is the decor. I felt like I was walking into a 1980's banquet hall. Besides that, the staff was incredibly kind and helpful. Especially when I started to cry from whatever spoonful of hot sauce I foolishly poured down my throat. Will I be back? You betcha. Will I eat whatever magical sauce I ate that day? Darn right. Will I get the buffet? No. Because I like myself and like to be able to breathe after I am done eating.
4	Better than Swagat on Old Sauk for sure. And possibly better than Taste of India on Monroe!
5	We came here for a late lunch buffet on a Sunday, and we practically had the place to ourselves. There was a huge variety of foods on the buffet, with about a 50/50 split of meaty vs. vegetarian options. Most of the items weren't super spicy, which I'm sure they have to do on the buffet to meet most people's preferences. They bring naan to your table, and it is excellent! Tender yet chewy, and slightly buttery. YUM. Also, don't miss the mango ice cream, it is incredibly delicious and refreshing.
4	Woe is me, what took me so long to discover this place? And to think, all the times that I've craved Indian food, Maharaja was just a short drive away...My friend and I ordered the chicken tikka masala (mild), the fish curry (medium), and the regular naan. Our entrees came with a side of rice and a complementary flatbread appetizer served with tamarind sauce and two types of chutney (onion and cilantro). While the portions are small, the food is very filling - probably on account of all the carbs! :PAs for our dishes, the chicken was a little tough, but otherwise well-seasoned. I really enjoyed the creamy tomato base, and I was glad that I ordered it mild instead of medium because the medium fish curry was REALLY spicy. I was a huge fan of the battered catfish cooked in a garlic/ginger sauce, but I could only take so much heat. :( Service was impeccable. Our water glasses were always filled quickly and plates were cleared off the table as soon as we were done with them. The staff continually circulated by to see how we were enjoying the meal and seemed genuinely interested in any feedback we had about our dining experience.Just an FYI, the online menu is a little outdated. I wanted to order the chana masala but it wasn't an option on the restaurant menu. Fortunately, you really can't go wrong with any of the curries or masalas! Give 'em a try! :)
4	If the important things about buffets are the quality and variety of food stuffs, this place definitely has the latter. I couldn't help but try nearly everything; 3 plates and 2 dessert bowls later, I successfully gathered my parts together in time to write this review before falling into a very long nap. There was an appetizer table with fried goodies, chicken cooked at least 5 different ways, delicious veggie options, a soup bar, and a dessert table. Probably 6 different chutneys. I cried with delight when I spotted the idli and coconut chutney, and dosai with sambar. Seeing as those are some of my favorite Indian food items, it was hard to hold back. Late Sunday after noon, customers were still filing in on the regular. A wide range of people were dining here, from couples to families to large groups of students. It seems like they have plenty of regulars and a very diverse crowd at that. M- F $9.95 for the lunch buffet, and Sat /Sun will set you back ~$11.95.LaterzZzzZZz.
1	I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone for one reason. "PATHETIC CUSTOMER SERVICE". They really don't care about their customers as they know they are one of the very few Indian restaurants in Madison.  Food is very ordinary and they cheat on their timings. They mention they are open till 10, but stop taking people and orders by 9:30. Let them rather put they are open only until 9:30. They need to learn proper business etiquette. People come for food and they just turn them down without any kind of considerations. I hope we get better restaurant in Madison and we avoid going there.
5	The best goat curry and Kulfi!yum yum yum
4	I was in town for business and I used yelp to find a good Indian restuarant.  I enjoyed this place and if I find myself in Madison again, I would definitely go back.The atmosphere:  Sort of dark in the restaurant but it was well maintained and had a typical "Indian Restaurant" type decor.  There was Indian music playing but it was not too loud.  The service:  The service was very attentive.  My water glass did not go empty.  My food arrived very quickly (almost too quickly as I had just been served the crackers with sauces/chutneys).  Several different waiters were working together to ensure that everything a diner could want was there.  The Food:  Very good.  I ordered the lamb vindaloo and asked for it "hot."  Often when I go to Indian restaurants and say "hot" they actually serve it sort of medium.  This was pretty hot and my nose was running a bit and I drank a lot of ice water as well.  I also ordered a naan (with pistachios and raisins) and a mango lassi to drink.  I thought it was all quite good.  The only thing wrong was that some of the rice was a bit tough and hard.  I'm sure they would have brought me more rice but i just picked around it.  The amount of food was plentiful and I could only eat about half. When I was finished with my meal the water brought me a small dish of mango ice cream.  It was a little icy but I thought it was a nice end to the meal.
5	I think you would be hard pressed to find a better Indian restaurant in Madison. In fact some of the best Indian food I have ever had! The service was great and the atmosphere was a bit dark but cozy.
4	Maharaja is a great Indian buffet restaurant. You can try anything or everything, quality is good, no waiting. The atmosphere is very utilitarian but friendly. A great place to take hungry college students who want some authentic ethnic food!
5	The best Indian food and wait service I've ever had, from the complimentary papadums to the after dinner hot towel. Classy and very reasonably priced. Two nan orders, two entrees, for less than $40. Delicious!!!!!
2	Ok Indian buffet. You are brought fresh naan. Ask for more fresh. Don't bother with the soggy naan at the buffet. Potatoes were hard. But lots of chutneys and chicken dishes. The carrot halwa was not so good, its better elsewhere.
1	My husband & I used to love this place until we had takeout one night & found a dead roach @ the bottom of his briyani - can't eat there again!
2	One of the worse Indian food I have ever tried. I ordered Lamb Josh and the lamb was not well cooked and lamb biryani was also a big failure. Who the hell puts water chestnut in lamb biryani. The taste was also terrible. Will never go back :(
3	Was here twice in the last couple months. Once for a lunchtime buffet, which was spectacular, and most recently for a quiet dinner for two.I would give this place five stars if it weren't for the quirky service. As is the case with most establishments in Madison I've noticed lately, the service is often mediocre, inconsistent, or just downright bad. Unfortunately, in this instance, Maharaja was no exception.My dining partner and I were promptly greeted by a waiter at our table. Being that the menu is quite extensive and wanting plenty of time to pour over it, I indicated my indecision and told our server that we weren't in any rush. He must've taken that to mean to disappear for the next 30 minutes. During that time, my companion and I decided on an appetizer and I had some questions. Feeling like we were stranded on an island, I closed my menu a couple times as a lifeline signal. That didn't work. Frustrated, we finally flagged someone over. I was irritated that I could've spent all those wasted minutes noshing while pondering my meal selection.After a bit of a communication issue over the menu, we each put in our individual dinner orders. My companion relayed the drink choice: chardonnay, plus a Coke for him. Seeming confused, the waiter attempted to clarify. I interjected with a chuckle, "well, not in the same glass of course," referring to the soda and wine. Moments later, the waiter returned with a wine for me and what appeared to be a watery-Coke for him. It was obvious after the first sip: the chardonnay and Coke were indeed combined. Ummmm, did this just happen??!! Again our server remained MIA. Finally he returned with my companion's entree. But not mine. About a third of the way into HIS meal, my dinner finally arrived. Sorry, but that is just not acceptable. There was no apology and no indication of the extended wait time. Our service throughout the meal was spotty, with intervals of more frequent attention and drink refills. It is important to note that we showed up just as they opened at 5pm so the restaurant was not busy at all until a bit later into our meal. The food was very good, and mine was nice and spicy as I had requested. Perhaps this was just a fluke, but hopefully next time the quality of food will match the level of service.
3	So I want to like Maharaja but I have a hard time doing it. I live very close to the restaurant and it always smells delicious from the outside. Plus, how can you beat a well priced lunch buffet?! However, I LOVE indian food and have had some terrific foods in other states and this just doesn't stack up. Their naan isn't quite fluffy enough (not sure they cook it in a tandoori) and their food is a little too one note and a bit on the heavy side.
5	I went to this restaurant on a friends recommendation. Woo hoo I was pretty surprised with the experience. I'm from bay area and have been to many indian restaurants. On my recent visit to Madison, WI I've been to Maharaja restaurant. I ordered for Malai Kofta and aloo parathas that also came with a bowl of rice and a free desert(carrot halwa). I ordered it over the phone and went to pick up the food after an hour. The staff were really friendly and have to mention the potions were more than usually I get for one order in bay area. Malai kofta was spicy and well made to my taste and I liked the rest of the food ordered that day. Over all its a very good eating joint, good service, nice food and it was worth for what I paid for. I will recommend this place to my friends :)
5	I had Punjabi Saag and Shahi Paneer and both were delicious. I've eaten at Indian restaurants around the world and this is up there with the best that I've experienced. Staff very friendly and attentive. Right next door to an Indian grocery so I expected something really tasty and that's what we got.
5	I'll keep it simple. You are missing out if you don't try this place. It has the best Indian food with amazing service. All I can say is the next time you want to grab food, come here and you will leave happy and stuffed.We cannot wait to go back!
4	Overall a good place; a lot of selections and even had ice cream and a good amount of dessert. curry was a bit watered down, but still edible. Had the lunch buffet, was probably the most worth it.
4	Good service. Tandoori chicken was delicious with a little bit of kick. The sauce that came with it wasn't impressive but not bad. The lamb biryani was very tasty--moist and flavorful.
5	Do not hesitate, this is where you want to eat lunch. Just go there. Trust me. I am an Indian food fanatic, and this place is one of my favorite restaurants of all time! We were just visiting Madison for the weekend, but Maharaja lunch buffet is one of the many reasons I will be returning to this great city! At first I was disappointed that the buffet did not feature saag paneer (my favorite) but let me tell you, everything was amazing. I am kind of glad there was no saag paneer because I ended up trying a lot of dishes I had not tried before. There was not one single thing that was not delicious. Everything was spiced perfectly, just the right amount of kick. There was a desert soup - coconut pistachio - that was amazing. As a vegetarian, and a lover of scrumptious foods, this place was a delight. It is about 10-15 minutes from downtown if I remember correctly.
4	Nice restaurant, with very attentive staff.  Service was prompt and courteous. Rather large menu, with something for everyone. I has the Paneer Masala Dosa, which came with there sauces; coconut, a cold tomato based one and a spicy bean.  The portion was huge and delicious. I will definitely be back.
5	Great food and great place. We had the calamari as appetizer and the non veggie combination for two people. That's a lot of food, I think that was enough for three people :). Service was fantastic.
5	We ordered food for take out from Maharaja for a graduation celebration. The food and service were both excellent. Food was ready for pickup as planned. Food was freshly made and the quantity was more than generous for the number of people we had ordered it for. Everything we had was good but rasgulla was something special. It was the best we have ever had. I would definitely recommend it!
5	Maharaja was one of the first restaurants I came to when I first moved to Madison from Long Beach/Artesia CA (where some of the best indian restaurants in the country are) and maharaja shot up to the top of my list. Wonderful buffet, predictably good, wonderful wait staff. I highly recommend Maharaja!
5	Absolutely delicious!!! Great service.
5	There just aren't words in our vocabulary to describe how stellar the service is as well as the quality of the food. If you go in for the lunch buffet you get the best value for your money. We find that dinner tends to get on the pricey side, but the service makes you feel like a king and/or queen. The servers stay on top of your drink situation and do everything they can to make you comfortable. If you catch them at a slower time of the day, they will actually bring you a hot towel after your meal. We love this place and recommend it to all of our friends!
5	Yum yum yum! Great lunch buffet with many choices and flavors. Great for larger groups with ample space. Service very friendly.
2	Ordered Kadhai Paneer & Naan. The Paneer was extremely hard & did not taste authentic. Have had beter!
5	I often bring my wife and daughter here for the lunch Buffet. The reason I only come to the buffet is that my daughter and I can experiment with mixing the different sauces and trying new things since we're not very well versed in Indian cuisine. I don't know  nor care whether they are authentic because everything they have is pleasing to my palate. Wife really loves the saag. Service is always prompt.
1	Be very careful if you are using restaurant.com coupon . We were added 11 dollars of gratuity to our check without notice, and when asked about it, manager started talking very rudely. Food was also not good, it was kind of ok. And vegitarians beware, we ordered baby corn Manchurian, but got lamb Manchurian. Server was sorry and replaced it with gobi Manchurian . Not recommended, there are other much better indian restaurants in Madison
5	The lunch buffet was excellent with more choices than we had seen on other buffets. Both soups were delicious and there were several fish options. The owner was very friendly and helpful with our questions about the food.
5	The food is superb out here especially the masala papad and mint chutney,the service is awesome.Best destination to fill your taste buds with typical north Indian delicacy :)
5	The food here is amazing and the prices are reasonable. I would recommend dining in because the experience is much better and the service is great. In addition, much like Italian restaurants will serve you bread in the beginning, this place serves chips with special Indian dips, something you don't get when you take out. Take out has also been inconsistent at times, with the curry being a little too watered down for example, but for the most part has been good as well. Finally, this place also offers free delivery. Definitely one of my go-to restaurants for lunch or dinner.
4	The lunch buffet is good, lots of items. for $10 it worthes it! I love the mango Icecream especially. I love the goat meat stew, but I guess those are too expensive to have on the menu, they no longer offers sadly....
3	I went for their lunch buffet which was enjoyable. There was a nice selection so we left feeling quite satisfied.It was worth what we spent but no dish in particular stood out unfortunately. Therefore three stars for ok food at a fair price.
4	As a relatively new Indian food addict we've been trying out a few spots in Madison and finally made it here on a Friday night.  My review is a 4 due to the food receiving a definite 5, but the actual venue being more of a 3!  Food was outstanding...we had tandoori mushrooms, a tandoori sampler main dish and chicken madras with garlic naan.  It was all equally fantastic and some of the best indian food we have had!  Prices were as expected for dinner with us both having a drink our bill was $55.  We will definitely be getting food from here again (possibly delivered).The restaurant left something to be desired...dated interiors, cheesy plastic flowers on the tables, dead silent (no music) so it's awkward unless the restaurant is packed.  The bathrooms are pretty bad too.Overall...I would call this a dive indian place...worth the lackluster interiors for the dynamite food!
4	I went with the Mixed Grill and it was quite amazing and an okay value too.I chose a spicy level of "Hot" and it definitely had a good bite!Only downsides are that Nan doesn't come with the meal, the service was subpar, and I had about half as much rice as I needed for the meal.
1	I would rate them on their food if they could deliver it! These clowns had me wait 50 minutes after I ordered before deciding to call me to tell me that they were too busy! Did someone displace my order? Why didn't you tell me that 50 minutes ago! Thanks for wasting my time, learn to run a business. I'm sure you tikka masala is amazing.....
