5	I don't know why I didn't write about this place before.  It's a regular haunt of mine.  The owners who are always mistaken for regular staff because of "working" so hard and not just "managing" make this restaurant fabulous!     First the menu.  I haven't come across anything like it to compare it to.  The Chef is actually from France.  I say this because he constantly comes up with different food choices not expected from someone trained to cook in Europe. More West by Southwest than European.    Favorite Must Haves: Lamb Malotes, Prime Rib Tacos, Frutes de Mar and their desserts.   They offer "bite" size of most of their dessert menu so that you can try more than one.    When the weather is nice, they have a HUGE outdoor patio on the lower deck and when the evenings are nice an upper deck that looks over the views of Carefree.  Thursday nights include live Jazz musicians.    I think the thing that hooked my hubby and I was the first time we were ever there, "Tim" our bartender leaned over the bar, shook our hands, asked us our names, told us his and treated us like family.We've been going there three years now and they always remember our name!    If you have a special event that takes a party of five or less, call for a reservation and ask for the table in front of the fireplace by the front door..  They won't guarantee it, but will give it to you if they can.  It's the best spot in the house!    Did I mention they make an AWESOME red sangria?I could write on and on... you just have to check this place out!
5	Had a fantastic Sunday Brunch here last Sunday. Found the place by accident.....had been looking at open houses and got very hungry...after driving around we noticed lots of people walking down a little alley way and saw the Carefree Station Grill and Bar sign. We decided to follow them and came across a beautiful courtyard and restaurant.  My husband had the Texas Rubbed Rib Eye and Eggs with mashed potato on the side...which he said was very good. I had the Smoked Salmon Platter which was very tasty. The brunch comes with bottomless Champagne which is fun unless of course you are the designated driver : (   The Menu is quite extensive and there are many choices for everyone.It is a casual atmosphere, nicely decorated and very clean. The staff are friendly and efficient. On a cooler day you also have a nice courtyard to sit in and there is also an upstairs patio which I am unsure of the hours....the website recommends you call for the rooftop bar hours. We will be going back : )
1	One star for: Great tasking House Margarita, however expensive ($10.50) and small (maybe 5 oz.).Patio seating on the roof was great for fall.But:My "Vegetarian Chile Relleno" was stuffed with chicken.Our waitress didn't bring a drink to my kid after he asked for water.Slow service on the roof. Food is overpriced by about 20%. (I know it's Carefree, but it's silly.)
5	The Best Brunch in town!!! My husband and I recently discovered this place for brunch and now we go almost every Sunday its fabulous! We love the bottomless champagne offered as well as the great brunch selections. I love the Colorado Stack and my husband loves their breakfast burrito. The price and the portions are great.(between $10-$12 for entree includes champagne) Not over priced for all that you get. I would highly recommend this place for anyone who is looking for a great brunch spot. Brunch is served from 10am to 3pm only on Sundays. There website says otherwise but we recently asked and this is the correct time and day for Brunch only. Its a must try. :)
4	A fabulous choice in Carefree.  I can't believe it took me so long to visit!  The rooftop bar and dining is cozy, romantic and quaint!  I suggest you  make a reservation for that, as it is quite a coveted spot.  The menu is so extensive, with so many choices it's almost hard to choose what to eat.
5	great  food, in a beautiful outside setting, scenic views ( Indoor seating as well)
5	Excellent lunch experience. Fresh creative salads, wonderful sandwiches, excellent & friendly wait staff. Beautiful & yummy desserts. Would definitely return if I were in the area.
3	At the sight of the prices, I found this place to be a little greedy on the wallet. Nice setting, good variety on the menu as well as wine selection. However, there was a huge turnoff overhearing the waitress discussing an employee being fired, and I really thought that was very unprofessional for a restaurant employee to share that with guests. In addition, the waitress was seen touching her hair while serving food and that just really grossed me out.The meal was good, but honestly due to the prices and poor attitude and unprofessionalism of a staff member, I would not return.
4	Wonderful place with a great atmosphere. Didn't eat any of their special entree's but the egg rollls, calamari and spinach salad with chicken were all wonderful. Not the standard pub fare but a cut above - the jalapeno cream for the calamari was good enough to eat with a spoon, and the chicken in the salad was moist and smoky like great BBQ. And their ice cream was divine - not the usual out of the carton stuff  The service was terrific.  And the nightly specials on drinks and wine are incredible. At 50% off many of their wines are cheaper than you could buy them in the store, and they have a wonderful selection.With only a few nights in the area we're planning to go back here again - it was that good, that comfortable, and that great of a value.
4	I love the entire atmoshpere of this place. Both the indoor and outdoor seating areas are very warm and inviting. All of my meals have been delicious and very well prepared with various flavors of the southwest. Food is always fresh and the extentive selections keep me coming back for more. My service has always been outstanding and I love the wine selection. A very quaint getaway!
3	The name Carefree, especially to the uninitiated in the context of Arizona, conjures an image of an idyllic, expensive, possibly old money paradise where all undesirable elements and rough edges have been safely "sanitized" out of existence. In my experience, that's not that far from the truth. However, the purification process is not perfect, and some remnants of the outside world have survived the cleansing.Carefree Station, in the sparse Spanish Village area with expansive outdoor seating for the appropriate months and few diners below the age of 50, is the haven of one such out-of-place artifact, a schizophrenic (or quantum, depending on one's nerd background) ethnic menu that, sharing in inspiration with a chain named after a decadent dairy dessert, not only can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, it can't even decide what it wants to be in the present.(Traditional) American?Cajun/Creole?Chinese?Japanese?Mexican?Southwestern?Thai?As might not be surprising, the result of the identity disorder was somewhat above the meager expectations of thoroughly average for the unfortunately heavy "sushi nachos" ($15) with surprisingly solid ahi, but the unforgivably bland thai beef ($15 for the petite) did not fare as well in the initial international evaluation.Desserts are huge, the best part of the meal, and a bit more rationalized. The summer sorbet special was a light, refreshing, if a bit too sweet compliment to the more flashy chocolate volcano cake, replete with hard cocoa shell and a stream of fiery rum lava.I'd probably never come here (again) on my own by choice as I'd rather exit the bubble to a nearby town with more options, but the Carefree Station is a surprising oasis of commensurately priced character and culinary chutzpah in an otherwise antiseptic city.
4	I went to Carefree Station for the first time and had brunch. I absolutely loved the atmosphere, especially the outside tables which were very romantic. It was way too hot out to sit outside though so we sat inside, which was pleasant as well. The wait staff is extremely attentive. We were seated with menus, and asked what we would like to drink within 1 minute of arriving. The menu is very eclectic, with fancy brunch options such as Crab Benedict, and Stuffed French Toast with strawberry cream cheese. I went for the crepes filled with mascarpone and ricotta cheese, covered in the cobbler for the day (peach). Dee-licious. Not to mention the complimentary champagne that gets re-filled when you're done. (Nice touch!)My boyfriend had the breakfast burrito, which came with refried beans and potatoes. Of course, I had to sample his meal, and let me tell you...those potatoes were perfect. Just the right temperature so that I didn't scar the roof of my mouth; seasoned perfectly, and not too hard, not too soft. His burrito was good, but I wasn't in the mood for something so heavy so it didn't wow me. I am definitely going back to try the Crab Benedict, and enjoy some more champagne. This place has managed to jump on my list of regular joints in one try.
5	Love this place the lunch menu is great, I enjoyed the jicama tacos and the carefree cooler is a really refreshing drink to sip while sitting on the patio. Traci my server was so helpful and a delight she was very warm and inviting. I would recommend her and the carefree station any day of the week.
5	Looking for something special...this is it. I love this place. I go here for that special date night, or the I just need a good night out night. I can not say enought about the staff. The owners make you feel like family.If you see Linda one of the owners, you will feel like you are meeting an old friend. .the menu is every chefs dream. just waiting for you to enjoy. Do not miss the sunset deck..or the outside garden eating area.. it's a must see and eat Joann Hardy
4	overall, a great place.  The food was great, the service was not so great.  This place is focused around a huge spirits & wine selection and I would have partaken, but I wasn't in the mood.  I will need to try it again before i review more....
5	A favorite!  Great food, good service and atmosphere. Love the outdoor  courtyard the atrium and upstairs dining with an awesome view.  What more can you ask for!
4	went here  for bfast one day and IT WAS AWESOME. nothing to say but AWESOME. went two days later for dinner and was not as impressed but the food was good. too $$$ for my blue collar budget, steak was ok, duck was great. we all had different soups and they were all GREAT. we will try them again next trip.
4	Very tranquil place to eat with a beautiful patio. The menu has a variety so no problem finding something that you'd like. Just right portions and can't beat the complimentary Champagne with brunch.
4	Carefree Station is becoming our go-to place when we hit that "I don't know...where do YOU want to go"  point.  We have had consistently good food every time we got here.  The menu is a bit...eclectic, I'll agree, but we have tried many of the items and have yet to be disappointed.  Yes it is a bit of an older crowd, but when you live north of the 101, that's generally what you get.Some of our favorites include the fondue, roasted beet salad, asian short ribs and the prime rib tacos.  It is nice that you can order half or full portions depending on your appetite.We also love the summer specials from the bar that include half price on their extensive beer menu, and also some wines (and not just the junk wines) and half off bottle or glass.  That alone would keep us coming back.However the good food friendly service and nice atmosphere both inside and out are what make this restaurant a regular on our dining out rotation.
5	I've been to Carefree Station three times now and loved it every time. I discovered it from a friend's raving recommendation. The first time we went in, we sat inside at the bar (it was a rainy day). Big baskets of tasty homemade chips greeted us at the bar. The bartender was friendly and funny we were given HUGE food and drink menus. We had the Nachito appetizer - fancy little nacho bites with delicious toppings. I enjoyed a Franziskaner beer and my boyfriend had a local seasonal brew. Based on this preview, we knew we'd be back. Plus my friend had said that we had to make sure to sit upstairs in "Bev Heaven". Fast forward a couple weeks later, we found our way to Bev Heaven. A rooftop set up with a bar and tables with panoramic views. Beautiful place to enjoy the sunset!Per my friend's recommendation, we stuck to the "La Familia" menu - a great collection of authentic recipes from Mexico.Their chips and salsa are generous: 3 bottles of salsas (regular, avocado, and habanero). It was difficult to stop eating them to save room for dinner.  I've had the pork tacos and the machaca burrito (both excellent) and my boyfriend is enamored by their chicken tinga tacos. What really makes their food exceptional is their use of sauces/marinades/spices... great flavor! CF Station features great, albeit confusing summer drink specials (they have a massive book of beers, wines, cocktails and certain items are marked down for the summer). I've really enjoyed their margaritas. My recs: hit Bev Heaven on a nice evening/night and order from the La Familia menu. While we managed to be squeezed in without reservations on a Friday during the Spring, they do strongly recommend reservations, especially for good weather/weekend nights.
4	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! Dining at Carefree Station was an unexpected excellent surprise. We came here with family this past weekend and from the service to the food to the ambiance, everything exceeded our expectations. The staff was extremely nice and very helpful. When asked, they offered their suggestions on what was a must have, etc. The owner greeted our table and told us we "must" get the cheesecake for dessert- boy was she right. Even the chef came out to say hello and see how our meal was! This was such a nice touch to an already wonderful meal. All seven of us loved our meals. The boys got the steak and couldn't stop raving- saying that even after eating half of it, they still craved more. I had the halibut special with "forbidden rice." OMG, this is a dish I won't soon forget. The asparagus "chop sticks" were a nice and extremely tasty touch. The cheesecake for dessert was unbelievable, however we didn't care for the lava dessert- too much alcohol and not enough cake, but alas, everything else rocked. I've lived in Phoenix for sometime, and live close to Carefree... I can't believe I had no idea about this gem. Now that I know, I can't wait to go back again and again and try more things on their extensive and interesting menu!
4	Queso dip was quite tasty and a very generous portion for the price.  Some excellent beers here - maybe 7 or 8 craft taps, and a good bottle list.  They also have a Whisky Book, Tequila Book, and more.  Bartender was a sub, or so she said, and holy Moses she was clueless.  Cool atmosphere with the outdoor seating.  One of the chefs was very nice too, Matt?  Anyway, good restaurant, and a rather undiscovered place for happy hours... at least in late August.
5	LOVE this place.  Went for the first time last night and look forward to going back.We sat on the beautiful rooftop bar and had the Supreme Margarita and the Apple Margarita.  The Apple one was very sweet...which we were told...but was very delicious.  The Supreme one was great.  A little small though...but delicious so I just ordered another!For food we tried the sushi tacos with Ahi.  YUM. Absolutely delicious.  Totally recommend.  We also had the carne asada which was fantastic.  It came with 3 different sauces - the green chile one (don't remember the exact name) and the jalepeno cream were the best.I cannot wait to go back here and eat in the garden.  WOW.  Great atmosphere.  Can't wait to bring friends.
4	Very pleasant and surprisingly good.Had a very good meal on the rooftop with great service.The flaming Greek cheese was excellent.
5	I can't say enough about this place. If you want to impress the one your with.... Everything on the menu will do the job!
5	This restaurant is everything that Carefree is about.  Great food, goregous roof-top seating, laid back atmospehere -- I love it.  The duck and the prime rib were generous in their portions, and their midnight rice with coconut infused was something completely out of ths word.  The duck fat french fries were also a nice acoutrement if you've never had them before, but not unlike those available at other establishments.  Grilled wedge salad = perfect dish to cool you off after an appetizer  (flaming saganaki was great for being outside of a greek restaurant)One warning, they have lots of versions of margaritas, any of which I would recommend above the apple pie margarita -- it was fall-like, but just didn't work with the tequila (perhaps rum would have been the better addition!).Our server was excellent -- it was the most "European" meal we've had in a while.  Meal was not rushed, server encouraged us to take our time, and was more than willing to provide numerous recommendations when asked.We love this place and will be taking guests here if they want the authentic Carefree experience -- fancy food, yet laid back.
5	Outstanding all around.  Atmosphere, food and service.  I highly recommend!
5	I love to sit at the Bar with Gary and Thea.   The buffalo meatloaf is amazing.   Don't fill up on too many chips as they are extremely addictive.   This is a great date place.   ENJOY!
1	Not impressed. One of the worst dining experiences. I'm hoping that for Carefree Station's sake, we came on an off day. I don't know how they could stay in business otherwise. Poor service and inedible food.We relied on the previous yelp reviews to find a quaint lunch spot in Carefree on a weekday. We found a nice spot outside on the edge of the patio, and they even allowed to have our pup. About 10 minutes later, our server came to take our drink order. I asked for a lunch recommendation, and she responded with the standard "everything is good." Sure....Me: "well what's popular?"Server: "the turkey and chicken sandwiches"I went with the turkey sandwich and my mom got the mexican combo with one chicken taco and tortilla soup.About 1 hour and no drink refills later, the food arrived, and I almost wish it hadn't.  The indian flatbread was an interesting concept for a sandwich, but the poor quality of meat, disgusting cheese, and cold bacon made it. The sweet potato fries were alright. My mom took about 1 bite of her soup, which was COLD, and a few bites of her taco before she gave up. I tried the chicken and she was right: it was dry, warm, and had no flavor.The manager comes by 10 minutes later: "everything okay?" We told her we hadn't had any refills and were about to tell her about the food when she sped away after the iced tea pitcher. The iced tea never made it, because the manager starts chasing down a woman asking her if she had paid her bill.Woman: "I left the bill on the table, and maybe if you had more than one server, it would have been picked up sooner. Check with the busboys."Manager: "The server said the money is not on the table. The server is sure she didn't see it."Woman: "Are you accusing me of not paying? This is ridiculous. This is the worst service I have ever experienced. I will never return here, and I will tell all of my friends to avoid this place." The woman storms off and the busboy comes out a few minutes later to tell the manager he picked up the bill.If this episode weren't enough of a disruption to our "carefree" lunch, the bill did not arrive for us for another 15 minutes. The lone server was running around the patio looking frazzled after being called out by the screaming woman. I felt sorry for her. What was the management thinking? ONE SERVER DURING LUNCH TIME. I understand times are tough, but come on.Total time spent sitting outside: 1 hour, 45 minutes.Total time spent actually speaking to our server: 20 seconds.Total iced teas between the two of us: 4 (we got one pity refill from the server when the bill came).Kudos to the ambience. They really created a nice vibe with the outdoor patio. Definitely the type of place you could sit back and forget about the world. Now if only I had forgotten about the food and the service...
4	Loved this place!  Great ambience, nice and relaxed with a hint of sophistication.  Hubby loved the extensive beer list.  I had a steak which was cooked perfectly and had a magical rub on it that ranked in my top 3 steaks of all time.  They also have a very eclectic menu, so there's something for everyone here. Would go back in a heartbeat!
5	For December 25, I had made a reservation at 12:15PM at the restaurant. Upon arrival, the host curtly told us that the brunch menu was off and we had to order from the other menu (read, expensive).I looked for the manager, Tim Buell and complained about this. He, immediately ordered the server (Jessica), to give us whatever we wanted from the Brunch menu.This is Client Sensitivity... Tim saw a problem and reacted to make it a positive experience...Well done!And, the server, Jessica, was friendly and efficient.This was a good Christmas Day experience.Alex Gehr Anthem, AZ
1	Come on folks, yelp only works if we're honest and this place is all about 5 star prices for 2 star food and service.  I can't even give it a 2 star because of the deception.  I'm guessing this place caters to people who live the diabetes lifestyle . . . sorry.  High fat, high sugar, high sodium and large portions.I have never been served a saltier main course than I had here.  You could not taste the food, only salt. The chef's solutions to mid quality ingredients seemed to be to keep adding more - every dish had too many ingredients and was large.  They have small portions on the menu yet the waitress dissuaded us from them in most cases.  This is the kind of place that makes a salad unhealthy.The servers and bus people kept insisting how great everything (food & drinks) was when it simply wasn't.  The service was fine, if you don't mind asking for every single thing at least three times.  I get that they were run off their feet, but what's a diner to do?On a positive note, he ambiance was nice, the staff were nice and I was given a good wine recommendation.
5	While staying at The Boulders, the concierge recommended we try the Carefree Station, saying it was one of his favorite places. Then, as we were getting our car, another person working there said it was his "favorite place on the planet." A good sign!The entrance is rather hidden and felt kind of spooky at night. You walk down this little narrow walkway. But then it suddenly opened up to a fairy tale. Dining al fresco. White Italian lights glittering against the night sky. Cheerful banter and the sound of clinking wine glasses. Is this heaven?We managed to get an outside table -- shoot, I would have waited for one for as long as it took. Props to our server Ben who walked us through the menu and made sure we were taken care of that evening. There is the regular menu that made this place famous. However, there is a La Familia menu that started because there are a number of Mexicans that work in the kitchen. When they would cook for themselves and the staff, they would make the food they were taught as kids and the owner thought, why not offer it to patrons? So he created a dedicated Mexican menu that doesn't disappoint. We are chatty people and before I knew it, the manger had pulled up a chair (it was toward the end of the evening) and was offering us tastes of other items on the La Familia menu. Good lord these were awesome! I am a Mexican food nut. And this is unbelievable Mex. We even go to chat with some of the cooks and had just the most magical night I can remember in a long time. I know that people go to Carefree Station for their regular menu. But having had the La Familia treatment, I would never order anything but those specialties. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
2	Gordon Ramsey would take one look at this menu and scream. It's Asian. It's American. It's Mexican.  It's confusion. Even though this is a casual place, they have a wine list that aspires to be The French Laundry's wine list. I can't imagine going to a place like this and ordering a $180 bottle. Totally incongruous with the menu, the decor, the waitstaff, and the conspicuous absence of a sommelier.  Lastly, my wife ordered a dish that had a hidden surprise -- a grilled habaniero pepper. No warning whatsoever. She was in tears from the heat. Not enjoyable to say the least.  There's no excuse for that.
4	I am always looking for local breweries.  Hit the place up on my own since I was by  myself in town on recommendation from some people.I had an IPA which was nice.  The atmosphere was awesome. Waitress was friendly and the BBQ chicken pizza was very good. Over all happy with the place and would love to come back with a group of people.
4	Flew into town to visit a friend. She brought me here for dinner. Had the calamari for appetizer and baby back ribs. The ribs were excellent. It was fall-off-the-bones good!!! I don't live in AZ but I am coming back to this place soon to try other items on the menu!!!
3	The food was tasty, however the experience was sub-par.  We understand we came on a Friday night with no reservation, but were told it would be about 20 minutes.  It turns our we waited over an hour and when we were seated it took over 15 minutes before our server came to get our order.  We sat on the patio, which was beatiful, but it was a little too cold outside.  They have several heaters outside, which made it more cozy, however they decided to move our heater to another (more deserving party I guess), without asking if we were cold.  It then took over 30 minutes to get the check, and our drinks were never refilled.  We had the Seafood Stew, Ribeye, Salmon, and Chili Con Queso which all tasted delicious.  I just wish we hadn't had such a poor experience with the wait and server.  I may return because the food was so good.
5	I've lived in Cave Creek/ Carefree for 5+ years now and am a native of Scottsdale. This is one of the best restaurants in AZ. Owners are great and the bartender Gary is phenomenal. I suggest the Mexican food and eating in the bar.
2	Underwhelmed in almost every way.I'll start with the good--the ambiance and decor is very nice. Sitting outside is relatively comfortable even in 90-degree whether. That's about where the niceness ends, though.The service is painfully slow. My table sat down at noon. It was 12:20 before any of us saw drinks, and 12:50 before we saw any food. The refills were slow, table clearing was slow, the check was slow, etc. I just don't want to make a 90 minute investment in lunch, not even counting transit time. The waitstaff has essentially no personality--no friendly conversation, no check-ins, no nothing.The food is rather atrocious. I ordered a tuna melt with sweet potato fries and mixed greens. The tuna melt was cold when it came out, and was so fatty and salty that I could barely eat it. The mixed greens, on the other hand, were for some reason warm. When greens are warmed, they wilt. The sweet potato fries were cold and limp.. absolutely disgusting. I should not be able to fold a piece of sweet potato in thirds without it breaking. I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.
1	Terrible, terrible service, ....hey.. Thanks Beth!! I'm not coming back. There are too many good restaurants in this area to put up with poor service and management that is to arrogant to make sure their dinners enjoy their meal and evening,.
2	I was looking forward to going to Carefree Station. We found out about this restaurant from a friend. We thought it would be a nice place to bring our daughter for her graduation. So here is the review. My wife and I went to check out the restaurant for lunch to see if we would like to return for dinner with the rest of the family. In short NO ! The setting of the restaurant is nice enough to say it COULD be so much more then it is.We asked to sit inside and the place was less then 1/4 full.. We were told we could sit on the covered patio...ummm WHY ? Ok we sat on the covered patio but would have much preferred inside. Our style of dining is un rushed. They got that so kudos on that ! We ordered 2 lunch entrees and they arrived presented very well. The eyes were pleased. The eyes were pleased the palate was like the street the restaurant is located on. HO HUM !!!More then anything else, the restaurant needs an identity. Make up their mind as to what they are going to do. It misses the mark by a long way in this area. Next, use the suroundings to better serve the purpose. Lastly, the desserts were not good at all. Alot of hype with no substance.I wsh it were better. Sorry CFS.
2	Dear Carefree Station,     What has happened to you? You used to be one of the few good places out here, but now it seems you are Sybil......Like one yelper said...Are you American? Are you Asian? Are you Mexican? You used to be what I would call Southwestern. My husband and I loved your prime rib tacos and half price drinks in the summer....sitting at the bar or outside in the courtyard. I could overlook your multiple personality disorder, if only your food was good. The last 3 times I've been there, the food came out cold, was poor quality, and just didn't live up to what it used to be. Carefree Station, I believe you are hanging out with the wrong crowd. Your servers are not acting in your best interest. They are so SLOW (here, let me say it again....sssssllllllllloooooowwww), unfriendly, and overall seem unhappy to be there. Based on this alone, I will not come back. (Recommendation: don't sit on the rooftop deck if the bar isn't open.....you will never see a refill on your drink if the server has to go back down the stairs to get it...and if the server is 'kind' enough to do it for you, you will have to put up with his snarky attitude). This is a consistent theme.  These people are taking advantage of you and costing you money....Carefree Station, I am very worried about you....I think you are in a bad place and if you don't pull it together, you may just go over the edge. I think you need to see your therapist, get back on your meds, integrate your personalities, and hang with a new crowd. If you do this, I will be able to be your friend again.....Sincerely, JenniferP.S. (I gave you two stars simply for your ambience....)
5	Food is good, ribs were fall off the bone tender. Brandon was a huge fan of the Mac and Cheese which certainly has a kick!What I really appreciate is the manager's attitude. John's great! He really cares about the customer and making things right. I used to review restaurants professionally, and he really gets it. Go here if you want great service, and chug some half priced beer!
5	This place was a very pleasant surprise.  Im one of thoses pickey eaters that always has a problem with their food.. That is, untill I went to the Carefree Station. I sat in the patio area which is more of a shaded garden and quite beautifull at that.  Being the picky eatter that i am, i settled on the breakfast burger.  When it arrived I was quite taken.. Instead of your average bacon and egg burger with patato chips, i saw before me a veritable artistic masterpiece. To my delight, it tasted every bit as good as it looked.  Each bite was a culinary symphony of flavors.  All of the ingredients were fresh and cooked to perfection.  Then, to top it off, there was the artisan bun... Well i must say that it puts me at a loss for words, something that rarely happens.. Aside from the beautifull food and ambiance, the friendly server's and final price made the whole experience seem magical..
4	Been three times with friends and family.  Always good experience.   If you are here and it is not too hot you will enjoy sitting outside.
2	I'm not sure how this place has so many good reviews because it seems like the exact sort of place that would be on a TV restaurant fix show. The menu is really eclectic in a confusing sort of way. There is asian food, mexican food, cajun food, greek food, bbq, american, etc. The inside of the restaurant is unspectacular and had an awful odor when we visited. We sat outside in the patio area, which is definitely charming. The outside area is the only reason this place is 2 stars instead of 1.Prices on the menu are high, for drinks and for food. This would be okay if the drinks and food were better. My $12ish margarita was pretty much all sweet & sour mix. The cheese enchiladas were average and I didn't care too much for the sauce (really spicy without much else flavor). The outside area is really cute and adorable. If the drinks were cheaper it'd be a great spot to sit out & relax (and then eat food somewhere else).
5	Wow this place is amazing!! I went out to eat here last night with my girlfriend and the ambiance was fantastic! We started with the crab bread pudding which was highly recommended by the manager there Brock! Boy was he right it was melt in your mouth good!! then for dinner I had the Sea Bass and my girlfriend had the Swordfish! The Sea Bass was cooked so perfectly and the sauce they put on the dish is amazing! Best fish meal I have ever had! My girlfriend also ranted and raved about how delicious hers was as well! After we ate our dinner Brock came back over and asked how everything was and recommended that for dessert we try the un beet lievable parfait. For as much as I don't like beets I was so impressed with how good that was too!! I will definitely be coming back here!!
2	This meal was mediocre at best and it cost $104 pre-tip FOR LUNCH. The margarita, which wasn't even that good (based on ingredients, it should be far cheaper) was $14.  Honestly, if it was homemade or a little effort had been put in, I would've rolled my eyes at the price but I certainly would've understood. I go to any Mexican joint and have that exact margarita for $4.00. It really is absurd.  Considering their patrons are mostly retired people, this is basically elder abuse.  Overcharging old people because they don't know better.The food was ok.  My husband got the huevos rancheros which was probably the best meal out of the bunch.  I got the General Stack - the potatoes were underdone, though crispy.  I was STARVING and managed to eat more than expected I felt sad every time I took a bite.  Oh, and it only came with two eggs and they promise three (but now I am just nitpicking).  My dad got the shrimp tacos - we took one home for my grandmother to eat.  She loved it, which is a terrible sign.  My dad seemed to think it was "fine" but it costs $14 for two tacos.  WHY GOD WHY!?The highlight was our waitress.  She was delightful.  Very attentive and funny.  We liked her very much.  So a big thank you to that woman for excellence at her job.The ambiance of the place is nice.  We sat by a fire and enjoyed that.  Honestly, there are some pretty decent restaurants around the area and you should frequent those way, way before this place.  I know they have a great patio (it is raining, we didn't get to sit there) and that is a definite plus but it cannot be worth the sub-par food/drinks.Check our Cafe Bink before this place.  You'll get better food/drinks and pay way less.
5	As good as we remember!  Love the Southwest Benedict and the Crab Benedict.  Both were beyond magnificent!
5	I love this  place.  You can sit in the outdoor garden, where the trees that surround you are lit with little white lights or in their atrium that has a beautiful fireplace and views to the outside or in their inner dining room, oh plus they have seating on their rooftop which looks beautiful.  I've only sat in the atrium and the outdoor garden.  My husband got the traditional eggs benedict that came with home fries and fruit.  I got the strawberry cream filled stuffed french toast that also came with fruit and I ordered the compote on the side, which was warm and delish.  You have your choice of stuffing the french toast with the strawberry cream or the compote so the way I ordered, I got both and ate all of it.
4	Once we figured how to enter threw the enclosed patio we made it to the hostess stand and got seated. The menu is all over the place meaning all kinds of styles of food are offered and they have multiple menus even at lunch time. Overall I thought the Spa Menu Salmon Taco Plate was surprisingly good. Instead of a taco shell they thinly sliced fresh juicy jicama ! That's a great idea and it made the tacos very light and refreshing. I was so happy that the salmon tasted fresh and not fishy and was seasoned OK. The plate also came with grilled pineapple and grilled vegetables. The only thing I didn't like at all was the guacamole because it was dark and mushy with a weird thin texture and not such a good flavor. But it was only in a small amount of the taco so I could tolerate it. Overall it was a very nice plate anyway and I'd love to have it again when I'm up here on a hot sunny day.My husband had the Enchiladas sampler plate with what they called green chile fideo. He liked his plate and said the enchiladas were tastier than he was expecting but the green chili fideo was OK but just seemed like spaghetti with a south west sauce on it instead of toasted pasta like it should be. But he was still overall happy with his meal.Bigger hits than misses.Worth a try!3.5 stars.
3	I went here for a nice Valentine's day meal. I made a reservation for the atrium but we were originally sat at an inside table. I spoke to the hostess and she got us to our desired table. The food was fantastic service was not very good and the waitress was short with her replies and made my fiance inferior for asking about a sauce. However my fiance did order a cocktail that she did not care for and they tried add cranberry juice to it to give it less of a "boozy" taste. That was nice. She ended up getting the cocktail switched to a soda and we were not charged for it. The atmosphere was nice but don't expect to be in and out in a timely manner.
4	Because it was too cold to eat upstairs on the patio, we ended up at the counter in front of the kitchen, which turned out to be great. This place has an amazing wine and beer list, with detailed descriptions. The menu is varied with options like game dishes, Thai food, fish plus a large offering of Mexican food. The staff is pleasant and fun. Try this place!
4	We went here only because my mother wanted us to try it, and it is her 80th B'day. I would have avoided it like the Plague because of the Yelp reviews. So we sat down for brunch.The setting is quite nice, with seating available both inside and out. Our server was very good, attentive to details but not intrusive. He was able to give useful advice on what to order.  The menu is eclectic ranging from Ahi, to burritos and crepes. It is always a concern that it would be difficult to do this many things well. We didn't really explore the limits of the menu much, and stuck to eggs benedict, Southwest benedict, and Heuvos rancheros. All of which were very good. The Heuvos had a pork verde, and the Southwest had house made chorizo and grilled masa cake. The hollandaise was actually pretty good. This was particularly important to my wife after an experience years ago at a french bistro in Sarasota FL where I nearly got into a fist fight with the chef when I sent the food back because the hollandaise was thin, curdled, and tasteless. The "chef"/owner claimed that  I lacked an appreciation for the more sophisticated, and traditional,  sauce he had created. I attempted to politely address his claim by telling him, "A pimply faced high school chef at Denny's could make a better sauce." Things went downhill from there. I digress. So the sauce was reasonable and my wife's blood pressure decreased after my announcement.The prices are not cheap, each dish was about $15, but this is a tourist area and my primary concern was to get reasonably good food. This place exceeded my expectations and I would go back.
4	The menu is eclectic which usually makes me nervous, but it turned out to be ok. The crab bread pudding is an appetizer but could easily be paired with a salad as a meal.Went with the family and we all had different entrees - each of them was quite yummy. But the best part was the creme brulee for dessert. Each day a new flavor - we had the maple brown sugar accompanied by chocolate dipped bacon. Yep, it's as good as it sounds! It's a little confusing to get into, the location is a bit odd, and the menu can be a bit overhwelming. Overall it was a good experience.
2	The restaurant ambiance was great.  The menu is extensive, including food, wine and beer.  Our service was bad.  We had reservations at 6:00 and were seated promptly.  Our waitress took our drink order, and it took her about 20 minutes to deliver the drinks.  We order our dinner promptly, sensing that it might take a while.  However, we weren't counting on it taking an hour and fifteen minutes.  During this wait, our waitress never checked back, nor did a manager stop by.  When we received our entrees, we ordered another round of drinks; this time it took the waitress 25 minutes to deliver a beer and a glass of wine.  At the end of our meal, we sat there waiting for the check and eventually had to flag down a manager in order to pay.  I will say that the food was good, although not as hot as it should have been.  All in all, this was a marginal experience, and we will probably not return.
2	Bizarre. Cheerfully greated by hostess. Offered and accepted dining room on roof. The chairs were dirty and the vinyl tableclothes charming. Very slow service, maybe it was the server who belonged at 24 Hour Fitness front desk. Food was ok; when we asked for cheese atop our pasta his response was "oh there is enough cheese in there"...........WHAT?!
1	It's a pretty place with the plants and twinkly lights and the managers were nice, but I would never go back there nor would I recommend it to anyone. The waitress was very rude about my request for a meat-free meal. She claimed they could not make any substitutions, including my request for my meal to be of the healthier variety, which was an option listed on their menu ("spa mex," I think they call it). We got a new waiter, who was happy to accommodate me with a meatless burrito. Unfortunately it was no good. It was soggy, lukewarm zucchini inside a soggy, lukewarm cabbage leaf. The whole thing was watery with no substance and little taste. In addition, our meal took at least 45 minutes to arrive, despite it being a half full Wednesday evening, and it was so dark in the eating area we could not see our food. The managers tried to be extra nice after our first waitress was rude, but it really made the whole thing uncomfortable and awkward.
1	Expensive meal that still hasn't come after an hour and forty minutes. Made reservations in the early afternoon, and the table wasn't ready in time. When we were finally brought to the table, it still wasn't ready and we had to stand around while they prepared it. Took one hour for a salad to arrive. Waitress never checked in on the table, completely disappeared and never offered us bread or water. No one talked to us. Awful.
1	Horrible, overpriced food with horrible service.  Very slow service.  Manager didn't care at all when we brought our horrible experience to his attention.  Will not ever go back!
2	Thankfully we were with friends that made the evening worth remembering, because the wait time and the food were not leaving lasting good memories. The appetizers - crab bread pudding and cheese fondue were both excellent, but the entrees lacked a balance of spice and flavor we were expecting. I personally think that the mussels were extremely "fishy" tasting and once I consumed one - it took forever to get that awful taste out of my mouth.Not only was the service slow to get our food, but then we seemed rushed to give up our plates by a waitress that was much faster at attempting to take the plates then to bring them to us. Even after management learned of the over hour wait - all he had to say was EXCUSE after EXCUSE instead of trying to make us satisfied at all.The cleanliness of the overall business wasn't bad, but coupled together with the lack of service and customer appreciation - I wouldn't think about going back for another try and do not recommend this place to anyone. Though the view in the upper dinning area was fantastic - it got quite cold by the time we ate and the heaters only heated some of the area - not ours. Add the price to the mix and I end up giving this a two star review!
5	This was a fantastic experience from the minute we walked in. Best meal I have had in the Valley and served in a beautiful patio setting. I had the beet salad- beautifully presented with yellow and purple beets. For the main course we both had the Halibut which was substituted for the Chilean sea bass but prepared the same way. It was bar none the best piece of fish I have had in AZ and  beautifully prepared. Desserts are available in petite portions so you can sample several. Get the Chocolate Nachitos for SURE! We loved it so much we went back for dinner the next night and I had lunch there the day after that. Every visit was great. service excellent too..especially Lynn. My new favorite!
5	Amazing food. Highly recommend the outdoor and rooftop seating around sunset. Beautiful 360 degree views. Also several unique appetizers and entrees. Definitely coming back here and I highly recommend it. One of the best in the Phoenix area
1	Used to be a favorite place but has gone way down hill. Wife ordered beet salad which is one of her favorites. Came with bad blue cheese and wilted greens which ruined whole salad. Management offered to take $1.00 off for bad cheese which missed the point that the salad was ruined. I had 'Cowboy Sushi" and if i got more than an ounce of meat, I'd be amazed. Prices have gotten way out of line. The only saving grace is the outdoor seating area. My suggestion: bring a brown bag and enjoy the outdoor ambiance. Don't bother to order off the menu.
4	Just had brunch with the family, restaurant was comfortably busy.  We were seated in the patio garden, very nice setting.  Four different menu items were selected, everyone was pleased with their meals.  There was one error made by the kitchen in misreading the ticket but this was quickly corrected.  Our waitress was a little frosty but highly efficient nevertheless.  The pace was great, desserts were particularly good.  Amazed by the impressive wine list; looking forward to returning perhaps in the evening next time.
4	Love the food, staff and ambiance of the place.  I have been eating there for 4 years and just love it.  My favorite dish is the 2 fish tacos with black beans.  They also have great wines at good prices.
5	Fabulous food, end of story. Atmosphere is gorgeous. Again, a must place to bring family and friends. One of my favorite places to eat and relax.
4	Since moving to Cave Creek, Carefree Station has become our "Go-To" place (we miss you, Red Onion and Hawthorn Grill, back in Ohio!).  Food is always fantabulous, service friendly and efficient without being unctuous, great ambiance whether you dine in, on the roof patio, or in the garden.  We did have issue with a steak one time---very gristle-y---within moments, the server and manager teamed up to take care of the problem with charm and grace.  The mushroom soup is to die for---keep your fingers crossed it's on offer when you dine there,  Thursday night, we had the sushi nachos---I had to fight DH (who SWEARS he hates sushi) for my fair share.  After our Asian moment, we decide to go Mexican that night---DH got the chicken carnitas.  Server recommended the masa taco shell.  Masa---isn't that the soft corn stuff they wrap around tamales?  Somehow CS makes it works, deep frying it to this incredible crunchy, moist container for delicious roasted meats and veggies.  My veggie chile relleno...well...  We have lived in AZ for almost 5 months now and I have only found one great relleno (a little taco shop off I-17 in Camp Verde called Gabriellas).  I admit I was torn between the duck tacos with mango-habanero sauce and the chile relleno, but oh, how I wanted one (miss you Sammy's El Pueblo!) and I mean, we are talking about Carefree Station...how could it go wrong?  It did.  Talk about a chef going one step too far.  I can't argue about the stuffing---cheesy, corny, beany----yum!---but the pepper was---yuck!  It tasted like it was pickled.  I offered DH a bite without commenting---his first words after the taste was: "tastes like Peter Piper's Pickled Peppers---what the h***?"  And then instead of the usual beans and rice accompaniments---whole wheat spaghetti?  (And no, the menu was NOT clear about what to expect!)  After the many fab meals we have had at CS and the to-die-for sushi nachos---what a let down.  Sometimes, chefs need to say no, I will not screw with a classic.  On the other hand, if this is the only time Carefree Station done me wrong, I got no complaints and---as ever---we'll be back.  Keep those sushi nachos cold for me!
1	I was really excited to try Carefree Station, as I love Carefree and that type of atmosphere. We went with friends who said their bunch was very good. The outside patio seemed lovely, and we sat inside. It smelled a little bit walking in (pee-ish), but no biggie. I was excited to meet our friends and try the breakfast/brunch. The waitress asked us if there were any questions about the menu. My boyfriend asked what they were known for and she said.."well....food." I asked if there was any way to get the french toast without the stuffing. She said no, what is on the menu is what you get. This is not "that" type of restaurant. So, it came time to order. I am admittedly very picky, and I have some food allergies/sensitivities, which is why I order things very plain. That doesn't mean I don't like to try new places and things, or that I don't love food as much as everyone else. I had looked at the menu and had found everything too "much" for me, so I asked if I could order the Crepes just completely plain. Not extra, not complicated, just a plain crepe. Something that is actually 10x easier to make then some stuffed, elaborate item. She told me she really didn't think that was possible, and that this was a private restaurant, not a "corporate" restaurant, and you can't just ask for everything customized. In my mind, I am thinking...I rarely go to chains, I frequent private restaurants all the time - from hole in the wall to the most expensive in the valley. No one ever makes such a big deal out of making me something simple. Anyhow, she says she needs to go check, and instead brings another "senior" waitress over and asks me to repeat what I had asked for - like it was some sort of blasphemous crazy order that she can't repeat. I said "I would like a plain Crepe with nothing on it if possible" - the next waitress says "what do you mean a plain Crepe" and I clarified. They both stood there making a huge deal about it, saying how the Chef and owner would be horrified to hear this and they would get written up if they put that order in, but that they "guess" they could go back and fall on the sword for me and check. They kept blaming the owner. SO EMBARRASSING for me at this point, they are making such a big deal out of it. She comes back and says it is ok, and the other waitress says to her are you sure? She says yes. Then, I commit the horrible offense of asking for a side of fruit. She steps back and stares me down, and then says that maybe I should just go up to Albertsons! ARE. YOU. KIDDING. ME. I had been extremely nice until this point, and at that I said "I've never been to a breakfast restaurant in the country that won't serve you a side of fruit" and she then agreed to bring it to me. When my Crepe came, it had the fruit on top of it, just kind of like an extra "f-you." They also made a big deal out of one of our friends asking for onions to be left out of his burrito. Throughout our whole meal you could see the two waitresses telling other waiters of my order, with people staring. This is not the review of a crazy angry person. I am typically very positive and understanding. You can see that I have a ton of 5-star reviews. But this was just ridiculous. They made me feel embarrassed, like a child. I am a nice, polite grown woman looking to order a plain Crepe. I'm making less work for you, and you get to make a crepe and charge me $13. If you have that much of a problem with it (which I still think would be silly), politely tell me that is not available. The crepe was actually very good. My boyfriend's burger was "ok." I will never go back, and would recommend others avoid. I have some great breakfast/brunch recommendations if you'd like! The friends who took us there were mortified and apologized for bringing us there multiple times.
5	Love this place as well as their recent offspring Prescott Station.  Consistantly good food and service.  We always enjoy sitting at the bar and having a casual dinner and drinks.  Their wine selection is great as well as their other beverages.  Thumbs up - you won't be disappointed!
5	So, can I come here every weekend for brunch?  How did I not know about this place until recently?Great outdoor patio, beautifully decorated interior, amazing staff...every last one of them, an extensive, unique menu and truly delicious food.  My hubby tried the crab benedict and couldn't get enough of it and I tried the crepes supreme...flavorful, fresh and very filling.I can't wait to come back and try other things on the menu!
2	Waitress was miserable to deal with, very curt without any provocation. Not the best service, too bad, that is very important to me! Food was just okay, she didnt bring me what I ordered, but I didnt feel like putting up a fight in front of my elderly family during lunch.  Probably wont go again
4	I had lunch there early this week and found the food very good and our server was extremely delightful, I must say I forgot her name but she would be a reason to return. I really enjoyed the food and the patio area was really nice to sit out doors. I would easily suggest the tacos very refreshing on a hot day. Spending time there was very nice, the manager came up and said hello and she was extremely nice and professional. Our server was very attentive and really easy to get along with and helpful in choices. I have to say because of these two I would come back because they were so nice and gave me and my wife such a great impression. There were a few faults that I have to say the bathroom had a really bad smell and indoors the carpet was a little grungy. Then there seemed to be a women walking around causing an uproar with the manager. I was taken back a little but then I found out that it was the owner and I was kind of appalled that she would talk to her people like that, as I found her one the reasons that made the place to return. So I guess I will say this the food is good but the reason to return is the how I was treated by the staff.
1	Carefree Station is gone! All property seized (by plaza owners?). Place is completely empty, tables, chairs, fixtures...gone. Been here a helluva lot of years.I'll miss the patio; RIP Carefree Station.
4	The place is colsed. Locked up tighter than a drum. Word on the street is dispute with land lord and holding back rent.
1	Closed last week. Heard they are moving inJanuary to Hayden and Via de Ventura in Scottsdale.
4	Went down to CS for dinner tonight (Sat 9/28) and it was dark and locked up.  No signs noting they are on holiday and when called, got a vm saying mailbox is full!  Google no help.  Anyone know what's going on????
4	Local rumor is that landlord vs tenant dispute is what caused Carefree Station to close.  However, owners of CS had recently signed a lease on another venue down in Scottsdale (they would have been opening their 3rd establishment, Scottsdale Station), and those plans are still on.  So I guess we'll just have to wait for them to open the new place (hurry!) or head on over to Prescott Station.
