5	Quite simply, the best mens's haircut in the valley.  This GEM of a barbershop is nestled into a strip mall behind a Circle K convenience store.  You would only know about this barbershop if you happened to pass by which is unlikely given how embedded they are into Sun City.  Anyways, pass this one up at your own expense!  The haircuts are all $10 and less, and the barbers are old-time pros that know their stuff.  JJ is the owner, he is the gent working the #1 chair when you walk in.  He does a great cut for adult and child alike and my son always asks for Mr. JJ.  Robert is on the #2 chair, and he is a consumate professional barber.  He will send you out with a great haircut every time!Go to save a buck or two, and keep going back because they rock!
5	I was really hoping nobody would review JJ's.  Shame on you two!My only complaint - the price goes up in the winter.
5	I was wrong - they've just raised prices, not just for the winter.  Still, regular haircut is $9.  Not bad at all!  I've tried three of the four barbers so far - you can't go wrong.  Just take a number when you go in the door.First chair is JJ, second is Robert, fourth is Bob.
5	Wow, what a manly place for a manly cut!  They start cutting at 6 am.  I made it late in the day around 10 am or so for a haircut and there was a full line of guys sitting there in line for a haircut.  All but one had gray hair or nearly no hair, generic brand white sneakers with velcro instead of laces, and those gold or stainless wristwatches that has a digital time display.Cool pricing scheme:Senior haircuts: $9Non-Seniors: $10Haircut with wife helping out: $20Haircut with wife telling barber what to do: $40Walls are completely covered with military aircraft, and an assortment of patriotic phrases and such are scattered as well.  My cut was professional - accurate to my request, quickly done, with a back of neck shave at the end... and minimal B.S. chit-chat that you get elsewhere.  Get in, get a cut, get out...
5	I've just moved to Surprise from the U.K, and took JJ's based on the recommendations on here. A bit of a trip for a hair cut, but what a hair cut it was....JJ is a proper gent, does an awesome haircut, quickly, and for a bargain price - and the whole time I got to watch a western on the telly! The decor is also spectacular (you'll have to go in and see for yourself!) and I personally will be back for more, as long as I'm in the area.Thumbs up from me.
5	Great affordable service. I overheard JJ say that his shop has been open for 16 years and it shows. Awesome unique old time barber shop decor. Cash only.
4	Asked for a Don Draper style haircut. Did it well with a good length to play around with. For $11, will definitely return.
