5	Michelle and Irene are fantastic! They have alot of years of experience and come right to your room. I couldn't believe how they were so prepared and able to make me look exactly like the picture that I showed them. They said that it was going to take about 45 minutes and they were right on. If you want to have a certain look for a special occasion, party or wedding, you should definitely give them a call.
5	I hired Michelle & Irina to do my hair/makeup for my wedding and I LOVED what they did! I showed Michelle a picture of the hairstyle I wanted and she did it for me with no problem. The curls in my hair stayed all night and they were still in tact when I woke up the next morning. Irina did my makeup and it was absolutely flawless! The only thing I had to touch up was my lipstick but my eye makeup and foundation stayed perfect all night. I will definitely call them again every time I go back to Vegas! Book these two wonderful ladies for your wedding or special event! You won't be disappointed!
5	I chose Michelle & Irina to do my daughter's hair & makeup for her Vegas wedding based on before & after pictures on their website. The ladies did a fantastic job; my daughter looked like a princesss.  They even had time to apply my eyelashes. African-American brides, these ladies will make you look wonderful. They can handle styling weaves into updos.I would recommend them to any out of towners looking for hair and makeup for a special occassion in Vegas. They will come to your room to save you travel time.
5	I LOVE these women! Wow. I have had the pleasure of being treated by different stylist both in NV and CA and this was by far the best experience I've had (outside of my wedding, of course). It got off to a rocky start - I couldn't find them! Thanks hubby, for the faulty directions! Haha. However, they were on time and ready to go! I love that Michelle and Irina were punctual. I had a major event to attend and they completely worked with my schedule. But my bad luck almost ruined things! I put in my contacts and they were burning my eyes out! I got something on them and it was just horrible. Irina and Michelle took it in stride and stayed patient while I freaked out!! Irina did such a magical job on my makeup. I'm not a girly girl and she made me look like a princess. Her delicate hand and genuine interest in what I was interested in made the experience so enjoyable. I had the individual lashes put on and they stayed on for A WEEK.I don't know how she does it, but I'm pretty sure she used a magic wand on me. It seemed effortless for her. Plus, she's just sweet as pie. ;)Michelle just blew me away. I THOUGHT I had an idea of what I wanted, but she was honest with me and said, "that may not be right for your face type - but I think I can do something that will be close to what you want". She even asked to see my gown to make sure it would match up. My curls stayed ALL NIGHT. What great customer service!  I'm so glad I trusted her. PLEASE, TRUST HER. I received so many compliments during that event. My own husband was speechless. I think he took a hundred pictures of me that night! LOL. The end result, is that I had a great experience with Irina and Michelle. If I'm ever in Las Vegas for an event again - I'm calling them!
5	I hired the ladies from Perfect Hair and Makeup for my Las Vegas wedding on March 13th, 2012. They required no deposit for four ladies, and came to my hotel room without a surcharge.First of all, they work at the same time, so you don't feel like you're sitting in a chair forever. They both asked me what I liked before they started and I gave them some loose guidelines. I told them what makeup I usually wear and what hairstyle I liked, and they went to town. I had the airbrush makeup done (with lashes, which are applied individually) and it felt very light and fresh. My hair was done before I knew it, which is great because she didn't yank or pull or stab with me bobby pins. Their rates are very competitive (especially compared to hotel salon prices which were double).Also, I had a friend who loved our hair and makeup so much that she asked them if they could squeeze her in last minute and they made it happen.My hair and makeup lasted all day. One thing I would warn about though is that we all had one hell of a time getting the false lashes off. They weren't kidding when they said they might stay on for a couple days. Makeup remover and patience helped a lot.
5	These girls were amazing!! I had them do my makeup two days before wedding and on the actual wedding day. We went out early to take photos at the neon museum and el dorado canyon ghost town....both are a must to take your pictures!!! These girls were on time both days and listened to what I wanted and made me look perfect. I'm from Texas so the bigger the better hair n for pictures I wanted dark eyes and they were amazing!! All if my girlfriends were running up to me at the wedding asking me who had done my hair and makeup. It was done so beautifully!! Do not call no one else but them! :)
5	Michelle and Irina did a fantastic job with both the hair and makeup for my November wedding. They came to our suite right on time, set up quickly and finished with plenty of time to spare (but not too much!).I had a slightly different hair concept for my wedding than most brides, which they were happy to accommodate. They even took my ideas and improved them!Booking vendors for my destination wedding was stressful, but these girls made it easy. They were courteous and fun, and experts at putting me and the bridal party at ease during a hectic time. Highly recommend!
5	Superb professional service! The name says it all, truly perfect hair and makeup. Michelle is an expert at what she does & the results last! The service was punctual & custom fit our needs, performed at our hotel in suite. I highly recommend the airbrush makeup, eyelash extensions, highlights (beautiful natural looking blonde!), and hair styling. My party were treated & ended up looking like stars.
5	When you are searching for Hair & Makeup for you wedding it's hard enough to search for someone not in your area all together is harder I planned a destination wedding for !/12/13 to Las Vegas and I was so stressed about who was going to do my hair an makeup for the event I did tons of research for prices,reviews,websites that had info and before and after pics and Perfect Hair and Makeup came out the strongest I emailed them for more info and I always got a fast response which was soothing.I did a makeup trial with Irina the night before and she was on time and totally sweet she did two other girls with me and myself and we were all extremely happy and impressed! (we all got the airbrush makeup which I would recommend it feels light weight and looks AMAZING!!!!) The next day Irina and Michelle came on time and ready to go, I had a little bit of changes in my makeup which Irina was great about my end result was perfect and she also added the false lashes which gave it that extra OMMPPF, I showed Michelle a picture of what I wanted my hair to look like and it came out perfect she even put my vail in so it was secure and ready to go! The hair and makeup lasted the entire night!If you are looking for the PERFECT hair and makeup go with Irina and Michelle they are both super sweet funny and will make you feel completely beautiful on your big day or special event!!!!
5	These girls did a FANTASTIC job, they answered all of my questions in a timely manner and I felt absolutely gorgeous once my hair and makeup were done. I was kind of scared that they'd go over the top and that I'd have to tone them down since I've never had my makeup done before, but that was not a concern. Once I told them that I only wear eyeliner on a regular basis, they knew what to do. Would definitely recommend them!
5	Michelle & Irina were awesome! They were quick & easy to work with especially since I live out of state. everyone gave such positive comments about my hair & makeup. My wedding pictures proved that they are very professional artists!!!!
3	I
5	These ladies are a class act! We came to Vegas for my best friends wedding and New Years. They were amazing! Not only did we look beautiful but we FELT beautiful as well. I don't believe you are going to find a better service in Las Vegas. Can't thank you ladies enough for going above and beyond!
5	Michelle and Irina did my hair and makeup for my wedding this past Saturday in Vegas and WOW!! Where to start? I honestly can't say enough great things about these ladies! First and foremost, they are amazing at what they do. They're visionaries and true professionals...I gave them a rough guideline of what I wanted (and more importantly, DIDN'T want) and they delivered beyond my expectations! My makeup and hair remained flawless well into the next morning, with NO touch-ups (other than lipgloss) and I had so many compliments. I look flawless in my photos and I was so thrilled with the whole process. They're quick to return emails and answer questions, they arrived right on time with everything they could have possibly needed and they work fast and at the same time so it doesn't take forever! I would recommend them to everyone I know! They really are two angels with curling irons and lipgloss!!
5	I cannot say enough great things about Perfect Hair & Makeup.  They arrived at my hotel right on time and got set up in a matter of minutes.  They were very efficient, while still taking the time to find out what each person wanted for their look.  I showed them a couple pictures of what I wanted for my hair and makeup, and they were able to replicate the pictures very well.  They are skilled in taking into account a person's features and hair to come up with a look that's perfect for them.  Every person in my wedding party looked beautiful!  Also, the makeup they use looks natural and lasts forever, which is a tough combination to find.  I have very oily skin so I was concerned about the airbrush foundation wearing off throughout the day, but it lasted all day and night with just a couple blots during the day to remove excess oil.  I'm so happy I picked Perfect Hair & Makeup!!
5	I've never felt as beautiful in my life as I did the day of my wedding. I cried when I looked at myself in the mirror. These two are truly amazing and very professional. They showed up earlier and were able to squeeze two of my girls in at the last minute. Great job! I am so thankful I found them.
5	Michelle and Irina are amazing! They did my hair and makeup for my wedding and it was so beautiful. I received so many compliments. My wedding was at the Bellagio. If you're getting married in vegas definitely use perfect hair and makeup to look beautiful on your wedding day!!!!
5	Michelle and Irina have this amazing ability to read your mind and give you exactly the look you want!  They did both a trial and then hair and makeup for my wedding day and I looked as beautiful as I ever have thanks to them.  My bridesmaids as well looked stunning and loved the work that Irina & Michelle did--they received non-stop compliments all day at the wedding and then more after in the photos.  Even my mother and mother-in-law got their makeup done for photos and were so worried that getting professional makeup would be "too much" for their more conservative styles (aka never wearing any makeup), but Irina nailed it for them too.  I would recommend both these ladies without hesitation.
5	I eloped in Vegas a few weeks ago and my best friend booked these gals to come to our hotel for hair and makeup.  It honestly didn't occur to me to hire someone for that but I'm so glad she thought of it.  I don't normally wear make-up and I was a little nervous about looking like a drag queen.  I actually loved the airbrushing and the lashes, Irina had to talk me into fake lashes.  I think we looked great and it really made the day more special than I could have imagined.  I highly recommend this business.  They were right on time, efficient with our time and made getting ready very low stress.
5	We booked these ladies for a Vegas wedding. It was amazing. First of all they come to your hotel room, which make getting ready on that big day less stressful.They arrived on time and got to work. They did three hair styles and two makeups in under an hour and we all looked beautiful. Plus later in the day me and family went to relax in hotel jacuzzi. My seven year old splashed me straight in the face and my make up stayed perfect. Thats right. No running, fading, nothing. Just perfect.I can't say enough nice things about these ladies. .I HIGHLY recommend them.
5	Such a great experience! So nice to have them come to our room to do out hair and makeup. They were prompt and on time.
5	This is a long overdue review and the only excuse that I have is a lot of great things have been happening since our beautiful vegas wedding. I started planning for my wedding when I was thousands of miles across the pacific [somewhere in Asia], it was challenging to talk to different make up and hair artists due to the distance and time difference.  When I stumbled upon Perfect Hair and Makeup's yelp profile, during that time they didnt that much reviews here{ i think their yelp profile was just new at that time] but regardless they already have good reviews and when I looked at their website and facebook page, same thing, a lot of happy clients.Just like with other artists that I was trying to talk with, I sent them an email, but what separates them from the rest is the fact that they responded to my inquiries very quickly and professionally. We exchanged several emails back and fort, letting them know how I want my hair and make up to be done. They are very patient with answering all my questions. Then I provided them the details of the wedding: the date, time, and what hotel.Fast forward to a month before our wedding. I called them once just to confirm that we'll go ahead with the wedding and date, time, venue etc. They easily answered my call and confirmed, the call lasted not longer than 5 minutes. It was quick and easy.The day of the wedding, they arrived at our hotel room [The Cosmopolitan] on time, they went to the bathroom to set up the chair and their tools. Then they asked me if I'm ready and so I did!We went through how the make up should be done, at first I was hesitant in using the liquid eyeliner [ i'm not used to wearing lots of make up and I wanted to be as simple as possible] they explained to me the effect of the liquid eye liner, how it will give me a dramatic effect, thank goodness they explained to me because I was very happy!As for my hair, they got what I had in mind! perfect plus some!I showed her several pictures on how I wanted the curls and she totally got it.Michelle then asked me where's my veil, i gave it to her [ take note  tried my best to steam it but it was still wrinkled] Michelle took the initiative to steam it again and put it in my hair.I WAS SO HAPPY!!!My friends and family said i look great, most importantly my husband was happy because he can still see me behind.THANK YOU MICHELLE AND IRINA-VERY PROFESSIONAL-EASY TO COMMUNICATE WITH-REASONABLE PRICE-THEY CAN MATERIALIZE YOUR VISION AS A BRIDE-VERY NICE TO DEAL WITH-TALENTED!
5	I am giving Michelle and Irina 5 stars and they deserve every single one!Let's bring is back to the big day, May 25th 2014. My bridesmaids and I went to pick up our last girl. She had her hair done by someone off of Cragslist and it looked like SHIT. She was furious. On our way to the hotel I text Michelle and asked if she could squeeze in one more girl for hair and makeup. I felt so bad for my bridesmaid, assuming in my head that Michelle wouldn't have time for her. She responded promptly and said it wouldn't be a problem!They arrived right on schedule and wasted no time setting up.Before dolling up my hair and makeup they took my dress and birdcage veil into consideration. The whole look was very classic so we didn't want to go too heavy on the make-up. My hair was in a top half braid pulled to a side bun so the back of my dress was showing. They knew the exact look I was going for! If you want a hairstyle that probably wont look good on you Michelle will let you know. Be prepared with at least two different styles that you want. She can do any and every style so don't be scurred! I was so impressed with the love and dedication Michelle and Irina put into their specialties. They are very talented at what they do!I got so many compliments and felt so sexy and confident on my big day thanks to Irina and Michelle!On a side note: I feel like such an idiot because after all of their hard work I forgot to tip them! So would like to apologize for that. I was so anxious! Don't make my mistake ladies! Have an envelope prepared.
5	I loved my hair and make up! Irina was always very quick to respond to any questions I had via email prior to the event. Pricing is very good for the excellent service the provide. My makeup was flawless. It lasted in 100 degree weather without running or looking greasy. Rachel did my hair as well as my moms and she accomplished what I described to her to exactly as I imagined. She was very quick too. I would recommend service from this company to everyone. I have had my hair and airbrush make up done a few times by others and they bar far topped my charts! Thanks ladies
5	I booked Perfect Hair and Makeup for my May 31, 2014 wedding in Las Vegas. Since I am in Chicago, I had to rely on reviews from several different places to make a final decision (which is why I am posting a review for others in my situation) on most of my vendors in Las Vegas. Michelle and Irina were the best. They not only did my makeup and hair, but 2 other girls who were there for the wedding. They are very accomodating - even for changes up until the day of the wedding. They arrived before me at my suite - I was finishing up brunch and had the hardest time actually getting an elevator (and then it stopped at every floor!). They got to work right away and got me and the 2 other girls done with plenty of time! And we all looked amazing! These ladies are awesome. If you are looking to find someone for hair and makeup, choose them! They will do an awesome job. Not only that, they are very friendly. As far as I can tell, their fee is about the same as most other places that travel to your location or even the hotel spas.The airbrush makeup held up in the desert heat - it was 100 degrees that day  - and all night. I looked exactly the same the next morning! My hair also held up to the wind we were having that day as well. Thanks ladies!
5	These ladies were amazing. Being the MOB and planning a destination wedding our biggest concern was hair and make-up. These two knocked our socks off. They showed up to our hotel suite on time, professional and ready to go. They asked the bride first how she wanted her hair and and wanted to assure her no one would copy her style. Then one by one they started with the bridesmaids and each one was so beautiful and their hairstyles were simply amazing. I'd give more stars if I could. I would highly recommend them. Stop yelping for someone better, you aren't going to find them. They are the best!!!
5	I had an amazing experience with Perfect Hair and Makeup! They are a great team! They were on time and I showed them pictures of how I wanted to look and they worked magic :). They are professional and friendly and made me look and feel so beautiful for my wedding! I am still getting compliments 2 weeks later. I read the Yelp reviews and chose them and that is why I'm writing this, they were all around awesome.
5	Based on recommendations from this site, I booked Perfect Hair and Makeup for my wedding day on 1/1/15. The email correspondence was quick and professional. The ladies showed up a bit early (always better!) and they started with hair and makeup for my sister. My sister is very into vintage pinup style and they really worked and did what she wanted. She is always beautiful, and that day was no exception. She looked absolutely perfect. On to my hair and makeup. I wanted a beehive type style with a cute headband, and they nailed it. I asked for light eye makeup, fake lashes and bright red lipstick. It was perfect. I felt like a princess all night. Although not originally scheduled, they were able to fit my new sister-in-law for her hair. They did a beautiful fishtail braid. Everyone loved it! I highly recommend these ladies for any wedding or special event. They're so great!!
