5	Visited in 2009 during Festival time.  The quintessential pub, loved it!  Right in the midst of everything in New Town.
5	Ok, I know it's a bit weird to be reviewing a street, but I  love Thistle Street. What's not to love??! It has the most amazing restaurants and the best atmosphere in the whole city. This is the sort of place that yelp is made for, you wouldn't necessarily notice the narrow, unassuming street unless you were loooking for it.Cafe Marlyane is a lovely French restaurant, and Fishers in the City is one of the best fish restaurants i've ever been to.The narrow cobbled streets make it one of my favourite places to eat in the whole of Edinburgh
5	Like Emily, I am also a huge fan of Thistle Street. It definitely has to be one of my favourite streets in Edinburgh and I just love walking along this little cobbled street.Thistle Street has two personalities. During the day you can stroll along and browse in all the boutiques such as Pam Jenkins and Covet exploring the gorgeous outfits, stunning designer shoes and quirky jewellery. By night Thistle Street almost makes you feel like you're abroad and it's only when you find yourself back on George Street that you realise you're still in Edinburgh. In the summer all the restaurant and cafes have their windows open and people can be seen sitting outside enjoying the evening air.My favourite restaurant on Thistle Street has to be Cafe Marlayane with it's hand written menus, excellent menu and delicious desserts... it's one of my favourite restaurants ever.
5	The Thistle Street Bar is definitely one of favourite pubs in Edinburgh - and that is saying something! Situated in Thistle Street, Thistle Street Bar is right in the city centre and just around the corner from the pub central area in Rose Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach. It is pretty small inside, but it makes it fell nice and cosy as there are plenty of corners to sit in with friends and there is a beer garden at the back which is a lovely place to sit on a sunny day and enjoy a drink. The Thistle Street Bar serves the usual selection of beers, ales, ciders, wines and the standard range of spirits, and drinks are very competitively priced with a large glass of the house red wine costing less than five pounds. Behind the bar is a collection of world money notes and there is a big TV screen which tends to show all the sporting events going on. The staff are really friendly and warm and there is always background music playing. The one thing which kind of puts me off this pub is the toilets as there is only one toilet each and so you can be waiting ages to go to the bathroom. I love to come here on a pub crawl or for pre-drinks before a big night out. There is always a lively atmosphere in here, and they serve delicious cocktails - amazing!!!
5	I celebrated my 50th birthday in Edinburgh, and visited the Thistle Street Bar the night before returning home.  This is a great little pub, very close to the Frederick House Hotel where I was staying.  I enjoyed the atmosphere here, and after a couple pints, tried a Haggis and Cheese Toastie.  It was very good!  Closed out my birthday with a Bushmills.
4	Finished off a night by the fire in this small cozy pub. Beer selection was mediocre (no real ales), but the atmosphere makes up for it. Only detractor was a group sitting near us who had the unpleasant habit of lighting their cigarettes inside BEFORE heading out to the patio to smoke them. This one-time occurrence wouldn't stop me from going back.
5	I would give this place more than five stars, if possible.We found this place nestled right off of a main street on a cobble street road.The atmosphere was cool and the selection of drinks was quite expansive. They had a good selection of every kind of alcohol, beer, wine and pitchers of mixed cocktails. The Pimms and Lemonade was really good.The people behind the bar were extremely nice and chill. It was easy getting along with anyone behind the bar. I think that made us keep going back. If I am ever in Edinburgh again, I will frequenting this spot again.Thanks for a good time!
4	I went here for drinks with some co-workers and really liked the place, a nice atmosphere, although not many  places to sit. I would love to go back when it isn't as busy and enjoy some time there. The staff was also very lovely and the service was good despite it being so busy.
5	Good beer, often not overly crowded, great staff, and consistent patrons that are always easy to get along with... I think that about sums it up.I came in here randomly one nice summer afternoon and have been coming back since despite it being a bit further out than other bars that I frequent... the drink selection isn't huge, but suitable... the place is also pristine for what it is, save for the bathrooms perhaps, but a pub bathroom is a pub bathroom so you can't really expect too much.  Besides, you don't come here for the bathroom... do you?  The inside is old world and cosy, with a fire if the weather suits it and candles throughout... this place shines the best when it's just busy enough to have all of the seats filled, but without the post work rush which still isn't too bad here most days... definitely a great place to catch up with a few friends if you catch it at the right time.As some others have mentioned, there's also a small beer garden out back... but it's definitely small and I'm not certain I would trek here expecting a nice spot to drink outside it's just a bonus more than anything else.As with most things it's all about expectations... I couldn't give it less than five stars personally as I find myself back here more than anywhere else in the city for now. On that note, if you're new to the city and looking for a place to get to know people then you can do far worse than here... if you're in that situation I would definitely give it a go, you may walk away pleasantly surprised at the evening that has vanished before you. (Due to socialising that is... although I hear whiskey has the same affect for most.)
