4	We had to take our cat Oscar to their Emergency unit because he was in obvious pain and just wasnt acting right. A quick internet search brought us to this place, it was a Monday night and the only place open, thank god it was very close to us. Since it was around 10PM there wasn't much action going on so they were able to see him right away. We had to get some X-Rays done and blood work. The vet check on us numerous times to let us know what was going on and came in and explained everything to us. The X-Rays they provided a CD copy of and even offered to fax the information over to our normal vet so they can have the records. Everything seems to be fine with Oscar now, they gave him some shots to feel better and it seemed to work instantly, we are still keeping him isolated so that he can get some rest. It's not easy writing a review for an Emergency Animal Clinic because you obviously don't want to be there but in an Emergency I think they handled us well and treated Oscar who we see as a member of the family with great care. We could hear him crying in the waiting room because he was uncomfortable and the entire time we could also hear them doing everything they could to make him comfortable.
5	My husband and I brought one of our dogs here over the Christmas holiday while our regular vet was closed. She had a weird eye infection and we didn't feel comfortable putting it off for two days. We were admitted right away and the Doctor was in quickly. He was very gentle and thorough, and we were both genuinely satisfied with our experience. I was expecting sticker shock but the bill was in line with standard vet prices.  I would recommend this place to anyone in the unfortunate event they would need it.
5	Last Monday, my husband was re-keying a property (he works for Century 21) & saw that there was a dog in the backyard. This property had been vacant for a year now so he knew the dog did not belong to any current tenants. He tried to approach the dog but she ran off out to the front & he couldn't catch her. On Wednesday he had to return to the property & he saw the dog again, but her condition was much worse than on Monday so he tried to approach her again. This time, instead of running away, she turned over on her back as to say "Help me!". He called me & let me know the situation & I agreed that we could take her in. We have 2 dogs of our own, so at 1st they did not like this new doggie on their territory. But after a couple hours they were welcoming & they all seemed to get along ok. The next day (Thursday) we went grocery shopping & got home around 7pm. The stray we took in was hiding in our closet & seemed frightened. My hubby picked her up to see if something was wrong & as he was looking her over in front of a mirror he saw a puppy was coming out!!! We had NO idea she was pregnant, my hubs thought her stomach was expanded due to not having any food, but boy was he wrong! Panic set in & we did not know what to do so we decided to drive up the street to the animal hospital. We loaded mama & her pup into the back of our Lexus. I was in the back with them & during our 30 second drive another puppy was born, holy shit this was nuts!Dr. Lunt was working that night & he graciously took them in & cared for them. She had 2 more puppies at the hospital, 3 males & 1 female. Friday they called & informed me that if we didn't take them in they would have to turn them over to the humane society. I could not let that happen so I convinced my hubby to take them in. After a million phone calls I got in contact with Lost Our Home & they found a foster home for them by Sunday, it was amazing! Mama & her puppies are all healthy & doing great. My mother in law is even adopting the mama (after the puppies are weaned of course) so that my brother in law will finally have a new doggie, since theirs passed away last year. He named her Lucky, which I think is perfect. :)I can't thank Dr. Lunt, Jessica & the rest of the staff at North Valley Regional Animal Hospital enough!
5	A few days ago, our 4 month old black lab was acting completely out of character. He was throwing up, moping around, and worst of all, we had found blood in his poop. Fearing the worst, my husband and I knew we needed to take him to an emergency animal hospital ASAP. I am SO glad we chose this place!From the time we walked in to the time we left, our puppy was treated with so much love and compassion. We were admitted immediately and seen by a tech within a few minutes of being shown to our room. Right away, she discussed our options and the tests we could run to determine what the problem may be. Within the first 30 minutes of our admittance, we had him examined, seen by the vet, and started running tests to rule out the worst (parvo, worms, etc.). Thankfully, he just had a bacterial infection and we were sent home with everything we needed to make sure he recovered appropriately. The only issue we ran into was the long wait after he was diagnosed. We were there for about 3 1/2 hours. While checking out, we could see how busy they got while we were waiting, though, and understood that things happen. And, as with all emergency situations, pateints need to be prioritized (which is why the long wait doesn't affect our rating).I was in hysterics on the way to the hospital, but left feeling calmer and more optimistic. The entire staff here at North Valley Regional Animal Hospital is amazing, from the front desk to the vets and techs. They even called us the next couple days to check on our puppy's progress.I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area with a pet emergency! Your pet is in good hands here! : )
5	I was very impressed with my entire experience at this veterinarian.  This past Sunday I called to learn about how they worked and if they were busy.  I was concerned it would be swamped being a weekend.  Linda was extremely informative, knowledgeable and responsive to my questions.  She was not afraid to give me prices.  When I arrived I was greeted immediately by Dan, asked what my dog's problem was and taken in to a clean, private exam room. Jessica, the tech checked my dog's vitals, got more info and it was within 10 minutes when the doctor, Dr. Megan Begay came in.  She was gentle, listened to my history, gave suggestions and alternatives then allowed me to make decisions.  She was not pushy or condescending.  Their prices were very fair.  About the same as I would have paid at my regular vet.  They provided me with the doctor notes and lab results so I could send to my pet insurance.  They also sent a copy of the report to our regular vet.  I'm so happy I chose NVRAH instead of the one my vet has on their answering machine.  This place is awesome!  All thumbs up!
4	Nice friendly staff. Got in fast. They explained things to me asked about tests before doing them, made me aware of prices before doing anything. Which is amazing and great customer service in my mind. On the initial paper work it even had the doc fee listed. I love when places don't hide prices it's something that shouldn't be a worry when your animal is in need of help.
3	They do this neat thing where they treat it like an actual emergency room They have a nurse come out RIGHT AWAY and 'triage' your pet.  Now this could mean you get seen immediately, or this could mean you wait longer while others are seen that came in after you. But it makes sense for an emergency room.They are nice here, and they can certainly accomodate you at any hour. They truly are here 24/7. However, they are very expensive!
5	Made the very difficult decision to put down our very old and very sick 21 year old cat.  Took the cat to NVRAH and was very impressed with how they helped us handle the difficult experience.  The staff let us spend time with our beloved pet than gently put the cat to sleep.  All very gentle and peaceful.  Seeing how painless it was helped with the grieving process. I was very impressed with the staff's professionalism, kindness and respect.  Two days after the visit, we received a condolence card  from the hospital with a paw print of our pet.  Very sweet.
5	They were very friendly & helpful during our visit. We called for advice before we came in, Holly was very helpful. She was there when we arrived & treated our dog great. It was 5:30am and we had to bring him in to be put to sleep. It was extremely hard to deal with (still is)...but they were very respectful to our feelings. Doctor explained everything, so we understood what would happen. If we ever have another emergency with our other dogs this is the place we will take them.
5	I got home from work and my dog was very ill.  It must have happened suddenly as he was fine when we left for work that morning.  I took him in at approximately 7 pm.  The office staff was wonderful.  One of the vet techs was wonderful.  I wish I could remember her name - she was blonde.  So sweet and took wonderful care of our Copper.  They were all wonderful!  Dr. Lunt was very caring.   Copper had to spend two nights at the hospital and every time I called they were available to talk and let me know how he was doing.  We visited Copper a couple of times and they were always accommodating and encouraged it.  Copper was watched carefully and kept very clean and comfortable which I'm sure was difficult to do considering his tummy issues.  It took a number of days for him to bounce back but he he is doing well today - relief!
5	If you're at a 24 hour clinic, chances are that "woo-hoo!'s" are scarce.  Our kitty was acting strangely yesterday...  very uncoordinated, glassy eyes.  Upon testing his blood sugar, we realized he was most likely in insulin shock.  We rushed him to the vet and they were absolutely wonderful.  The desk staff was very friendly and welcoming.  Before I had even put my name to paper, a tech had come over to talk to us and they whisked him back to get immediate care.  Shortly thereafter, they put us in a room and the vet came to speak with us.  Dr. Lunt was extremely thorough and very compassionate.  They wanted to keep him overnight to make sure his blood sugar returned to normal levels.  Prior to leaving, they brought him into a room with us so we could spend a little time with him before leaving.  He was pissy as all get out but calmed down with us in the room.  They invited us to call at any point in the night to check on him.  I called this morning and was put immediately on the phone with Dr. Lunt.  Again, he was very thorough and compassionate.  Our little guy is on the mend and we'll be picking him up shortly.  Having an animal in distress is incredibly stressful.  These folks know that and do everything possible to make you and your pet comfortable.  It's obvious this isn't just a job - these people love animals.  On top of that, they are conscious of costs.    If your animal is in crisis, do not hesitate and take them here.
5	The staff here are patient, kind, knowledgable, and honest. Our puppy came down with Parvo a few weeks ago. They took the time to explain to us the disease and how serious it was. We were there at 12am hearing about our options to move forward. They broke down the cost of leaving him in the hospital for a few days vs. sending him home with meds for us to administer. We both work full time and decided our puppy had the best chance of surviving if we left them with the hospital. They asked for a 75% deposit of the estimate.  The staff reassured us we could call any time to check in on him. We called 3-4 times a day but they never made us feel like they were bothering them! A vet tech would get on the phone and give us a thorough update. Once he was ok, they sent us home with great instructions on how to continue caring for him. As a bonus, they actually refunded some of our money as they didn't need as much meds as they initially thought! We felt respected, cared for, and very grateful for saving our dog's life.
5	What a great place to go for Super Bowl Sunday. My dog got bit in the face and they fixed it sent me home before game was over any questions?
1	Been waiting 2 hours to be seen by a vet. Only one person in front of us when we got here. My dog has been throwing up blood in the waiting room and despite our complaining, still no vet. If there are other 24 hour animal hospitals use them.
5	I have been bringing my pets here for over six years. Their business model is to assess the situation, examine the animal, develop a treatment plan, go over the plan with you in detail and then let you decide how to proceed. No pressure or expectations, just calm and knowledgeable facts so that you know based on the facts given. When dealing with animals who can't tell you where it hurts it is quite often guesswork as to how to best proceed, however I have yet to be let down by this clinic. When my little Boston broke her leg they did an amazing job and even though it was expensive they were patient, helpful and gave several options. I will always use them for my pets!
4	Although I don't enjoy ever going to the vet, I find this emergency facility a solid choice. I remember when my dog was very ill, and the vet sat on the floor for like 30-45 minutes to share the horrifying news that she most likely had a very aggressive cancer and explained the disease and options, which wasn't looking good.  The point is that I have gone back a handful of times because they are a great back up if you can't wait to see the vet.  Prices are affordable and all the vets seem knowledgeable.
5	This is the best emergency vet that I have ever been to.  Everyone is so caring and very helpful.  Our puppy started to show signs of Parvo after only having her for two days.  After a quick Yelp search, I drove Rukia down to 1st Pet on a Monday at 9PM.  Instantly, everyone made me feel at home.After she was diagnosed with Parvo, she was hospitalized for a week.  The staff here made a horrible situation great with their compassion and friendliness.  Even though I was calling 2-3 times a day to check on our pup, they never made me feel like I was being annoying.  Each time I called, they told me every detail of what had been going on since last time I called, which definitely put me more at ease.  If I didn't already have a regular vet, I would take all my animals here.
5	I absolutely love this vets office. Our kitty, Coconut, started vomiting repeatedly and we ended up taking her into this office. We got in very quickly and the vet, Dr, Lunt, was extremely pleasant. We had to have x-rays done and found a blockage in her stomach. The vet offered us several different options without being pushy about any of them. We decided to give her fluids and nausea meds instead of opting for surgery right away.  Over the course of 24 hours, we brought Coconut in three times, She had x-rays, two rectal exams, and an enema. She wasn't happy, but the problem was eventually resolved without any drastic measures. The vets did not push for any surgeries to be done. They wanted to be as minimally invasive as possible. Everyone in the office was pleasant and very helpful. We got a call from them a couple days after our last visit to check up on her and make sure everything was going well.A week later, our friend's cat had a seizure and died late in the evening. We took them here and they were treated very well. They went into a private room immediately and were given time to say goodbye. They offer pet cremation and other options.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is that they took our kitty into the back of the office to take vitals, temperature, etc. I've always been to vets who do those things in the room with you so your pet isn't as scared or nervous. My husband and I will be bringing our kitties here from now on for regular and emergency care. It can be very tough to find a good vet and I'm happy we found this office.
5	Amazing! My dog broke his dew claw and we brought him in. The nurse came out to see him within a minute of our arrival. She gently took him back, fixed his dew claw and clipped all of his nails. When I approached the counter to pay, the receptionist said it was no charge. He was back on his feet in a matter of minutes. The staff was so warm and friendly! I will be recommending them to my family and friends!
5	After a botched neutering at another business I brought our poor bleeding puppy here.  They took him right in and saved his life.  They kept him over night to watch him and I could not have felt like he was in safer hands.  Everyone is so kind and so helpful and they call with updates and are totally understanding when you call in for updates every hour through the night. I am so thankful for 1st Pet Vet Centers!
3	They were awesome about taking my seizing dog back right away and stabilizing her. The staff were so friendly and sympathetic. The lack of stars comes from the car dealership feeling we got after she was stable. Their care plan was over $1000 and they really wanted to add on hospitalization for another approximate $1000. Felt like they wouldn't give me my dog back until I agreed to everything even made us sign an AMA (against medical advice) agreement!
5	Our cat Callahan had a seizure while we were out of town. Our pet sitter brought him here and we couldn't be happier with the quality of care and compassion we received.  They work as a team and everyone is involved in getting our pet well. The facility is spotless and state of the art. Dr Lunt, the director, was the one who first cared for Callahan.  He is knowledge but also humble enough to reach out to colleagues for additional opinions. If there is a bright side to this heartbreaking situation for our cat it is that we found this amazing group of caregivers.  Thanks to them our boy is still with us.
