4	We have a history with this location, which has now been three different places in the 6 years we've lived nearby. First as Uncle Bear's which was a great place to hang out with friends and have a few beers (though their menu was just 'meh'), then as the Skybox for 2 years which I have to say was just awful. Now it is the House of Brews and I do hope it is here to stay.First, they have a great selection of beers by the bottle and on tap, including one of my favorites LandShark (which is offered both in bottle and on tap). The menu is 100% different from either of the two previous places. The obviously wanted to do something different and they were successful. It's a great mix of different options including burgers, hot sandwiches, wings, salads and entrees. They have prime rib specials as well.Our server was friendly and seemed knowledgeable about the menu. I chose the burger and was not disappointed. And although it came with fries, I was able to substitute for their fabulous homemade potato chips! My husband had the wings and said they were great - and the size was bigger than what we usually find, especially at another restaurant down the street that we have now stopped going to.The interior looks a lot like it did with Skybox, but I'm not sure if they're just not done with it yet, or if they just wanted to keep what was there. It's dark but cozy, and there are plenty of TVs to watch a myriad of sporting events. One thing I did notice was that the horrid smell coming out of the bathroom (raw sewage?) has not been fixed, and I'm assuming it's a building problem. I do hope they find a way to get rid of this but until they do I won't sit within 20 feet of the facilities.Another great thing - they have live music on Friday and Saturday nights and when we were there it was a delightful young lady with a beautiful voice singing and playing guitar.One of the best things about this place was the pricing - hubby and I each had two tall (32-oz) draft beers, and with my burger plate and his wings the check was only about $36.We are looking forward to going back soon and returning time and again.
3	went here yesterday because the place i wanted to go was closed and my handy droid yelp search took me here well folks its ANOTHER SPORTS BAR ....fine this place has a bit of an upscale feel the menu is about as basic as can be,  the beer 4 peaks hefe came in a frosty glass but was not that cold ,i asked for the big beer and got a pint.......I ordered the 5 $ fish and chips the lunch special the fish was actually quite good not to battery or greasy or overcooked . I asked for the tater tots instead of fries and got fries but they are hand cut and good as well. i think we were waited on by an owner who seams like its his first attempt at the restaurant business he seamed scattered and they were not  that busy ....it looks like they have live music on certain days
4	*** UPDATE - THIS PLACE IS NOW CLOSED! ***We have a history with this location, which has now been three different places in the 6 years we've lived nearby. First as Uncle Bear's which was a great place to hang out with friends and have a few beers (though their menu was just 'meh'), then as the Skybox for 2 years which I have to say was just awful. Now it is the House of Brews and I do hope it is here to stay.First, they have a great selection of beers by the bottle and on tap, including one of my favorites LandShark (which is offered both in bottle and on tap). The menu is 100% different from either of the two previous places. The obviously wanted to do something different and they were successful. It's a great mix of different options including burgers, hot sandwiches, wings, salads and entrees. They have prime rib specials as well.Our server was friendly and seemed knowledgeable about the menu. I chose the burger and was not disappointed. And although it came with fries, I was able to substitute for their fabulous homemade potato chips! My husband had the wings and said they were great - and the size was bigger than what we usually find, especially at another restaurant down the street that we have now stopped going to.The interior looks a lot like it did with Skybox, but I'm not sure if they're just not done with it yet, or if they just wanted to keep what was there. It's dark but cozy, and there are plenty of TVs to watch a myriad of sporting events. One thing I did notice was that the horrid smell coming out of the bathroom (raw sewage?) has not been fixed, and I'm assuming it's a building problem. I do hope they find a way to get rid of this but until they do I won't sit within 20 feet of the facilities.Another great thing - they have live music on Friday and Saturday nights and when we were there it was a delightful young lady with a beautiful voice singing and playing guitar.One of the best things about this place was the pricing - hubby and I each had two tall (32-oz) draft beers, and with my burger plate and his wings the check was only about $36.We are looking forward to going back soon and returning time and again.Update - I have gone there again a few times and just learned last night that they don't carry Landshark anymore. :( Oh well, the food and service are still great, will keep going of course. Just noticed they have a "beer wall" with about 20 taps for various craft beers - nice.
5	New player on the block!!  Over 5 A+ IPA's..Green Flash, Sierra Nevada Torpedo and San Tan Devils Ale.  All good priced too!!  A must try!!!
2	We decided to try this place since a band we like was playing there. Nice selection of craft beers on draft. And the menu is a good mix of different options from burgers to wing & a prime rib special on the weekends. The place wasn't very busy when we arrived around 7pm on a Saturday night. We were told we'd have 2 servers one of them being in training...Not sure what happened - service was fine thru dinner but the service took a nose-dive after dinner. The place wasn't particularly crowded but we still had to hunt down the server a couple of times for more drinks. The bacon blue burger was good with a healthy serving of thick cut bacon. I would recommend the steak fries over the HOB fries.  The honey hot wings were good but didn't blow me away. We may go back sometime just to try out the prime rib special or the potato soup. I'd rate this at 2.5 stars if a half-star was available.
4	Finally, a place near Mesa that has a decent beer selection. If you like a hoppy IPA, they have Green Flash West Coast IPA on draft. Name one other place in the East valley that can say that. Hungry Monk has a great selection of craft beer but I'm thinking the food at HOB is better. The green chile is pretty darn good and my friend enjoyed a cooked to order medium rare rib eye that at $10.99 will be hard to beat .  One of the owners stopped by the table and we had a pleasnt conversation.  All in all, an enjoyable evening.  I'm going back!
4	Food is good, beer selection is good, and the service is good!
4	House of brews?? Ehh.....standard at best.  Just because you have 20+ taps, doesnt mean you need 10 of them to be Bud products. Food was good, sewer stench as we walked in at 5pm. I'll go one more time, but if I smell that again, I wont come back
3	We ended up here on the first Sunday of football because we slept in too late and there was no room left at our regular haunt - Buffalo Wild Wings.  I wanted someplace where we could access the internet to track the fantasy teams so this fit the bill.  It was an OK experience.  Not terrible but not spectacular.  Ho hum like too many other sports bars in the east valley.  First, I must say to the owners/staff.  Please please fix whatever it is that is creating the smell when you walk in.  That is not a good first impression and to be greeted by it upon using the restroom is just disgusting.  That alone makes me hesitant to return.They had a good crowd and decent drink specials.  The food was OK.  I had the fried artichoke hearts and they were good but way too much cheese sauce which should be served on the side, not with the artichokes resting in it.  By the time you reach the last couple chokes they were soggy.   My husband had the french dip.  It was OK as well however the au jus was way too thick.The waitress was busy so that explains her lack of interaction.  However, the owner spent a lot of time standing in front of us at the bar watching the games and never once said "hi", "welcome", or any other sort of interaction.   I caught his eye a couple of times and he simply turned away..even when I had an empty drink. Not something that made me feel welcome or willing to return.All in all a very blah and mundane experience.  I really missed my BDubs today.  Next time we will make sure to be up early enough to be there.  Really doubt I'll go out of my way to be at the "House of Brews" again any time soon.
2	Just ok. Somewhat disappointed as we are looking for a great sports bar we can walk to from the Islands.  Went during happy hour, but couldn't get the happy hour "special" (which is a measly $1 off appetizer) because we wanted to sit in the dining room.  Got the fajitas which didn't come with anything (had to pay extra for beans and rice).  Nice size portion of meat, but got charged extra for more tortillas (only came w/ 3) and the waitress didn't tell us we'd get charged - I hate that!  Hubby said his steak was good.  Lots of big screen tvs to watch sports. Service was fair.
4	I've tried the place a few times-- for dinner and to see our favorite local entertainer... (Chuck E. Baby performs an all acoustic show there on Thursdays, and they have music on Fri and Sat, too))So far so good! These new owners have improved the menu over the last....The food is very good.. The service was pretty decent for dinner-- but not so much on the beverage service. Had to go to the bar a couple of times to get a beer. They have a lot of beer choices on tap. It is a good neighborhood hang....
1	Ordered drinks got it wrong. Ordered food got the order wrong. Ordered micro brew got Coors light. Haven't seen a server for 20 mins!  Really!!!!!!!
3	What is that smell? Did somebody crap their pants? You'll know what I'm talking about as soon as you walk in... But once you get used to the stench, this is a decent place. Lots of high quality craft brews on tap and a bunch of really nice HD TV's. The food is standard bar fare, but with the rotten bathroom smell you probably won't want to eat here anyway!
4	We went out for an early dinner. Our usual place was too crowded because the theater had just let out. I suggested we try House as it is on the corner near our house. Tis is a sports bar no two ways about it. The service was fast, friendly and efficient. We each got a burger which was quite good and a side of slaw. I had a glass of stout which was very good. The prices seemed reasonable. Like other reviewers we went to Uncle Bear's, stopped going to Skybox and now we're back. A place to walk to on a nice day. Next time I;ll branch out into other parts of the menu. I would have liked to have a 1/2 pint instead of a pint. The bun on my burger could have been toasted and had more body. Lots of tvs on very loud.
4	House of brews is a great locally owned, non-chain, neighborhood bar with pleasant servers and a wide selection of good, cold beers, local, national and international brands. They book a lot of great (for my taste) local, live bands on the weekends. It has a variety of comfortable seating: bar, booths and high tops. What more can you ask from a bar? It has become one of my main weekend music hangouts.
4	Lots of high quality craft brews on tap and a bunch of really nice HD TV's. The food is standard bar fare. A good place to watch the game whatever sport it may be. If you like live music, they have it on the weekends and they also have an open mic night thing on Thursdays hosted by some guy with a bad toupee named Chucky Baby who seems to have a regular following. There used to be a weird smell (sewage I believe) but they seem to have taken care of it.
4	Friday was IPA night, which caught my attention immediately.  I got the Bourbon Street burger and added fresh jalapenos (no one does this - which really bothers me.  Most of us LOVE fresh rather than picked / from the jar).  It was delicious, as was the queso dip we shared as an appetizer.Some dude was there playing guitar and singing, which was a nice added bonus.  Live music is a plus when it doesn't suck.  The service was so-so, I'm not 100% sure she was happy to be there, but the food delivered and we will definitely be back!
4	Went here for the first time tonight.  Misty was our server and was very attentive.  I was impressed with the nice selection of craft brews.  Everyone in our party was very happy with their food.  Good portions, reasonably priced and very tasty.  Will definitely be back.  They are located in the same strip center as Tina's Ethiopian Food, but other than those two, the center is mostly vacant, so don't be misled by the lack of cars in the center.  For those who need another reason to try HOB, as of this writing they have a coupon on www.restaurant.com, so it will cost you a little less to try out a really good restaurant.
4	One of the better bars in the Valley.  Great food and drink specials, good selection of drinks, the owners & staff are awesome and good live music.If you live in the area, this place is pretty much a must if you like the bar and grill type place with just about everything.  I loved going here when I lived in the area.
2	We went for dinner (first visit) on a Wednesday evening.  We arrived during happy hour, but there was plenty of seating and we were promptly taken to our table and ordered drinks.  Happy hour prices were reasonable and there is a good selection of craft beers available, in addition to domestics, some wines and liquor.There were only two servers working, but the crowd was small to begin with.  We were surprised to see that the service was slow and sporadic, even before the restaurant began filling up.  When our meals arrived, my burger did not come with cheese (as I had ordered), so I had to send it back briefly.  When it finally came back, the burger was now overcooked (I had ordered medium-well).  Near the end of our meal, I asked for a glass of water, but it never arrived.  The flavor of the food was pretty good, but the overall experience was a let down.Bottom line, I'll probably give it another try, maybe for lunch.  The menu has good variety and I hope for a better experience next time.
5	Great food and a huge selection of beer
3	Went to the Grand Re-Opening of House of Brews on February 8, 2013 to see what it was all about. Had not discovered this particular watering hole in the East Valley, but the name suggested it might be a place I could find a decent craft beer selection.Perhaps to be expected from a re-opening, the staff was in some disarray. The service was actually very attentive, and all efforts were made to courteously accommodate our table, but the menu was drastically limited and it wasn't made clear to me what all of the beer choices were. When I asked, I was told all of the conventional draft beer choices including Bud and Michelob Ultra (um...yecch!) which really confused me since I had stepped foot into a place that seemed to cater to real beer drinkers. Fortunately, a newfound friend at my table (I was hanging with a Meetup.com group called the "Valley Beer Drinkers" for the very first time) suggested the Breckenridge Vanilla Porter... and that was exactly what I was in the mood for given the slightly chilly, slightly rainy weather we had that night.The best thing about this place is that it's a really decent venue for live music! I stayed for a few songs from Shake It Loud that really sounded great. However, the food was an entirely other matter. My sliders were actually difficult to eat, they were so bad. I traded one for a wedge of quesadilla (which was passable) from another table patron. The third one I left on the plate. It tasted like the meat had been cooked, frozen, and then recooked. So, I am once-bitten/twice-shy about the food here (and no, the band did not play a cover of that embarassingly silly pop hit from Great White).So I see great things for this place. I hope their trajectory is upward and onward, with more attention paid to the kitchen and menu offerings. And I imagine that the emphasis on a decent beer selection (nobably craft beers) will be restored. Meanwhile, I plan to return to catch some great local music acts, if the talent I saw on my initial visit was any indication. A lot of good times could be had at this place, but I'll be a little bit shy about eating here again.
4	Good, not great. Standard pub with standard pub fare. What takes this from a 3 star to a 4 star is the solid selection of craft beers on tap and the pretty decent prices. $5 for a tall beer is decent.
