5	What a wonderful museum! Most people have never been or haven't been since their 5th grade class took them here on a field trip in the 80's.  Arizona is not as old as many other states but this is a reminder that we do have a lot of history in Arizona.  http://www.azleg.state.az.us/museum/museum.htmMuseum Description (from Capitol Museum Association)This National Register site served as both the Capitol of the Arizona Territory and the State Capitol and has been restored to its historic appearance. Exhibits: House and Senate Chambers, offices of Governor and Secretary of State, hands-on exhibit for sight impaired, and more. Gift shop.OH... and it's FREE!  and you can go see the highly controversial 9/11 Memorial it's just a walk away from the museum.
5	All museums rock, but this one is consistently interesting.  If you are downtown, make it a point to visit.  So many great things to do here in the valley but you have to seek them out.  Too bad these guys do not advertise more!Good for a 2-4 hour visit for the typical family.Enjoy!
5	Great museum.  Four floors of interesting and well put together exhibits about Arizona history for you to browse through at your leisure.  Very little foot traffic during my visit, only a handful of other visitors at most.  Photography is welcomed.  There's plenty of free parking in the lot across the street.
5	The hidden jewel of Phoenix! This building houses many treasures and the docents are full of stories.  Althought the 10AM and 2PM visits have been discontinued, the self guided tour is excellent!  Plan plenty of time, because the "leisurely walk" through the four floors soon becomes a full afternoon.  Don't be concerned about the crowds out on the lawn while the Legislature and Senate are in session, the museum is calm and peaceful.  What other state lets you sit in the room where its constitution was wrtten, or has a wax dummy of its first Governor still in office....And best of all....it is free!
3	I feel like they could do so much more describing the history of this state. You can't complain when something is free but I honestly feel the presentation is lacking.
3	This was an interesting way to spend an afternoon.  Outside were memorials to basically every war and every type of demographic to be honored.  There was some cool AZ history though.  Inside was a lot of interesting AZ history stuff and information about the early times in AZ.  A lot of war memorabilia, pioneer memorabilia and stuff.  Free parking close by.
