4	Pho is the hottest thing in Asian cuisine these days. Places are popping up all over the city. Pho Hoang is one of those newer places in need of a following. I have been in twice and have always been one of maybe 6 people in the restuarant at the time. For shame! This place is great. I am in absolute love with the fresh spring rolls. yummy shrimp and fresh veggies--and a great peanut sauce for dipping! I have also tried the skewered chicken and shrimp. Delightful!Last night I had the beef tenderloin with lemongrass and vermicelli. Again...a winner. The fresh vegetables were an extra added pleasure.
3	Just what the doctor ordered Sunday morning after a long night of hard drinking and partying!  We clubbed at Club Asia at Planet Hollywood on Saturday night and had a little too much, because when we woke up Sunday morning at my friend's pad off the strip, we were in dire need of PHO!!! My two buddies were worse off than I was, and I had to sell the idea of finding pho to them for about an hour before they agreed to go just to shut me up.  Luckily, there was a pho restaurant pretty close to where we were, and we immediately ran in and ordered that warm soupy goodness.  The pho at this restaurant wasn't actually all that good... but I really didn't care...I just needed it inside my belly as fast as possible!  And once again it didn't fail! I felt so good after eating it, and that's why I'm giving this place 3 stars, even though I said it wasn't that good.  What was really interesting about this restaurant was the waitress who served us.  She was probably about 18 years old, and was the daughter of the owners...and she had to have been the most eccentric waitress I've ever had.  She just kept laughing at us and walking next to our table and just standing there with a grin on her face.  She asked us if we were hung over, and when I asked her if she partied the night before as well, she said just smiled and walked away.  Then she sat a table just staring at us.  Creepy!  Then she came back and stood right in front of our table and didn't say anything.  Finally, I had to ask her, "Are you high?" and she said, "You're mean" and walked away.  That was the end of our encounters with her.  Bottom line, if you need pho badly, this place will do the trick.  Just come knowing that you might get stared at while you eat by the unnamed waitress.
2	I'm originally from the Bay Area so I used to eat pho about once or twice a week while I was up there so I have pretty high expectations for pho .. although I've rarely been to a bad pho restaurant - this one was one of my least liked. The broth is not too flavorful and it had a total of 4 pieces of brisket in it and 4 piece of the rare beef (tai) ... I gave it one extra star over 1 for the service because this is the first pho spot I have ever been to in my life where the waitress actually asked me how I was doing during my meal
1	Probably the worst pho I've ever had and I'm not exaggerating.  We went earlier today and ordered a couple of bowls of pho.  There's very few choices of meat.  Brisket, rare meat, and meatballs.  The rare meat came out cooked, the broth was bland, the noodles were mushy, and they had no tripe or tendon!  The snobby waitress just added insult to injury.
1	How did this place survive 4 years? If you want to pay 7 bucks for a small bowl of Pho or 6.50 bucks for itsy bitsy small 4 pcs of egg roll then you have found your place. The waitress was very cold and not welcoming at all. The broth of the Pho we ordered was the worst we have ever had. The pickles that came with the egg rolls were old. Save yourself some money and go elsewhere.
1	This place is the worst Vietnamese restaurant that I have ever experienced. The soups/pho was so bland and all the other dishes that I had were horrible. With all the other businesses going belly up I am surprised this one has not bitten the dust yet.
1	Pho is bad, taste just like what I would get if I open a bag of dried Pho and put boiling water in it. Couldn't believe how bad it tastes, and expensive too. The service wasn't good either. I think the gal who serves in front is the owner also. Man, I agree with some fellow yelpers, how did the business still manage to survive?
2	This place is far from the best pho experience I've ever had (that is almost a bad pun).  It's really not bad, but there are much better Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas.  The pho broth isn't on the same level as Pho So 1 or Lemongrass Cafe.  For some reason, they were out of bean sprouts and while I don't love them, I've become accustomed to having them in my pho.  Finally, I was a little disappointed that they don't serve tripe in any of their pho variations.Overall, although I did enjoy the soup, I probably won't return.  I need to try the Jenni Pho place just down the street.  If that doesn't work out, I'll just have to make the extra drive to Chinatown.
1	Wow this place is a pho restaurant? I consider myself pretty knowledgeable about pho and am always willing to give a place a try rather than going to my usual spots. I had a craving for pho that day and I've already been to Jenni Pho down the street so my gf and I thought lets give Pho Hoang a try. Bad idea! Heres how it went down:1 extra large bowl of pho =  $10...very bland, tasteless broth. The bowl was huge but the content was not. The huge bowl was filled with broth with very little noodle (the same amount as a small bowl anywhere else). There was barely any meat and needless to say I was disappointed and somewhat pissed off. 4 tiny pieces of egg rolls the size of your pinky = $7 I truly believe whomever is giving this place a good review has to be out of their minds or do not know how pho is suppose to taste. Listen to what everyone else is saying and save yourself the trouble or go and be disappointed. If you are really craving for pho in that area try Jenni Pho down the street, it is not the best place either but it sure taste a whole lot better.Enjoy!
