4	So, this isn't a product review, because you either know what Fossil sells, or you don't, and you either really like the items, or you don't.  I like Fossil stores.  Even though the products are sold in department stores *everywhere*, it's still convenient to be able to go to a store dedicated to Fossil's own unique style.  Fossil glasses and sunglasses line cases on each side of the store, purses and bags arranged by collections.The arrangement, along with the friendliness of the employees, created a completely stress-free shopping experience.
5	We went in today with a broken watch and received some AMAZING Customer Service.  I don't think I will ever buy a watch anywhere else again!
5	I agree with a previous reviewer: You either know what Fossil is selling or you don't.OK, fine: High quality watches, jewelry, accessories, handbags. Yeah, you get the picture.Dude has bought me several watches from this location as gifts, and anytime I've had to go in for an adjustment, cleaning, etc. I've always been met with superior customer service.If you're looking for Rosegold ANYTHING, look no further than Fossil. Been eyeing their new collection, so maybe I'll be in for a new timepiece or some earrings soon!
5	I was blown away by Fossil's service recently. I bought a hobo bag from the outlet over the summer. This fall, the leather started to look dry and the sealant on the edges of the leather cracked. I took the bag and receipt to this store, hoping they would be able to swap it out or at least tell me what to do.They offered to call around and find a replacement. A few weeks later, a manager called to apologize for the delay and tell me that all those bags had been pulled from stores, probably because of the defect.So here's what she did for me: She found the current selling price of the bag (which was still full price and way more than what I paid, since I bought it at the outlet) said that I could come to the store and pick out a new bag with that much money as a credit. I told her that I hadn't paid that much at the outlet and she said not to worry, and that I should come to her store because they'd take care of me.Well, I went today and picked out a beautiful new bag with help from another manager who had been told about my bag and to take care of me! How sweet is that? I had the original receipt and just signed for the exchange.I love these people. Who has customer service like that in 2013? Not sure who else, but I know Fossil does. :)
