4	We got drive thur only.  I did get a peak of the restaurant inside, it is the same set up as all the other Culver's.  I got the Wisconsin Swiss Melt with chili cheese fries & a vanilla shake.  YUM!  I know it is a butter burger, but just wish it was a tad less greasy.  I KNOW, I am at a fast food joint.  The vanilla frozen custard shake is goodness and the chili cheese fries were pretty good.  Their menu looks massive from the outside looking in, the drive thur menu I don't think captures it all.  I guess we need to stop in sometime soon.
4	I had never had a Culver's burger prior to their opening in Avondale.  They are definitely good burgers, but are a bit too greasy for my liking.  Haven't been inside the restaurant yet, having only used the drive through, but will say that the drive through was quick and they have pull ahead spots designed for those times when your order may be a little slow so they don't block up the window.  We had a Wisconsin Swiss Melt meal and a Butter Burger with bacon meal (I can't remember the exact name of the sandwich) and they were very hot and fresh though a bit too "buttery" for me.  The fries are decent, but I must admit to liking In-N-Out's fries better.  But if you are looking for a good hamburger that is different from the typical chains, I would recommend this place.  We will go back again soon.
4	We've been here 3 times since they opened.  My hubby loves their custard, and was super excited they were opening close by, especially in time for summer.  The food is good, I'm a fan of their shaved prime rib sandwich.We've only visited their drive thru, so I can't tell you about the inside.  But, they're very nice and have gotten our orders correct (for the most part, I'll mention this at the end).  Today, we had a coupon for "buy one basket, get one free".  I got the shaved prime rib with onion rings and an ice tea.  My hubby got the Culver's Deluxe with fries and a root beer float.  We got it home and everything was delicious!  Their onion rings are super crispy and so flavorful, I don't even dip them in anything.Here's my problem, albeit a small one...they ask what kind of sauces we like, and include them on the receipt, yet they never put them in the bag!  This hasn't happened once, it's happened all three times we've been there.  My hubby always forgets to look in the bag, so the first time I didn't get any horseradish sauce with my sandwich (even tho it was written on the receipt).  The second time, I was with him, I looked in the bag and before we drove away, asked for my sauce.  The girl at the window rolled her eyes and grabbed a few of them.  Since I only used part of one, I kept the other ones in our fridge.  Good thing I did, today again, no sauce in the bag.  If they go to the trouble to ask you what sauce you want, and include it on your receipt, they should make damn sure it's in the bag!  That's my only gripe with them.The food is really good, and different then your usual fast food drive thru...my only warning would be, if you like sauces with your food, make sure to look in your bag.  Other than that, enjoy!
4	Very good burger and fries and the entire family enjoyed their meal. We went late, around 9:00pm and it was very busy so we were glad we were not there during the dinner rush.One complaint is after we ate our meal and on our way out we went to the counter to order some frozen custard to go. She took our order and we paid and they she stood there looking at me. I asked, do we get a number and she said "no, just stand against the wall and they will call you when it is ready". She had not taken my name or anything so I asked her "how are they going to call me, they don't have my name?" and she said, "they will call out your order". So, we stood in line with the other 15 people and each time an order was ready it was a cluster with people trying to figure out if the order being called was actually there's or someone else's. They continuously had to go through the entire order so people could figure out if that was their order which slowed down the entire process and made the front of the place a zoo.I highly recommend they come up with a better way to call out orders so people know if it is their order being called out. It would be as easy as giving each customer an order number that is called out when it is ready.
5	Either someone read my previous comment, or enough people complained about it, I got both my salad dressing and sauce in the bag tonight...without even asking!  Plus the food is still dynamite.
5	I try to avoid doing big chains, but occasionally I make exceptions. I've been to this location a few times and it's always been good. The burgers are a bit greasy but honestly, it's not like a bad greasy if that makes sense. The pot roast sandwich, burgers and custard are all really good. They're also fast and fresh, even when you're close to their closing time. It's a great spot for me to hit up late at night in a pinch.
2	The food isn't too bad - but the service can be downright dreadful.  The front counter is just a mish mash of people all jockeying to be served.  There is no order to it and the cashiers seem helpless to make sense of it.The custard is usually good, but tonight it had an awful chemical taste to it, like someone had not rinsed the soap or santizing solution from the machine before adding the custard base.  It was gross.  Combined with the crappy attitude of the lead cashier when we had to bring back an improperly prepared food item, I think this may be our last visit.  Not good enough to warrant these many issues.My favorite menu item has to be the salads, but I don't guess we'll be eating them going forward unless someone fixes these problems.One more totally gross thing:  the bathrooms smelled like urine. And the do not provide paper towels, just an air dryer.  I was sick thinking about what might be on that handle...
3	We have been there several times already, and everything has been great.Except for the last time we got our food to go. Our cheese and bacon burger had no bacon, and was so plain that McDonalds sounded better.I think we'll stick to their ice cream and drinks.
5	So far so good. This was our first time eating here and we were not at all leaving hungry and unsatisfied. Staff was very patient and polite and very helpful. She also offered coupons on top of our online deals and that right there saved us half off of everything. We all had a different kind of butter burger. All extras are also free I couldnt tell you which one was better than the other so try whatever your heart desires at the moment and you will not be disapointed. I did take a bite of everyones burger so I know they are all good. We also had onion rings cheese curds and chili cheese fries. I just love those cheese curds I will always order those everytime I go. One thing in my opinion is that the burgers are a good kinda greasy so grab some wet naps at the condiment station. I also feel they lack in the salt in fries and maybe in burger too if you want some salt with your buttery burger there is nothing wrong with that. If you are on a diet you shouldnt be eating here anyway. I will mention they do serve salad but why suffer watching everyone else indulge in delicious burgerness and topping it off with some good ol concrete ice cream? Not me... with all that being said I will come back I hope it goes as well as it did today. This will be a fam fave.
5	I have been going to Culver's restaurants for years.  I am from the Midwest, so I'm very familiar with Wisconsin cheese and dairy products, etc.  I have to say, this Culver's is by far the most beautiful, cleanest, and well-staffed of them all.  The experience was positive from the moment I walked in the door and was greeted by a smiling employee.  I ordered a reuben sandwich with cheese curds and a milkshake.  Everything was delivered hot (or cold, in the case of my milkshake), fresh and promptly to our table.  The employee even offered to bring us cups of water!  I was also very impressed with management, as they stopped by our table to ask how our experience had been.  Three thumbs up!
5	This is the first time my family has ever been to Culver's and am happy to say it won't be the last. My husband and I had a date night out on a Friday night and we were tired and just wanted to grab something quick to eat and have been eyeing this place since it opened up. Showing up around 11pm ( I believe) and was happy to pull up to a BIG BRIGHT MENU..... We mulled it over and I grabbed a Mushroom Swiss Burger and my hubby grabbed the shaved prime rib sandwich. The burger was awesome! Not that it was fancy in the least but it was how you would want your burger to taste. Big fat patty, seasoned and cooked right. I enjoyed every bite and it wasn't too greasy. Their fries I could have done without, there was just nothing to them.My husband bragged about his sandwhich too says it tasted great. The staff was super friendly too!Next time I want fast food I will come to Culvers..
4	I'm glad they put this location here! It's a high end fast-food burger joint with great deserts.
5	Great food, impressive menu, very clean. Can't wait to go back, even though I lost my sunglasses there!
4	My hubby and I decided to make a quick stop somewhere, to take a restroom break and of course to get something to snack on before heading back on the road to LA.  We've never heard of Culver's so we took a chance on it since it was off the freeway.  It looks like a brand new location, since it looks so new from the outside.  We find out it's a ice cream type of place with burgers and fries.  Their sign says their known for their frozen custard, which sounded pretty darn yummy despite the fact that it's SO cold outside!  So we went in, and the customer service was pretty good.  The young ladies would ask if we were ready to place our order, and once we told her not yet she told us to take our time.  Their interior was pretty nice and clean, as well as their restroom.  Their menu selection consisted of lots of burgers and frozen custard treats and milkshakes.  We ended up getting one strawberry milkshake, and one brownie batter item.  The milkshake was PRETTY DARN GOOD!  The brownie batter was good too, but I enjoyed the milkshake a lil better.  So if you're looking for a good fast food sweets place if you're in AZ, be sure to check out Culver's!
5	Always great food, burgers are always tasty, custard is rich, and the cheese curds and onion rings take the prize.
4	Nom nom nom.  Cheese curds!Used to have Culvers butter burgers and cheese curds when I was in college, in Wisconsin.  Yay to the fates for bringing them to Avondale!Met the family that owns the place and they are super nice.  Food is higher quality and costs a little more.  It's worth it.  Burgers are super yum, desserts are a big hit with my wife and daughter, and I eat cheese curds until my lactose intolerance warns me otherwise.  Non-burger options are also good-- French Dip, chicken, and soup.  Ice cream is actually custard, so it's thicker.  May be an extra good thing to stand up to the AZ hell-summer.  My work team loves it when we bring in Concrete Mixers for them for special occasions.
2	Stopped here after work,it was lunch time and i wanted to try something different,anyways i ordered their deluxe burger and i must say i was disappointed,the burger was a good size but it lacked flavoring and the toppings were so ,so.Their fries were good ,thats about it.I do want to try their desserts.
1	diarhea.  Three times from this place.  Once from a burger, once from chicken fingers and once from frozen custard.  Love the chain.  Just not this location.  Too bad too because it is the closest to my house.  Finally learned my lesson.  NOT GOING BACK to this location
1	Horrible service.  Plus you are made to move even when no other cars are in line.  10 minutes for a combo? ??
4	Good food... Friendly staff.  Frozen custard was the bomb
5	Clean - Professional staff- good food!! Love there kids grilled cheese sandwich yummy-yummy-yummy!!!!!
4	The burgers are pretty good, they seem to melt in your mouth. Only downside is that they seem a little on the small side to me. Also a little too greasy, but what's a burger without the grease right? The cheese curds are awesome and their frozen custard is a must have. It does suck if you go through the drive thru because they seem to take a little too long. However, there is a sign before you get to the window that warns you about the wait time. So it should be expected I guess.
3	Salads at Culvers? Yes, especially when you have a date that your not going to be seeing again and they are advertising a 2-1 Salads deal. Any $7 salad is a BOGO at this location. So, it feels like I paid for a meal, but not hers, but she is still eating because I paid. Anyway, the salads were average at best, mine had some crumbled bacon and blue cheese and fresh cooked chicken chunked on top. Not sure if the chicken was cooked through or did my raspberry vinagrette dressing make the chicken appear undercooked? You can finish the salad in 8 minutes, but somehow this woman took 30 minutes of playing with her salad before she finally finished. I turned in the receipt at the end of the meal and got a free scoop of the flavor of the day, so it turned into a better meal, but date still left a lasting stank long after I drove the 10 back to the homestead.
5	Great food,  Great staff,  clean environment and restrooms ;) love it
3	Delicious custard, good service.  Their regular food is OK.  Super greasy, super not good for you.  Neither is the custard but everybody needs a guilty pleasure!
5	Ohhh man this place has the most delicious butter burgers you've ever had in your life I'm talking about calorie blasting heart vessel clogging butter burgers delicious I think I'm going to give me one right now!!
2	I'm not a fan of their food, but I sure do love their custard ice cream!
4	Pleasantly surprised when I took a shot in the dark by asking if they serve a veggie burger patty. I didn't notice it on the menu. They came through and all the fixings (pickle, onion, tomato, lettuce, and mayo) are standard. Put together a meal with fries and a drink under $8. Will go again next time scheduling calls for last minute drive thru.
4	It's almost dangerous to have Culver's so close to our home.  Any time my wife and I get an ice cream craving, it's a short journey up the road to satiate those dairy desires at the cheapest and best place in our neighborhood.  We've been there many times since it opened and we've always gotten quick service and delicious treats.  I knock a star off for two reasons.  One, the one time we got food other than ice cream it was a bit too greasy, and two our dessert orders have not always been right the first time.  The nice thing about that was getting a free dessert because of a screw-up, but it would have been better if they got it right the first time.  Regardless, with the general quality of the experience being high and the constant promotional flyers they send out being a huge incentive to visit, it's definitely one of our favorite stops.
4	I tried Culvers for the first time this week and loved it. It's a bit pricey but well worth it. I will surely becoming a regular at this place.
3	Very pleasant and good service.  The restaurant was clean and bright.  I  have not been to Culvers in years.  It was a good experience.  The food could have been slightly better.  The burger patties are thin.  Cheese curds were good but expensive.  I would go here again even if it was just for a root beer shake.
4	This was my first visit to any Culver's and I have to admit it was the $1.49 for 20 lbs. of ice that drew me in. It was late, I needed ice, and flashing in my face was an option to get it without getting out of my car and grab some dinner on the way home without making two stops. The burger was tasty, not out of this world, but satisfying. I was super happy to discover the crinkle fries! I haven't had them in ages and they were great, not greasy at all. But the over the top, does it for me every time, factor as to whether or not I will revisit an establishment was the F A N T A S T I C service. Super polite, friendly, and seemed happy to be doing their job. Well done Culver's crew!
3	This is my second visit in two years and while I think the food is pretty good there are other places I would choose to go first. I went with the traditional butter burger, cheese curds and a chocolate Reece's peanut butter cup concrete mixer. The burger was pretty good. I really liked the bun. I also went with the cheese curds which is a nice change up from the normal fries. The mixer was ok but not so good that I would go out of my way to have it again. My husband had root beer and it was really good.  The staff is super friendly and everything is really clean.
4	Love the food here along with the exceptional customer service. I normally get a triple burger with cheese which is to die for. I don't care much about custard, but it tastes great and my wife and kids love it!
4	Delicious salads, sandwiches, FANTASTIC cheese curds, and desserts. Friendly faces giving great service. Clean, family-friendly restaurant.
5	Fantastic burgers done anyway you like. Great selection of sides, the onion rings and crinkle cut fries are perfect, however you can also get deep fried cheese curds.  They serve salad or mashed potatoes and gravy for a side as well.  Butter Burgers are fresh and you can tell the difference.  The frozen custard is thick and creamy.  Just plain delicious.  My only problem, is that this location is adjacent to my hotel, which means that I can walk there and back!  Too tempting :)
5	Absolutely love this place! The people are friendly and always smiling. I also haven't had a single problem with them for as many times as I go :D The food is delicious and worth the price you pay. If you'd love to try a delicious, greasy, fresh veggies, yummy, and fantastic burger, DEFINITELY go here! :) oh, and did I say delicious!? Well, D.E.L.I.C.I.O.U.S!
5	I have a new favorite Restaurant!!!  When it comes to burgers and fries, this joint is the greatest... A High quality product is what us as consumers  want and will pay for!!!
4	I love this Culver's, love the Burgers and Fried Chicken Dinner..... of course the Ice Cream. Just one little thing every time I order Fried Chicken , they are either out or double check if they have any chicken... lol , no big deal .Over in all it's very good no complaints here , nice place to take your kids they will love it....
4	I haven't been to Culver's since I was 17 living in Mckinney Tx! I loved their food! I recently moved to AZ and had to try it. Just as I remembered, very fresh juicy burger. the fries are just ok. Besides In n Out this is my second choice for fast food burgers. And lets not get on the amazing custard. best i've ever had.
4	Went to Culver's for dinner lastnight. Had a full punch card so I got a free value basket! I got the Butterburger Cheese (single) basket with cheese curds. My boyfriend got fries with his basket so we could share sides. Everything was very good. There was a big family that ordered after us so the employees seemed to get a bit frazzled by the large order. We noticed a guy at a table by us waiting a very long time to get his food. But I guess we got in at the right time and had a good meal.
4	I have been to this culver's several times. I'm never disappointed.  The bacon deluxe double is amazing as are the onion rings. The custard is great too. Customer service is great. My only complaint are the prices. They are a bit expensive compared to freddy's or smashburger. For myself, husband and kids with dessert its almost 50 bucks!!!!!!!!! Great food but prices are way too high.
4	Never been and kept hearing about it! Culver's was right on the corner by my hotel so I thought I would give it a try. They were very nice and told me all about the menu when they found out I had never been. They also gave me a sample of the frozen custard. My favorite part was the frozen custard mixed with some oreos. I had a patty melt and some cheese curds. They were both good. The burger was very greasy but it was good. Just not healthy! I will be back to give them a try and have some more of the frozen custard for sure!
4	Customer service was awesome! Very nice and friendly staff. It was my first time here. Food is okay, to me it's nothing special just a fast food joint. But I like it just because of the service haha. The blueberry cheesecake custard though OMG
4	Great  customer service.  Great  selections for a fast  food kind of place.  Plus they  have  diet  root beer!
