5	I have horrible issues with anxiety and going to the shrink exacerbates it instantly. That said, I was compelled to write this review resulting from a super positive experience. After two visits and four phone calls, I must say that my experience with this clinic was exemplary. I chose this office based on affordability and was blown away by them. Every single member of the staff was polite, efficient and helpful both on the phone and in person. Dr. Still was really easy to communicate with, which is extremely essential to my success in a psychiatrist/ patient relationship. In addition, he went out of his way to accommodate my budget given my lack of insurance. Lastly, he did something that is absolutely unheard of in a psychiatrist's office-- he strongly recommended several alternative treatment options and provided references from personal experience for each. Five stars!!
3	I've been going to this place since 2010. I first had an AMAZING psychiatrist, listened to me, cared as to what I had to say and then he moved out of state. Since then, it's been rough.  I've had to switch insurance companies because I became pregnant and needed maternity so I've had four other doctors since the switch since one went on leave, another took my insurance and then didn't take my insurance, the other is only available certain times/daysAfter my pregnancy the medicine i was taking was ok but i think i needed something else, but I told him i was doing ok he decided to UP the dose, Why would you up the dose when the dose i'm on is doing me good. I called to set up an appointment ASAP because I wasn't feeling right and needed to see my doctor as soon as possible, they're really good when it comes to that kind of stuff and getting you in ASAP. One time was when the pharmacy wrote the wrong directions on my prescription and i called to verify how to take it. I called them first thing in the morning on a Friday and it took them Monday afternoon to call me back. This medicine i was told that you cannot mess up the dosage unless you want to break out in a rash or start the dosing system all over again. It seriously only takes even one of his assistants to look at my chart and just call me back.I still go here only because I don't really feel like switching practices and I'm just starting therapy so my review might change after they finally are able to diagnosis what is wrong with me and I can stay with one doctor instead of switching constantly.
1	I came here under a referral from a friend of mine. Was suffering from depression so I decided to give therapy a shot. The psychiatrist I met with was Dr. Ho. Upon first meeting him, I didn't really have much of an opinion. He prescribed Prozac to help with my mood swings. I tried it for 4 weeks and I began to have more panic attacks and thoughts of suicide. When I went back to see him he didn't seem that at all concerned. We tried something else and I didn't like the way it made me feel. I left messages with the front office staff who is very pleasant but Dr. Ho never returns calls. I canceled my last appointment and took myself off the meds. I'm not going back.
1	This place in insane!  Apts for my husband are three months out though he suffers from severe ADHD (very simalar to Bipolar).  He battles with impulse control issues, and has bought a mercedes on one of his manic like binges.  Yet Dr. Ho feels it okay to only see him once every three months and not speak to his wife.  Any good doctor with ADHD knows very well that the patient will almost always tell you everythings just fine when the truth is their world could be crumbling around them.  I reached out to get counseling of my own since I am struggling with coping with my husband's disorder and the effects it has on our family.  I was given an apt then called and cancelled on and told they'll have something next month or so.  Seriously?  Clearly they don't live in my house or with my husband because I'm lucky I make it through each day.  I'm at my wits end and need help.  Told to wait til next month.  Who does this?  I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told I can't hold on the line.  They have other calls.  This place should be shut down!
