3	What is there to say? It's a parking lot.The overnight lot is too small, so it's often full. If your car is going to be there late, you usually have to park in the short-term lot and risk getting ticketed or towed (there's a sign that says no parking past 1am). That hasn't happened to me yet, but it's only a matter of time.
2	SIGH.  Took the ol' vehicle here in an attempt to prepare myself to get home via bus from O'Hare but no such luck. The long term lot only allows you to stay parked for a max of seven days or else risk a ticket/tow.  Seven days?!  Me thinks 10 - 14 would be a bit more reasonable for a longer term lot, but what do I know. There is also a short term lot (no overnight parking) as well but that clearly did me no good. I'd love to be able to use this lot for my to/from Chicago adventures but so far it has not worked out in my favor.
1	Good grief!  I thought not being able to park here for over 7 days was my problem... now I realize that simply PARKING here is my problem.  I tried to be green by buying a bus ticket on the Van Galder to get me to Chicago.  Silly me. I drove here to catch my bus on a Friday around 10am only to find the lot completely full with cars -- folks were even double-parked in no-parking areas.  Unable to park my car, I had to sadly watch the bus come and go and then catch a ride in a gas guzzling car down to Chicago anyways. Oh, and that Van Galdar ticket is non-refundable to top it off.  So this lot is not just "not-long-term-enough" it also "owes me $30" and is "waaay too-small" to actually count on as an option.  Wah wah.
1	Park and Ride for years most of the parking lot left of gas station for overnight parking. They CHANGED THAT. No overnight parking left of the gas station.  We take the bus to Chicago to save money and not deal with headaches.  Unless you are planning on having someone drop off or pay the $$$$ for a cab to the park and ride STAY AWAY. There is bus stops right down town so if you live anywhere near there or the near west side, there is no parking but cab ride is pretty cheap to get you to bus downtown.Or if you are close to bus 2 line, that can also take you easily downtown to catch either buses.
