4	Classic atmosphere. Take out only. I feel like I'm at a food cart in the Caribbean. Food was good and the people were very kind. Love the fried plantains!
4	I had one of those nights where I was hungry for something but didn't know what and that's just the worst. I was driving around and saw this place out of the corner of my eye and took a chance on it. I got the Jerk Chicken Small Plate and was reasonably priced for the amt of food you get (chicken, rice and cabbage). Chicken was very succulent, flavorful and fell right off the bone. Order was up in the less than two minutes and was a quick transaction. Very quaint with the menu on a chalkboard inside.
4	I now understand why I always see people eating in their cars in this parking lot. I didn't make it very far without sneaking a bite, and in the future I'll know not to press my luck and just enjoy my food with the others parked out front.There are definitely no frills here, I walked in the doors to a long counter with a woman standing behind it, a series of reach-in coolers behind her filled with assorted jamaican drinks amoung other things I didn't catch, and a fairly open kitchen with a stove, a steam table, a warmer, and some equipment around the corner I couldn't see. As noted in another review it was (refreshingly) very clean. The menu is posted on the window as you walk in, along the wall on the inside, and also on a chalk board inside. I don't know if the chalkboard changes at all, but it seemed to have the same items on it as the printed menus.I was a little torn by the options: red snapper, oxtail, curry, a stew, goat, jerk chicken... but I went with the jerk chicken. And then comes the decision on the sides... mac n cheese, cabbage, more rice n beans, greens.. I went with cabbage. A small plate is a whole to go container of rice & beans, chicken, and cabbage - so I have no idea what kind of food you get in a large plate. The desserts sounded fantastic, I almost got a rum cake but stopped myself. (That was the one moment I was happy I couldn't sit down and eat, because I knew if I had more time to debate with myself the rum cake would have been purchased.) My small plate and a ting came to around $11. Not bad. After I ordered, the box was assembled as I stood there, everything either sitting hot on the stove or warm in the steam table. I was a little surprised as she flashed the filled container to me in approval before she shut it, but looking back it was nice touch to be able to check my order right there instead of getting to my car (or home) and being disappointed. I got to my car and noticed a few others eating, took a few bites myself, and then continued home. (windows down, windows up made it too tempting to nosh at every stop light)The jerk was really nice, very mild and sweet. I almost wished it had a little bit more heat to it, but very good. The cabbage was a little on the salty side but once you start mixing it in with the perfectly cooked rice and beans it all evens out. I definitely want to try a few other items on the menu, and if they are anywhere near the caliber of the jerk, I know I'll be very happy with them as well.
4	if they have a place to sit down and eat I would give it a 5 stars
4	I think the food here isn't quite as good as Mama's in Plaza-Midwood. But the service is much better, the place is spic and span clean, and if this place doesn't make their beef patties in-house, the place they get them from is much better than Mama's. So... food's slightly better at Mama's, but Austin's is friendlier and cleaner.
4	Jah bombaclats mi bringing you most autentic review pon a austins carribean cuisine now. Dis aftanoon miya had a rumblin pon mi stomach and mi wanna yam da food. That said i found myself near austins and decided i would try it once and for all. My first recommendation to you is to stay away from the jerk chicken. While im sure its fine, their method is inauthentic, they just bake chicken and throw a jerk sauce on it, you can do this at home. A proper jerk chicken is actually "jerked" whereby its marinated and slow cooked, smoked and or bbqd. I opted for the oxtail instead, and boy was i impressed. To the largely whitey  audience on yelp, you need not be afraid by oxtail or its cousin curry goat, they are both delicious cuts of meat and mostly are raised locally (my friend in town farms goats). Oxtail was succulent, saucy, not too spicy, and braised just right. Beans and rice was perfect and even the collard greens were good. Extra point for having Ting, which is Jamaicas sprite. Definitely will return. They are even pretty friendly, which is unique for carribean spots.hear mi now, bob is ya uncle
2	"Meh. I've experienced better". Don't go for the jerk chicken. It looked like brownstew, and It just wasn't that good. The greens were okay. I would try something else...IF I go back. Also the lady at the register was holding a personal conversation on the phone while I placed my order and waited to get my food. What's up with that?
5	This is my new favorite place. Love love the jerk chicken and collard greens. The curry was really good too, and the cabbage. I had a taste of the salted fish, which I wasn't a fan of, mainly b/c it was fried, but the rice and peas, I enjoyed as well.Highly recommended hole in the wall for take-out foodies.
2	I almost gave this place 1 star, but hey the owners were very nice and cute so I can't do that reason as ratings need to be holistic. My friend was really craving Caribbean food so I did research on yelp and decided on this place because of the high rating. I was SOOO very disappointed. First of all, LACK OF selections, maybe this is an American thing to want to have a couple more options, but to be fair, you can see the menu that is listed under the photos section here, you get like 3 choices. I got the vegetarian platter as well, maybe that's why it's not very good. But I always prefer vegetarian and I've had MUCH MUCH better food elsewhere. I got some kidney beans mixed in with my rice...I feel like I could have cooked myself this with a can of beans dumped into my rice? On top of the kidney beans the veggie platter also comes with string beans...ok they are the best on the my plate. And then it was another selection of veggie that I am not quite sure what it is but this place kinda just reminds me of badly cooked southern food to be honest. But hey, I am going to go back and maybe give it another try on the meat product. As far as veggies goes, not tasty is for sure.
4	AUSTIN'S CARIBBEAN CUISINECharlotte truly has a nice variety of international cuisines, ranging from traditional Americano BBQ to Chines food to Mexican grub, to Caribbean cuisines! Before taking a trip to the NASCAR Hall Of Fame, I grabbed lunch at Austin's Caribbean Cuisine, and it certainly did not disappoint. It's a take-out joint, so there's nowhere to sit (the only bad point), but the food was quite good. I ordered the combo, which included the goat stew and jerk chicken. The goat meat was very tender and came in an excellent sauce. The jerk chicken was nice and mildly spicy. Excellent but greasy lunch!!! Give it a try!
5	Authentic "take away" Jamaican food, down to fact that there is no where to eat on premises.Overall, pretty spartan facilities.  Nice woman runs the show.  Bit of confusion whether this place is Austin's or Aunties.  Signs for both.Either way, food is legit.  They regularly serve tripe and goat is always on the menu.Overall, if you want a Patty and curried / jerk chicken, shrimp or goat, it's here.
