4	Imagine my surprise and delight when I rounded a corner and saw a whole entire store of Jimmy Choo's!  Happy shoe diva alert.  I hadn't been in a self standing JC's since London.  All of the delightful shoes were in here and quite a few called out my name.  They tend to run more narrow than a lot of other brands and often their styles don't fit me...not all thankfully, but a lot.Again you will have the issue (if you even have said issue) of them having some shoes the big stores (ie. Neiman's) don't have and that is good vs. the big stores having better sales.  Pick your weapon of choice and go have fun.  If nothing else, go in and dream.
5	My daughter and I went to this mall for a casual shopping day. She had never seen brand name, high end stores before and wanted to look at and see in person various items (she is 11) We went in one store and it was so uncomfortable and an excruciatingly painful feeling from the snobs in there. My daughter dreams of designing her own line of shoes and was intrigued with Jimmy Choo shoes. We came upon this store and she literally gasped. I told her we would walk in this one last snobby store. Much to our surprise, huge surprise, we were greeted. We weren't decked out nor wearing anything high end. Just casual mom and daughter strolling around. The saleslady (I sure wish I knew her name) asked if we needed any help or were looking for anything in particular. I was up front with her and told her we weren't here to buy but just look and explained briefly about my daughter's dream and desire to see these shoes in person (and for kickers an actual Choo store vs. Nordstroms) She was sooo kind and proceeded to ask my daughter if she would like to try on a pair of HEELS!!!!  I could not believe it. She made no stipulations on which pair, price or anything. I steered my daughter to the clearance section which had her dream heels of bright pink. They also had a  wedge pink heel that shined like a mirror. I took out my phone to snap a photo and the sales lady walked over with a matching clutch for her to hold. What a fun experience for my daughter. What a kind lady to make a silly little dream come true. We were even offered a bottle of water. I had only seen that in the movies. Whether or not my daughter ever wears heels, gets into these high end things when she is an adult is up to her however this experience for an 11 year old dreaming girl was priceless. If we ever get to the point of buying a high end shoe, I will be sure to support Jimmy Choo  for hiring a kind down to earth person that hasn't lost touch with reality as well showed no judgement based on looks... If you are in the market for classy formal heels and/or classy heels with some cute flair, great colors and style, go here :D I will update with the sales persons name, when/if I figure it out.
1	I've visited fashion square several times but never came across the Jimmy Choo store! (Big mall!) I am a huge collector of perfumes and their line of fragrance is my favorite. I had seen Sephora carrying a new fragrance from their line and decided since I was at the Jimmy Choo store I was going to purchase from them directly. I walked in to see a gentlemen leaning on the wall gazing out to the courtyard. He did not greet us. So to break the ice I tried to strike up conversion and he could barely stifle up a response to anything I asked. In the middle of me asking a question on whether or not they carried the new fragrance, he yelled out the store to a female employee across the way and completely ignored my question. I was very offended by his attitude. I was going to purchase the item but was so appalled by his behavior that I left. No commission for you, sir.
