4	A new Red Lobster finally opened in Matthews and it is a major difference over the dismal one in Pineville which I reviewed here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=vn_ptSd5JRBuH2bPkGDKpA&q=red+lobsterThe restaurant itself is spacious inside although the exterior makes it seem smaller. There's a bit of a snafu entering and exiting the parking lot since there is no main driveway attached to the sorry joke that is Independence Blvd, so one must seek out the back road by making a couple of turns. Heck, even finding the main entrance door to the restaurant is a bit mystifying itself. At least there's a decent parking lot at this location.We were very pleased with our meals and it seemed like the portions were back to where they should be unlike THAT OTHER LOCATION.King Crab, Cajun chicken fettuccine, and shrimp 3 ways meals were all delicious. They still need to work on bettering their salads, particulary their Caesar. I wish they would also quit trying to experiment with their simple mozzarella cheese sticks as there was nothing wrong with the original. I dearly miss the old marinara. Of course, the famous cheddar-biscuits are totally awesome although I wish they would figure a way to keep them warmer at the table rather than wrap them in paper-napkins. They are definitely better hot.You can tell the kinks are still being worked out in the service department, although I did like the fact that the waitresses' "got each other's backs" when it comes to working the tables.Still, RL is pretty costly in my opinion but I will take advantage of returning as long as they crank out more $10 coupons over those laughable $4 ones!Your pal,Walter
3	This location has only been open for about 6 weeks. I agree with Walter W. that the entrance is reallllly in the cut.  Well, it is more stylish than the Pineville location and more smiling faces.  The service is also better for now and hope they keep it up. The $10 FB promotion was enough to get us through the doors and as crowded as it was(people were waiting outside) more than just I love a deal.  The food was tasty and biscuits hot & delicious. Our server Zac provided some of the best RL service we have had in years. He kept a smile, was knowledgeable about the menu and a biggie for me-- anticipated our table's needs.  It irks me to flag down my server to get a refill, napkins, take away plates, etc.  One gripe would be they were quoting tables 45-50 minutes on Sat evening at 8pmish. In the dining room, we could see many booths& tables not bussed. Maybe if they keep their busboys on top of things, they will not have those long waits. We guests prefer to wait at table.Hint: we may be more inclined to order an appetizer/drinks while waiting.  Not a 5 star dinner nor the  best seafood in the land, but it will have your belly full of a decent & affordable (insert coupon) meal.
1	Our son has this tendency to get things in his head and he will not let them go. I think he gets it from his mother. Regardless, in this case he decided that he had to go to the Red Lobster. So we decided to take him for his birthday.Thinking ahead, we showed up at 4:30 on a Saturday, just knowing that we would beat the dinner rush. Unfortunately, everyone else appeared to have the same plan. So we were told it would be a 20-minute wait. Unfortunately that turned into something more like 35 minutes. But it wasn't horrible, since it was a nice day, and the staff was generally good about updating us on the status of the table.Unfortunately, since there were five of us, and a very large party arrived just in front of us, encompassing multiple tables and the setup of this location not conducive to larger parties, it meant the only option even at that time was for us to sit at a booth for four with a chair at the end. It was cramped to say the least, and then that was made worse by the fact that we were placed in the traffic lane between the tables of the aforementioned large party. We asked to move, and were given another table that had just been cleared. Clear sailing ahead. Or not.Just as we were settling into this new table - now just over an hour after we arrived - a lady approached us, in a relatively nice manner, and asked us to move to yet another table. Please know that it isn't that we had a problem with any particular table, but that we had already been there for an hour, we had been seated and moved once already and initially been told that it would be only 20 minutes.Then we found out that the lady who asked us to move this last time was actually one of the people in the large party that was taking up all the large booths so that we couldn't be seated, and perhaps most importantly, the staff milling about just allowed her to do so.So we left. On the way out, the manager-type person apologized, and she was nice about it, but sometimes enough is enough.
4	This was my first time in red lobster in about 2 years. The venue was nice and clean. Most of the employees and/or servers were mature. Our server was excellent and informative considering I told her it was my first time in red lobster ever haha..... But it was not crowded and I would recommend this restaurant to someone having a casual or special night.
4	Had a chance to go here today for lunch and I left more than happy with my meal.  I sat at the bar and received excellent service from the young lady working.  She was quick to greet me and was efficient every step of the dining process.  I especially liked that she was quick to grab me some warm cheese bread.  She didn't "pretend" she forgot or didn't know that stuff is like crack and that's why people come to Red Lobster in the first place!!!  I digress...so the service was great.So, yeah, the bread was good, the cup of clam chowder I ordered for an app. was great, and I would recommend it to anyone, even if your not a big chowder fan.  I did the whole build your own meal thing, and chose the steak (for a $2 up-charge) and the shrimp alfredo with a side a fries; yea I know, kinda carb-heavy.  All the food tasted great and was up to my expectations.  My only complaint was that the portions were a little light for $19.  Oooook, so I feel like I've pontificated long enough on the ups and downs of Red Lobster.  If you like mid-grade, over-priced, small-portioned seafood, this is the place for you!
1	The only reason I'm leaving a star is because I absolutely have to.   The nicest way to put this is that the best part of my experience was exiting the building. Attentiveness to refills was poor. Appetizers as well as main meal and sides  were like warm and the fish was barely cooked and rubbery.   Broccoli was barely cooked needless to say I will never EVER be back.
1	When I was seated, I had to wait 11 minutes for a server and they weren't all that busy on a Monday night.  The manager came by 3 times so see if my waitress came by yet.  All I can say is this is "slop" on a plate.  I ordered the Admirals platter.  Flounder came out so over cooked and the other seafood on the plate was greasy and very tastless.  Not  much value for the money and very poorly cooked seafood that doesn't even taste like seafood.  The scallops were the size of a dime.  I will never, ever step foot in a Red Lobster again.
1	My son came to see us before he had to leave for a tour of duty over seas. Before he left (tomorrow) we wanted to have a nice meal together. We were hoping to have a great meal to remember.We got there early (before 6) and there were a few people there. Where do they seat us? right by the kitchen. Lots of empty tables. The waitress was very nice and took our orders. The hor's derves come. We ordered the Calamari and an order of Clams. The Clams were very small and were more like bits and pieces. The Calamari was good but not much of it. Then our main course comes. My son and I ordered the NY strip and Lobster. My wife ordered Flounder. My wife received her Flounder with a weird seasoning on it. We tried to scrape it off but could not get enough off, She could not eat it. My son and I also received our steaks without the lobster(we ordered the steaks medium). Both steaks were literally raw. In my whole life I have never sent anything back but I did this time the manager came over and was very nice and said he would comp one of the meals. The steaks and lobster came out a little later. The lobster was ok. I don't know how they did it but half my steak was just right. The other half was over done. Now I try to eat it. What a poor cut of meat. It had so much gristle that I could not eat it. To top it off, once we sent the steaks back the waitress did everything she could to avoid us!  I guess we need to drive the extra mile and go to Pineville if we want to eat at Red Lobster.
1	Personally I love Red Lobster and have usually had very good experiences or at least at the one in Flint, MI!  My husband and I were so excited that a Red Lobster was going to be right down the road from us.We quickly found out that this place had a lot to learn!  The staff was not very friendly and more concerned with socializing than checking on their tables.  Our waitress messed up simple things with our order, did not check on us to see how the food was, and did not refill our drinks.As for the meal, the biscuits were dry and old tasting.  I ordered the salmon with a lemon garlic sauce, however I did not know that my fish would be swimming in the sauce.  I was highly disappointed and will not be returning to this location!
2	They opened around spring and I've been here maybe three times? Some of the wait staff needs to be more attentive and welcoming. I was seated near the bar area and our server came only to take orders, give us the food and to hand the check. He never checked for refills or if we had any issues. We had to flag him down just to get the check.Other times, the servers were great. I've had better food from other Red Lobsters. Hopefully this location improves because I see great potentials for this location. I've eaten at the food chain multiple of time but this location isn't as great. Head over to the location at Pineville.
1	Took 14 guests for lunch at Red Lobster on 1/4/2014.  Portions were small, service was slow and not very good, shrimp were watery and had a frozen fishy taste, lobster was unedible, some orders were not correct and one guest was charged an extra 2.49 for each tea glass refill.  Some tickets were double charged and some of the meals were extremely overcooked and even burnt.  Will never go to this Red Lobster or ANY Red Lobster again.  Also learned several of our group got sick overnight from this food, one of the group was even in the ER on 1/5/2014!!!  Altogether a horrible luncheon which none of the group enjoyed - worst service of any restaurant this group has ever been to.  Food does not come out looking anything like the pictures on the menu :(
4	This was my first visit to the location.  What a refreshing difference from the Gastonia location.  Although we had a fairly long wait (45), which is not unexpected on a Saturday night, I felt it was worth the wait.  Went here for LobsterFest, and was pleasantly surprised that at 9:30, they still had everything we ordered.My mojito was delicious;  our server very attentive and well informed about the menu.  The food was fresh and well presented.I really was impressed with the level of service we received, especially given how packed the place was that night.
1	Tasteless in every sense of the word.  Briefly, I thought about leaving it at that but I figured an explanation for the above statement is warranted.  We had a party of 4 plus two toddlers.  Seated immediately on a Saturday around prime time lunch but that's because the place was practically empty and also because of the "no one", our food arrived in a reasonable amount of time.  The waitress was cordial at best.  Not friendly.  Also, she hands me my plate and tells me it's "warm".  Yeah, not at all warm.  It was uncomfortably hot and I almost dropped it.  But it was only super hot on one side.  Too long under the heat lamp, uh, but just the one side. Not too quick on the drink refills either and we had to be her only table because of the aforementioned "no one". I ordered broiled flounder.  It tasted like a soggy rice cake and it was barely warm.  No taste.  No texture.  The vegetable medley was just ok.  My salad tasted as if it came from one of those pre-mixed salad bags you get at the store.  Granted, it was fresh but it was mainly a bowl of iceburg lettuce, diced unripen tomatoes, one very small slice of purple onion, and diced cucumber.  Uneventful.All in all, I left feeling hungry and unsatisfied.  Will not be returning to the ol' Red Lobster anytime soon.
1	The 1 star is only left because there is no option for minus stars, with that said......I dragged my husband here kicking and screaming trying to convince him they had good food since all my experiences in NY locations were amazing. We sat down and ordered and it took 20 minutes just to get our drinks....which were very good . Then it took us another 20 to get someone to take our order.   Now I have to tell you there was more than enough staff and only a total of 6 patrons, 3 couples in this entire restaurant.What we ordered: coconut shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, parmasean crusted tilapia, with baked potato and sides of lobster tailsWhat we got: the shrimp was edible, mushrooms which were whole uncooked with cheese and breadcrumbs haphazardly thrown on top, tilapia which had bread crumbs and a tiny bit of shaved parmasean on top, baked potatoes which were raw and broccoli that was raw. And the lobster tails had barely any lobster, were so rubbery and over cooked it all must have shrunk to what looked like a wishbone.It took almost an hour to bring this to us.What the manager said was " oh we were out of a lot of stuff, the truck just came in now"  so let me ask you, as the manager did you not think to tell your  staff to notify the patrons of this, and have them suggest something that your cooks weren't going to I love Lucy through cooking?The manager ended up not charging us for any of the food as he agreed it was in edible, but I had my husband saying told you so and apologizing to me because he felt bad that we wasted a night going to this place.  We will never ever go back to red lobster in NC for fear they are not close enough to a coast to have fresh fish and I think that May have been a factor as well.
2	dinning here was a fresh reminder why i do not eat at chain restaurants. to begin with you should not let a server with a running nose serve food. 2nd if you are charging the average price for a dish, in my case Mahi Mahi then make sure the food tastes average or better. not the case here. the only person seems to have enjoyed tge experience was my friend who broght me here. she had the crab legs and seems to like it.if you are like me and like better than average food, dine somewhere else
2	Went to this location on Father's Day.  Had to wait but we expected such.  Had the shrimp trio:  the breaded shrimp was very salty as were the red potatoes.  The potatoes were over cooked and mushy in the middle --- not very tasty.  The waitress came to our table only once during our meal.  Won't be back and recommend others not to waste their time and money here.  After this visit I can understand why the chain is having problems...
2	Drinks are always good but they bought us stale rolls.  The waiter gave misinformation about the dish my daughter ordered and she had to send it back. Grandkids loved their food but they are all under 8.  I had the standard broiled seafood.  Was tasteless but I was hungry and on my second cocktail.  Try to find a fresh seafood establishment on the side of the road before going here.
1	I called and asked if I could make reservations for 9 of us on a Friday evening for my   husband's birthday. I was told they do not take reservations but I could get my name on a list. I talked to a gentleman there and he assured me that he would put my name on the list. He asked what time we would arrive and told him 7pm. I told him that we had not been to a Red Lobster in at least 25 years. He said we should have a nice time and no real problem getting in. I called back on Friday and again they told me that my name was on the list. When we got there at 7pm for our dinner we were told  - not sure how log the wait would be - and most likely at least a 45 minute wait.  What happened to the name on the list?  The two girls at the front desk did not seem to care - in fact, rude in my opinion. We left and went across the street to Azteca and had a very nice meal.  It's going to be another 25 years before I go to Red Lobster again.
1	I was feeling nostalgic with my mom and aunt. We hadn't been to Red Lobster since I was a kid. There was a wait. We were cool with that. After about 20 minutes we bellied up to the bar to have a drink while we waited. The bar itself was covered in a thick film of greasy finger prints and beer. I asked the busy bartender for a rag to wipe it. Without responding or looking at us, she was visibly aggravated and half ass wiped the bar, continuing to ignore our many thanks. I ordered a $5 beer. The glass was filthy. I'm really not that picky (yes I guess I don't mind drinking beer from a dirty glass) and did not want to irritate her further, so I kept quiet. We were soon seated and I ordered another beer from our server. This time there was a full feather floating in my glass. A feather!!? The server sent the manager over who apologized about sending out 2 nasty $5 glasses of beer. He said he would comp our check. We ordered seafood platters of what can only be described as bagged pre breaded frozen less-than-fast food-quality crap. I would have preferred ANY fast food chain to this food. $20 a plate!?!? Bahaha! I will NEVER spend any money at a Red Lobster again! We had to go to the bar to ask for silver wear after our food came. Our waiter only checked on us ONCE. We complained yet again. It was ok. The manager was comping for the beer at least. *Ahem* He took $2 off of our bill. $2.
4	Service was great, menu looked new , food came out fast and fresh . Very good portions . Was good improvement since I visited years ago .
