5	I love this place.  I make a special trip to have my mani and pedi.  It is a clean shop, the staff are all very nice and their service is terrific.
2	the pedicure was nice, I will give them that... but lady must have wanted 2 close shop early that day as I told her I wanted a pedi & an acrylic manicure when I first walked in. (She asked another customer to come back the next day while I was getting pedi). Needless to say, I didn't get my acrylic set, and towards the end, I could tell she was 1/2 arsing it... and they were a lil pricey... I mean, really, $5 for taking off my nail polish? I would give this place 1 star, but they did do a good job on the pedicure. not returning here...
5	I live in a small town in New Mexico and come to Ahwatukee to visit family.  I wait to have my pedi at Foxy's because they are so good at what they do.  The staff is friendly, helpful and good at what they do.  I always leave there with happy toes!
5	This place rocks!My sister lives in Phoenix so anytime I go to visit her, we always get pedicures done at this place. My sister has been going here for years and won't 'cheat' on them with a different place. They do a really good job and they are cheaper then the average nail salon. It's extremely clean and the staff is always friendly. Fantastic!
5	This place is the only nail shop I will go to. I used to live in Ahwatukee and was referred to this nail salon and they always took great care of me. I get gel manicures and pedicures regularly. I then moved to Mesa. I didn't think it made sense to drive all the way to ahwatukee to get my nails done so I tried 3 different salons in the Mesa/Gilbert area. Every single place I went to would inevitably ruin my nails. They would use a drill to remove the gel from my natural nails! I was always very specific and would tell them to stop but they always dismissed me and kept drilling. I had finally had it and realized the only place I should be going is Foxy Nails! Yung, Tammy, and Michelle were so excited to see me come back, I was greeted with many hugs and they never made me feel bad for "cheating" on them, they were just happy to have me back. Yung does an OUTSTANDING job on my gel manicures and my nails are back to their strong and healthy state. Michelle or Tammy does my pedicure and they are not only very good at what they do but they also talk to me, remember details about my life, and I consider them to be friends as well. I have been going to nail shops for 22 years and this is the only shop I have felt this way about.
