2	Azure is Palazzo's "adult pool" for 21 and over guests. We checked this pool out twice but stayed for a total of no more than 15 minutes... The first day, my 31 year old cousin couldn't get in because she forgot her ID (yes, she looks young). The second day, we were disappointed to find out as we entered that there is a $50 minimum food and drink charge per pool chair (the same ones that are free at the "regular" Palazzo pool) and a $300 minimum charge for the big square lounging cushions that can fit a few people. The food (by Wolfgang Puck) and drinks aren't cheap but that is still a lot of itmes to purchase for one chair... There was a free area in the shade in the back corner of the Azure area...It was nice to have a dj that was not too insanely loud but the music was a little bit too techno for me. I preferred the music (and the scene in general) at Tao Beach. I might recommend Azure if you really want to get away from any children though and are probably in your late 20's or early 30's...
3	Now this review is a little biased because I don't know how I would actually feel to have to pay to get into Azure. Thanks to Alyssa once again, we were granted free entrance as well as a comped day bed with no minimum. Holla! It blew my mind to hear that not only there was a cover charge, but the day beds went for $300.00 - $400.00 with a minimum for drinks and food. Straight up robbin' suckas...Azure is in the cut. As you walk to the main pool entrance on the 3rd floor of The Palazzo, take a right and you'll find Azure way in the back. There was a gentleman working the front door, slapped on our wrist bands and guided us to our day bed which was located right at the steps of the second pool. When you first walk in there is the hot tub, a few day beds and cabanas to the right. A few steps down was the second pool. All of them were shallow by the way, maybe four feet max. Day beds surrounded the pool and the cabanas aligned the outskirts. I hardly went on to the third pool because they all looked the same. The pool was clean and refreshing. Our day bed was in the perfect spot - catching both sun and shade from the palm trees. The crowd was older which I was very happy about. I needed a day to relax, listen to good music, good food and drinks. I was hardly in the mood for douchey musclemen sloshing drinks all over the place. Our server was cool and gorgeous. Came to check on us from time to time. We ordered drinks and food from Wolgang Puck's restaurant. The menu was very limited in the food department. Because all of us hadn't eaten since before we left Vegas, we splurged on hangover food. 3 margherita pizzas, fried calamari and bruschetta. Absolutely exquisite and well worth the $200.00. I had Bellini's poolside all day...mmm. The BEST part of Azure was the DJ. DEAR LORD - the guy is a GOD! Yes, he is THAT good. Since I got there by 1 p.m. - I only got to experience a 5 hour music set but I was blown away. ALL of my favorites - Deadmau5, Robin S., Bob Sinclair, Fedde LaGrande, Modjo, etc. I could go on. I got his business card so he should be emailing songs. At a certain point, most of us were dancing poolside or in the pool and the party was crackin'. Met the funniest latin bachelor party ever - roudy, douchey and drunk as &%#! By the end of the set, he had all of us in the pool cheering for more! One of the best trips to date ;) Pool closes @ 6 p.m.
1	We were there for Memorial Day Weekend and decided since we dropped 2K on Tao Beach the day before we would take it easy and see what Azure was about since we were staying at the Palazzo anyway.That weekend they were asking $100 per chair  and normally there is a $50 minimum fee to get in anyway. So if you don't have money to spend keep walking! Anyway we decided to give it a try. Now let me tell we are not ones to not spend money if it's worth it but this place was just plain CRAP!The server had an attitude and came around once in a while. Then when she did she gave us water downed crappy drinks which were each $17-20 a pop.Then some guy was so drunk he kept falling and we literally had to tell security to do something about him and they never did. Next thing we know the guy is throwing up near the pool.There was only one lady picking up the glasses around the pool and she was doing it one glass at a time.The DJ was crap too and at times would completely stop playing as if he completely forgot he was the DJ!To make a long story short this place was HORRIBLE!! Walk a few feet futher and go to Tao Beach in the Venetian. Beautiful servers, awesome drinks and the best music at the poolside on the strip.Shame on you Azure we will NEVER be back...your LOSS!!
1	LOL, what a joke!  Comical really, walked in laughed, heard this awful house mix and walked out.  Small, cheese ball, expensive, and so not Vegas elite style.  Even the people from North Dakota thought it was LAME.
2	Not impressed.I had a group of 9 with me and we were just heading to the regular pool at the Venetian/Palazzo. As soon as we walked out onto the pool deck a pool promoter came up to us and gave us passes to Azure and asked how many of us there were. Then he asked how many girls/guys. I told him 7 girls, 2 guys and he said he would walk us in and try to get us a day bed. He walked us over and he was able to get us a door bed. As usual for 95% of the clubs/pool parties here the guys at the door were not very friendly. I ignored it because a few in my group were in Vegas for first time and I wanted them to have a good time. So 9 of us go in and get walked to this little box they call a day bed. This thing at the most can fit 4-5 small people if they are all bunched together. There are no other chairs around our day bed but we don't complain because everyone got right in the pool. Not much of an atmosphere there other than that is a LOT more laid back than douchey Tao Beach which is a plus.Drinks are waaaay expensive as expected. $21 for a beer and a vodka cranberry. They also have food service at the pool which is great but we had all just eaten lunch so we passed on that. I think there was a bachelor party in the section near us and they were pretty cool. The DJ was ok. Nothing special.The staff was hit or miss. Some were friendly and very nice, some were stuck up and mean.We would have been better off at the regular pool. The only good thing about all these pools is they are 21+ and you don't have to deal with screaming kids.
2	Not impressed.. Expected more from Azure seeing that it is in The Palazzo (my favorite hotel)
2	A promoter got our group into the Azure pool for the day. Free day bed/3 extra lounge chairs.  No doubt, we did have a lot of fun since there was like 12 us. The day beds fit like three people, we were mostly in the pool so no one cared. But if we were to pay for the day bed and those chairs - Seriously not worth the money!  The pool is extra tiny (like a small suare) $50 for one chair? Seriously? All just to listen to music and hang ot in a small pool?The Palazzo/Venetian already have I think 3 or 4 LARGE pools. They have plenty of chairs and there will always be an open chair. No need to waste your money to get into Azure, unless a promoter will let your goup in for free. Other than that, I loved both my stays at The Palazzo this year!
1	As we walked towards TAO beach, we were greeted by a promoter that encouraged us to check out Azure instead.  He offered a free daybed which sounded pretty appealing since most daybeds cost a couple hundred dollars at other pools.  We were heading to TAO Beach anyway, but figured it couldn't hurt to check out Azure on the way.As he escorted us towards the pool area, we were pretty much in shock.  The "pools" were so tiny and totally murky.  It really made me want to barf.  The guys were totally disgusting and slimy leering at every girl that walked by.  I didn't even want to go in the water. Our "daybed" was pathetic and could barely fit 2 people even though it was 3 of us.  It was dirty too.  :/  We decided that we'd have one drink and leave.  We waited and waited for a waitress to come around.  Finally, I just went up to the bar area and got us some blended margaritas.  By the time I got back with the drinks, the waitress finally came around.  The drinks were disgusting.  They were watery and barely icy at all.  Don't be fooled by these "promoters" that pump up Azure...do yourself a favor and walk on by.
3	Azure at Palazzo was pretty fun....we were given free passes to enter Azure and when we arrived, they gave us a free day bed to lounge on right next to the pool. We were promptly greeted by our waitress who took our drink and food order.PROS:-The day bed-the awesome drink selection..I mean come on....they had Sangria on the menu :)-friendly staff-Only had to pay for our drinks/foodCONS:-The DJ was terrible at first....but he played better music towards the end.-No shade....felt like a Thanksgiving turkey.-There were no cute guys :(If I had the chance to go again for free, I would probably go. It was a fun atmosphere..met a lot of cool people....and it was right downstairs :)
5	I hit this spot with a few of my buddies after a long hard night and couldn't have been happier.  The vibe was chill but still playful, the service was GREAT and the food delicious.No douche bags fist pumping, just some chill folks and plenty of cuties to distract you from your hangover.
2	i really wanted to like azure but it wasnt as great as i had anticipated. we did get in for free, which was a plus. we couldnt get towels, we asked for them several times, finally got it after 3 times. it wasnt even that crowded there but we couldnt get seats because they were all reserved. but we found some in the water. the pool is really tiny, its small compared to the one at wet republic. the water is also dirty  you see random things floating in it. like a bunch of twigs, branches and dead insects. its pretty gross. definitely not coming back here again.
2	10.16.10For the party girl in all of us.  Unce unce unce during the day time in your bikini.We stayed for maybe five minutes before our heads started pounding and had to head to the regular Palazzo pool.Getting old.
4	3.5 starsI can't decide how I feel about this place.  I can see why people wouldn't like it.  It's really small and there's no where to go besides the pool if you don't have a day bed or lounge chair.  You can't really lay your towel on the edge of the pool or anything. It's pretty chill, which I liked, but it also doesn't really feel like a pool party.  I liked that, but people who want a crazy party probably shouldn't come here. We got a free daybed so cheers to that.  We had a good time despite all these problems. Oh and the waitresses have cool monokinis?If I had to pay though, I probably would just go to the Palazzo pool because it wasn't that different.  The Palazzo pool is bigger and has free lounge chairs after all.
1	This is the biggest joke. We were in Venetian and someone gave us 2 "FREE passes" for Azure and so we thought that'd be nice to check it out. We went there and it's an enclosed area so we couldn't take a peek and they told us that we had to pay $10 instead of getting in for FREE. We did it anyway since it was very hot and we couldn't wait to dive into the pool. Literally, we walked in for 1 min and got out. The place was so tiny and PACKED with people, we just couldn't find a spot for us to squeeze ourselves in without having back rub with some random strangers. Not my cup of tea. And if you want to use their sun chairs, it's $150.
2	Was not impressed at all with this pool!  The staff had no interest in helping me or anyone around us. I tried flagging them down two times to order a drink and was blown off. I then got up and stopped one in her tracks just so I could get a margarita!  They also stopped serving food by 4pm.   Not at all pleased with this pool experience...
2	The first time I came here, I was with a group of 7 other girls. A promoter was impressed so he invited us to the pool (This is when Azure *just* opened). Luckily we get a day bed. Just 1 for 8 girls. Really? 2nd time we came here, there were only 4 of us. There were no beds available, or everything else was "reserved". We left after getting our free drinks, and sat at the Public pool instead. There were more beds available there without all the fuss!
1	Mannish lady came up to us, gave us wristbands and ushered us into the Azure pool. I'm so glad I was one of the few who went upstairs to decorate our friend's bachelorette suite while we left some of the girls to hang by the pool.The waitresses are not sexy or even cute, and the patrons are even more blinding. Whew, I'm enthralled I had to do bridesmaid duty that afternoon!
3	Three stars only because a hostess asked us to go in for free.I came to LV with a group of 9 people; we had around 10 or 11 people with us at this time when were were chillin out at the Palazzo pool.  Six of the girls were taking pictures and were approached and given a deal: girls are free, guys were $10.  They gave us the wristbands first and then had us pay... Why did I mention that?  Probably because since we had so many people, I could have easily walked in with another guy and they wouldn't have noticed me not paying.  But anyway:The cabana was cool.  Our waitress wasn't Wolfgang Puck-quality, but she did OK.  One of our guys wanted to take a picture of her cuz she had better abs than he did, haha.1. First thing we noticed was that we were the only Asians.  So you'll basically stand out as a sore thumb in Azure compared to the normal guest pool if you're Asian.2. Ordered a peach hookah.  The first set of coals went harsh really quickly, and the second one only lasted a little longer.  It wasn't too expensive when it was between like 7 people, but otherwise I don't think it would have been worth it.  But then again, you're in Vegas!  Why not?3. Ordered a mojito magarita.  This was pretty good, but very, very light.  However it was enough for each person to have one.  I think ordering their drinks was worth a minor addition to your buzz -- if you have one going already.4. The music was normal.  A little lighter than they'd be playing at a nightclub, with a "DJ" of some sort speaking into the mic and singing random lines in a higher-than-normal pitch.  Meh, it was a little weird but bearable.We stayed for a loonnnnggg time -- even after we paid, but they didn't ask us to leave.  We pretty much ended up staying until closing...  or until a random fight from a bunch of frat-looking guys across the pool did, anyway.Verdict: Would I come back again?  If it was free, definitely.  $10?  Maybe; depends.  I think the company was much more social at the main pool, honestly.
3	Scenario 1:Me and a friend (a guy) walk around the Palazzo pool and see Azure.  Inquire the cost of the day club out of curiosity....$20 even though we are staying at the hotel.Scenario 2:Afterward sent the 4 girls we were with to inquire about the price.  Magically it becomes free, including 2 day beds.**The currency in vegas is girls.  Nothing sexist, just a reflection on the inner workings of sin city.**Don't send men to do a woman's job.On to the beach club....Slightly bigger than Tao Beach which pales in comparison to the magnitude and grandeur of wet republic, rehab, EBC.  Pitchers are about $55 each but careful because after tip and a "service charge" it ends up being around $140 for two pitchers (we had strawberry daiquiri and something else).The People.....Old Old Old.  It was like going to a high school 10 year reunion where everyone tries to relive their glory days.  You have the typical joe schmo with spiked hair and moobs that appears to have once had a flattering figure but has long seen those days slip away.  It wouldn't have bothered me so much if the guys didn't hit a beach ball over to our bed every few minutes trying to get us to come over.Conclusion:Come here if you're on a budget because you may be able to get in for free....otherwise pass it up.
3	I came here for a bachelorette party. It was the second pool we hit after Tao Beach. No comparison. This party was dead - it could be that we went towards the last few hours. The pool is small and there wasn't too much action on a Friday. We got in for free and the crowd was not great. We jumped into the pool for a bit and the pool was dirty - some blond hair strands ended up on my leg and I saw some straws floating in the pool. Gross. I got out and wanted to take an immediate shower. Not unexpected. The DJ was spinning some cool beats and mixes. There were random people dancing in front of the DJ booth. The bed that we got was in a good spot for sunning. Overall, I would not return. Drinks were expensive, admission was free and we weren't even on the guestlist (not a good sign). One small pool in the main area, a private smaller pool in a blocked off area and lots of beds and chairs around the pool. Fairly clean.
4	We liked this pool a lot.  It is a nice calmer scene than Tao Beach, Wet Republic and Rehab.  There was a minimum bar purchase of $50 per chair, but we were okay with that.  The music was great and the vibe was all good.  I would definitely come back.
3	I'd give this place 2 stars based on my lackluster experience there this past Saturday but I couldn't honestly say "I've had better" when I've never been to a pool party before.We were staying at the Palazzo and while I was lounging out by the general pool, we heard loud music and me and my homegirl wanted to check it out.  We asked the guy handling the list and he said that since we're staying at the hotel, it was free for girls and $10 for guys.  My male companions had no desire to go so it was just the 2 of us girls.  Pretty lame if you ask me.  Drinks were expensive and it was raining off and on.  Music was OK.  At least the place was clean and not freakishly crowded.  Carmen Electra was advertised to make an appearance.  She finally got there around 3 and stayed for about 15 minutes, dancing in her corner cabana.  That was all.3 stars more so for the embarrassing stories I get to share with my friends about my experience there.  Can't share them with Yelp though because it involves a nip-slip and a bloody nose.Yelp 365 challenge #7
1	Just saw that they have another GROUPON for this pool. My friends and I all bought one last month. It was such a waste of money. We waited in a long line to get in. Once we got in there was no where to sit unless you paid for a lounge chair. Not only that but the all you can drink thing is a huge rip!! There is one little bar and they only allow one drink per person. So you get this tiny drink and then you finish it and then have to wait in line for at least 10 minutes to get another one. Also the staff were not friendly and actually extremely rude.  Since it is a GROUPON deal we were only a loud in one area. The pool was very small and it smelled like sewer. There was music, but for a pool party the music sucked. Overall, please don't waste your money!
1	I agree with Kathy W. ... just got back from Vegas and went to Azure. My friends bought a similar "groupon" thru Travel Zoo. I just noticed that it is currently featured in Groupon today. Bottom line is - DON'T BOTHER! You really don't have anywhere to sit (except the covered area with the street view) and you can't take it your drink out to the other pools. You might as well get drinks from the casino and use the free pool outside of Azure. Sure it's secluded, but really not worth your $$$. Again, I can't stress - DON'T BOTHER gettting the groupon.
1	There are so many pool party options in the area, that I can't recommend this one to anyone. There was nothing special about Azure at all.My friends and I aren't locals, but being from SoCal we're not exactly tourists either. We decided to go to Azure on a recent visit when we came across a Travel Zoo special online, that offered admission to the party and two hours of hosted bar (from 11AM to 1PM) for $20.Azure is a section of the hotel pool area. It's next to the main pool area, but set off to the side. Only people with paid admission can get into the Azure. Inside there are two small pools and a rotunda. Under the rotunda there are several chairs, a few coffee tables, and a few ottomans. The rotunda area is also small. The DJ plays from a stand above one of the pools, and there is no dance area.Main Points:- The Azure pools are TINY!- We went on a Sunday and the place was dead pretty dead.- Our visit was at the end of August. I can't say if this is the case year round, but most of the pool area of the Palazzo was in FULL SHADE of the hotel until about 12:00. If you're looking for sun, come late!- ALL lounge chairs of the Azure area were reserved during out visit. There was nowhere to sit near the pool if you didn't reserve a chair.- I'm not sure if was because we came in on a Travel Zoo special, but guests were not able to bring drinks to/from the regular pool area. They have a bar there too, so we didn't understand that policy. We were trying to leave to get to the free pool chairs.- Hosted bar only included well alcohol. We weren't even allowed drinks from the pina colada slurpee machine. Free drinks are pretty easy to come by in Vegas, so even $20 for a 2-hour hosted bar didn't seem worth it.
2	OK for $20 Groupon deal. Very limited free seating. $250 for loungechairs. $750 for ottomans. Why would why spend that if I have free drive ks for $20? Pool is super small + one jacuzzi. DJ was ok.
1	Forget the size of the pool. Don't even worry a out the cost of the drinks.Customer service here is some of the worst I've ever experienced.EXAMPLE:Me - "Excuse me miss, do you want to close your [thing that holds the cherries, lime, other fruit]? Those bees are all over the fruit."Girl working behind the bar - "Yeah, we have bees everywhere."Guy working with girl behind the bar - "As long as we don't get the bees in your drink right?"WRONG.  And now you have a bad review on Yelp.
4	I won't be here frequently (there are too many other pools to try and hit before they close in... what, November? lol), but I think they could use a little boost in the ratings. First of all, do NOT come here if you are looking for the following:1) Big pool party2) Lots of people watching3) Really awesome, famous DJs4) Celebrity spotting5) Sunbathing on the cheapThat said, DO come here if you're more into the following:1) A place away from all the kids2) A quieter over 21 pool3) Staying in the water most of the time4) Secluded spotsI came here with the Groupon on a Sunday. There wasn't much of a line to get in and there was only once a long line at the bar for the open bar drinks. Honestly, the open bar is fairly extensive; a lot of open bars in Vegas stick to specifically one type of alcohol or one drink all together. This was all well drinks. I've been to almost every pool party in town (I'm a local and it's free lol) so I've come to know what to expect. I think compared to Tao Beach, Azure makes a bit more sense. Both pools are TINY, so a quieter atmosphere just fits the size a little better. That and the water here is actually clear. Most of the over 21 pools don't have any free seating unless you go on a quieter weekday when it's free until they're full, and then they start bumping people. It's a bit more obvious here since the space is so much smaller. Overall, we had a really nice experience and the Groupon was definitely worth it.
1	Yelp really needs to provide the option of giving "zero" stars because that's what I'd give this god-forsaken, pathetic pool.  Mind you, I was at Wet Republic at MGM Grand the day before so this pool had A LOT to love up to.  I found a travelzoo deal for $20 (good for a value UP TO $60).  This pool is at the Palazzo, which is a horrendous hotel in itself.  We had a a box of cupcakes (whom my friend swears up and down is NOT really food) to take w/ us to the pool, but the check-in girl downstairs said that they didn't allow people to bring food to the pool, so we'd have to eat it now, leave it w/ her or leave it w/ someone AT THE POOL.  We were a little irritated but we didn't want to scarf the cupcakes down right then and there, so we decided to bring them w/ us and leave them w/ the attendant by the pool.  First of all, the weather was gloomy but ONLY at the Palazzo, so that should tell you something right then and there.  We stand in line and get our hands stamped after our IDs are looked at.  We get to the front of the line and we are informed that we cannot bring food to the pool.  My friend replied, "First of all.  They're cupcakes; it's not food.  But the lady downstairs told us we can leave them w/ you until we're done w/ the pool."  He told us that we couldn't leave our cupcakes with him.  When we told him that the lady downstairs who was checking in people for Azure said that we could, he replied, "Well she doesn't work here."  Well, actually, yes she does, you dumb f#ck.  Why else would she be standing there?  UNDER THE AZURE SIGN.  So we keep pressing him, saying that we were told we could leave the cupcakes up there.  He responds, "Whaddya want me to do?  There are 50 people behind you waiting."  So pissed and agitated, we got out of line, debating whether or not to go in since we've already had it up to here w/ Azure AND The Palazzo.  We decide to hurriedly eat our pretty, fanciful decorated cupcakes and head back.  And wouldn't you know, even w/ our hands stamped, we had to get in line and wait.  Again.  We approach Mr. Douche once again and he asked us how our cupcakes were.  WTF?!  F#ck you!  And just a side note:  he looks like his name would be Hanz.  Anyway, we finally get to Azure and it is totally.....NOT WORTH IT.  AT ALL.  First of all, in order to have a chair, you MUST reserve one.  This was never mentioned on our Travelzoo ticket.  And the pools?  Oh my God!  Teeny, tiny!!  These are not pools.  More like wading pools.  3 feet at the deepest.  Everyone was standing around because they couldn't sit anywhere.  This place is SUPER small.  SUPER SMALL!!!!!   I'm just mad that anyone would ever pay to go this piece of sh!t pool.  Horrible.  I can't believe how pretentious the workers were being!  Are you f#cking kidding me?!  You are NOT Tao Beach, you are NOT Wet Republic.  You're not even a day club, you phonies.  Never again.  People, do NOT come here.  You will be VERY disappointed.  We were telling people to turn back as we were leaving.  This pool (if you can even call it that) is such a joke.
5	Not the craziness of other huge pool parties! Just a bunch of adults wanting to chill and enjoy the water and sunshine! Had to ask the staff to talk to some folks about jumping in the pool and splashing other people! They took care of it VERY professionally! So what if Tao Beach is just around the corner! Azure is not for children!
1	This was the WORST experience I have ever had at a las vegas pool.  The staff was RUDE, the lines were entirely too long, and the drinks were the cheapest of cheap you could get.  To top that off, the pools were over crowded, there was no place to sit or ly in the sun, and I was refused a towel. Never going back to this place again.
1	I should have read the Yelp reviews first because coming here because they are pretty much spot-on. The only reason we came here was because some of us had the Groupons for it.The Azure pool party was the opposite of what you would describe as 'poppin'. The crowd was dead and the atmosphere just didn't have a party feel to it. The pool is also tiny.The open bar is misleading. They only include well drinks and they are the weakest and cheapest of drinks. Eventually the line got so long that getting a free drink wasn't worth it anymore.And what's up with the "Reserved" signs on all the empty lounge chairs. The whole time we were there, I didn't see anyone get in them. Because of this, there were hardly any places to sit down.Apologies fellow Yelpers, I shall not forget to Yelp these sort of places before going anymore. Lesson learnt.
1	What a scam! We bought the travelzoo voucher for $20 all you can drink. When we arrived we were really disappointed the way the pool area was set up, there wasn't any sun because Palazzo was blocking the sun! I mean who constructs a pool area behind a 30 story building? And this is where it gets really interesting, we got in the pool area all of the chairs had "reserved" signs on them, so we asked how much, $100 A CHAIR! and that was then followed up by, "you can sit on the side of the pool or lean up against the wall" are you kidding me? We went to get a drink, and when I say the alcohol was bottom shelf, I'm being kind. The pool employees all had attitudes and were very rude. This place is a joke.
1	Besides the fact that this pool is part of The Palazzo, there isn't much else to get excited about.  My friends and I purchased a pass to access Azure "Luxury" Pool at The Palazzo (included free drinks) through Travelzoo.  Honestly, I was more excited about the pool I walked past to get to Azure.  It was a lot quieter and there were a lot more pools and chairs to lay out there than at Azure. First of all, the employees are NOT NICE AT ALL.  A female employee practically barked at us as we were walking through the hotel to get to the elevators to lead us to the Azure pool and hurriedly stamped our wrists and threw some passes at us and told us to give it to the people when we got to the Azure check in.  During "check-in" the guy checked our IDs and did a bag check and told us we couldn't bring in our water bottles. (Why don't they post a sign up for people to know ahead of time?)  Then one of the workers wanted to check my chapstick because apparently people hollow out their chapsticks and put drugs in them nowadays.  So if you decide to check out this place...don't bring anything.  Once we got inside, there were a few small small small pools and all of the chairs were "Reserved" for who knows who.  They probably did that to make their event seem super important or something because no one was sitting in them. The bartenders were probably the only somewhat friendly people we encountered at Azure.  So overall, just go to enjoy the pool at the Palazzo....there is NO NEED to pay any money to see what's going on at Azure...because there is nothing going on.
4	Wow, I'm pretty shocked by all the bad reviews (although most seem to be tied to some GroupOn deal), but I had a blast here. Sure, despite the marketers calling it a "luxury pool," Azure is not nearly as lavish as Encore Beach Club or Marquee Dayclub, nor is it as wild as Wet Republic or Rehab, but as the saying goes, it is what it is, and you really do get what you pay for.As a matter of fact, the only reason why we ended up here was because we got bumped by the shady promoter at the Marquee Dayclub for a higher bidder, despite the fact that we had reserved a daybed for our group weeks in advance. This turned out to be a blessing in disguise, as we ultimately scored a far better deal, and since we were already staying at the Palazzo, it was much more convenient to boot.Just how much better of a deal? Well, the reservation we had at the Marquee was actually the same price... $500 minimum (more on this in a minute), but what exactly does that get you? One lovely single DAYBED. Yes, you know those dinky little cushions on the edge of the pool, in the direct path of the burning sun, with room for maybe four people max?At Azure? That same $500 landed us a covered CABANA complete with complimentary water, Red Bull, refrigerator, two couches, coffee table, four lounge chairs, a TV, and our very own cocktail waitress! Something similar at the Marquee or EBC would have easily run $1,500+ if not more! And who knows, they might not have honored a reservation for that either!So, before I move on, let me explain how it all works. Technically, when you book a daybed or cabana, there isn't really a set price for each patron, but rather a "minimum" that you have to meet with drink and food orders. I'm pretty sure there is a cap on the number of people, but it's typically within reason, and for us, they said that we could bring in as many guests as we wanted. So, if you have a group of 15 to 20 or so who will all be ordering lunch in addition to beverages, it's a cinch to accumulate the $500 total without each person having to break the bank.As far as the atmosphere goes, the pools at Azure surely aren't the largest, and the vibe is a little bit lacking when compared to the aforementioned venues, but unless you are willing to shell out upwards of three times the amount of fetty out of your pockets, I'd say that what Azure has to offer is plenty good. It isn't necessarily super crazy or poppin', but that's the way I like it. I much prefer the more laid back environs as opposed to the insane, all out chaos found elsewhere. The music provided by the resident DJ on this particular afternoon was basically your standard. Nothing spectacular, but nothing regrettable ala XS (http://www.yelp.com/biz/xs-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:U50oRRNwZ7qzupGqQ2FlAA) either.In terms of the crowd, there is just about enough scenery to satisfy most boys and girls, yet not to the point of sensory overload. For the ladies, there is a plethora of yoked out guido juiceheads to keep your eyes occupied, and for the gents, the cocktail waitresses are simply sizzlin' hot (especially Jessica). What I like best is that they are not as plastic and made up as many of the other waitresses in Vegas.The only downer of the day was that since I placed my lunch order for a turkey burger kind of late, somehow it got screwed it up, and by the time we figured it out, the kitchen was already closed (all food comes from the Wolfgang Puck's next door). However, all was not lost, as Jessica felt bad, and was more than accommodating. She made up for it by hooking me up with two additional fruit platters. Just  to have the opportunity to talk to her up close and personal, and to see her smile and apologize was well worth the price of admission alone!Besides, as fate would have it, this all worked out for the better. It eventually made for much better photo opportunities, seeing that I didn't have any of the bloat in my lower abdomen that eating a large lunch would have created! When at the pool parties, it's all about looking in tip top shape, and adding any excess fat is definitely a no-no!Also, some reviewers have mentioned the iron fist security checking bags and whatnot, but no one in our group got frisked or badgered a single time. As a matter of fact, although technically, we are not supposed to bring in outside drinks, on more than one occasion, I was carrying a water bottle in plain view, and was never hassled about it.So, in closing, if you have a decent sized group, and are seeking a relaxing pool party in Vegas, give Azure a thought. The other overhyped places know that the sheep will flock to them en masse regardless, so they can charge whatever exorbitant prices they want, all the while bumping out people with reservations for the highest bidder. I know this is commonplace in Vegas, but it doesn't make it right or any less frustrating when trying to plan a party. If you don't want to gamble with that, Azure is worth throwing your chips into.
1	This place is LAME!!! So incredibly lame. I didn't expect much at all, we stayed at the Palazzo so it was downstairs why not go and it was free for us ladies. It was a Saturday afternoon, no one was in here. The pool was sooo small it looked like a baby pool. Then the people that were in there were 50+ year old women *cougar alert* with fake tits & bad tans desperately trying to be young again. I seriously thought we walked into a botox party. Then the guys that were in there I felt bad for them because they paid to get in and there was nothing/no one in there unless you are into cougar town then stay away from this place. I didn't even like the atmosphere or layout of the place regardless of who was or wasn't in there.
1	The $20 "deal" for 2 hours of open bar and entry into the pool was a total scam.  Long line at one drink stand with 1 bartender, plus $50 to get a chair (which should be standard and free), and the music is terrible and too loud.  Staff was not friendly...borderline rude.  Whatever, save your time and money.
3	So, I'm going to preface this review by saying that how much you enjoy this pool club depends on what experience you're looking for. There are 3 experiences that one could possibly be basing their review on, outlined below.1 - Party Central Hood Rat TimeThis type of party is typically really loud, really drunk, and really Jersey Shore. Of course, it's probably going to be more fun and hilarious...but do you really need to see girls in FULL makeup and 5 inch heels teetering dangerously near the pool's edge? IMO, if you're into this scene, you'd probably hit up Wet Republic or Rehab (Estimated Standard Cabana pricing 1500-2000).2 - Fancy Schmancy Trust Fund Baby TimePapa's making it rain at these beach clubs ala Marquee and Encore Beach Dayclubs - unless of course, you know someone. With the going rate for a "lilypad" aka tiny little leaf, sitting pretty will cost you at least $1000, and drinks from $10-$15. You should be ready to spend, spend, spend. Not saying that these clubs probably aren't fantastic, but they might not really be good for people who are on a budget and want a cabana (Estimated Standard Cabana pricing 1500-2000+).3 - Chilling + Recovery + Slightly Geriatric TimeYeah, I said geriatric. And what of it!? You got a problem with old people? This is probably the environment that some people might want after a full night of partying. The music is loud enough but there aren't too many people and the prices are lower than at option 1 and 2. Unfortunately, there are a lot of much older "mougars" (man-cougars?) with frosty white chest hair on the prowl for ladies - but don't they normally surface at option 1 and 2 too? OMGWTFBBQ! (Estimated Standard Cabana pricing 500-1000?)After all that gibberish, what I REALLY wanted to say is Azure is like #3. I had a good time, but that's because I wanted to just relax and hangout with my friends to chat. The cabana was nice and came with red bulls and some water, two fruit plates, had a safe for us to put our valuables, and included some beach chairs. It was an easygoing vibe with music that we could chill out to all day. That said, we could have also done that at the FREE pool, but it is kinda fun to have a bikini clad waitress be at your beck and call. :) And really, $500 minimum spend for 25 people is not bad at all. Also, there were free drinks for the ladies until 3 pm!? Not unheard of, but it sure beat paying for my drinks! The pitchers are $60~, strong, and have about 5 drinks per pitcher, so really it wasn't that expensive. 3 stars from me because it served my purpose and I got 5+ free drinks! All in all a good time. Got me relaxed, rested, and ready for the debauchery to ensue later that night!
3	This place is nice if you want to chill out with your friends, enjoy the sun and pools and drink a few drinks!My visit was on a Sunday, it was a Bachelorette party weekend so we had been partying all weekend, there were 12 of us. We had a cabana it came with the usual stuff everyone else has mentioned, a fruit platter, some complimentary water and red bulls and a 500 minimum to spend.  It also had a big tv which was perfect to watch the Laker vs Oklahoma City game GO LAKERS!! We laid out, swam, watched the game and relaxed. It was a great time.  We ordered some pizzas, tacos, club sandwiches and a few other things everything we had was good. We also ordered a bucket drink which came with straws for everyone to drink out of, it had 3/4s bottle of liquor in it - it was very refreshing and had us all feeling good! Note: you can ask for cups to use for individual drinks instead of drinking from the straws which is what we did. The only thing I would warn folks about is that when you sit down in the cabana they automatically authorize your card for 500 bucks. Then when they close out your tab they charge the 500 on your card, so basically this can be an inconvenience for some because the authorization for the 500  does not usually fall off your account till the next business day or more. I am not sure if this is the usual way it is done or if our waitress just did the authorization/charge wrong. But anyways, just an FYI! :)
2	Was in Vegas this weekend with just the GF for some quality time.  Started off Saturday morning right where we left off Friday night, her shopping and me scrounging around the stores to find a place to sit and trying to find something interesting to play with on the droid.  After what seemed like days, she was finally done,  We decided to hit the pools.  We figured it best to bypass the wild Tao Beach/Wet Republic/Rehab day pool parties in favor for something more mellow with a bit more class and service.  Plus, guess who wanted to do some more shopping after?  Azure seemed to be the call.  We walked up to the front entrance and were told that all seats were sold out, but we could do a day bed for what I recall was $750.  I told the gentlemen at the door that I don't think we can order $750 of alcohol and food in 2 hours and finish it.  He then said, well, for $20, you can go inside and hang out, women are free.  I paid the $20, and we walked in.  Sure enough, the place was mellow.  There was a smaller jacuzzi style pool on the top level and as you walked further in, there were 2 larger pools inside.  The vibe was mellow, but the music was very good with even a live performer playing the saxophone in sync with the mash up mixes.  Well, sure enough, there was no place to sit.  So, I asked one of the people in charge again if there were any seats left or cancellations.  I saw lots of empty seats that said reserved and things were getting late being around 2:30 PM.  Azure closes at 6 from what I recall.  So, a representative told me $100 for each chair or $200 total for the two of us.  I told them that was too much and declined.  Suddenly, the price dropped to $50 each.  Odd?  Well, we took the bait and enjoyed a few hours of fun.  The quality of food was good albeit pricey.  4 drinks and 3 dishes later, we had hit the $100 dollar requirement.  Tax and tip finished us up for about $140.  We tried all the pools inside, and I must say that the furthest pool in was FREEZING and no one was in it.  The middle pool was about the right temperature, and our small jacuzzi pool was on the warmer side.  I think that Azure is good for those who really dont enjoy large crowds and like a bit of privacy.  I feel sorry for groups of guys I saw hanging out in the cabanas.  Lots of bromance going on there.  In Summary:Pros - Good food and service.  Music was excellent and private VIP environmentCons - Some hustling with the chair prices.  Food and drinks pricey.  Pools need temperature help.  Bromance situation and lack of much eye candy.
5	**Azure Pool**///PROS///- Larger than expected (2-pools, albeit small--and 1-jacuzzi)- Fantastic DJ--electronica w/ only a lil' top 40- The live sax guy was off the hook. Such a fantastic and fun touch--loved it!- Stylish/fun people watching--yes--it was super-fun- Celeb sighting--yes (Gilles Marini cabana behind us)--although not sure why that matters. He was probably paid--showed up for about an hour with his entourage (and waitresses with flags walking him to the cabana, had minimal cocktails (by how much the waitresses lugged out of there post) but was there. ;-)- Waitresses--sexy but tasteful and very pleasant, attentive and friendly- Great cocktails. If you like bitter/flavorful--Scent (frozen, served in a champagne glass) is very tasty--especially at 106 degrees- Chairs will cost you (100/per)--but if you like to drink/eat/relax by a pool or ocean (like my husband and I) it's not hard to hit those numbers. And no different than if you are vacationing in the South of France or Kauai. We had a relatively good spot (although my husband was jammed up against a planter--which worked out great as a place to put drinks)- Dancers also made an appearance albeit more sophisticated in dress (white bikinis or monkini) with a sheer white hip tie. Sadly though not the best dancers while ogling the party going on around them. ///CONS///- Door guys--um, not very nice/friendly when you don't have a reservation (EVEN IF YOU ARE A HOTEL GUEST)- Relatively NO umbrellas--and thus, none were available for us to rent by noon. If you are fair like me w/ freckles (do not let my fantastic spray tan fool you)--this is a HUGE challenge. The hostess did keep checking in w/ the promise if one became available we could rent it--but this didn't happen until 4pm (and Azure was closing early at 5pm for an event at another pool). Both  the hostess--nor the door guys seemed to understand that fair folks cannot sit sans umbrella or clothes for hours even if they reapply 45 all day (which yes I do). Are they aware of skin cancer (probably not--as they thought I was concerned with the heat not a sunburn). With 3+ friends now battling skin cancer this is top of mind for me--I look way younger than 41 bc I have never been able to sun it all day (I do not tan w/out a spray). I was lucky enough to be sitting next to a couple that had secured an umbrella--so I did have a little shade from them. And I asked for a 3rd towel to cover my legs/hips (so fun in 106 degrees). This is WHY we like to travel to Kauai/Europe as renting/securing chairs w/ umbrellas makes it a safer thing for me. - No bar tables--so you'll be balancing a water bottle, water glass w/ ice, a cocktail glass, possibly a cocktail pitcher--food and anything you brought on your chair. Not the sexiest thing. ///IF YOU GO...///- Secure chairs (and umbrella, especially if fair) BEFORE you go- Ask the concierge when booking if Azure is closing early--bc you lose an hour of partying due to some other event happening at the pool next to you- Get a pitcher (equal to 4 drinks) for $65 (good value)--and they can accommodate non frozen cocktails (yours or the menu). Try: Grey Goose Orange, St. Germain and Grapefruit--refreshing (on the bitter side) and not sweet (equals less of a hang-over)- It does get a little more "party" like later in the afternoon--cocktails are flownin', music gets turned up and there are tons of people--so securing your space important- This is not a pool to swim--you can stand, throw a beach ball, and chat while having drinks--it reminds me of animals wallowing in a mud pool on a hot day--but really it's all you need. When you can't take the heat walking in, splashing some water on you and such will cool you down for a bit. And no I don't think the color of the pool is a reflection of folks not using restrooms--I think it's SPF lotion/sprays and of course the spray tan.///NO COMMENT///- The girl vomiting in the bathroom. Just like everywhere you will see these little group of girls with pink sparkly tiarra's partying about something (29+2, bachelorette, graduation, whatever...)--and well they have not learned how to drink all day, in the sun with enough water and food to not let this happen. ///WOULD WE GO TO AZURE POOL AGAIN?///- Definitely, but kind of unlikely as we don't plan to stay at The Palazzo again***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***+ The Palazzo+ Lavo+ Lavo the Club+ Azure Pool+ Tao Club+ Sushi Samba
4	Expecting a balls-out rager full of debauchery, wall-to-wall people and nonstop dancing? Not the place (see my review of Tao Beach for that one). Low-key (relatively speaking), more "mature" crowd (also relatively speaking), room to move around and a music level that allows for conversation? Azure it is.Ended up getting down to the pool area about 2ish this past Friday and was just going to hang out at the biggest one, then saw the signs for Azure. We three gals figured that we could just see about getting in for free and ended up with a comped daybed and free drinks.. not a bad way to begin a Vegas weekend (helps when you roll with the beautiful girls I was with!). Our server was GORGEOUS and super-sweet... we lucked out on that one. Drinks were well-made and fast in arriving. The crowd, as I said, was a bit older for the most part (saw a lot of mid-30's, even some in their later 40's-50's) but they seemed to still have that Vegas party spirit. Random, but we saw Derek Hough (DWTS) in a group playing some type of game with the several inflatable beach balls they had floating in the pool.Azure is best when you're trying to ease into your Sin City weekend, and for that (and the extra perks we were promised and received), I say four stars for you.
4	Service was good, and the music was great.The pool's not much to scream about. By the middle of the afternoon it was pretty packed, so a little more space would have been nice.Definitely not a bad place to spend the afternoon. Their food menu is decent, but left me somewhat unfulfilled. The food itself was alright, but if you're gonna be out in the sun and with a few drinks, I would have liked something more substantial. I suppose the fruit platter was the most satisfying of the food we had.All in all a good experience, however unless you're craving a certain atmosphere, there's a not a whole lot of difference, in my opinion, between Azure and the multiple pool areas outside. To each his/her own.
2	Hip place for a younger, scantily clad group to hang in the sun. Totally a place to be seen.  Good but expensive service. Cabanas generally run $500+ or you can rent a lounger. Funny to see 5 to 6 people sharing one lounger. Economies of scale I guess. High-traffic weekends bump the cost of a cabana to nearly 3 times as much. Swell cabanas though. Air-conditioned and nice accommodations. Typical club beach fab music that will leave you deaf and hoarse from screaming to converse with your fellow sun seekers.
3	went very early in the summer season so i'm not sure if that's the reason it wasn't so busy or just the fact that its a very interesting senario.  the pool is kind of small, as is the whole venue compared to the general size of pool clubs here in vegas.  The beauty of this was that it seems to cater to the population that would stay at the Venetian/Palazzo properties.  A slightly older crowd than  you would find at say Encore beach club or marquee dayclub, but very relaxing minus the dj spinning music.  Just seemed to be a bit of a contradiction here.  Couldn't really relax but the music was good so i was torn.  The location however is nice, and clean.  The staff were very friendly, so no complaints in that department.  I don't know if i would necessarily go back though.
5	This is the place to be to see and be seen.  The furniture is plush and clean and the common area is just beautiful.  The drinks are $20 a piece though, so be prepared for the shock of your drinks, especially if you're buying rounds or bottles for your group.  I recommend just charging them to your room, so you get points by the time you check out.
3	Azure is a chill, hip pool area on the Palazzo hotel grounds for people ages 21+. My girlfriend was offered an 'invite' by one of the Azure workers as she was about to go to one of the Palazzo's family friendly pools. We made a detour and met up with her at Azure. For two twenty/early thirty something couples without children who want to enjoy upbeat tunes and sunshine, and have poolside food and drinks sans screaming kids and overcrowded pools, Azure was a good option for us. We were seated at the lounge chairs where there is a food and/or drink minimum of $50.00/person, which is relatively easy to attain on The Strip.
2	There is a beautiful rotunda where you can casually have a cocktail and overlook the strip on couches.  However, there is a mandatory service charge for food/drink and the service was non-existant.  Thanks for bringing my lunch with no napkins and then taking 20 minutes to come back.  Like most pool parties, if you are not a big-spender they ignore you.
2	My friends and I decided to go to Vegas on one of the hottest weekends of the summer.  We had grand plans to party at Wet Republic during the day, but were defeated by the prospect of traveling to another hotel just to be hot against a different background.  We settled on hitting the pool at the Palazzo, where we were staying.  We decided to check out Azure while we were there, in case we wanted a bit more party with our pool time.We would've been mad if we'd paid money to get in.  Since we were a group of girls, we got in free, and we were able to scope the place out without paying cover.  What we found was a smaller version of the normal hotel pool, with loud music and more people.  There was no atmosphere - the Palazzo pool is one of the more standard Vegas pools anyway, and the Azure version was maybe even blander.  It was, in other words, worse than the free hotel pool in every possible way.We ended up spending the afternoon in the Palazzo pool, and the few scattered children didn't bother us at all.  It was a relaxing day, and not too hot despite the rather intense temperatures.  If you're curious about Azure, I'd say check it out if you don't have to pay.  If you have to give up a dime, don't even bother.
4	Our bachelorette group of four came to Azure on both Friday and Saturday afternoon. Both times we had a good DJ who kept the beats hot and I had wayyyyy much more fun here then I did trying to find the one leaf of shade at Daylight.Azure is the adult pool of the Palazzo just in case you weren't sure. And when I say adult I mean there are no children allowed and you better have a way in 'cause you don't just walk up uninvited for the most part. Yes it's a smaller pool but I did not care. We were able to get wristbands for Friday and Saturday which made it a perfect option for our base hotel. Saturday we were actually offered a "daybed" aka a couch next to the high profile cabanas to sit on with NO minimum. Praise jeebus! Our waitress was very sweet and attentive and checked in on us quite frequently. We then spent the rest of the afternoon drinking pitchers of Strawberry Ice and partying with hot Olympians in the pool.Oh and I met Ryan Lochte who was partying in the cabana next to us and spraying everyone in the pool with bottles and bottles of champagne... It was quite the sexy water mosh pit. By the way Ryan's an Olympic swimmer from the winning US team (GO USA!!!!!!!!!!!) with rock hard muscles and amazing blue eyes. Yummmmmmmmmmmm. I have a picture of us that I shall treasure always...My one gripe- $18 dranks but what do you expect in Vegas?Needless to say the ladies and I had a blast at this pool. If you are staying at the Palazzo it's definitely worth checking out!
2	Meh... at best!We were staying at the Palazzo and when I found out about Azure, I definitely wanted to check it out.  I mean going to a "Day Club"/Pool Party is part of the Vegas experience, right?It was Saturday and the weather was so/so... it was pretty overcast and looked like it may rain.  We weren't charged a cover, but the guy at the front said that if we wanted a chair, there was a drink minimum of $100 per chair.  He let us in free to check it out.I guess because of the weather, there were maybe only 10-20 people inside the pool area.  The music was good, but very loud.  The "bar" (the only one I saw) was a little kiosk stand.I didn't get it.  Am I missing something?We ended up leaving and hanging out at the pool just outside of the roped-off area.  We heard the same music and there were more people at that pool (probably having the same idea as my husband and I).  We ended up with just a $40 bar tab rather than the $200 it would have been for the two of us.I guess most people must not be getting a chair a person, but just hang out in the pool?  I don't know... again, I just didn't get it.
3	If you're looking for relaxation and more excitement than your regular hotel pool, Azure Pool at the Palazzo is the pool you've been looking for.  Here you can get a massage, dine on Wolfgang Puck designed cuisine or  have frozen grapes pool side.  The grape feeding was the highlight of my last trip to Azure.  We ordered it as a joke for the bachelor and actually got a lot of great pics and had some laughs! The real draw of Azure is relaxation, this venue is very peaceful, not like some of the other Jersey Shore-Fist Pumping pool parties. You can't find a better place to kick back and relax with ice cold drinks, day beds, cabanas and they even have a saxophone player who is really talented that performs on the weekends.
5	Lime service is on point, but vodka OJ's have to be approved by management. Rules are rules though...
5	I LOVE Azure! This is the only pool I can tolerate being a Vegas local. It is classy with a great vibe. The staff is always friendly and great at customer service. Last time I went there was a very handsome English guy working the door. I hope he calls me.
5	Azure day club really nice and fancy place.  located at the Palazzo hotel. if you are looking for a place to have fun and feel like you are a royal person - thats the place you wanna  go. i celebrate my BD there. cabanas super cool. it has everything even more - like xbox...so if you dont wanna stay on the sun, you can hang out inside your cabana with A/C and play some games or watch tv (especially when you are a big fan of some sports game) service is amazing... you dont need to stress out and look for your server...anyone from staff  can help and make sure you have a great time... they become your friends by the end of the day!
5	Love this place.  Small pool and just one bar in the back but the venue itself, DJs and service all tops.  Like everything in Vegas you get what you pay for.  I recommend Cabana 132.  Cabanas can accommodate 15 and comes with a safe, tv, AC, X-box also you can get massages
5	Every time I am in Vegas, this is the pool I go to. There is no place like it. It is always a good time. Service is impeccable, the VIP host is the best in the industry and knows her customers and their needs. So if you are looking for a pool where you get pampered and treated like a king, look no place else but here.
5	I have frequented Las Vegas many times as a getaway spot to get away from reality (ha!) and enjoy good food, great company, chill atmospheres (or not so much), fantastic cocktails, and ridiculous people watching.Having said that, I've been to day clubs all over the strip. Azure has been around for a couple years now at least and truth be told- it is one of my favorites. It is a classier day club. Clientele varies greatly - anywhere from a 24 yr old bachelor party to a bunch of 40 yr olds from a hockey club getting away on a yearly retreat. People watching can be awesome because there is such a varied clientele.The prices are really fair compared to other like pools in like hotels on the strip. I've gotten both cabanas and daybeds here, and you have to meet a minimum which is completely normal but very manageable. There are two pools- if you want more quiet go to the back- if you want more party go to the main one.The food service is pretty quick and not to mention it's solid and predictable. Get the hummus, it is SOLID.  It sounds so simple but the pita is awesome.The waitresses are all adorable, gorgeous, NOT intimidating, and very friendly-  not obnoxious at all- and 99% of the time they are extremely attentive. Olga helped us out last time and she made great recommendations. We had gone the day before and the waitress from the previous day brought us bellini as a welcome back gift- super classy and appreciated. The VIP Hosts are super helpful and definitely make certain you're having a great time- each time you go. Sure it's their job, but they go above and beyond compared to other clubs I won't mention. Sherri and Jay are awesome and I always love seeing their smiling faces.In a nutshell, I say- go there, drink a ton, eat a little, and go back for more.
1	If you are looking for a bunch of adults in a kiddie pool, Azure is the place to be. It felt very claustrophobic to be in the pool. Also, they only had one miniature bar the corner of the pool area. Ladies were free while the guys were $10. Honestly, there are so many better pool parities in Vegas.  Drinks were outrageously expensive even more expensive than Marquee. We witnessed a waitress get into a verbal altercation  with some patrons of this pool party. I was disappointed with the employees handled the situation. The waitress actually became irate to the customer who then complained to another employee. This employee then got angry with the patrons who then subsequently complained to the manager who also huffed and puffed. It was just pathetic how these employees at Azure handled the situation. Avoid coming here. Not worth the bad attitude.
4	Just got back from Vegas, spent two days at Azure, also spent some time here last summer.  This trip... first day was awesome, music was soooo good, I think the dj was named Roman. We went in knowing we had to spend a minimum to have a reserved area, I think it was $500 for an L-couch, great spot right behind the pool. The crowd here is usually less rowdy than Tao Beach and Wynn/Encore Pools, and that's why I like it so much. Music is usually perfect too!Since we had such a good time the first day here we decided to go back a second day... the host was awesome and let us have a couch right next to the pool, I don't think he put us on a minimum, I was in a group of six girls though, could have been why.  Also I think the side couches maybe were at a $250 minimum which is really easy to hit with six people. Music the second day was kinda spotty, not sure what the dj was playing, a mix of music that didn't really have a flow, maybe he was taking bad requests... not sure what was up with him, dj Roman was definitely better!Third day we decided to go to Encore pool party, huge party, super crowded, music was good, crowd was younger- 21 year olds mostly, areas were at higher minimums. For the money and if the dj is decent I'd say Azure is the place to be!.... especially good for a little bit of an older crowd, great for the 30 somethings! ;)
4	This a pretty cool experience.Yes, the pool is fairly small, but the overall experience was just great.We never felt our server was ignoring us . . .  We always had food and plenty of drinks. We rented two if the lounge chairs, which meant we needed to spend at least $100 in food and beverage sales for each chair. No problem as we surpassed $700.If you want shade, they will bring you a patio umbrella.  The downside? It costs an additional $100.  The upside? You can move it however you want as the sun moves, and tell the high-maintenance chick two seats over to go buy her own shade when she bitches at you for moving the umbrella. :-)The DJ was rocking' too. Great music and rhythm from opening until closing. There was even a solo saxophone player too.The cabanas looked really cool too, but you need a group of at least 8 people to make it cost effective.  Also, avoid the day beds right next to the pool.  They're not really set up for lounging, and the pool party is right on top of you. It would be like taking your living room sofa and placing it within one foot of the pool's edge.Make sure your drinks are made well too.  Seemed like our pitchers of mohitos were a little on the weak side. We had to ask for a "good pour" when we ordered our last two pitchers. Then they started tasting right.  Don't use the word "double," because they will charge you extra.There was a good mix of people there too. All different age groups, mostly late 20s to early 30s but a fair amount of my people (early 40s).  Go and enjoy.
5	I was at Azure last weekend on a Saturday.I contacted my Host Kevin Rega a month Prior, and he set up a great cabana for me my group.DJ Jump played a wide verity of music with great energy the whole time.I highly recommend contacting Kevin Rega, he took care of our whole weekend and was very professional AZURE WAS THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY TRIP
5	Huge fan of this place. Have been there three times this summer and I hope to sneak in another trip before pool season ends. This place is the perfect mix of hip, chill, and the fun vegas vibe. The music is always right on and the food is great (fish tacos..highly recommend). Doesn't matter if you get a cabana, a daybed, or lounge chairs, you'll be right in the heart of the action. This isn't a crazy mega day pool where the staff is rude and you are just a number. They value your business, which is rare with day pools in Vegas these days. Sherri and Holly at the front door bent over backwards to make sure me and my friends were taken care of. I'll keep going back to Azure..
1	Stayed at the Palazzo which is 5 star, I cannot believe this so called adult pool is apart of the hotel. Very rude high school adolescent treated us like we were teens asking for our id, we are 50!!  Would not recommend for anyone that doesn't want a teen scene. Very disappointed!! Tattoo girl yelling obscenities and she is an employee.
5	This is a perfect spot if you want to relax and get away from all the craziness that Vegas can overwhelm you with. This is more of an upscale environment with a boutique/spa feel. I came here with a group of girlfriends we were immediately greeted with warm smiles and great service. This is a secret hidden oasis I will definitely come back with all of my friends.
5	First off, being a local I don't make it a habit to frequent the strip. Occasionally I do like to go to a pool. Azure is definitely one of my favorites!The drinks are strong, the day beds are nicely placed around the main pool, and there are a multiple pools. My favorite is the pool with the waterfall :) its secluded and more private than the main pool.I like the music BC it's not just one genre. All in all, a great place to have fun in the sun!
3	If you're looking for something a more relaxing and less crazy than EBC, then this pool is for you. 3 other guys and I got in for free, and when I came in, I could understand why it was free. It wasn't as packed as other dayclubs, and it was a lot more mellow. The DJ was playing pretty good music, and the drinks were pretty strong.The pool itself is pretty small, fitting about 40-50 people max. There were plenty of seating areas and cabanas, but a lot of them were empty at the time. Overall, its a pretty good place to go for free. Would I pay to check this place out? Probably not.
