4	Bought my vehicle here last summer and was very pleased with the entire process.  Everyone went overboard to get me that exact vehicle I wanted. Since then I've gotten my oil changed here (free oil changes for 2 years was part of the deal) and the service continues to be excellent.
1	Things got worse after we checked in There were 2 service people standing with nothing to do but they said we had to see Joe. Well Joe was on a lengthy phone conversation so we waited 20 mins. for him to check us in. Made no sense to make an appt. There is absolutely no reason to do things this way. All I can think is these guys are on commission.:'( When I made the appt. I told them I would have to wait and gave them all of our information. Joe made us go over it all again. Name, phone #, address,  email address. He also asked if we could leave the car over the weekend. Frustrating to say the least. Can only imagine how long this is going to take. Just bad customer service. Won't go back.
1	I will NEVER go to this dealership again. They will try to rip you off harder than most dealerships. My salesman wasn't bad for my Ford Fusion 2011, although they gave me the typical car spiehl. They will come at you with a super high price, and then knock it down, and then bring the manager out, and then say it's a final offer. Then, when you push harder, they will knock a few more hundred dollars off.Of course, that's all typical car sales stuff. Where I had an issue was with the warranty guy, Bastian. He was SO pushy, and actually was verbally abusive and insulting. I knew I should have walked out on the deal right there, but I really needed a car, and so I made a rushed and poor decision. He ended up selling me on a $3,700 warranty package. Of course, that was a huge mistake, but I was at least smart enough to realize that there was a 30 day cancellation policy where you can get a full refund. So the next day, I tried to do that....First, I found out that Bastian had written $700 dollars into my car price, not my warranty price, so I wasn't able to get that refunded. Then, the guy I met with to refund the money didn't submit it right. He told me I had to wait 6 weeks. Well, after the waiting period, still no money (and no warranty). I went back in several times, and each time they assured me it was submitted. Finally, I talked to the head finance manager, who said it was improperly submitted. He finally got my money back in two weeks, but then tried to take a prorated portion out of it (around $200). I was furious at this point, because not only did I get screwed out of $700, but then they were trying to take $200 more. At that point, I started complaining, and they agreed to give me back the "full" warranty price.I thought everything was fine after that on my Ford Fusion 2011 with 14k miles, but then my car's AC broke.  I took it into to get repaired, but they didn't do much to it. It broke again, and then they decided to replace the whole unit. Then, the SYNC started working slowly. I had to take that in three times and complain. By the last time, my warranty had be out for a month, and I had to complain that they didn't fix it right the first time, and that I shouldn't have to pay.So, I feel that going through this dealership, I had way more hassle than I should have. I realized that negotiating is part of buying a car, but having to fight nail an tooth for things that are a) in a contract or b) under warranty is NOT right. I will NEVER buy from this dealership as long as I live. In fact, I will probably never buy a Ford car again.
