5	I have always enjoyed Milo's. Superb fish. Exquisite starters. And I adore the Milo's Special. Service is also spectacular.
5	Listen... if this restaurant were a car, it would be a Ferrari.  You're in Montreal, you want to go somewhere where you are CERTAIN you will not be disappointed?  This is the place.  Everything is absolute perfection. Service is impeccable.  The menu is simple.  Fresh seafood for the most part.  Now, I love seafood.  But I also love adventurous dishes prepared with flare with the flavors to back it up.  These wasn't a lot of flair.  Definitely not adventurous.  But FRESH and PERFECTLY prepared?  Yes.  Everything.  A little pricey (My seabass was $43/lb, which came out to almost $100).  But it was well worth it.  Again, if you don't want to take chances and you want to go to a restaurant where you'll leave feeling like you just experienced some of the best dining the city has to offer, Milo's is your place.One last thing... you must order dessert.  I have never had a Greek dessert that I actually loved... and I lived in Athens for a year.  The Baklava here is the best I've ever had, but even that doesn't compare the ridiculously rich and delicious Galaktoboureko, which is basically just a custard in a pastry, but wow.  I could eat that every day for the rest of my life.
5	Amazing food and amazing service,perhaps a little uptight and stuffy, but I guess that would only bother you if you wanted it to. very pricy but the food is excellent, Had a whole fish and a tomato salad. both amongst the best dishes I've ever had.
5	Such a wonderful experience at Milos, I don't know where to begin except to say, that the food was outstanding and the service was incomparable. Ask for Theodoro:)  I thought he must be a partner in the restaurant because his enthusiasm, personality, and passion for what he was doing that night were really something to experience. We started off with a personal tour of what was being served fresh that night right in front of the kitchen, where all the fish and seafood were on ice. We were given a brief description of what each fish was, and how it could be prepared. A completely cool start to a wonderful dining/eating experience. We were then presented with house olive oil, with literally, fresh snipped oregano, (the server snipped oregano off of little plants into the dishes at our table) and a basket of grilled bread, which was amazing.  We started off with the grilled sardines which were robust, as they should be and served whole, with fresh lemon.  we also ordered the Milos Special: paper thin zucchini, eggplant and saganaki cheese lightly fried, served with tzatziki.  the presentation was beautiful, and unique, and very resourceful, as the waiter dismantled the pyramid at the table which allowed evryone to grab some crunchy fried vegetable goodness, and tzatziki-see pic.  also, saganaki cheese?  hello.  That's like the cheese of the gods.   We then got the tomato salad which is the classic greek horiatki, served family style.  I should mention, that the menu is designed for everything to be shared, as it invites a communal vibe, as you would feel if you were eating at someone's table at home-it was a nice touch, but you might want to order two of something you like if you have a big party, like we did.  I was the last in line, but that was just the luck of the draw.  I sampled the lamb, which was wonderful, but the restaurant specializes in seafood, so I went with the grilled whole fish, which you can also get salt encrusted and roasted, which looked pretty spectacular.  The fish is some of the freshest I've had and really changed the way I will eat fish from this point on-seriously life changing. it was grilled whole and filleted table side and served with lemon and a drizzle of olive oil. Simple, yes, but a total culinary knockout.  Another spectacular dish was the fresh linguini and Lobster pasta dish.  The pasta was perfectly al dente and coated in a flavourful rih tomato sauce with huge chunks of lobster meat from an entire lobster. Unbelievably good.  Of course, the desserts were off the charts good, baklava, loukoumades, and my favorite, galaktoboureko; vanilla custard in honey drenched filo dough-the espresso was pretty wonderful as well.  Milos specializes in seafood, but they let us know that their sister restaurant Cava is their version of the Greek steakhouse, with specialties from the mainland, and our waiter described it as a place whee they serve thick cuts of beef, and lamb with big fiery red wines-sounds like it's worth another trip to Montreal.
5	Feel like your next to a market with fresh treasures from the sea, with wonderful chefs ready to cook for you. Favorite dish was octopus. milos special and crab cakes are fantastic too.Great expresso martinis.
5	Greek food at its best! I was skeptical at first not having had good experiences with this type of cuisine thus far, but so many people recommended it, I had to try. I cannot say enough good things about this place, the quality and freshness of the ingredients, the preparation and presentation, the service, and of course the taste, everything was perfect. We sat next to the seafood market display, which is a nice touch to their decor, and we ordered the Milos Special, followed by a seafood pasta, and the lamb chops. Delicious! When I saw the impressive variety of dishes being carried out to other customers, I knew I would have to be back.
5	Best sea food restaurant in town.  Top service!
5	I had some of the best Greek food I've ever tasted at Milos. It was my cousin and his fiancee's rehearsal dinner. We had the entire restaurant with almost 200 people. And even with the huge crowd, the food and service were both excellent.Top dishes:- Thinly sliced fried zucchini, served with a tahini sauce. An OMG dish.- "The best crab cakes in town," claimed one server. And they were quite delicious. - Charcoal grilled shrimp - Grilled lamb chops- Filet mignon- White fish, served simply with olive oil - Salad with feta and tomatoes Even my grandma, who HATES Greek food, thought this was the best meal of the wedding weekend. And I would 100% agree with her. I would have all of these dishes again. The zucchini, shrimp and lamb chops were particularly wonderful. I would certainly return in Montreal or visit the New York restaurant.
5	Much of what makes Cava such an amazing restaurant is applicable to Milos, which is obvious to many since the owner is one and the same. The flagbearing quality that sets this place apart from others is the impeccable service, practically white glove. Waitstaff ooze class - they are literally there to make your dinner experience as top notch as possible, and will focus on the little details like pulling your chair out for you and swapping your utensils without you noticing. The ambience is really spectacular - it's light, whitewashed, and vaguely resembles a cycladic landscape. The feeling is very comfortable and very unique, especially for a city that's quagmired in snow and darkness for half the year. The food is very good - simple, honest, predictable dishes that have been honed to a high standard. The fish is simple and fresh. The salads feature tomatoes that don't taste like tofu chunks, quite the feat in Montreal. Everything has this light airy feeling to it, almost like you're sampling all night. Nothing on the menu will break the mold, and if you're looking to get knocked off your feet by some stroke of culinary genius in the kitchen, forget it. Like all smart businesses, they stick to what they do best, which is why the restaurant is so popular. And, btw, not nearly as expensive as some people think. Enjoy!
5	I went there for a client dinner.  The ambiance is very european and the services is very good.For starters we had bread served with their homemade olive oil and fresh basil (that they use scissor to cut the potted plant straight onto your table).We had crab cakes and alaska crab legs as apetizers. The crab cakes are the best I've ever had in my life.We had what tasted like deep fried tempura vegetables (zucchini, eggplant and potatoes - all thinly sliced) which came in the shape of a high tower..For the main we had Trout cooked and coated in sea salt.  It was served with lemon and their special house olive oil. We had side orders of steamed brocoli, asparagus, and homemade fries.For dessert we had a fruit plate and baklava, as well as greek coffee.We also had greek wine to compliment the meal.
5	People always ask me which is my favorite restaurant in Montreal and it's always difficult to answer because I have so many but the one that stands on top for service quality and freshness on a consistent basis is the one and only Milos. George Spilliadis and his team from Kosta to Jerry and Ioanna make an evening at Milos a trip to Greece without the need to fly. The fish chosen from a selection not seen in North America is cooked perfectly in my favorite way and that is salt crusted and baked now I know that most of you will disagree and opt for the BBQ method but you must try this at least once in your life just so that you can experience pure bliss in harmony between Man and the Sea. I can go on and tell you how great the crab cakes and Greek salad,octopus and of course their zucchini fries are but I recommend that you visit this restaurant so that you can concur with us mortal souls who feel that those who have not visited have been denied a little of what the Greek Gods meant for the World to experience.
5	Came here for dinner before heading off to the OSM for the evening. I was almost dreading going to a nicer place this evening given that I was in a cocktail dress and rocking Sorels thanks to the snowfall earlier that day, but the hostess happily checked my furry boots so that I could change into my heels before being seated.The fresh baked bread was tasty as was the wine we picked (didn't go for the Greek selection, just couldn't do it!) I had the big eye tuna which was done sashimi-style. It was hands down the best fish I have had in Montreal: fresh, cooked just right and melted in my mouth. The beet variety on the side was oh so tasty as were the greens.The service was friendly, fast and knowledgeable and my galaktoboureko for dessert was wonderful (although I would suggest sharing it given that it was the size of my head) I will definitely be back as I saw a waiter walk by with a tower of tempura that practically had my name on it, YUM!
4	Except the rate price of wine. .it,s ok for diner Time the bottle of wine betwin. 55to80 but you don,t have many chose in this price.
4	This has got to be the best baklava I've ever had. But that's not what they are known for.Their fish has been touted the best in the city! It was fresh, and portion size was really good. From the outside, it looks pretentious, but when walking in, it's like you're transported to Greece. The service was very good, and even though we showed up late, he did get our meal to show up some what around the same time as everyone else. We got the catch of the day, roasted Sea Bass that comes with a large bowl of rapini. It's simple dishes, but very tasty. For a special occasion, it's definitely worth it.
5	Went there with a friend for lunch. Lunch special consists of starter, entree and dessert.  I had a Begula salad, grilled salmon with rice and yoghurt martini with sweets.  The taste and plating of each course was absolutely exquisite.  The service was wonderful.  I also need to mention the bathroom, so clean and fancy.I would definitely return to this establishment when I'm in Montreal again!
4	So torn on this review...because A.) my husband and I really, really wanted to like it, B.) he's full on Greek and really, really wanted to like it, and C.) because almost every reviewer loves it!However...we were a little disappointed in, of all things, the food itself.  Let me explain. The restaurant itself is beautiful.  Clean and Greek without being tacky and blue and white stripes w/gold gilded statues.  The servers really are knowledgeable and professional to a T.  The late night menu, which is only $29 is a STEAL.  After 10pm, you'll get a started, main and dessert.  (During normal dinner hours, appetizers can be as much as $29 apiece!  Or at least that's what I saw for the eggplant app.) The food is beyond fresh-- that can't be disputed.  What can, is the seasoning.  The fish was clean and perfectly prepared...but lacked even the most basic SALT.  The filet was perfectly cooked, but again, it seemed not to be aged properly, or was missing flavor.  A steamed broccoli/cauliflower accompaniment isn't good contrast to food so bland. The appetizers were better-- the spreads, all delicious, the tomato salad surprisingly flavorful.  What went wrong, I don't know.  Would I try it again?  Well...maybe the late night menu or lunch...but if I paid any more for what we got, I'd be angry!
5	Awesome, yes a good 15 minute cab ride from downtown but worth $30CA round trip!   I had the prefix lunch with bacalao croquettes, Royal Dorade and finished with the baklava ice cream. Every plate was perfect the croquettes were so light I don't know how the kept them on the plate. Beautiful decor, Joelle was cute, professional and made me feel like I was her only customer. I will be back for the octopus!
4	The food is fresh and delicious, but the prices are just outrageous. The tomato salad is excellent as is the octopus. Those are really the best items on the menu. We also chose a fish which was great- just not worth the price. The service is good.
5	The greatest seafood restaurant period.  Anywhere. As soon as it opened in New York City it became the number one Greek restaurant.
5	Three words: simple, fresh, quality.First time to Montreal, and a foodie friend took me here.  Tremendous fresh fish, giant lobster. Fish of the day displayed on ice at the front of the restaurant, between the dining room and the kitchen.  Two kinds of fish I'd never tried before (and since they grill the entire fish, one was enough for the two of us to share) so I tried a fago -- Greek Snapper.  Really firm flesh, flavorful, and perfectly grilled.Tomato and feta salad fresh, side of broccolini fresh, olive oil and house-made bread, fresh... you get the picture.  Service was attentive and swift, without being remotely clingy or overbearing. Wine selection is 100% greek, so I needed some recommendations from the waiter, but he was great in steering us through the by-the-glass selections for our starter and entree courses.For desert, my friend had house-made baklava, and I had fresh greek yogurt drizzled with thyme honey.  We complemented this with fresh-leaved mint tea and a greek coffee.Again, simple, fresh, quality.
5	I've been here twice - once during lunchtime and another at dinnertime. Both times I was wowed by the outstanding fresh seafood. For the appetizer we had the crab cake which we were told was made up of 95% crab meat. It was amazingly sweet. For the main course we had a grilled Mediterranean snapper (Balada) selected from the fresh fish bar. Drizzled with olive oil, light herbs and a dash of lemon, it was tender and flavorful - quite unforgettable. However, note that it's $45/lb so the dish cost $67 for a 1.5 lb fish. I haven't tried other similar Mediterranean restaurants, so I can't assess if this is considered the going rate. Service was prompt despite the restaurant being crowded on a holiday evening. There were ample waiters going around filling up glasses and clearing the plates. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the items on the menu, and gave a thorough introduction of the fish at the fresh fish bar. Decor of the restaurant was tasteful and provides a warm atmosphere for dining - whether you're on a date, going with your family, or dining with business associates. We noticed many families around us.
5	Yep, if you've got the cash to drop here... Just drop the cash. Incredible meal, though as the night got busy our server had a little less time for personalised service. Still worth every penny.
5	If you want 100% Greek from the water, salt, wine right to the high mountain honey for your yogurt. Milos is the place to go. The Price is not for the everyday person but well worth it if you want to impress a date. This is where Madonna took her whole staff and closed down the restaurant when she was in town. Anything and everything on the menu is great.
5	loved this restaurant. ambiance was so perfect. food amazingmust gets: milos appetizer special, greek salad, fish cooked in salt, homemade baklava ice cream.had david as a server, who made the experience so perfect.
5	I'm happy to report that I've even been to such a nice restaurant. It was so nice, I'm tempted to swear to emphasize how nice it was. I took pictures of the bathroom, if that tells you anything.This place was top-notch. We ate an oyster appetizer, served with red vinegar. So fresh, so tasty. Next came deep-sea lobster, three pounds. I have never had lobster that tasted so fresh. And the last thing we ate was killer. Mediterranean sea bass, served with olive oil lemon sauce. Best fish I've ever tasted. But really I'm writing this review for the service. They were amazing. I think our waiter is called "Jerry," and he knew everything about everything. The waitstaff worked together on all the tables, and they seem really well-coordinated, and very concerned about not allowing us to keep our plates between courses. Once, someone even took our plates and exchanged them for new ones even though we hadn't used those ones for anything yet. Ha. I liked all of that a lot. Thank you Milos!
5	Divine. We had to wait 15 minutes for our table and I thought that I would not be able to forgive them and that this review would need a 4 star. I was wrong. The food was superb and the service even better. The milo special was one of the greatest things I've ever tasted. By the end of the night we were passing our plates around the table, wanting everyone to indulge in the different flavours. This will definitely not be the last time I come to Milos!
4	It is very hard to please people who love traditional French style cuisines with other country cuisine. Estiatorio Milos could help you if you have that kind of dilemma. If you or/and your friend(s) like seafood and want to experience luxury dining, Milos offers various choices of seafood. Fresh fishes are just flown from Mediterranean and North-American sea. Be sure to take the tour to select your own fish(s). Each fish you selected will give you the amazing and unique taste that Milos can offer. * Service: Excellent (a bit slow for who has not been experienced European dinning) * Price: Pricy as all high-end restaurants would (be sure to ask price prior to complete your order if you are in doubt or want to stay in your budget) * Atmosphere: Excellent * Food Quality: Superb and great wine selections as well. * Parking: Valet parking is available or parking nearby the street (Metro is nearby and you can use public transportation if possible) * Avoid factor: Do not order too many dishes which one fish may be more than enough for two people and you still can have the great dining experience at Milos. If you want to dine there for once in a lifetime deal, you may not want to order expensive wine (either a glass or a bottle) along with your main dish. You can always taste wine separately elsewhere (remember you go there to try their awesome food). * Recommendation: Try their awesome "Grilled Vegetables".
5	Wow!  And amazing lunch experience...a very authentic Greek restaurant in the heart of the Greek village in Montreal. Many parties going on but we had nothing but the utmost attention from our waiter.  I had the Mediterranean Sea bass and Tuna Tartar.   Incredibly delicious.   Wine pairing recommendation from our waiter was superb...will definitely be back!
5	Best Greek restaurant in town!! We've been to the one in Miami, Vegas and they are all amazing! The food is 5 star quality, so as the service, ambiance. Love their extended wine list, the price range are pretty good and there is always something for everyone. The milos special is divine, they also have the best crab cake & baklava in town. The lobster pasta, lamb chops and fish are absolutely amazing! It's obviously not cheap but worth every penny! Try it and you won't regret it.
5	EXCELLENT! I recall vividly the first time I dined here, everything I ate, everything I drank ... I'd venture to guess that in 5yrs you'd remember your meal and your experience here too.  This is what Milos is known for really . The facade is quite subdued, you could pass it easily and not realize it. Inside the atmosphere is more semi-formal than casual and modern but its also very comfortable. The rooms are spacious and typically filled with people and conversation. I really like the flow of the restaurant and the waitstaff is excellent, professional, friendly and helpful ... never an empty glass of wine or water.   I don't think you can go wrong ordering anything on the menu but I highly recommend the crab cake, its still the best I've ever had. I love the grilled sardines as well. I also recommend getting a whole fish, which you can select from the case and have prepared baked in sea salt and presented at your table and savor that moment when a group of men present you with a large platter of excellence. All of the food here is top notch really, if I could afford it I'd dine here much more often. Milos is the kind of place you need to treat yourself to, go in willing and able to indulge in it 100% and recover later.
5	Absolutely delicious!! What a dining experience it was coming to Milo's in Montreal. Everything from the service to the wine and food was amazing. Highlights:- the octopus appetizer.. It was possibly the best dish I have ever had in my life. An absolute must for all diners- the Olive oil with fresh oregano cut at the table. Simple and fresh - the Greek wine! Our server recommended a fantastic white that the entire table enjoyed Go to Milo's if you're in Montreal- you will not be disappointed!
5	Ok, so our meal was like a stereotype: Greek salad, grilled octopus, salted Mediterranean bass, baklava. But how can you mess with perfection? Milo's does the best Greek salad in Montreal! ...no discussion. Roll that in with these guys sourcing such flavorful tomatoes in May in Canada...! Grilled octopus was tender, flavored with the smoke of a real grill. No toughness at all. Oh, did I mention the Milo's Special? We ordered that first of all. It was a tasty combination of eggplant and zucchini slices, lightly fried with a couple pieces of cheese and taziki sauce: perfect for nibbling while the conversation winds up. Salted fish is a specialty...for a reason. The product was brought to the table and broken out of its salt, with much ceremony, right in front of you. Service was exemplary. Plates and silver changed between each course, table expertly 'crumbed' before dessert and coffee...you just don't see that enough anymore. Staff was professional, approachable, knowledgable. Presentation was attractive and artistic. Food was awesome!
5	Everything I've read about Milos is true Loveeeeeeeeeeeeeee this place.  Took my Mom and Sister for their Birthdays and the staff, decor and atmosphere was amazing. My Mom was a little cold and walla out comes a table cloth placed around my Mom like a shawl, problem solved.  The Calamari and Greek salad starters were  excellent just the right amount of olive oil no dips necessary.  Our meals were to die for I had the Lobster Linguine loved it.  Our server took the time to explain the fresh water fish texures making the selection easy for my Sister and Mom. The surprise birthday treat was sweet with a fruit salad.  This is a must visit if and when you come to this fabulous city.
5	If I posted a picture of the incredible Milos sampler appetizer that  my boyfriend and I devoured (even though four people should share it), it would be like posting another picture of the Eiffel Tower. Most incredible appetizer...We were seated by the open kitchen, which my boyfriend loved since he is a restaurant owner and an incredible chef. We watched the symphony of coordination between the kitchen and the servers.The unique bread service: snipping fresh herbs onto our olive oil plate!When I found out that this Milos has been around for over 30 years and they were going to open in London, it was great - not because I live in London but that an immigrant from Greece came over here and is another success story - love it!The Greek salad left us speechless...not because it was so expensive but because it was outrageously great.Fantastic service, great food, exciting tableside presentation with whole fish (which is weighed by the pound) - saw a 5 lb lobster being prepared too. Go to Milos...enough said.
4	We had an excellent meal at Milos but be prepared to pay the price.  Everything was incredibly fresh and the fish in particular was outstanding.  We also loved the Milos Special appetizer and enjoyed a cocktail and a glass of wine with dinner.  The service was top notch.  But the bill was close to $200 for a party of two, so for us this would qualify as a special occasion.
5	I have to say going to Milo's is not like going to just another restaurant. It is an event, something really to look forward to. This is a very classy restaurant that features valet parking service with pride and waiters at your fingertips to fulfill your every need. The seafood is always fresh and some of it imported, the waiters/waitresses are knowledgable and the herbs are grown in house. Almost every dish is made with their signature olive oil and it is spectacular. If you are offered a chance to try this restaurant don't hesitate. Easily one of my favourite restaurants in Montreal.
4	Went there during the lunch special. It took us half an hour to get seated. The next time I go I'll make sure to make a reservation. Otherwise, I loved the ambiance and the service was good. The white fish I had was very fresh but lacked flavour. However, the baklava ice cream was easily the best I've ever had; everyone needs to try it out!
5	Fresh seafood and best of all they cook it right there, services top notch and don't forget to ask for fruit as desert they make fresh from fruit bar it's amazing and unforgivable experience
