5	Super awesome people that really know their stuff.  They don't just sell jewelry and watches here...  THEY CAN MAKE IT TOO!  Anything you want.  They repaired my custom engagement ring for $12!  I have been putting it off because other places were quoting me a fortune but, since they do all repairs/work in-house, it was SO MUCH CHEAPER than I ever could have thought.  We will probably get custom wedding bands from here.  They also carry an array of fine watches at very fair prices.  Perfect place for ladies to visit and pick up a nice gift for hubby.We went in there just looking to get some watch batteries replaced and ended up finding the best jewelry place.  They even gave us a few bucks discount for our watch repair because we brought two at once.  If you have a pile of broken/ill-fitting/dirty jewelry in a drawer somewhere...  bring it in here and they will fix it all up for way cheaper than you would expect.
5	I love this place! I took 8, yes, 8 watches there to have the batteries replaced and the bands fixed. I found them through YELP and I could not be happier! The staff is super friendly, helpful and knowledgable. They are family owned and operated and everything (even custom work) is done on site. They are fast too. I dropped my watches off at 4pm yesterday and they called me at 11 the next morning to come pick them up. Their prices are more than reasonable (even gave me a discount because I brought so many watches!). I have never reviewed a business, so they are my first and quite frankly, the only place I've felt compelled to review!
5	I found Rakhman Jewelers on Yelp. We needed a ring sized down and didn't know where to go. We narrowed it down to two jewelers but I liked Rakhman the minute I talked to someone on the phone. When we got there I discovered we were from the same place; that is to say that they, and my grandfather, were both from Russia. For some reason this kind of commonality has a feeling of comfort and familiarity that I like.They were very matter-of-fact and incredibly helpful. When we told them that we needed to preserve the engraving they said they'd find a way while subtly letting us know that we didn't have to ask, it would just be done. They quoted a reasonable price and explained that they had a lot of work and it would likely take several weeks. But the ring was done sooner than expected and when they called, they indicated that they'd hurried because they knew it was important.They do most everything in-house and are very cognizant of the fact that their name is on what they do. I'd go back there in a heartbeat.
5	I need to have a watch band and battery replaced. The owners were so friendly and knowledgeable. The watch was completed in a timely manor and I received a phone call once it was ready for me to pick up. I will definitely be back for all of my jeweler needs!!
5	I have been going to Rakhman's Jewelry Shop for well over 5 years. I have had many many dealings with Jane, Lenny and Noel. I travel extensively and home only 5 days a month, Noel will send me email to let me know what the status of my transactions is, WHAT SERVICE! Whether buying a diamond or a battery replacement for a watch, Rakhman's will go above and beyond to assist you. I will be doing business with them for many years to come.
5	They custom designed my engagement ring. It's spectacular. I get compliments everywhere I go! Thank you!
1	Horrible place needed links taken out of my watch a 15 min job they asked me to come back in 48 hrs.    2 days later I call them and was told that they have cutomers waiting and they have to dig through the watches and call me right back. 2 hrs later no call back. When I got there no customers and they wanted me to wait an additional 30 mins because in 48 hrs they had not found the time to take out 2 links on my watch.......   don't drop your things off here they simply will not do the work
5	All I can say is WOW!I have been bringing in my repair work for about 10 years now.  My Tag Heuer watch band broke in a spot that was not repairable.  The band is over $1000.00 new to replace.Lenny (the senior Rakhman) spent 3 days soaking and cleaning a decade worth of grime off the band, found a way to laser-weld the link, and made the entire watch look and feel like new!  When he gave me the price, $40.00, I almost fell over.What an absolutely wonderful place to do business.  Local, family owned and operated, and very much aware that their name is everything!Thank You Guys!
4	Really friendly honest people.  Another great family-owned business.  I went in for watch battery change and to discuss re-doing a piece of jewelry I had inherited.  Honestly, I didn't expect great service b/c the jewelry isn't worth anything (sentimental only) and I was just taking in my cheapo Relic-brand watches for batteries (not to mention the fact that I had my 2 little kids with me).  Instead, everyone was really friendly, talked about how pretty my watches were even though they aren't expensive, all the different things I could do with little inherited ring, they gave suckers to my kids...  Wow.  I needed to give myself a little kick in the pants for jumping to the conclusion that this store would have a pompous, arrogant air - I couldn't have been more wrong!  I had to wait a few minutes, but that's because they were giving everyone in the store the same exemplary, friendly customer service they were giving me.  That's worth waiting for.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because I didn't actually have any jewelry designed or fixed there (yet!) so I didn't feel I could say that they're a 5-as good as it gets-though I expect they are.
5	Found them on Yelp - were very close to where I live.  Very nice staff - fixed my wife's watch for a very reasonable price - much less than what the manufacturer wanted.  They did a great job, was done in 3 days and would use again.
5	Love this family owned shop. I brought 7 watches in for battery replacement and 2 watches in for repair. I was charged less than half of what it would've been at a generic mall kiosk. The value is second to none and the service is personable, friendly and honest.
