5	The most friendly and professional staff I've ever encountered at an oil change business. They always send me service coupons and if I forget to bring in the coupon, they still honor my word and give me a discount. I won't get a oil change anywhere else!
5	These guys do it right!  Every single time!  The manager and his crew are outstanding.  They are nice, clean, conversational, service oriented, go the extra mile.....and did I mention that the waiting room and bathrooms are sparkling clean?!?!  They do the job that we came in for and recommend needed maintenance, while not being pushy.  I feel like we get a good deal each visit and I trust my car (therefore, my safety) to this team. I would recommend them to anyone!
5	Wow! Wonderful customer service.I went in to redeem a groupon for a oil change and tire rotation. The employee's were very professional and even gave me a tour of the waiting area (where the water, bathroom, and coffee was located). There was a car in front of mine, so I was aware that it might be awhile, I was not in a rush. They actually were really fast! I was in and out in no time.They went over what services were done with my car and an employee named Steve went above and beyond. I am quite impressed with this Jiffy Lube, enough to come back for my next oil visits. I felt comfortable the whole time (as a female who knows nothing about cars!)Once I left, I had about 5 different employee's thank me and wished me a great weekend. I felt like a Jiffy Lube queen!
5	I get it. Jiffy Lube is more expensive than the random company in the coupon section offering a $9.99 oil change. I'm not made out of money. I love a good deal (please see my other reviews to see how excited I get about cheap food). Most of all? I LOVE good service. This Jiffy Lube is the epitome of PHENOMENAL customer service, and amidst the expense, it is WORTH IT.I went back to this location, as always, this morning and unfortunately, have had a rough week, so I wasn't as chipper as normal. No, I wasn't evil (that's a lot of work), I just wasn't my normal self. The instant my window was down, I was greeted with a big smile and just the friendliest service I could ask for. He opened the door for me to get out of my car, opened the door into the office, showed me where the restroom was and where the water was in case I felt thirsty, the whole nine yards. When they try to sell you an additional service, it is never sleezy. I know I have to get my engine flushed once every 30,000 miles. They didn't PUSH me into it or make me feel uncomfortable. The man just printed out a form to serve as a reminder and that was it. The other guy there (my normal representative) said hello and was equally friendly as the first gentleman. As if they needed to impress me even more (once again), as I left, the door was opened for me from the office and through the garage, and then the gentleman opened my car door for me too! CHIVALRY STILL EXISTS! EUREKA!I LOVE this Jiffy Lube. I have sent emails to corporate telling them how happy I am with their service. These guys are great and they are absolutely worth the money you pay for an oil change. LOVE THEM!
5	Some of the staff is a bit grumpy (in a funny way), but the class and decency of the others balance it out. The service was the best, even opened our car doors for us as we left and the price $32 for oil change, filter change, vacuuming van and cleaning windows  amongst other things.
5	We took one of our cars here today for an oil change, since the service at our previous oil change place had gone downhill. Since the reviews for this location all tout the excellent service, we gave it a try.We pulled up, were ushered into a clean, cool lobby to wait. The mechanic took Boyfriend out into the garage to explain what would be done (not to say they ignored me...I just didn't want to go back outside and I probably had absolutely zero to add to their conversation). Less than 30 minutes later, the oil change was finished. Everything done to the car was again reviewed, down to tire pressure and which fluids were topped off. They let us know that we would need a new belt soon and made sure the quoted price for that service was noted in their system and on our receipt. However, there was zero pressure to do it right then. Our coupon was accepted with no issues and we were on our way! The oil change (with a ton of extra, complementary services) was $40, minus the $15 coupon we printed online. The mechanic opening the car doors for us was a very nice touch :)A truly top-notch experience. This is our new go-to car maintenance place, for sure.
5	Very friendly Service Techs. The facility was clean. They even had FREE coffee!I will definitely be bringing my truck back here, for all my fluid changes. They also give a Military discount.
5	Went in for an oil change and received the best service i have ever received at any car maintenance service location! I won't go anywhere else. Daniel (employee i delt with) provided exceptional service. He explained all of the things i needed fixed with my car in detail so i understood why and how these things were needed. He honored my coupons and they provided a free window and vacuum cleaning for my car complimentary. I was out within 20 minutes maximum. It was very professional fast and friendly service.
5	Just had my oil changed and was amazed hot fast it was done. They even showed me my filter that needed changing as per the manufacturer's recommendation. Got that done too. Showed them the discount coupon on my smartphone and they processed that too. Went on a Sunday. No lines, no waiting. Didn't even get a chance to have a free cup of coffee! Great facility and people!
5	Great Service and Friendly staff. In and out quickly. Will go back for additional services when my truck needs it.
5	Great service.  Great people.  Very professional. Very knowledgable.  Seemed to really care about my vehicle.
5	I will frequent any place that has good customer service and this place has GREAT customer service.  From the immediate friendly greeting when I pulled in, to the thorough, informative, no pressure explanation of what was needed / to be done, the guys here know their stuff and are really nice!  Very customer service focused...so refreshing these days.  I highly recommend this location.
1	So tired of the upsell on a simple oil change. Everytime! Thought I would give them one more chance to see if it was isolated times or employees. Not coming back.
4	Got what I paid for. Of course the typical up sale attempts.  But hey they're trying to make money. I haven't went to a auto shop without up sale attempts...part of the game.
1	$35 for a oil change?! no thanks...never going back :(
5	Very friendly staff. They work as quickly as possible to get everyone in and out. Very thorough with vehicle inspections. Prices are reasonable and competitive. I would recommend to others!
5	Needed to change my oil today. I frequently go to this Jiffy Lube and I've always had a good experience. Today was no exception! I received great service from the moment I arrived. They were polite, fast, efficient, and I did not have to wait long.  I've never been disappointed with the service I've received.  I highly recommend this location.
5	The guys at Jiffy Lube always take care of me. I don't always know what's going on with my car, but they give me great advice and try and educate me on why I need a specific service. I trust their judgement and always recommend them!
5	This Jiffy Lube's a gem compared to the rest I've been to in Vegas . Gina is AWESOME , she's a sweetheart and will take care of you . The rest of the crew are all top notch and will get you on the road in a hurry ! I'll be back again .
5	Fast, clean, accurate, great job and nice staff.  What more could you want from a oil change and smog place.  Him really did a great job with the smog check.  Fastest I've ever had.  Will recommend this Jiffy Lube location to all my friends.
5	Gina is awesome, I will only go to her shop! shes quick and very knowledgeable told me everything i needed and didnt try to get me to buy useless stuff for my car!best service i have ever had :D
5	Great service! Good price. Friendly employees. Was in and out of there quickly. Wouldn't bring my car anywhere else!
5	Gina was great and I really enjoyed the service - thank you!!!!
5	Just came back from service here and agree with folks...Gina is awesome!! I've been to Jiffy Lubes all over the country and the upsell is usually agressive. Gina had suggestions rather than "you gotta get this done now or the car will die". I will continue to use them for as long as I live here.
5	I just got my fluids changed today and Steve as very helpful and took care of everything I needed. He made sure the staff took care of my car and let me know what I would need down the road and didn't try to rip me off like other places. Steve is a very honest guy and I'll be going back to this place if I need to take care of my car next time.
5	Hands down, the best Jiffy Lube I have ever been to. The customer service is phenomenal and the staff is extremely friendly. Definitely coming back!
5	Jim and Steve did a great job with my two emission tests.   It was fast and a great price.   Super customer service and a nice clean facility.
5	This Jiffy Lube was super fast and super friendly.  I was in and out in literally 25 minutes, which was great since this was a pit stop for me while driving through to Utah and I needed to get back on the road.  Grade A+ for efficiency.They also checked my tires, since I thought I was due for a rotation, but the guy said the wear was even and I wasn't due until the next oil change.  The attendant was aware that I lived out of state and wouldn't return to this store for that service, so I appreciate the honesty.  Not needlessly up selling me and keeping me longer says a lot about their ethics and concern for their customer's needs.  Grade A+ for integrity!  If I lived here, I would come to this location for every oil change.  I'm definitely a happy customer and this location represents the Jiffy Lube brand very well.   Wish the one near my house was as speedy and honest!
5	I went late in the afternoon to get an oil change and was very happy with the customer service.  I was helped by Steve and Jonathan.  Steve was very helpful and patiently answered all of my questions.  The staff was professional and friendly.  I would definitely recommend this location to other people and would be happy to come back here to get my car serviced again.
5	I took my car there yesterday after it stalled at a red light. The staff there greeted me almost immediately and ran a test on the car. He identified the problem and was able to fix it right away. I was in and out within ptetty quickly considering. Very professional and gave me the information I needed to make a decision on what services were needed. No pushing or pressure to get services. Thanks Jiffy Lube! I will definitely be back!
5	This location is great! Fast and super friendly service! It's the only place I will go :)
5	Usually come here for oil changes.  Also bought tires here for a great deal.  They always look for deals and they show you the work they do so you know you are getting what you paid for.  Both Steve and Jonathan were very friendly and professional.  Would recommend.
5	Excellent, friendly staff.  The general manager works his butt off.  I generally do not use oil lube centers but would definitely return to this center.
5	Great service and friendly attitude; kudos to Jim. They'll get the smog test done, and for a small fee hook up with the DMV and get your registration processed. In-and-out one-stop total service while you kick back in a nice air conditioned customer area. Keep coming back even though it is a bit further than other locations.
5	After having some bad customer experiences at other establishments - jiffy lubes manager Steve was exceptionally pleasant and helpful - I glad we went there this am - we will be back thanks Steve
5	I've been a Jiffy customer for years... I absolutely love the way they do business and take care of their loyal customers. My car has been giving me some problems the last few days but with my work schedule it's hard to take it to get checked.. I showed up right at closing time and the service manager as well as the tech did not even hesitate to take me in and fix my problem within 15min I am so thankful and grateful I have Jiffy there for me and my car needs! Great professional friendly and knowledgable staff! :D I'm extremely happy!
5	Went to this location about 2 weeks ago to get my wife's oil change and today got my smog and the manager James helped me out both times and he was great will definitely come back to this location
4	Had a great first time experience at this jiffy lube I liked how they offed me other services but it is based on my car's make and model recommendation not theirs and at the same time didn't pressure me they just told me the price and why I should do it. I got the vibe where they were there to help me not themselves.
5	This is the only shop i'll take my truck to for any routine work aside from the dealership (if you feel like spending 6 times more).  They're fast, always incredibly personable and knowledgeable.  You can always trust if they recommend something because i've never been upsold.  I routinely work on my own vehicles, but if there's something I don't have the time/equipment for, I bring it to them and ALWAYS feel like I was treated honestly and got a great deal.
4	Great Service!!!! Professional, fast and thorough. Affordable oil changes, will continue to use in the future. Ask for Jim or John
5	Always great service and very quick. Makes this process easy and why I keep coming back!
5	Great customer service. Got me in very quickly, which is always nice. Every customer that came in while I was there seemed to be handled the same way I was.
5	The Jiffy Lube Team is outstanding.  They provide excellent customer service and great work.  I wouldn't get an oil change or smog any where else.
5	Well, my eldest daughter has been using my car to commute to and from college. I finally get a chance to use my car because I need to run some errands I can't accomplish on the Harley. I get in and look at the odometer and see it was exactly 6 miles short of needing an oil change.......of course, on a Sunday afternoon!I take it to the Jiffy Lube not too far from my house, praying they will still be open (good news, they're open until 6pm on Sundays)! Seriously, I'm in and out of there in less than a half hour. Awesome service!Entire staff was absolutely top notch. Will definitely go back again.
5	The service was excellent, helpful, and quick.  The workers were not the typical, creepy grease monkeys you're used to seeing when you get your oil changed. 1 gal and 2 guys.  All very pleasant.  The guy that helped me when I checked out (forgot his name, sorry) said he was going to NYC for another store, they'll be lucky to have him.  I hope the next time I stop in, (in about 3,000 miles) the service is just as great.     My only gripe about this place is I feel like the "entrance" was a little awkward.  Maybe I parked in the wrong area, or something.  It's  intimidating enough pulling up to these kind of places as a female. Having to walk around, or in, the garage is just a little off putting, but typical, considering the situation.  At least I'll know where I'm going next time.
5	Las Vegas can be tricky to find mechanics you can trust.  I have had issues before by going to a place with a great coupon and then have them try to add hundreds of dollars of unnecessary work to my service.  So I went to this Jiffy Lube on Stephanie in Henderson because of some good reviews.  Now, having used them for a year, I am happy to report and recommend them wholeheartedly.  This location is fast, friendly, and I have never had them attempt to upsell without there being a good reason why.  I have gone several times where they have shown some results of their comprehensive checkup but advised that nothing extra needed to be done.  They are always easy to deal with and usually will give a discount without ever being asked to do so.  After an oil change they will top up your oil for free as often as you bring the car in (which is helpful for me as I do have a small leak)  I can't say the same about all Jiffy Lube's I have dealt with, but this location in Henderson is the best I've had the pleasure to work with.  Heartily recommended to all my friends and family.
5	I used to visit the jiffy lube on eastern but I went to this location instead this week and I am soooo glad that I did.  The service was awesome   Quick and friendly service and I didn't feel hassled at all as opposed to the other location    . The gentleman that attended to my car was great.. Pleasant, explicate e about the entire process and knowledgable/ informative about my questions. I strongly recommend the Stephanie Juffy Lube above any other oil change location :)
5	Needed to get a smog check to renew my car registration so I called Jiffy Lube right when it was opened.  The GM answered the phone, and let me know to come in around 9:30ish as the tech who performs the smog check will not be in until then.When it was 9:25am, I drove to this Jiffy Lube.   It was very close.  The gentleman helped me right away and walked me into the lobby area, offered fresh coffee.  The waiting area is very nice, clean, and chairs are super comfy.  10 minutes later, my car was done.  I paid, they wish me a Merry Christmas, and I left.They were quick, efficient, friendly, and I will return every year for a smog check.
