5	The food was delicious, but my dining companions have determined they prefer "Greek" middle eastern food, which this was not.The food was tasty.  We had lamb kabob, chicken kabob,  vegetarian sampler, lentil soup and baklava.The kabobs are all meat, no veggies like onions, peppers etc.  Served with a choice of rice or french fries.  One person chose fries, which we made fun of until they arrived and we saw that they were homemade, not frozen ones.  The meats are marinated in a tasty sauce that doesn't overpower the meat.the Baba Ganoush, Hummus and Falafel in my platter were all tasty, with the hummus retaining some texture and not just being a watery smooth paste.It was obvious that is is mostly a regulars place, as all the other patrons that night walked into the kitchen (which is visible from the dining room) and greeted the owner/chef by name.  Not being regulars, we were still given the same treatment.I highly recommend the Shug, and addicitive blend of oil, crushed red peppers and cilantro served with thick fluffy pita to dip it in.The baklava was drier than others i had, and should have been served at room temperature instead of straight out of the cold case, but was tasty and flaky none the less.I stuffed myself the night we ate here, but it  was worth it.
4	Well, I was looking for something new and so I googled "Best lunch in Mesa" -- came across Dooby's. Checked it on Yelp and looked at their website. It was 2:25 on Sunday and being only 3 miles from my house I figgured I could get there well before closing.We got there at 2:40 and were promptly greeted by "Kitchen is closed!". As I turned to walk out the waitress said they may have a few items left and scurried to the back to check.... Indeed, they had some chicken shawarma so we got that to go.Price was $13 which is a bit steep for a couple pitas, but I have to say it was damn tasty. I will have to check this out again... Just get there WELL before closing.
2	FAIL.After reading all the positive reviews of this place, my girl and I went to give it a shot.  We were very disappointed.  So I ordered the beef shawarma and my girl had the falafel.  We got our meal in a timely manner, however they forgot our salads completely.  No one came over after our plates were dropped off, not once, to check up on us until we were both essentially done with our meals.  This was especially bad for two reasons:  1. because i had an ingredient question that was essential to me being able to eat the garlic sauce  and 2.  because the meat was very dry, flavorless, and mostly gristle.  The only way I could even enjoy the meat was to dip it in the garlic sauce to add some flavor, but I couldn't eat the garlic sauce because I thought it was made with dairy.  Totally sucked.  The fries were good.When our waitress finally did come over, after we had both finished, I expressed my feelings and voiced my complaints and my meal was totally comped.  So that was cool.I will go back here and try it again because of all the good reviews and because they comped my meal.
1	Okay - we made it back to Dooby's for dinner on a Friday night after work. My memory of the food from Dooby's had me excited for a second try. Well, we walk in around 8 and the place is pretty full, but plenty of seating remained. The waitress told us to sit 'wherever' - we chose a spot near the window so not to be on display in the rather open seating area...I squinted at the beer taps and didn't see any of my old standbys, so when our waitress made her way over to the table I asked what was on tap. She rattled off a few, and I picked one. My girlfriend ordered a soda. My beer took FOREVER. Forever! This is a major pet peeve of mine - when I sit down, I want to start drinking, soon. I realize waiters/waitresses are often slammed - I've been in their shoes, so I try to cut them some slack. But this time, my waitress was only 15 feet from me and was flirting up a storm with a couple oafs at the bar. Serious, I was making evil-eye contact with her trying my best to emit my ESP rendering of  "BRING MY EPHIN BEER". Eye contact was continuously made with little regard for my parched state. Seriously, get me drinking and I am much more likely to forgive your crappy service!So, my beer arrives - and I swear to god the pint glass looked as if one of the oafs had taken a few fat gulps before it meandered its way to my table. Come on - several dollars for a pint, I want a pint dammit! The glass is 5/8ths full will not cut it! I'm not the type to complain at restaurants - again, I've been there, so I try to cut them slack, so I just took a deep breath and let it go. (While drafting my 'yelp the crap outta you!' rant in my head)I ordered the Gyro dinner and my sweetie had the falafel platter. I love gyros. We were given the option of soup or salad - I asked what the soup was. It was lentil, so I eagerly said soup! My answer was greeted with a vacuous stare from our waitress. I repeated soup.... To which I got a Bill and Ted's style "OOOoooooh". WTF.A few minutes later, she comes back and says "salad will be okay, right?". I love being told what will be okay - serenity now! The salad arrives, and it's a medley of minced lettuce, tomatoes, and other stuff. I hate tomatoes. If I can pick them out, its ok, but there were hundreds of little cubes in there. Gross - sorry. I wanted lentil soup after all...  Later when the waitress picked up my untouched salad I noted her lack of observation or care that I didn't touch it. At least pretend? So, our food finally comes, and I dig in. Meh. The gyros are pretty plain frankly, not bad but plain. There were some pita wedges and like seriously a teaspoon of humus. A TEASPOON!?!?! I like a teaspoon per bite! I'm done with Dooby's at this point - and then out of nowhere comes  "LA LA LA LA LA" Clank! Clank! Clank! A belly dancer comes running out clanging those shrill finger cymbals and the music begins to blast. Ugh. There goes the pleasant conversation! It was at least a warm atmosphere before - but now its loud and there is a large woman shaking and shrieking about the place. Soon the belly dancer makes her way to our table and starts wobbling her gut within inches of our plates. We try not to pay attention to her, just trying to eat here. She moves on, but within minutes, she's back and tells us "come on guys! Get up and dance!" Seriously, I'm eating; I'm not thrilled about being accosted by a freaking belly dancer in Mesa Arizona. This isn't Peter Piper Pizza Dooby, and it didn't seem the other patrons were really digging it either. My bill was $35 bucks - I'm not a cheap ass but seriously that's insane for what I got - remember, a teaspoon of humus. $10 and it might have been a good value.So, bottom line - I had terrible service, a sub-pint of beer, marginal gyros and a jello-belly gypsy all up in my face at Dooby's. Not impressed, and not going to be returning.
4	Big scary family dinner thing here... 9 of us I think? ... long table impossible to talk to each other.... It was perfect!....no really .... it was good for the family thing...good food i think... they had wine.. Doobys himself really nice... head was spinning from odd family moment... but remember it enough that I would want to go back... there was some sort of little relish I had with the bread stuff that was excellent...Sorry my review is not more help full... I'll have to go back and investigate...
4	I am such a fan of Dooby's Grill. It is a fantastic little hideaway off of Dobson Rd in Mesa. We drive 45 minutes out of our way to eat there and are thankful that the price of gas has decreased enough to make it worth our while to go more frequently.First of all, Dooby's is NOT Greek food. It is Israeli food with some Mediterranean stylings added in so for those of you who consider yourselves fans of Greek fare, keep this in mind when you come to Dooby's. The atmosphere at Dooby's is very Middle Eastern-casual. There are standard tables, but also tables with pillows on the floor as well. If you plan to eat a lot, eat at a standard table, because there is nothing more humbling than trying to roll yourself into a standing position after gorging on warm pitas, lamb kebabs, and baba ghannouj. Don't count on this being a quick meal either. Food comes out of the kitchen at a steady pace, but if you are intending to have a quickie lunch, it's better to phone your order ahead. The lentil soup is fantastic. Very flavorful and the texture is perfect. The hummus is wonderful as well. Get the hummus deluxe as it has diced pieces of lamb in it. Yum! And the hummus has body to it. It's not some paste smeared on a plate. My meal of choice is always the Chicken Schwarma. You can have it as either a meal or a sandwich but it doesn't matter which way you have it; it melts in your mouth. The garlic sauce is a nice addition to the schwarma, but you don't necessarily need it as the schwarma has great flavor. Every once in a while, I like to add some shug to my schwarma for a little kick. For those that don't know, shug is a Yemeni hot sauce made with cilantro and jalapeno peppers. My hubby and son enjoy the chicken schnitzel. We have enjoyed pretty much everything on the menu.One area where Dooby's could improve is in the salad department. The salads are unexciting at most. But then, most people don't go to Dooby's for the salad anyway. And it's the 2nd reason why I enjoy the lentil soup.Also, and maybe it's a personal preference, but I find the falafel lacking as well. They remind me of dense, flavorless hockey pucks. I generally skip them because I am used to more crisp, flatter, less dense falafel. Perhaps I've become a falafel snob? But I digress....The service staff at Dooby's is very casual and friendly. Dooby himself is in the kitchen cooking and I can't remember a time when he's not there. There is also belly dancing as well which personally, I can take it or leave it, but my male companions seem to enjoy it for whatever reason. But because of the belly dancing, it's not necessarily the most kid friendly place. Kids are a bit uncomfortable with the whole half-naked lady gyrating around the dining room thing. Oh and one last thing, you have to ask for the check at Dooby's. They don't just bring it to you. It's a European thing and something I rather enjoy because you never feel like you are being rushed out of the restaurant.Go to Dooby's and see for yourself. Don't take my word for it.
5	Doobys is my favorite restaurant in Mesa!  It is a bit off the beaten path, and the journey is well worth it! Dooby is the owner and you can see he truly enjoys what he does!  The food is excellent and I think I am now addicted to both the Chicken Schwarma and the Schnitzel.  The atmosphere is relaxed and not hurried, so if you are an idiot alcoholic and cannot wait for a beer, that's your issue.  : )  (see some other review where the poor sap was thirsty)Anyways, the food is worth it, and it is nice to go and have a relaxing meal.  Here is to Dooby!
2	While looking for a lunch place in Mesa on Yelp, I came across Dooby's.  So I met my wife there.  They could have used someone with an eye for design, as the decor could be classified as thrift-store-restaurant-chic.We started out with a hummus appetizer, which also came with kalamata olives, salted pickles, pepperchinis and shug (which is something new I've never had, a mixture of olive oil, cilantro, garlic and chili flake ground together).  The shug was fabulous!  The hummus was tasty, albeit a little chunky.  I prefer a smoother puree.My wife ordered the shwarma/gyro combo, while I went with the shwarma plate with 2 side falafel.  The lunch combos came with an Israeli salad, which never arrived at our table.  Hmmm.My wife found the chicken shwarma and gyro meat to be overcooked and dry.  She also though either the chicken or the mayo-based garlic sauce drizzled over it tasted funny.I got used to the garlic sauce after a couple of bites, and cleaned my plate.  The falafel looked almost like little muffins, and were pretty good.We ordered the baklava.  How to describe it in one word?  Dry.  They must have found this bad boy in the Gobi Desert.  Baklava is supposed to be moist with a honey simple syrup, which they must have been short of.I had to temper my first reaction, which was to call out the kitchen staff and have each of them take a bite while berating them, a-la Gordon Ramsey.  I love that Hell's Kitchen.The owner visited our table, and was very welcoming, very friendly.  However, I just cannot recommend this establishment with so many other great Mediterranean restaurants out there, such as Phoenicia Grill and Haji-Baba.
3	Quaint place with cozy decor and good Israeli food.  Dooby is usually around to chat with and with belly dancing some nights it makes for a good experience.
3	I almost always get the chicken swarma.  I have traveled the world and have tried chicken swarma in about 8 different places.  By far Dooby's swarma suits my taste the best.My kids enjoy the food here as well, they love sitting on the floor.  They also love the yellow rice and ask for yellow rice where ever we go to eat.The only ding I have is Dooby has raised prices and given a recesssion and that rice prices have reduced since they raise prices I have to say they have ventured into the high side for lunch.  They do allow for BYOD which saves drinkers money.Enjoy the food- too bad I don't eat there as often largely due to increae in cost.
2	CLOSED!Went to give it another shot and they were closed... note on the door said they were locked out due to non payment of rent.
3	Went here for lunch and met the "Dooby", I am pretty sure that he is really Tommy Chong! Any who, the hummus is wonderful, lunch specials are good and there are regular belly dancing lessons. Boy those belly girls can jiggle! My husband loves it, Funny, so do the belly girls!
5	This place used to have the best price on my all time fav beer Konig Ludwig.  $2.50 for a 32oz mug during happy hour.  I put on 15lbs of "beer gut" over the summer of 2009 because of this place.Sadly Dooby's is closed now.
