5	Choosing a pet sitter on Rover.com is not like traditional dog boarding. It is more like leaving your dog with a friend with pet insurance and dog expertise!  There are plenty of sitters available.  You can pick and choose who best suits you, like small dog households or large dog families, children or cats in the home, fenced yard or apartment, etc.  Every sitter I've used has been excellent and treated my dog as family. Drop off, pick up times are negotiable. Best part? You pay thru the website, so no awkward money exchanges (Rover.com holds the payment until services are rendered).  So glad I found this option for pet care!
5	I have had wonderful experiences with Rover.com's dog boarding. I travel quite a bit and it's relieving to know my pups are getting ample time to play outside, making new doggie friends, and has someone to love up on them in my absence. After the first time I booked, I was convinced I'd never board with a different vet clinic. I've had excellent dog sitters who even send me pictures of my dogs. If you are looking for someone to watch your pet with the love you show it, Rover.com should be where you search
5	We have been thrilled with the fabulous overnight dog care we have found through Rover.com! Our dog Blondie is a sensitive, loving little girl who just needs to be around people. Through Rover.com we were able to find a family that welcomed our sweet pooch into their home and treated her like one of their own. Blondie was never alone and didn't get "lost in the jumble". She was happy when we dropped her off and happy when we picked her up. Rover.com and the families that are a part of it are a perfect fit for our family and our dog! Rover.com is an alternative to traditional dog boarding and allows us to enjoy our out of town excursions without worry.
5	Love Rover.com. We found a place for our dog to go when we have to be out of Townsend we don't have to take him to a kennel. Our dog sitter is wonderful!! We received photos and text updates on  Russell while we were gone and he was like a part of their own family. Knowing that there was insurance and access to care if he needed it was very reassuring!
4	Recently, I used rover.com to book an overnight petsitter in my home. Amanda R. was awesome! My dog needed to be administered meds while I was gone. From sending me updates and pictures to clarifying everything she needed to know while I was away, I felt assured that my dog and cat were left in good hands.The only reason I give this 4 stars is because the app was a little difficult to use for booking purposes and I'm still unsure of how to get the credit I was referred to.
5	Dog boarding with Rover.com was easy and worry-free. I especially like that all of the pet sitters are insured through Rover.com so I don't have to worry about anything! The booking process was easy and the sitter very competent. She gave me updates via text message daily and photos.
