4	The new, old El Chorro Lodge has been reopened for all of two days, and a friend of a friend managed to secure a reservation during their soft opening, so I got an opportunity to check it out.  I was impressed, but not blown away.  Everything I tasted was quite competent, but if I had to choose a word to describe the menu, I would suggest "staid."  Perhaps even "stodgy," but that may be more harsh than I intend.Review the dinner menu.  http://bit.ly/aWqVVJ.  There, see what I mean?  Replete with Traditional American entrees and sides, at what I would consider fairly exorbitant prices.  I would say that I wouldn't go back to eat this food at these prices, unless someone else was paying.  I should note that a big part of why I wasn't impressed is because this place is simply not my style.  The wait staff, attired in khakis and blue shirts, was a little too informal for the prices we were paying, I felt.  The menu options were a little boring for my taste.  The cocktail menu is exactly not what I'm looking for these days, although I will be very interested to see what Happy Hour looks like.  The decor is a tad heavy on the Old Southwest theme, although to be fair, this place not only pulls it off rather stylishly but also is among the most authentically old and southwestern establishments in the Phoenix metro area.  The patio and open bar are fantastic.  The bar area is considerable, and the patio is palatial - up above Lincoln Dr enough to be fairly quiet, with a gorgeous view of Camelback, sunset here must be incredible.  Anyway, back to the food.  Everything was very well executed, from the sticky buns we were served upon being seated to the desserts we ordered.  I chose the soup of the day to start, a tomato/basil concoction that was quite hearty and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The salads my dining companions ate looked boring to me, but they all claimed them to be excellent, with "the best Caesar dressing ever" and "polenta croutons?!?" being the verdict for the Caesar salad, at least.  On to the entrees.  I ordered the crispy duck, which I found to be delicious and quite hearty, though not what I would call crispy by any means.  It was a very sizable portion, and very well prepared.  My dining companions ordered the pork chop, the lamb, and the salmon, and we each sampled from each other's plates.  I would try the lamb if I went back, but the consensus seemed to be that everything was very well prepared, with the duck being a winner.  It was served with a heap of mushy sweet potatoes (just like my mom makes at Thanksgiving - delicious!) and red cabbage, which I sampled and declined to finish.  Again, not quite my style.  We moved on to dessert - sticky bread pudding with a bourbon glaze and the warm chocolate cake.  The bread pudding was a winner at the first two or three bites, but grew one-dimensional as I continued nibbling at it.  The chocolate cake was decadent, among the best I've ever tasted.  It was clearly made with a considerable amount of dark chocolate, which seals the deal for me.  And in case you were wondering, my dining companions apparently have no stamina when it comes to dessert.  Suckers.  Anyway, as I've said now several times, this place is just not quite me.  It's totally classy and very high in quality, but not quite adventurous enough for my taste.  I'd love to come back for brunch, and once they unveil their happy hour menu, I'm sure I'll be back to check it out, but I won't be back for dinner unless I can convince someone else to pick up the check at the end of the evening.  As a side note, this place is so very Paradise Valley.  It's a welcome relief knowing that there is a place that is so anti-scene out there.  It's been a little while since I've been both the youngest and among the poorest in a room, and I will say it was a little comforting.  Just don't tell the Scottsdale people about this place, and we'll all be happy.
3	We had dinner at El Chorro as a part of their soft opening.  The restaurant looks terrific and still has the ambiance of one of the grand old dames of Phoenix restaurants.  The menu is well suited for the stature of the restaurant.  Classic meals including duck, steak, lamb chops, pork chops and fish.  The food is good but not quite at the point of being terrific or memorable.  It will continue to satisfy the long time customers of this restaurant.  If you want a good solid meal where everyone will like something El Chorro continues to fill the bill.  I hope that as they settle in to their second life that some of those nuanced flavors that Chef Kassels was famous for in Santa Fe can emerge so that El Chorro is not just brunch on Sundays and special occassions but also a wonderfully, memorable meal.
4	I have got to say I am oh so excited that El Chorro is back! El Chorro was originally built in 1937, it was used as an all girls school for the first four years, and then changed into the restaurant we all know and love today. However, recently El Chorro has under gone a dramatic face lift. It is gorgeous! From the fountain in the front walk , to the views of Camelback and Mummy Mountain, to the soft candle light on the patio, to the fun bocce ball courts by the bar. The new owners have done a fabulous job of keeping the comfortable feel of the old El Chorro (including keeping the old Classroom bar) and at the same time making it their own. The official opening isn't until February 18th, but I was fortunate enough to make it in for their soft opening. As we all know soft openings are a bit bumpy, as they should be; you gotta work out the kinks. Whitney E. and I had dinner the other night and over all it was wonderful. The food tasted great and the view was amazing! We sat inside by the window facing Camelback Mountain, I highly recommend this spot. We had more food than we could eat in two sittings. After the relish tray and sticky buns (long time ECL stapple, got to have 'em!)  we each started with an appetizer, I had the flash fried lobster and she had the crab cakes. Both fantastic. The crab cakes are just that, cakes made of crab, not the cakes you sometimes get at other places that are full of all kinds of other stuff that you about miss the crab, but not in this case, they were perfect. The lobster was on par as well, served with a delicious ramoulade dipping sauce. Then on to the soup or salads.... she had the caesar, which was good, but just a run of the mill caesar salad. I had the clam chowder, I was more than impressed, probably one of my favorite things to hit the table that night. The entree.... she had the fillet and I had the lamb.... both fantastic, but I think we both agreed the lamb was the way to go. It had the most amazing mint sauce crusted on the outside that made my mouth water from just smelling it sitting in front of me. I wasn't thrilled with the veggies that came with it but the fingerling potatoes were great. Chef Kassels allows for any substitutions you would like, so next time I think I will go with the asparagus instead. On to dessert.... we shared the lemon tart, the perfect finish to the meal, not to sweet not to tart... I recommend it! There dinner menu over all is great, a little bit of everything; Roasted chicken, Crispy duck, NY Strip, Wild Mushroom ravioli, Salmon, Escolare, Lamb, Fillet, Fried shrimp and so on. I have not yet been in for lunch but I was able to look at the menu and it looks just as appetizing, and thinking about the amazing view and bocce ball courts outside, I cant wait to come back and have the lunch. El Chorro also has a great wine list, and very decently priced. I also love the signature cocktails that they offer, very refreshing, they will be great for the hot summer coming up. Like I said, soft openings are a bit tough sometimes, there were a few service and timing issues that were bothersome, but I am confident they will be ready to wow everyone in no time. Oh and PS: we were able to sneak around and check out the entire 11 acer property, that includes a banquette hall, perfect for weddings. If I was planing to get married anytime in the near to late future I would love to get married here. So beautiful, with both Mummy and Camelback Mountains as your back drop. Unbelievable!
4	I have been dining at El Chorro Lodge since 1974. El Chorro Lodge is a family favorite. When Joe and Evie announced there retirement and selling of El Chorro, I am grateful Mrs. Dorrance saved El Chorro from turning into Paradise Valley's next luxury home subdivision. First and foremost, the renovations to El Chorro are fantastic! The patios have been enlarged to take advantage of the great views of Camelback Mountain, numerous fireplaces added to add to the ambiance and the charm of El Chorro preserved in the process. Kudos to the designers for saving the copper hood of the fireplace in the old dining room and relocating it to the renovated schoolroom bar! (One sad note, miss the "Knights of the Round Table" table that was next to old fireplace on the old main patio. Its now a service area, but time marches on!) The entire of the new restaurant speaks of old Arizona, but in a fresh and modern way. Photos and art work of happy times at the Old El Chorro decorate the walls and is a gracious nod to the past. The cocktail menu has been expand, and a second bar has been added with great views of Camelback Mountain. This is a terrific place to grab an old school martini or try one of their handcrafted cocktails. Our dinner was graced with the old relish tray, served on a cold plate instead of chipped ice. (Chipped ice would have been a nicer presentation.) Appetizers include the standard shrimp cocktail, flash fried lobster tail and new additions. Soup of the day or salad is included with the dinner entree, which is a nice touch in an ala carte world. My girlfriend enjoyed the filet, which was tender and cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the duck breast, which was flavorful, tender and not overcooked. Just two notes for improvements, I don't know what happened to the original recipes for the flash-fried lobster batter or the sticky buns, but please, please look for them! Some classic items just do not need improvement! Also, $5 for valet parking, please.
2	I had brunch with my family on the patio at El Chorro this morning, and I was quite disappointed with this landmark restaurant.  We sat on the patio - which was absolutely beautiful (and the reason this rating gets any stars!)  and had an amazing view of Camelback Mountain.  There was also a fair amount of heaters and fireplaces, so it would be nice to sit out there in colder weather, too. It was pretty fun to people watch here - everyone was so expensive looking! And, at 23, I think I was the youngest person there by a solid 15 years. The service here was extremely sub-par, especially considering the prices they charge.  We were greeted with a "you have reservations, don't you?!"  No, we don't. And now you just made us feel like we did something wrong by not making them - even though there was plenty of seating!  We were seated right away, regardless. And, it goes downhill from there. The waiter was unfamiliar with the menu and had to have us point to several items on the menu.  The bus staff that brought us our food had quite a hard time reading the ticket that told them who ordered what, it would have been much faster to ask, "who had the french toast?!"  I was brought the wrong dish, and when it came out the second time, the eggs weren't cooked how I asked.  It took a good 15 minutes to get our credit card back from the waiter after we had given it to him to pay.  I tried to give the staff a little credit, because this place is brand new - but you think in this economy they could hire some experienced wait staff! I thought the prices were ridiculous - $6 for a side of 2 eggs?! $13 for a fruit bowl!? Ouch.As much I would like to come back for drinks on the patio at sunset, I don't think I can justify dealing with the staff and prices again.
2	I was very excited about the re-opening of El Chorro.  I always felt it was a great location that was hampered by a boring menu and a tired looking restaurant.  There is no doubt that the property and build-out was money well spent.  It is a gorgeous restaurant.  It is a shame that they didn't put the same amount of money and effort into training their staff on service and execution.We ordered the shrimp cocktail and the cheese plate which was $18 for 4 store bought crackers, 2 small, thin pieces of cheese and 4 small, thin slices of salami.  The salads were horrendous - the vegetable chopped salad was a rectangular plate with little rows of potato, celery, carrot, walnuts and cranberries - all totally oversalted and just not appetizing.  The signature steak and onion soup was gelatinous and lukewarm.  (They mistakenly brought the baked potato soup first which had an oatmeal consistency.) And by the way, according to our server we were allowed to order whatever salads we wanted to go with our entrees.  At the end there were upcharges on the bill for the non "house" salads.   We never received rolls or sticky buns (after asking twice) and they finally brought sticky buns out when the entrees were plated.  In addition, we did not have bread and butter plates and the utensils were not replenished.   My friend's $40+ steak was ordered medium rare, yet came out well done.  He ordered no starch so they brought him a plate of carrots!  I ordered "double vegetable" with my chicken instead of starch and I literally had 4 snow peas and 3 green beans on the plate.   My spouse ordered the duck and the side dish it came with was absolutely disgusting - some kind of pomegranate-y starch thing that had a sour taste.   My friend sent the steak back and it came out bloody and rare - and with starch on the plate.  That one was sent back and the chef himself brought out the third one - with starch.  They bought us a round of desserts (the molten cake was cooked through so it was basically a warm brownie) and took the steak off the bill.  I would return for drinks but not for the food.
4	Last night I went to the new El Chorro. It's nothing like the old El Chorro and it pulled on my heart strings to tour the beautiful, yet unrecognizable, restaurant. Nothing stays the same and I love change, but not when it involves my valley institutions. Soon nothing in my life will resemble my childhood and I will have no attachment to this town. When Avanti goes, that will for sure be the end. Ok, I'm done whining. Hey, I wasn't the only one. I noticed plenty of others reminiscing... they did happen to be my grandparents age, but I guess that just means I'm wise beyond my years. Ha.  The new El Chorro is incredible and if you knew nothing of the Old El Chorro, you'll like it that much more. It was a last minute idea to swing by for dinner and the place was packed. So packed that we couldn't get a table. I've never been without a reservation and I figured a weekday was a good time to try... think again. Luckily, the bartender (where the old bar used to be) told us not to worry because she wasn't going to turn customers away. She obviously wasn't working there the time my uncle threatened to burn down an umbrella because it was blocking the view... he did tip $100 to the guy for moving it, though. His personality allows him to say things like that without causing anyone to feel alarm... or maybe it was the $100? Anyway, El Chorro lacks nothing in the customer service department.So we sat, my mother, her ex and me. An odd group of three. He is totally still in love with her, so I encourage these little gatherings. Between the three of us, we ordered the filet, trout, and escolar. All delicious, but I am still saddened by the menu change. No beloved eggs benedict (that was served all day). No chicken livers. No jumbo shrimp (even though it's on their menu). The only thing retained- the sticky buns. Thank God for that.  Highlight of the meal was when the bartender made some after dinner shots when he overheard us discussing dessert. I asked him, "what are these babies called?" He responded, "wet dream."  Great, I was having a shot called a wet dream with my mom and her ex. Not awkward at all. Actually, it was pretty funny and the shots were deliciously cinnamony.   El Chorro, I still love you. You're like a relative who got a facelift and although I no longer recognize you, you're still the same inside.
4	Expensive, relaxed, sultry, with a ginormous motherload sized patio and courtyard area - quintessentially Phoenix (or should I say PV). My first time here ever so cannot compare to the old and on a Wednesday didn't have a reservation so was seated in the bar patio with the bar menu. The cheese & charcuterie platter was fabulous but the steak & onion soup was the rogue menu addition and bad order choice (great steak but processed onion flavor).  ***Warning*** $15 Chopin martinis...but it was fabulous and so was the view. I could really learn to love $15 martinis here.... of course I can also imagine the valet bringing me back a Bugatti when I leave. Eager to return for a main course or happy hour again...
5	I have to tell you about the brunch I had at El Chorro over the weekend... So good! It literally couldn't have been any better. It was a gorgeous day out to start with and we got to sit out on the beautiful patio. We ordered the Eggs Benedict (a must try!!) and the Smoked Salmon to split, and some Truffle Fries to snack on while we waited for our food. The chef also sent out a giant Shrimp Cocktail for us to try as well; probably the best shrimp I have ever had. Cooked perfectly and a great salsa/cocktail sauce to go with. The Eggs Benedict were absolute perfection. No BS, couldn't have asked for them to have been better in any way; it is hard to paoch an egg to perfection and they nailed it. The Smoked Salmon was very impressive as well; nicely toasted bagel, cream cheese, capers and a light salad on the side. You MUST go try their brunch on Saturday or Sunday. Amazing!
1	Since 1984 we have gone to El Chorro for the best drinks with a view and have always loved everything about the charming historic setting.  It has recently been remodeled so we were excited to meet friends there to see the changes.  We should have known there was a "problem" when we pulled into the nearly empty parking lot.  The new bar area is very pretty and the view of the back of Camelback Mtn is still gorgeous.  Unfortunately, the bar menu is extremely limited and quite expensive.  In the past El Chorro was a fun, buzzing place for happy hour, but now the happy hour is limited to pricey watered down drinks and an expensive shrimp cocktail or brisket sandwich. Even the trademark cheese and crackers are gone!  We are so sad to say we will no longer take our out of state visitors to El Chorro.  Very disappointing experience and we will not be back.
2	Before you look at the stars and don't read on let me tell you I loved El Chorro I went years ago before it shut down and reopened and i yes i was saddened when i came back.  They kept true to the sticky buns and the relish tray (which truly isn't great but i eat it and appreciate it being there because im hungry and with family which is lovely HAHA, also rolls on request, really on request and they are worse than grands, yes i wish i was joking) but really the new place is better in some aspects!  Its huge and really pretty but the food is not good.  I wish it good and hope over time it will be but the food was terrible and ive eaten good food i got duck it was so bad and  their signature fish dish which we were told that the workers came in on their day off to eat "pan seared escolar" was Eh, i would rather get Sea Bass at a good restaurant like Ocean Club.  I didn't go in like someone expecting to get blown away i expected a good Easter dinner based on the fact ive been here before years ago and enjoyed it so i went in expecting the price per dish to be as good as it was, well its not and its sad because the place is pretty and it looks like horses can get married in the back grassy area (check it out, it makes sense).
5	My picks:Derby SmashGreen Chili RisottoPan Seared EscolarSticky BunsIf you are looking for Arizona charm, this is the place. Every Arizona resident needs to experience this hidden gem.Thanks Jacquie, Kristy & Tim for continuing to believe in this historic restaurant and landmark!
3	Have you been the the new El Chorro? El Chorro is a Paradise Valley staple, originally built in 1934 and is a unofficially extension to the Paradise Valley Country Club crowd. In an effort to compete with the new, more modern trendy places in the area (BLT Steak, Prado), the restaurant has been completely revamped with a more modern, brighter feel. However, it still is attracting the silver-haired population. The food, however, has also received a major overhaul. There are still comfort food options like Beef Stroganoff, or more current ones like the pan seared escolar (soooo good! Please try this, it's one of the better fish dishes I've had in AZ!). My Mom loved the duck, Grandma loved the Mushroom Ravioli, and  Dad loved the Pork Chop! Every entree comes with a salad or cup of soup (the Steak and Onion soup is delish!), which is so rare these days for fine dining. Great service, better atmosphere, but still not stepping away from the geriatrics, but overall, I was happy to give El Chorro another shot! Yes, they still have the sticky buns.... and they are wonderful!
5	This place was designed for the perfect Saturday.  There is a mix of old and new with most of the same charms from prior to the renovation.  I'm sure the dinner menu tastes as yummy as it looks, but with their bar menu and the bocce ball court, I'm not sure why you'd ever sit down to eat!  Chowing down on their burger in between bocce ball throws, sipping a super refreshing, perfect-for-summer cocktail, and staring at some of the best views in Phoenix is the way to experience El Chorro Lodge.  This place is great for everyone: big groups, a romantic dinner, a place to eat while the kids run on the grass, or a dinner with a client.
3	I can't believe how this place has expanded! I was put off by FOUR hosts when we first walked up... told it would be a 2 hour wait and they weren't welcoming AT ALL. We were going to grab a drink and go somewhere else, but the waitress in the bar said she would serve us in there (Elizabeth) and she totally turned our experience around. Food is tasty. Don't have high expectations for portion size. I ordered the Pan Seared Escolar, which was wonderful It was served with snap peas and crispy potatoes. OK, so the potatoes looked like a Parmesan crisp served on top of the fish, not a side dish at all. There were 3 (THREE!!!) snap peas. Someone ordered the flash fried lobster, that was good. Someone else ordered the fillet - he said it was good. They still have the sticky buns...yum! White Cosmo was super great, best martini ever. Pricey and a little overstated for my taste, but still a good experience all around. BTW... walked the restaurant after dinner, tons of empty tables. Don't understand the 2 hour wait???? Make a reservation... Thanks Elizabeth!
4	We had an issue with our reservation when we first arrived (only reason for a 4 star rating) which was quickly corrected after speaking with a manager.  After that the night was fantastic.  The food was outstanding, the wine was perfect, and one of the best service experiences I have ever had.  Our server was Warner and he was outstanding.  Make sure you ask for him, I know we will when we return.  The entertainment and dancing was also a nice touch.  A perfect evening!
3	The parking lot here is a dirt lot. Keep that in mind ladies when you're picking out your shoes. There is a beautiful fountain as you walk into the courtyard (minus the yard) which is made up of two large patios. We chose to sit outside even though it was still quite warm out because the atmosphere and view outside was much more appealing. They have live music set up on the patio that is to your right as you walk in so if you want a bit more of a quiet atmosphere sit on the patio along Lincoln Rd. After we ordered they came out with a relish tray, which consisted of cold olives, radishes, broccoli, cauliflower, celery sticks, carrot sticks and some peppers. The sticky buns were brought out at the same time and were pretty good, but quickly got a bit hard and were almost inedible. We both had a French onion soup which had pieces of steak in it as our starter. It was pretty good, but after I noticed a couple of patrons with the house salad I wished I had ordered that instead. For diner Mike had the pepper crusted sirloin with frites and I had the pork chop with a green chile risotto and green beans. The servings were pretty big so we were definitely not leaving here hungry.  However, nothing really stood out about our meals. Mike commented that he couldn't even taste the pepper on the steak and that the steak was pretty bland. He immediately asked our waiter for some A-1. My pork chop was pretty good. It came with a salsa relish on top. If it wasn't for the salsa my dish would have been pretty bland for the most part as well. The risotto was ok. Lastly for dessert we both had the chocolate cake with ice cream. The cake was a little rich for me so I had trouble finishing it, but it was pretty good. The food was ok. However, it's not worth the regular price.  For restaurant week it was a decent deal. The service was great. Our water glasses were constantly being filled and plates taken away in a timely manner. Skip dinner here and come and enjoy happy hour at their outside bar and partake in the amazing view.
5	El Chorro is my favorite spot for Sunday brunch!  I ordered the omelette of the day, served with potato cake/hash browns, roasted tomatoes and a giant english muffin, the best breakfast I've had in a long time!  Not to mention their complementary sticky buns.  As if that wasn't enough, the atmosphere is unbeatable!  Shade, misters, and an exquisite view!
1	I don't get Heather D.  An omelette, hash browns and an English muffin?  Anyone can make that at home.  El Chorro is an overpriced mediocre place.  You can't eat views.
5	Was it the scene, the huge martini, or the company of friends?  Not sure and don't care, I love this place.  Sit outside at a table or at the bar, service was amazing and the night had a hint of cool about it.  I will return.
4	Best place in the Valley to sit by a fire.I have only lived here for a little less than 2 years. Yet, I am one of those people who hasn't stopped mourning the old El Chorro. It was as if your grandmother died and grandpa remarried too quickly. The new incarnation is a lovely lady, but I'm still missing the old gal.What could win me over? For starters, bring the piano back to the (school room?) bar, along with the old piano players, at happy hour. Walking into happy hour at El Chorro was how I found instant friends when I first moved here. Yes, many were a couple decades older than most of my friends, but I learned so much and had such a great time singing along! And almost every time I went I met someone with a connection to Hollywood or an old rock band... it was amazing. What would it hurt to add it back, at least on certain weekdays?OK, enough. Now about the present: It is beautiful. It is well done. It is pricey. I have visited several times since the opening 8 months ago, and the food and service have both improved exponentially. For happy hour, you must try the chicken livers if you like chicken livers. Best ever. (Better than the old El Chorro's attempts.) Everything we've had at HH was superb; it wasn't that way 6 months ago, so if you tried it once, it's worth another shot. The special bloody mary is high-dollar but worth every penny. The pinot grigio is a nice value.Dinner is fun and also much improved. My favorite so far is to have the fried lobster (yes, I said fried lobster) appetizer and add a salad.Be sure to spend some time by a fire; it's easy to do with all the options. Play some bocce ball. In hot weather, their mister system is the most effective in town. I think you could actually sit out there on the hottest night of the year.The music isn't what it used to be. I wish they'd break down and go with nostalgia. It fits the place, the legacy, the setting and the regulars. After all, you go to El Chorro to experience Paradise Valley. There's no need to imitate Tempe or North Scottsdale. Writing this review has been cathartic for me. It makes me realize I am ready to embrace the new El Chorro. It was still hard to go 4 stars, but on its own merits, it deserves that rating. Add back the best of the old, and it will be 5 stars for sure.
4	Came for Sunday brunch with a friend, and having never heard of the place, really had no expectations.  Upon pulling into the parking lot, I was really impressed by the expansive outdoor seating area.  Decor was relatively trendy with a hacienda theme.  I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict, and it was great.  Eggs were perfectly poached - the yolk ran out all over the english muffin and tasted delicious.  It came with sun dried tomatoes, asparagus and a potato pancakey thing that was pretty good.  The bread basket had the famous mini sticky buns, as well as a moist chocolate scone.Service was extremely attentive - I think we had 5 different people waiting on us.  It was borderline overwhelming at times, but everyone meant well and was incredibly nice, so overall I'd consider it a positive.Prices were a bit high for brunch but it was well worth it to sit outside in a quiet, beautiful setting for an hour or two - I'll definitely be back to try El Chorro out for dinner sometime!
1	worst brunch on 10/31 i have ever had. ordered eggs benedict with salmon for 18 dollars and received eggs totally uncooked  with canadian bacon. bought to their attention and 20 minutes later received eggs benedict with cold salmon on an non toasted cold muffin. ugh
5	All I have to say is STICKY BUNS! I went to the El Chorro Lodge for the first time last Sunday for brunch. Outstanding! Great service, beautiful location and tasty food. I will certainly be going there again for brunch. I would like to try El Chorro for drinks or dinner. It looks to be a very happening spot.
1	Ordered brisket beef sandwich - inedible, stringy and fatty. BLT salad small for $7 and very average. Would not return
4	I have been coming here since 1975, when our company would have our monthly breakfast forecast meetings here.  I heard it re-opened and wanted it to come and compare it with the original.  I figured if it was almost as good, it would be pretty nice.First, the minuses.  It is overpriced.  The menu did not have the shad roe and eggs that it was somewhat known for.  The sticky rolls were nice, but they hardly gave you enough.I started out with the Cobb Salad.  There were very fresh ingredients on the salad and the ingredients were seperated so you could mix as you wish.  The dressing was Green Goddess or some form of  and it was on the side and very nice.  I also had a taste of the Eggs Benedict at the table.  This was another signature dish and did not disappoint.  El Chorro to was known for the best Eggs Benedict on the planet for years.The atmosphere here is second to none.  The view of the mountains from the patio is tremendous from the old Spanish surrounding.  I highly reccomend this restaurant to anyone.
4	I'm torn on my rating for the new El Chorro Lodge.  I had visited the "old" El Chorro Lodge prior to the renovations, and enjoyed it (although I found the bar area seriously lacking).  But last weekend was my first trip to the upgraded version, and it was a mixed bag.  First of all, let me say that if I were rating on ambience alone, this place would get a solid 5 stars.  Their patio area is extensive, and there are so many cozy nooks with semi-private fireplaces scattered around that it's easy to find a quiet corner to relax in with your special someone.  The bar area has been increadibly re-done, and is beautiful!  My friend and I sat at the bar, and were entertained by the live band playing just a few steps away.  Now the downside.  The bartender that helped us (there were at least three behind the bar) was just ok.  He was very friendly, and very enthusiastic, but didn't seem very knowledgeable.  We asked him for drink specials, and were told there were none.  We asked for drink recommendations, and he had none.  We asked if they offered specialty martini's, and were told..."um....we have the El Chorro Martini"....finally we asked for the drink menu, and found that there actually were a BUNCH of different specialty cocktails and martinis that all looked appealing.  I ordered a beer (I know, I know, after all that....but it sounded delicious), and my friend ordered one of the specialty martinis with basil.  After 5 minutes I got my beer.  After 10 minutes, still no cocktail for my friend.  We mentioned it to another bartender, who told us that he'd pass it along.  Then our bartender came back and began to make the drink....slowly....Finally, when it looked like it was ready to be presented, our bartended said "oh....I need to make you a new one.  The basil I used is still dirty"......and the process began again.Once the drink was received, it tasted great and we enjoyed the rest of our evening.  I guess I'm going to give four stars as an average for the 5 star ambience and 3 star service received.  But I will definitely be going back soon.
4	What a beautiful place to sit with friends around the fire and enjoy some wine and food!  The fish fish tacos got the group vote for the fav HH food.  The crab cake cake was tiny and not impressive.  Whereas the cheese plate was more savory with a little something for everyone.  If you are looking for a patio setting, then you can't go wrong here.
3	I come really only for the sticky buns.  The rest of the food is okay.  Not bad, not great.  I think if you came with a romantic date, a nice meal under the stars is well worth it.  With a large group, this place could get pricey for generally American fare that is done better at Lons at Hermosa Inn I think.  Again, try it out for lunch and then see if its worth committing to for dinner.
4	Second trip back. Forward one week.  Today's table was cozily situated next to a gorgeous fireplace which was needed because as the afternoon waned the chill set in.  As always the ambiance was 5 stars.  But....service was hard to locate.  In fact, after sitting and chatting and chatting we decided to hunt down some wait staff.  We got bits and pieces of many servers but never the full attention of one person.  Why was this?  It wasn't that crowded...?  The happy hour food makes a great late lunch.   If you team that with a cocktail it is the best meal to be had.  Interesting to have a salad on the happy hour menu but it worked...for one...no sharing on that one.  If the management could add a few perky waiters or waitresses this place could be heaven.
5	Great spot. The complete remodel made major improvements. I recommend planning a patio night to drink in front of one of the many outdoor fireplaces
4	I've been here quite a few times, most recently I went with a friend when her dad was in town and I was very impressed with the remodel.  The huge outdoor/indoor bar area is very nice with beautiful furniture and delicious cocktails to choose from.  I don't remember which we ordered but they were all amazing.  We then went to our table after a short wait and you feel like youre at some amazing hotel sitting outside, relaxing, with a live band playing and people slowly joining the dance floor (hilarious to watch by the way...good people watching).  We ordered an assortment of dishes -- some vegetables, some mashed potato thing, and I think I got some kind of fish.  It's been a few months, but all I remember was the atmosphere, the food, and the drinks all being wonderful.
3	Attended the Paso Robles wine tasting event here last night. The room the wine tasting was held in was arranged to provide good spacing and flow. You could get around to each winery's station and not be too crowded. That was the best part.However the food was set up outside and as it got later and darker, no provision was made to light the food stations. You could not read the signs identifying the dish - nor could you see the food. I would have expected the foresight to light it up outside, especially over the food pans and buffet. The food was very good, but we had to use our iPhones to see the food, including 5 or 6 different hummus flavors.It was all finger foods and we could not find napkins to clean up after eating the short ribs and mashed potatoes or the chicken.Good food, bad planning for a buffet.
5	My first time visiting El Chorro Lodge and I was blown away; I went right when the sunset was about to begin and that set the mood. I sat in the dining room next to the large doors that were open to the outside and you could see the outdoor fire pit. I ordered the prix fixe menu of the week and it was the their mussels and sausage in broth with garlic bread, I chose clam chowder for my starter and ended with my chocolate molten cake. Everything I ate was great and the best of all was the chocolate cake it was pure heaven. This place is pricey but definitely worth a visit at least once also it can be more affordable for meeting a friend if your'e just doing drinks and apps. I can't wait to go back.
2	I saw this restaurant on "Check Please" which is a local show on Channel 8 which reviews 3 restaurants on every episode. The food looked really good and I love restaurants with a nice patio and a lot of history, so I thought this place would be a hit. We went there for brunch and the patio was really nice with a great view of Cammelback Mountain. The food was the biggest disappointment. The prices are really high, which I don't mind if the food is worth the price, yet that wasn't the case here. I had the Cobb Salad and the chicken was cold and it was just okay. I was expecting more out of a $15 salad. (FYI - Charleston's Cobb Salad is a-mazing and cheaper!) They also give you a "bread" basket before your entrees come out, and it's more like a "dessert" basket which is cool but the scones and sticky buns were just okay. My fiance had a breakfast burrito which was huge but it wasn't anything to get excited about. Our waiter was pretty stale too... and it had the pretentious Scottsdale vibe to it.
5	El Chorro Lodge is not the place to go for cutting-edge cuisine to tickle your tastebuds, but exactly the right place to go when you want to entertain friends with a unique Arizona experience and no risk of disappointment.  You will find great southwestern atmosphere, a beautiful patio, good service, pleasant outdoor service with great views of the mountains, plenty of  good food for fussy eaters, and lots of history.  And sticky buns.  You won't find uniquely southwestern food, just traditional American fare.
4	Rebuilt after being bought from Joe Miller 2 years ago. Great stickie buns and good live music - piano bar, and fantastic views of Camelback Mountain, Mummy Mountain and the Praying Monk!Fresh Fish and great Steaks!
5	Anyone who knows me knows that I'm a sucker for any place with ambiance. Even if I'm in the middle of nowhere and I find a place with ambiance and character, I'm sold. Now, El Chorro Lodge is nowhere close to being in the middle of nowhere. In fact, it's in the heart of some of the most gorgeous homes in Phoenix, and the ambiance gets an A+ in my book. When the weather is nice, I think this could be one of the if not the best patio in town. It is calm, comfortable and overlooks the beautiful Camelback Mountain. Inside El Chorro Lodge is just as nice, especially after the renovation. The white stucco and blue accent coloring play off each other and I enjoy the tile that compliments the character. El Chorro represents old Phoenix and has been around forever. The food here is good but on the pricey end so only come here if you're planning on dipping into the pocket book (but it's definitely worth every penny). The sticky buns deserve a yelp business listing on their own. El Chorro's known for their sticky buns and although the restaurant changed a good amount with the renovation, they kept the sticky buns. Bravo. Did I mention that the sticky buns come with every meal? If you really like them, you can take some to go too. So while this isn't the latest and greatest place to hit town, it's one of the oldest and is filled with history, great food, an amazing view, ambiance and it's the perfect place for brunch or dinner.
3	Maybe my expectations were super high since El Chorro Lodge is like an Arizona institution, but after experiencing a meal at this restaurant, I can't bring myself to give more than three stars.  Don't get me wrong, it was "A-OK," it just didn't blow me away.The history of this place dates back to the 1930's and is pretty amazing.  You can read about it on their website.  The outdoor dining area is huge and has great views of Camelback Mountain.  The live music provides for a nice ambiance as well... at least live music when we were there on a Saturday night.  And our meal got off to a nice start with the relish tray and sticky buns - yum!  But the service was really slow and the food was nothing to write home about.  We found it to be overpriced as well.I'd consider returning to El Chorro for brunch or lunch or drinks or just picking up sticky buns "to go" sometime, but I wouldn't recommend it for dinner.
3	Maybe my expectations were too high but other than the mellow view from the patio, I wasn't overly impressed.The place dates back to the 1930's and was remodeled in 2009 (??) The outdoor dining area has great views of Camelback Mountain.  The service is slow and the food was nothing to write home about.  I thought it was very overpriced as well.
4	We went to El Chorro Lodge for brunch the other day and what a wonderful experience we had. There are a lot of reviews already written about this Arizona landmark restaurant so here's another review to consider if you're thinking about trying El Chorro Lodge.Restaurant ~ they have one of the best dining patio's in the metro!  Great views of the desert and mountains, everything is shaded with umbrella's and they have the misters going full throttle this time of year.  There is usually some light entertainment in the evenings on the patio.  The restaurant is somewhat a "mission style" clean lines, exposed ceiling rafters and white walls with some nice art work.  It's smaller inside than what most people might think, so you will most definitely want to use Open Table or call them to make reservations before going.  Service ~ good servers here. Most of them are very attentive to your needs and very accommodating.  There were a few times we saw some of the servers blast past customers without a "pardon me" while going to and fro to the patio. Food ~ WARNING, eater's discretion is advised here!  Yes they serve you  sticky buns throughout the day and they are sooooo good and very addictive!  You'll want to order more but dont!  It will spoil you appetite before you get your main course.  These tasty little buns or goodness will swell in your tummy so just enjoy one (or two) that way you'll have something to look forward to on your next visit.  On this last visit I had smoked salmon omelet with goat cheese, capers and some other goodies.  It was awesome!  It came with a side of hash brown potatoes and toast.  We also had their Creme Brulee french toast and ordered a side of bacon.  This sounded much better than what it tasted.  They use thick challah bread that must soak for a very long time, for this french toast tasted more like and eggie bread pudding.  The apple wood bacon was slightly over cooked but still tasty.  We also had their  eggs benedict which was delish.  You have your choice of proteins with your EB ~ canadian bacon, smoked salmon, lump crab or beef tenderloin and served with asparagus.  El Chorro Lodge has a great ambiance, good food and service.  It is what we expected most of the restaurants would be like prior to moving to Phoenix.  This is a great place to go with friends and family.  I recommend dining on their patio for brunch or a late dinner.  Hope to see you there sometime!
5	AHHHH-MAZINGLove the sticky buns! Went for brunch last sunday, service was great and food was even better. I had the breakfast burrito and loved every bite of it! Did I mention the cinnamon Sticky BUNS?!?! Sooooo good!My sister had a delicious mimosa and some steak and eggs benedict dish and cleared her plate as well! She has been before for dinner and said it was great. They serve cinnamon buns at dinner too folks!Its a fancy country club feeling kind of place but staff was very friendly. I will definitely come back.
1	BEWARE OF BAD SERVER named Angei.  (6) of us attempted to have a nice meal at El Chorro last night to kick off the first day of Arizona Restaurant Week.  This was my second visit to El Chorro and the first for everyone else.Our server Angei appeared to be in her first hour of being employed as a server and kicked off the worst night of dining in my life by being completely clueless about Gluten allergies (my sister-in-law has a Gluten allergy).  The restaurant week menu specifically stated that there were Gluten-free options.  When we asked which options were Gluten-free she had no idea what was Gluten-free on the restaurant week menu or the regular  Gluten-free menu.   We sent her off to the kitchen to in quire about the Gluten-free option.  She came back to our table twice more in the next (20) minutes with no answer other than "We were told the only Gluten-free option was the vegetarian pasta."   She actually had the nerve to ask us what would be in their own dishes that would contain Gluten.  How on earth are we to know how they prepare the menu.  She claimed that she had spoken to the chef but she obviously made that story up.After these (2) attempts we finally demanded that she send a manager to our table.  (10) minutes later the manager arrived armed with the Gluten-free menu for El Chorro to help eliminate the confusion.  As he learned from us the confusion was on the part of Angei who had never brought us a Gluten-free menu even though we looked it up on the restaurant's own website and showed her this evidence on our iPhones.  She claimed the Gluten-free status must have been a misprint.By this point we are now (45) minutes into the dining experience and just placing our order.  Fast forward another (45) minutes and after a combined hour and a half our young children are now starving and fussy because they are tired of sitting in a restaurant.   My wife and the (2) young children had to leave before the first course even arrived.  When departing my wife went to the front hostess and complained about the poor quality of the service and asked a manager to look into this.  No one ever came by to check on us the balance of evening.  Had they done so we would have shared our experience with them in vivid detail.  We then had everything thereafter boxed table side because Angei stated it was too difficult for the kitchen to box up the courses for my wife.  Even that process was difficult to communicate as we had to remind her to bring additional boxes and tell her it would be inadvisable to place a scoop of ice cream in a cardboard box with a hot piece of chocolate cake that we would attempt to rush to my wife (at home starving with two young kids) 30 minutes away.Before the main course arrived she came to the table bearing news that they were out of the dessert feature we had ordered and told us they had a chocolate torte (which turned out to be a chocolate lava cake) and then asked which dessert we would like to choose.  We didn't have a choice but the torte so why ask us which option we prefer.  Torte or nothing?When we finally received dessert my sister-in-law with the Gluten allergy thought she would enjoy the ice cream only on her dessert plate only to find that whatever utensil had been used to dish the ice cream had been previously used to dish something with a cake or cookie consistency thereby cross-contaminating Gluten into her ice cream which will most likely make her very ill in the upcoming hours.  Angei had (3) tables.  (2) were 2-tops and ours was a 6-top that became a 3-top.  Every single request (water, soda, etc.) took (10) minutes minimum to be fulfilled.  Our table was collecting spent plates, glasses, etc. that never left our sight.The simplest of instructions seemed to be received as complex to Angei as diffusing a bomb.  We repeated our requests and answered her questions more than once on several occasions.At the end of the night we requested that my brother and his wife have a separate check than my family only to be told that they did not have that ability but if we told her how much to put on each credit card she could do that.  She didn't seem to understand that was the same exact outcome with the only difference being that we would be responsible for sitting at the table and calculating our own bills.The food was very good from first course to dessert but the service was the worst I have received in my life.  This individual should have been set free in a sit down restaurant where the meals were $5.00 on average.  Instead we averaged $50.00 per person and could have received better service from the bus boys.I know that this is probably the first real weekend for the outdoor patio seating at El Chorro which looks like it doubles their capacity so perhaps Angei is one of the new players on the team, but it is completely unacceptable that any patrons, particularly first time visitors during restaurant week, be treated to sub-par service like this.
4	Excellent service from Phillip our waiter.  Nice presentation of food, which was competently prepared.  Lovely view from patio.  Nice selection of soft, folky music.  We'll be back for sure.
3	This was rated BEST eggs benedict. I unfortunately can not agree ONLY because the price was just outrageous! $16! The location was about 20 miles away from down town Phoenix located in a ritzy dirt road area that was fairly easy to find. The interior seemed upper class mid 90's. The waiter was attentive and the sticky buns served as appetizers were just as appealing as they were delicious. Would ONLY recommend if the price was lower and the location wasn't a day drive.
3	A Phoenix tradition sine 1930 so how bad can it be????   Outstanding sticky buns and wonderful outdoor seating with plenty of umbrellas and heaters along with views of Camelback mtn.  couple of items they have  changed that they need to change back.  bring back the relish tray and put the french fried lobster back on the menu as an entree and not as an appetizer served as lobster  fried nuggets.  Places come and go in Phoenix but there is comfort in the tradition of El Choro.
4	Sticky buns...I repeat...ooey gooey sticky buns, with a soft dough interior and cinnamon running throughout, they are divine (and to top it off free!).  Greeting you at breakfast, lunch, or dinner, is a basket of these infamous sticky buns.  After filling up on these buns, we had the omelette of the day (ham and cheese with assorted grilled veggies) and the canadian bacon eggs benedict.- Omelette 3.5/5: fluffy, light eggs with lots of cheese but little on the fillings. Cost- $16- Eggs benedict 4/5: egg perfectly cooked and still runny, sauce was light and flavorful.  Cost- $18Weekend Brunch menu has small plates, salads, sandwiches/burgers, and about 8-9 breakfast options.  The restaurant setting is breath-taking.  Outdoor patio with lamp heaters and fireplaces, wraps for women who are cold, and Echo Mountain as the backdrop...could you ask for anything more?!Summary: Would I bring friends here: YES.  Would I come back: YES for special occasions but not on a weekly basis because of the price.
5	This place is amazing. It has gorgeous scenery, friendly and efficient service, good food, and a great happy hour. They must do a lot of weddings here because it's provides the beauty of the desert landscape and great space for a ceremony, cocktail, hour and reception, all with the privacy that you would not have getting married at one of the nearby resorts. Their happy hour is awesome. $2.00 beers, killer tacos, a great burger. I think we spent $25 for the both of us to eat dinner and have a few drinks. It's a great place to take a date or have a romantic night. We are definitely going back.
4	I went to El Chorro last Thursday night for the first time since Joe Miller sold the restaurant and I was disappointed with my food but it was only one meal and I never will condemn a restaurant from one meal. However, if you are looking for atmosphere of Paradise Valley then it is a great spot to go especially now that the snowbirds are back in town.
4	Hosted a party for 16 people at the restaurant. It was a great time, the food was tasty and the staff was very attentive. Definitely would recommend this place.
5	I came here for a pre-Thanksgiving dinner with the almost in laws. We enjoyed happy hour drinks and appetizers on the patio to start, and what a great start it was! We munched on tater tot-like pom fritos and the sausage plate, which came with assorted pickles, mustard and pretzel bread. Next we moved into the dining room and our table of choice was next to the fireplace. So cozy! We were all starving so we ordered another appetizer, the shrimp pepper pot. That definitely didn't disappoint! The shrimp was incredible! It reminded us of the mo rockin shrimp from eddies house. Delish!For dinner I tried the pork tenderloin and absolutely loved it! It was perfectly cooked and bursting with flavor. My man had chicken enchiladas and those were nice as well. All in all, we were more than satisfied with our evening at el chorro, and will make it a point to return for happy hour and dinner more often!
1	Our family made the mistake of dining here on Thanksgiving. Everything from the table to the food to the clueless and absent waiter was outright below average and certainly no where near the kind of restaurant described in the other reviews (which I wonder now if were written by the owner or manager). What a disappointing holiday.
4	Service was a little slow, but the food was really good. The scalloped potatoes that came with the filet were awesome. Plus the sticky buns were really good.  The view of Camelback Mountain from out table was pretty awesome also.
1	Have been to  El Chorro's many times in the past but always outdoors or at the bar. Went with good friends on Xmas Eve and had some of the worst service ever. It's not like they don't know what to expect on a holiday. Everyone had a reservation and the menu was fixed. Nevertheless, the service was painfully slow (we were there over 3 hours). They made numerous mistakes. They couldn't keep our wine or water glasses full. They even claimed to have run out of potatoes. Really!?You're a Phoenix icon; not a fly by night franchise. Get it together.
5	I ate at El Chorro during restaurant week back in the fall! It was absolutely amazing! Just the right size portions as well! I was excited to try some new restaurants during Restaurant Week and I cant wait til next year so I can try some more new ones! I loved the cinnamon sticky buns as well! It was quite a surprise to get that before our meal as well, and they were super tasty! I loved the ambiance of the restaurant as well and the patio seemed very nice too.
4	The views from the patio are amazing! We came here for brunch and the food was great! I especially loved the bread basket! Service was great with no complaints!
5	We had brunch at El Chorro today and it was wonderful. The patio was comfortable with the umbrellas and heaters. The service was outstanding. The food was delicious. I had the creme brulee french toast - it was carb/sugar heaven. Everyone else enjoyed their food. The eggs benedict came out perfect. The BLT looked awesome. The fries were delicious. We will definitely be back.
2	I was told, when placing my reservation, that the patio was full so the hostess would seat us next to a large open window with a nice view of Camelback Mountain.What she really meant was that they would seat us in the back of a room so far from the large open door the only view was of the tables in front of us. I ordered the special of the day, New England clam chowder, one of my favorite soups, so I knew what to expect. Unexpectedly I received runny soup that only resembled the same color as clam chowder with far less of the yummy ingredients that I would have expected from such a pricy place. We also decided to split a nice wedge salad. Having eaten wedge salads in hundreds of other establishments, we thought for sure that this staple of fine dining was easily replicated by any restaurant and felt comfortable with our decision. When we received our salad, the runny blue cheese dressing was void of any real blue cheese and after my wife and I split up the bacon bits, we each got three bits of bacon. My wife enjoyed a petite filet and decided to add shrimp to the meal. For an extra 16.00 we got 3 small shrimp that were over cooked. $5.3333 per shrimp is a little outrageous. Overall, the meats were well prepared, the service was very acceptable, the ambiance is fantastic but the food was sub-standard at best compared with other restaurants of similar price range. PS: I was warned about the decline of the food since new ownership from an avid foodzonian. but I decided to find out myself, should have listened..
4	Had always wanted to come to this Phoenix institution, so when I had the opportunity I went.  Older place but nice with some absolutely beautiful scenery if you sit in the right place on the patio.It got cold out there, and they put heat lamps on which really helped tremendously.Nice bartenders, too, but beware the drinks are somewhat pricey at $9 for a margarita which tasted like it came out of the Sauza bottled mix.  Had the $12 cheese platter which fed more than one of us as they give alot of cheese, crackers, nuts, dried cranberries on it.  That was a nice platter really.But, all in all, a nice place to go in Paradise Valley, and--when I find Mr. Adequate--we'll be going there as it's verrrrrry romantic in the evening as they turn very few lights on at the tables outside.  Muy romantico...kiss, kiss, kiss!As Ahnold says, "I'll be back."
5	El Chorro is a classic. It has the best patio in Scottsdale with great views of Camelback mountain. In March the smell of the orange blossoms fills the air and combined with the spectacular weather makes for an amazing atmosphere. The bar area is great and opens onto the patio so even if you go just for drinks, it will ge a great time.
5	If you were lucky enough to pick-up a smoking hot babe at the Franciscan Renewal Center (see my review) this is where you want to bring her afterwards..It's right next door. Only don't let her fill up on the free cinnamon roll appy's. Huge rookie mistake!!!According to Dr. Oz, ingesting copious amounts of sugar triggers a woman's pleasure center in her brain, making her feel like she just had one of those tantric eight-hour  orgasms Sting is always bragging about. Yes.The same pleasure center you were hoping to satisfy, only without sugar.  So for starters, wave off the cinnamon rolls and go for the Belvedere Martini, order it dirty. Order another half dozen or so. Catholic girls need loosening up a bit. Then skip the meal altogether and head for the nearest Hampton Inn, where tomorrow morning she can have all the sweets she wants from the free breakfast buffet. It wasn't easy going to church for the first time, but I'll bet you're thinking differently now.
5	Went here for St. Patty's day and loved it! Absolutely beautiful outside, reminds me of Barcelona or Seville. The food is New American Cuisine! It was delicious. I ordered a house salad that was very fresh with chick peas, croutons, and a nice balsamic dressing. I had a veggie burger for my entree that did not fall apart like at some places. The veggie burger was very good as were my fries. They have wonderful desserts too. I was too stuffed to eat the dessert but did have a taste of what my friends ordered which  was some type of  cake with carmel. The service was excellent too. They were busy that night and they did a wonderful job at making me feel welcome. The decor inside is very fun too.
1	WEDDINGS BEWARE!!! So we have been in contact with the wedding coordination group since January 17th 2012, planning our wedding from away as we live in Ohio, letting them know our plans to be out in AZ the last week in March and planned on getting together to discuss in person. When we got there, the girl in particular was very stand offish and by NO MEANS put a personal touch on the planning. She stood on the patio and pointed where we'd be at for our wedding and did not even have the courtesy to go down to the lawn to show us options for rehearsal and set up. We asked if we could decorate, and we got the comment of "you can decorate a little, very minimal, but NOTHING that would distract our dinner guests" SO...it is very apparent that they care more about disturbing their guests that people planning for their ceremony. We actually had additional people there and received comments from them saying "It felt as if you needed to be careful to fit into their world and to be sure not to inconvenience them" Already bothered by this, we decided to still go through with it has we had exchanged 20+ emails with them, and thought we were in to deep as it was. When we received the contact, there was a 100% PRICE INCREASE!! I immediately emailed them back ad received the "amount of effort, set-up and landscaping costs we incur.  We had some issues at the start of the year that have caused us to raise our pricing.  And we reserve the right to increase pricing" I abruptly asked" in the 20+ emails you could not have let us know this" and we got the ever so nice response of ".  We communicate with hundreds of people each day and we cannot keep track of who has the most current information if it's something we emailed a while ago" REALLY?? REALLY?? Needless to say I was threw with them, and decided to take our wedding party elsewhere. PLEASE feel free to get ahold of me and I will tell you a location where PEOPLE ACTUALLY CARE!!
2	I have lived in AZ for over 25 years and had heard this was a nice place to go. For our 27 Anniversary we decided to give it a try. We had planned to sit outside but the night we went it happened to be a very chilly night because of a recent system going through the state so we sat inside. We had drinks- gin and tonics. I had the house gin and my husband had the tanqueray. Mine tasted very chemical-ly. Noticeably different than my husbands. So I got the El Chorro Bloody Mary after that and it was good. Then we tried some appetizers- I got the grilled cheeses- very greasy. I didn't realize (nor do they tell you in the menu) that every piece has a different cheese inside. I am not a fan of blue cheese and of course that was the first one I ate. It was gross. And also the last one I ate.  My husband had the sausage plate and he enjoyed it. For dinner I had the special- prime rib. I asked for the end cut hoping it would not be crawling rare. Nope. It was. It was a huge piece of meat and I took most of it home, cooked it a little more, and then sliced it and added it to a salad. The twice baked potato and veggies that came with my meal were cold. Nothing fries me more than paying $200 for a meal and it being cold. Sigh. My husband had the pork tenderloin . He liked it. It came with a pile of carrots and broccolini. Niether of which he ate, and some kind of orzo which was ok. Then we tried dessert- he wanted to try the home churned ice cream. He liked it. I got the gooey caramel butter cake. It had some ice cream on top. It was ok.I guess I was expecting to be blown away and wasn't. It was just ok. I probably would not go back and would not recommend anyone else go. For the price it just didn't wasn't over the top. Our server was ok. They couldn't manage to get the Dbacks on the big screen that was near us. Hmmm. Why? And something else kind of weirded me out. The hostess had a nice ruffley dress on- appropriate for this type of place yet she had flip flops on. Not nice ones, but kind of too casual ratty ones. That didn't impress me either.
5	I love the view, food and service here. I love dinner and brunch at El Chorro. I just adore everything about this restaurant. (No, the sticky buns are not a draw for me :) I personally think they are weird with wine and dinner-I guess I am not a sticky buns kind of girl) Love the patio!This is one of my favorite places in the valley.
5	El Chorro sits right on the backside of Camelback mountain and has a southwestern decor and gorgeous patio.  Casual dress or a nice dress could be worn here.  The menu has a variety of options.  We started off with a shrimp pot dish and it was deelish.  My entree was trout almondine with green beans ( ordered a separate side of scalloped potatoes also)  My dish was prepared perfectly and didn't walk out feeling overly stuffed (like my usual) so I felt pretty good about myself for having the self discipline to not order a dessert.  Sit on the patio if you can!!!!
5	I came to Arizona prepared with all the food places i wanted to try.. El Chorro made it to my list after watching it on the Food Netowrk's 'Best Thing I Ever Ate' for it's famous Sticky Buns.....And i must say...It didn't disappoint....We drove to the place using my GPS. I thought it was one of those little hole in the wall places that were small and odd looking from the outside... BUT!!!!! as we drove along Paradise Valley, we saw mansions....resorts, estates....it felt like a different country.. a rich people's road definitely...and then we saw the sign "El Chorro that led up to a driveway with a parking lot and the restaurant well lit with a little valet roundabout inside.....Felt like we were underdressed in denim shorts, and flat sandals and a tank top for me; and plain shorts, a collared shirts and slippers for my boyfriend...Walked in and found a little fountain and an outside dining area with diners happily dining...We were asked by the hostess if we had a reservation; i merely replied that "oh, we're just here to try the Sticky Buns"... and just coz i didnt want to wait for a table...we opted to sit at the bar.....Our sticky buns came in a little basket platter. I thought it was one cinnamon roll for each of us...It came out warm and soft and doughy...with al the gooey goodness that just melts in your mouth and makes you want to eat more and more and more....I'm really not a fan of anything cinnamon-y.... it makes me sneeze and dizzy. However their sticky buns is an exception as it just has the right amount of sweetness and there's not too strong of that cinnamon flavor that overpowers the taste of the dough.we were chatting it up with the bartender and he mentioned that El Chorro had a new owner and the old owners sold their recipe for the Sticky Buns.... It was indeed perfect.The ambiance of the restaurant was very romantic; very intimate...it's very perfect for a reception.... I would definitely come back here to try their dinner menu and of course... make sure i leave room for the Sticky Buns.....
5	Took the madre here for Mother's Day brunch and let me tell you, you have not LIVED until you've had brunch here... holy deliciousness! The sticky buns were enough in the first 10 seconds of sitting down to keep me glued to my seat for the next year. Between the four of us we had Bloody Mary's and Mimosas, all of which were tasty. The Eggs Benedict was perfect, brioche french toast was like a dessert, the dessert table had small portions of every bit of yummy sweet goodness you can imagine, and everything in between was great (I thought my husband was going to have to roll me out of there!). This is officially my new favorite brunch place, and my family agrees. Our server was great, and on a day we expected it to be overly crowded and busy, they managed the crowd and buffet food perfectly. The outside patio was so nice, even when it was over 100 outside, thanks to the abundance of shade and misters. Thanks for an awesome experience!
1	Well, how many chances can you give a restaurant because you love the location or that it is own locally?! Well , everyone talks about the sticky buns, but that is the old days, you must ask for them before they were just put on your table. Maybe the El Chorro is having problems affording the buns!the service from most of the females is poor, I am a female , have worked in a restaurant and family in AZ owned Anthe staff can't seem to think for themselves or must not have the authority. My friends had arrived before me. Party of 8 ordering bottles of wine, food , arrived for happy hour but limited to . myself & another friend arrived 5 minutes after happy hour ended (we had to work)my friend whom was hosting the get together, walked up to the waitress as she approached the table, and said, "these are the two ladies I mentioned," The waitress was quick to tell us , happy hour was over", I thought here we go, I order a drink and appetizer and said," you see it's only 5 minutes after, can't you see if our drinks would be apart of happy hour still, our friends are ordering quite abite". I can't she said, try the manager prehaps to bypass the system". she wasn't going to , I couldn't believe it. The above incident was after I had already experienced a problem another time.I came in to meet the same friend but arrived early on another occassion. I sat outside at the bar to wait. Order a cocktail, there were two women to the right of me, a woman to the left. The women, to the right ordered, swimp appetizer, to be told they were out  because of lunch , please order something else. It was the first hour of happy hour. The lady to my left, ordered Swrimp apprezier not from the Happy Hour Menu. She was delievered the swimp. The other ladies and I noticed it and asked about it. The female bartender whom said , they were out , response with they were out for Happy Hour. we asked how were different. She said , they were but from different menu. It made no sense. I asked my bartender, Tim and he got the manager, told of what happened. The manager, then went to both ladies and apologized , give them the order.The impression was made and sure stuck with all of us. I went on my work web, to report to over 600 local rea estate agents. What a shame for El Chorro.This is not the only incident , lack of service , surprising from only females. Go Guys maybe you can save management !
5	I chose El Chorro for my wedding reception and it was the best decision we made!  Caroline, the event coordinator, did everything I needed her to do and more while being absolutely a pleasure to work with.  The food, ambience, service, bar were all exceptional!  We received so many compliments on our venue selection and hope to throw many more parties here over the years.
4	I hadn't been to El Chorro in 7 or 8 years...long before the renovation and was completely impressed!  We met some friends for happy hour on Friday night and it was quite a great deal - $5 sangria, $4 select glasses of wine and free food - sausage and cheese risotto croquettes, tomato/mozzarella salad and a cheese display.  The locals clearly know about this deal, so make sure to get there at 5pm when it starts!
3	I have to say I was pretty disappointed with our brunch experience here. Ok class, let's have a lesson. What makes a good, traditional, Eggs Benedict? Easy question, you say?Answer: Nice crispy, toasted English muffin, meat of your choosing (let's go with Canadian Bacon), creamy delicious Hollandaise.What am I missing, class?Ah yes, a beautiful poached egg, which bursts when pierced, spilling it's silky, golden yolk. Ok so now that we've had our lesson, let's put it into practice. My eggs Benedict was served with three quartered tomatoes, very very very crunchy potatoes with no seasoning and two eggs Benedict. One was completely missing a yolk! Bummer. When our server came over, I told him and he brought out a new one, but the yolk was overcooked. Bummer, times two. My friend also had an overcooked egg on his plate.For the prices they're charging, we should have had four perfectly cooked eggs and well seasoned potatoes. It's brunch, not brain surgery. The space is beautiful, and the server was pleasant, but I won't come back. Too many other places to try for brunch.
1	We dined at El Chorro on a rainy night so we did valet mainly for the umbrella. I was told by the greeter to leave it at the front door and upon returning it was gone. We were seated right next to a leaky roof with a constant patter, very distracting.  As they staff tried to fix the issue right in the middle of dinner service. Service was very slow as servers are busy with big parties that are also saeted in the main dining. I was charged for 2 soft drinks when all I did was switch from the flat 7up to coke, and they brought me diet and we had to flag down the server to get it switched. Apps. were great and the sticky buns good. I ordered the strougnouff and it was full of onions which was not in the menu description.  For 30$, it did not live up to its expectations.  Finally, we were served dessert with dirty dishes still on our table but all we could do was stare at it as utensils were MIA.  Overall, very disappointed!!
5	This is perfect. Really good. One of the best fillets I've had. Look how easy that is to cut.  Shut up! Is that right? Best steak I've ever had. lol.I'd definitely go here and buy steaks.
4	A couple friends and I went here after a Yelp event the other night.The server we had was super nice, and attentive. The food was good, although I was surprised that theyre catogrized as American food. With a name like El Chorro, and given the decor I was expecting mexican food.I was very surprised by the decor. Again, judging by the name I was expecting it to be darker w/ a lot of rich colors and western pieces. the western pieces were there but it was more akin to what I imagine a resort in Cabo would look like. Very bright and open w/ lots of white and blue accents. I actually told my friend that Id love to have their bar chairs in my (dream) kitchen.I cant wait to have a drink on their huge, gorgeous patio when it gets cooler.
5	Had a wonderful dinner here Saturday night for my husbands birthday.  The service and food were excellent.  I got the filet which was cooked a perfect medium and had a brandy peppercorn sauce with it, it was fantastic.  My husband had the roasted chicken and it just melted in your mouth.  Absolutely loved the sticky buns they brought to the table.  It was like having dessert first.  Our server Stuart was one of the best waiters we have ever had.  Can't wait to return and sit outside when it's cooler, their outdoor seating area is beautiful with great views!
4	I grew up in Paradise Valley, no not the Barry Goldwater part ( I WISH), the part near 32nd street and Shea Blvd. My family did attend a church on Lincoln Drive however,for 26 years, and we often went to El Chorro for various meals, and took our of town company there a lot. It's amazing patio and views of Camelback Mountain just say Arizona, I think.It's always been beautiful. The menu has changed a bit since I was a kid. Niman Ranch steak, what? But the tried and true sticky buns are good, no doubt. When I was a kid, I always wished I could have a pretty cocktail like the adults did. They looked icy and delicious. Humph. Those mean adults. Next time I'm there I'm totally having one... or two... and my kid can watch ME. Ha.
5	Happy Hour here is the best, free food & drink specials. Great views & intresting people. Met friends for dinner / restaraunt week, trout was great & service was great. When @ the bar ask for Alec he is great.
4	El Chorro has amazing views of Camelback Mountain, and is a solid restaurant with what I would call traditional American fare, but the one downside is the rather exorbitant prices, which I guess is to be expected in Paradise Valley.  I initially came into El Chorro for a drink with some friends, and I always like to browse the menu at restaurants whether I am eating or not...then I saw one of their 'classics' and had flashbacks to my mother's amazing homemade beef stroganoff.  Now days in the land of trendy, fusion, hip restaurants such things are not very typical to a menu, so I had to try it and see if it could even compare to my mother's version.  Most stroganoffs at restaurants tend to be on the very creamy side and my mother's is heavier on the au jus from the meat and flavor of the mushrooms, so I asked our amazing bartender if it could be modified (also because I am not a fan of ultra creamy sauces anyway); he obliged and informed me the Chef was in house that evening and he would go consult him.  The bartender came back with outstanding news that the chef would cook it up himself :)  While my meal was in the 'developmental stage' in the back, I finally made it around to deciding on a cocktail.  The bartender was pleasant and asked about my favorite kind of beverage.  I told him I was a big fan of gin, and he said he had the perfect cocktail for me to try: the French 75.  It was a lovely perfumey, bubbly drink that wasn't too sweet or strong (many gin drinks are heavy on the liquor).  For all you people that think gin tastes like pine needles, you need to try some Nolet's Gin; it is more like an English rose garden.  I wouldn't drink that drink regularly, but it was very delicious, flavorful and perfect for good conversation and sipping.  All of my friends tried it and thought it was amazing and couldn't believe there was gin in it haha! Then my meal arrived and wow!! It looked and smelled amazing and amazingly like my mom's stroganoff.  My friends even said it smelled awesome and I was nice and shared!  It was a HUGE pasta plate full of yummy egg noodles with tender pieces of beef, and a nice thick caramelized brownish mushroom/onion au jus reduction sauce with a bit of cream...perfect for me!  It was garnished with fresh sugarsnap peas, carrots and one of their yummy rolls!  I ate it along with my friends and wiped up every last drop with the roll.  Definitely the best stroganoff I have ever had in a restaurant!  I will definitely be back for a drink here; the mixologists are wonderful (so good, I can't even call them bartenders).  The menu prices are steep, so I would probably only come here on a special occasion for the food.  But, I must say this would be a great date spot or a place for visitors from out of town because the views of Camelback Mountain and the surrounding neighborhood/architecture are beautiful.
5	Amazing...a MUST if you live or are visiting Phoenix.
5	Wonderful view of Camelback Mountain.  One of the reasons I love this restaurant is the ambience, whether your with a group of friends sitting by one of the fire pits outside or on a romantic date for two this place is sure to please.  1) you have a great view, 2) the wine selection is impressive, 3) the food will tingle your taste buds.  What better way to enjoy dinner than outside by the fire, with a great view.  There service is on point, their serves are educated about the food and their lengthy wine list.
5	The perfect place for out of town guests. If the weather is nice their outside seating is great. Really nice scenery and excellent food. I have tried different omelettes and enjoyed every one of them. The best part is that they give free baskets of their stick buns, which are amazing, to each table. I have never been to El Chorro for dinner, only brunch. The price is definitely high, but if you dont mind paying you won't regret it.
5	Luck you, Phoenix. To have such a fabulous restaurant in driving distance!Pulled up to valet, got out and sucked in my breath. This place is GORGEOUS. From palm trees to outdoor fireplaces this is one of the nicest restaurants I've ever seen. I really love how warm and inviting it is. There is an abundance of outdoor seating and with the heat lamps and fireplace it really does keep the temperature nice and toasty (it was a mild 55). Went into the bar and sat down at high top tables and was greeted with a basket of nirvana in the form of sticky buns. They know they could sell these things, right? WTH? I have never in all of my life been greeted with something so delicious when I sat down at a restaurant table. Go away, Cinnabon, you've been replaced, and handily. Hasta. Ordered a glass of mediocre wine, Bogle. You can buy this wine for $8 a bottle at Total Wine so I certainly wouldn't pay $9 for a glass, but I wasn't paying, so...it was decent if you're getting it for free!Anyway, onto the bar menu, which the only thing I ate off of. Ordered the mini grilled cheese sandwiches with three artisan cheeses. One happened to be blue cheese which I despise and waited until the last one to eat it. I asked the waitress, fabulous Rachel, if I could replace this with the brie and she said of course! She then proceeded to bring me a WHOLE plate of sandwiches! For free! You have to love great service! A co-worker got the chicken enchiladas, and while they were delicious, they had a sting to them so be careful! Those were on the dinner menu, not bar menu, by the way. As we were leaving I asked for some sticky buns to go and Rachel brought a nice sized to go box of them for us. Thank you!!! I could see spending a lot of time here if I lived in this area. It's beautiful, the staff is friendly (especially Rachel!) and the food is delicious! I would definitely highly recommend and I'll be SO jealous if you go!
4	Just came back from a week in AZ and ate at El Chorro two times. Brunch was quite expensive and tasty. The Sticky Buns are AMAZING. Our diner a few days later was well worth the price. Great portions and choices, oh yeah and you still get the Sticky Buns.... Yummy
5	Delicious food and excellent service!  The ambiance is wonderful.  Those sticky buns are amazing too!
4	Never having been to El Chorro before I was excited when my work announced that we would be having our holiday party there this year. It turned out to be a great choice.We are a decent sized company so we had a room to ourselves in the back of the property. It looked like it was a room that could be used for wedding receptions or any other kind of party. There were several large round tables set up and a full bar in the back. There was an outdoor area too but it was night and kinda chilly so everyone stayed inside for the most part. Another plus was that there was plenty of parking. It's not always easy to find ample parking for a group of 100+.The evening started with passed hors d'oeuvres that were delish - prosciutto-wrapped scallops, crab-cakes and an onion tartlette of some kind. Whatever it was it tasted good! The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our group.For dinner I had the shortribs which came with a side of beans and potatoes. It was really good. The meat was extremely tender (melt-in-your-mouth-type), cooked to perfection and juicy and flavorful. Shortribs are not a lean cut of beef but it was worth it. I enjoyed every bite.One person at our table got a very tough tough piece of fish and they had no problem replacing her meal as quickly as possible without hassle. Overall, we had a very nice time, the food was great and the staff friendly. I'd highly recommend El Chorro for a corporate party or reception.
3	The husband and I originally came here for a Yelp Cocktail Society event and decided we should come back to try more of the menu since the appetizers were delicious. I received an email regarding their Christmas dinner, which included Lobster Bisque, so the husband was sold and reservations were made. We sat inside, but the patio looked very pretty and inviting with the lights. However, just a tad too chilly! Our server was nice and helpful and while the restaurant didn't seem very busy, the service was a little slow. (People seated after us received their food before us and such. Not sure where the holdup was!)The husband ordered the lobster bisque and I ordered the salad off the Christmas Prix Fixe Menu as our starters. The husband liked his bisque and my salad was good. Neither appetizer was spectacular but not bad. For our main course, both of us ordered the Roasted Beef Tenderloin with horseradish potatoes. The beef was tender and the potatoes were good. I liked them together, as the beef needed a little extra spice. The beef alone didn't have much flavor/spice otherwise. (The husband wasn't very impressed and had to order an extra side of horseradish.) For dessert, we both ordered the bread pudding - big mistake. Yes, the portion of bread pudding was huge but it was also bland. It wasn't like any other bread pudding I've had before, more like a thick sponge cut in half. I saw other diners order the red velvet cake and was immediately jealous. (I'm a huge desert person and barely ate this bread pudding.)Overall, the dinner was okay, but definitely not my favorite. For the price, I feel like we could have gone somewhere else and received a better meal overall. ***Not being factored into the review, but something I wanted to bring up: The husband and I received 2 gift cards from our Yelp Cocktail Event - completely free. This was a very generous offer from the establishment and much appreciated. We were very excited to come back and to use the gift cards. As we were paying for our meal, we had the waiter check the denomination as we were never told the amount on the cards. Unfortunately, one of the gift cards was blank. I understand that they were free gift cards, but anyone would expect them not to be blank. Just a tad disappointing and hope no one else received a blank card as well! Please note, this is not being factored into the review, as I am only basing the stars given on the food and service.***
4	We had a lovely dinner here. It is an elegant setting with indoor and outdoor seating. The sticky buns were a nice twist and the filet and salmon entrees were superb. Our server was excellent.
4	Valet park. The main lot is dirt :(Food was good and atmosphere was excellent.
5	Great breakfast / brunch spot.  The setting, service and food are top notch. Prices may be $1-3 more  per entree than other breakfast spots but well worth it.  The sticky buns are unmatched.  Menu has plenty of solid choices and both adults' and childrens' meals were tasty (and our kids are tough judges).  The service is pleasant, prompt and classy (Houston's caliber.)  Another important breakfast barometer, coffee quality.  Again, A+.   Decor is old school AZ in a high-end though unpretentious way.  Parking is ample with optional valet.  We'll be back here soon and often.
3	Difficult rating as I have had very different experiences at this restaurant ranging from very good, 4 star to not so great, 2 star.  Love the ambience of the patio.  Happy hour was disappointing as so many tables were reserved that we end up in a corner and  reserved tables were still empty when we left.  Brunch was good but very slow coming.  Really slow.  I will give it a few more tries.  I do like the brunch menu.
3	Review is for brunch only.The location of atmosphere at El Chorro is awesome, especially on a wonderful Sunday afternoon in the spring.  Decided to try out El Chorro for brunch and was pleasantly surprised by the awesome patio we were able to experience.  The weather was awesome, so it really added to the experience.  Thanks to a reservation, we were sat immediately.  Service was great, our waiter was friendly and helpful... so nothing to complain about there.I had the tenderloin eggs benedict and the Hubs for the chicken enchilada with egg on top (basically huevos rancheros).  We both also partook in the mimosa.  I really enjoyed my eggs benedict and opted for the half portion.  This was just enough food for me, but I could see it being not enough for most people.  At $18 I really felt gipped.  The Hubs liked his meal, but decided at the end he really wasn't in the mood for what he ordered... would have preferred the enormous breakfast burrito we saw walk by.  At $60 bucks for our breakfast we both walked away feeling a bit disappointed.  The sticky bun is just as fabulous and people say it is, but that and the scenery don't make up for the expensive price tag in my book.I'm really glad we experienced this gem of a location and of course the sticky bun, I only wish it wasn't so darn expensive...
2	I went to El Chorro's around 6 pm with my wife and a friend from Chicago this past Saturday and will never go back there again. The host claimed that there were no tables available and that we would have to sit at the bar. We counted more than twenty open tables when we arrived and the same number when we left approximately 1.5 hours later. The food and drinks were ok and our waitperson was good, but overall, a very unpleasant experience.
5	This place was amazing! Gorgeous setting, wonderful service and everything we had from sticky buns to chateaubriand and the beet salad and the cake and even the coffee were perfectly prepared. Can't wait to go back! N
3	So much history in this place! When the long-time owner was retiring several years ago, it looked like the place was going to close. A local Paradise Valley resident stepped up to the plate, bought the place, did some reno, and the place is once again a local favorite, and a hit with tourists, too. The view from the bar or outside seating area can't be beat. Ambience inside is nice. Expect an older clientele. It is in ritzy PV, so don't expect low prices. I've only had dinner here once shortly after it re-opened, and it was for a group event. I thought the food was mediocre but maybe they've since worked out kitchen issues.Anybody who has been to El Chorro raves about the sticky buns. Personally, I don't think they are that great. I've had them a couple of times, and they were just okay - dry and not overly flavorful. They certainly didn't live up to the high expectations. I'm probably the only one that feels that way!!Been here a number of times for happy hour, which is pretty decent (Mon-Sat 4-6pm) - complimentary sliders, fruit and a variety of hors d'ouevres.  The happy hour menu also has a nice variety of small plates, but you aren't going to find potato skins or fried mozzarella sticks here - this place is high-brow. The grilled sausage trio is good as are the street tacos. The El Chorro margaritas are sooo good; my friend always tries one of the seasonal specialty cocktails and has never been disappointed.
1	Myself and two friends were at the restaurant for happy hour.  A friend was visiting from Germany and I suggested El Chorro, a place that we frequent with friends.  I looked at your website at 11:09am  today and copied and pasted the information from your website that said Happy hour was from 4-6 and the buffet was from 5-6.  I will copy and paste my email to my friend. (Copied at the end of this review)  We decided to meet at 4:30.  According to our watches we went to the buffet at appx 4:58 and there was nothing there.  We visited a while longer and returned at 5:08 and there was nothing but there was a sign that said as of today the buffet was from 4-5.  We went ahead and ordered but asked for the manager, Steven.  He came over but said the website was changed this morning.  I said I copied and pasted from the website today and my friend could not find the email.  I then looked through my sent and found the email.  I asked to see him again and showed him.  I really didn't want him to do anything except acknowledge that we were right...it did say that.  Instead he told me it was changed earlier in the day. I mentioned we came there often with friends and he said people got emails of the time change.  I didn't.  I just wanted him to say he was sorry for the confusion or something...he was rude.  The email is at the bottom of this email. The food was good but the management is bad.  He should have just apologized and said it should have been changed earlier.  Eileen   From: Marita Muhr (address deleted)Sent: Monday, March 25, 2013 3:13 PMTo: Eileen KleckaSubject: Re: Maybe we get there 4:30...5:00 is the free buffetOk,i will leave here at 4:15Sent from my iPadOn Mar 25, 2013, at 11:09, "Eileen Klecka" eklecka@cox.net wrote:El Chorro invites you to stop in for our fantastic happy hour! Enjoy our complimentary hors d'oeuvre buffet from 5-6 p.m. and drink specials from 4-6 p.m., ... Eileen
4	Tucked away in the town of Paradise Valley, this place is a local legend.  It was one of the first places I visited when I moved here a couple of years ago.  Since then, we come here every once in a while to meet friends for drinks or to entertain people from out of town.  The Better Half and I enjoy the "Southwestern" decor and atmosphere here, but it's done in an upscale & classy way.When we dine here, my fav menu items are:9 oz Filet, $41Truffle Fries, $7Scalloped Potatoes, $7I try not to come here when I'm super hungry because the Filet is only 9 oz.  It's very good and the portion is just right for a normal hunger level, but it's kind of small for a big appetite night.  The Truffle Fries are amazing and the Scalloped Potatoes are delish....but filling.We enjoy sitting outside here.  They keep their exterior furniture very clean and it's comfortable, especially during the Fall & Spring.  The building & complex is huge....I guess they can do fairly large special events here.  The only special events I've attended here are business mixers or industry cocktail events....but I've heard it's fantastic for weddings, anniversaries, and reunions as well.The service here is great.  Nice employees who are friendly and accommodating work here.  There's plenty of parking in the back or a valet service if you choose to use it up front.Return Factor - 91%
4	I would probably give it a 4.5.  The sticky buns are all they're cracked up to be!! Delicious. I ordered the filet and it was delicious and like butter. I ordered it medium rare, I know it's not how ladies usually order it... I even got a double ask from the server; honestly, I wouldn't go above medium to keep the integrity of this fine cut of meat. The scalloped potatoes were pretty great too! My date ordered the special of the night prime rib with southwestern mac and cheese. It was very good, but my filet was better. The patio with this weather was absolutely perfect! I would go again for a special occasion.
4	Great ambiance and service.  Traditional food done traditionally and good.We had a great evening, really enjoyed the decor, history, views.  Lovely.
1	The setting and service was fabulous, however if you go there for food and drink think again.  $18 for about a two ounce martini, I don't think so!The stroganoff was 90 percent noodles with a few mushrooms and a little tough beef strips.  The chicken enchiladas were really a pile of glop with also almost no chicken. $250 for  2 salads, chicken enchiladas, trout and stroganoff, none of which was even average.  The great setting does not make up for what a restaurant should do, serve good food and drink at a reasonable price.
4	My hubby and I came here by mistake on a Friday evening. For some reason, I thought that this El Chorro was the same Mexican food restaurant that we used to go to in Tucson, but this restaurant was entirely different. The chicken enchilada dish was only one dish on the entire menu that was Mexican.  Oops, my bad! I guess I should've checked with Yelp first to determine what type of restaurant it was, How cool is it that a restaurant reused what was once a girls' school and converted it to one of the most renowned destination restaurants?!The ambiance was much different as well. It was more refined, polished, and provided a beautiful backdrop of Camelback Mountain. It felt warm and cozy as well, as though we were entering a nestled mission in the middle of the desert. The patio was very inviting and filled with people enjoying good conversation and food under trees covered in warm lighting. Had I researched first, I might've worn something nicer, instead of our extra casual attire. DId that matter to them? No, they treated us very well! Our waiter James was very attentive and made sure that we had no shortage of their famous sticky buns. The sticky buns are so good that they even take orders  "To Go" if you so desire.We started off with the Pepper Pot Shrimp Appetizer. It was served with rich, flavorful shrimp bathed in a pepper stew that could've been an entree in itself. The toasted homemade bread reached a state of nirvana  in taste once it was dipped in the pepper pot stew mixture. We splurged and tried the Chateaubriand meal for two. It came with the most tender, meaty goodness of filet served medium rare  (as requested) roasted in the oven and served with sides of a cabernet type red sauce made from the filet's own juices and also a decadent, creamy Bernaise sauce. Roasted asparagus, carrots, and red seasoned potatoes surrounded this platter of perfection. The chateaubriand meal also came with a dessert. We chose a butter cake with Dolce de Leche ice cream. Forget your typical Sara Lee pound cake. This butter cake puts that Sara Lee pound cake to shame! The cake was neither dense nor too light and flaky. The cake's texture was that of a thicker sponge, but the fork cut easily though the cake like butter. The sweet Dolce de Leche ice cream with the cream cheese, and thicker spongy cake complimented each other quite well. We were so tired by the end of all this eating that we woke ourselves up with some espresso there and called it a night. After the appetizer, wine, the magnificent Chateaubriand, and dessert with espresso, let's just say our bill was not cheap. In fact, I would definitely call the night done "on a whim" one of those crazy splurges. That won't stop us from coming back for more though! Bravo El Chorro for giving us a wonderful night to remember!
1	This review has to be broken into the tale of two worlds - happy hour and dinner.First review will be our experience in the bar for Happy Hour and the Second in the dark, dark world of the outdoor dinner seating.We valet parked our car without a care in the world. It was my wife's birthday so we thought we'd get to the restaurant early and enjoy the happy hour in the bar. Rachel was an absolutely lovely waitress. Our cocktails (party of five) and appetizers were simply a very warm, inviting, and lovely experience. The arisan cheese plate was enjoyable along with the grilled sausage trio. The happy hour buffet that is advertised simply didn't exist. Cocktails beyond their house pours were overpriced as expected. Overall the experience was very nice and I'd return for this portion of the evening. (but, you might want to read my review of the dinner experience).---After a lovely experience in the bar for happy hour (separate review) we were seated in the outdoor dining area (no one "got" us as we requested when our reservation was ready, and they didn't come to our table but asked us to come up to the hostess stand - no big deal but a bit tacky and awkward for all). (This is very sad as we're Phoenicians for 25 years and have experienced this restaurant over the years)Our waiter, Eric, didn't seem to want to be there or make our experience better in any way. Eric seemed to have had a bad day and so would our table of five along with my wife, for her birthday celebration. We ordered directly from the dinner menu as we had just enjoyed app's in the bar. It was obvious that Eric wasn't' pleased with this but he marched off and placed our orders. Upon delivery (next time we saw Eric), all was just fine until I cut into my $44 strip steak. After some time, Eric stopped by and asked how dinner was. I showed him the steak and asked if it was medium. No, and he took it away. He came back and asked if I'd like another glass of Cab - well, no, unless your manager is buying so I might have it with the steak I ordered. Ten minutes later, when the rest of the table was about done with dinner, my steak was delivered. And, yes, it was cooked to a perfect medium (although, who's hungry after sitting that long and nibbling off everyone else's plates?). How's my wife's Birthday going? Well, not real well. Did Eric bring the wine, dessert, or anything to enhance the experience? No. I spoke with Alec, the manager, and he simply could not have cared less. His eyes were glazed-over as I explained the experience and lack of response from his staff. Alec was truly the manager of a restaurant that I would never want to experience again. He didn't sympathize, apologize, or even care about me or my family. DON'T GO HERE IF YOU WANT A GOOD EXPERIENCE! Spend your $ elsewhere.
4	This legendary place is a beauty that is tucked up in Paradise Valley with an awe-striking view of Camelback Mountain. With history thru the 1930's the beauty of the mansion is magnificent. The patio is huge and I was excited that our group was able to sit outside without it being so hot and take in the beauty of the place and the mountain. We started off in the bar with happy hour. Loved the cheese plate. Loved the sausage plate too. It's ample and enough to share with one-to-three people as a sampling. The bar is busy. It was pretty much standing room only. I waited for the waitress to bring my house marg. when she forgot and reminded her a couple of times. Yet working in the service industry at 39k feet, I am forgiving and I get that! Meh. Wasn't a fan. Pass on the house marg that is priced way above what it should be. My boyfriend got the Pom Fire marg. a mix of margarita/pomegranite/jalepeno. He loved it; but was happy with just one before heading to his usual brew. I could not taste it, despite the desire to, as I am allergic to jalepenos. Bummer. I opted for the seasonal Strawberry Bliss drink and loved that one. It's a mixology of greatness containing champagne, mint sprigs, muddled strawberries and liquor. MMMMMMMM. Blissful.  Again know that these drinks aren't for the budget conscious. A happy hour drink that ranges from $9-13 is not exactly 'happy'. Dinner we moved on to the patio. Live music provides an ambience as does the back drop of the mountain and lighting is just correct. Our picks for the night: Truffle fries.. Yum.;Filet 8 oz with Peppercorn. Heaven in my mouth.; Tenderloin Pork. Yum; Sticky Buns. Don't like sweets, but everyone raved over that gooeyness!; A bottle of Pinot Noir. Get ready . Dinner alone will set your wallet back over $250 smacks. Great service. Perfect setting for the desert. Awesome food. Steep price. That being said. You decide.
5	This has always been one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley. It reflects the feeling of Old Phoenix and it makes you feel like you are visiting your friend's beautiful southwestern estate. Plus, I could probably eat a dozen of their sticky buns in one sitting. When we were planning the wedding and looking for a rehearsal dinner location, we immediately thought of El Chorro. They have multiple areas for private parties, the atmosphere is lovely, the restaurant has a lot of character and the backdrop is just stunning with the restaurant being nestled against the north side of Camelback Mountain. El Chorro lived up to expectations! We had about 40 guests attend the rehearsal dinner and we had a combination of an indoor and outdoor event. They set up several tables with nice linens outside while twinkle lights light up the area. We also had the indoor area that had dark wooden paneling and felt like a beautiful southwestern home. The servers were friendly, the drinks flowed and the food was simply phenomenal. We had a buffet style set-up with a combination of Mexican food, a meat station, a slider station and french fries! It was elegant comfort food at its finest. I personally think that this is one of the best (if not the best) locations for a rehearsal dinner!
4	El Chorro has been in the valley for decades. This is where the wealthy old tourists and snow birds dine for a good meal in a beautiful setting. The patio is wonderful, very old west/desert sky elegant. The drink menu is creative and original and changes frequently. We ate here with a group of 9 and they were able to accommodate us easily. The watermelon gaspacho was interesting and flavorful and spicy. The steak was cooked near perfect for my taste and the au gratin potatoes were off the hook. The wine list is expansive, many bottles in the $40+ range all the way up to several hundred dollars. The service, while attentive, is very casual. Don't expect starched shirts and formalities. The clientele as I stated is typically older, our table by far was the youngest in the restaurant with mostly 40 somethings and a few 30 somethings. Expect a lot of Tommy Bahama shirts and Rush Limbaugh conversations. We dine here once a year or so due to the ambiance and good food. It is rather expensive so we like to keep it as a treat. You can't really go wrong here for a nice meal.
4	When we heard this place had happy hour throughout the week, we thought we might actually be able to afford to go there!We went on a Sat. at 4pm, we're gen-x'ers with sleep deprivation, so it works ;-) They had bbq pork, cheese, and veggies - free! However, this only lasted about 30 mins. - was good, but ran out fast. We also ordered 2 glasses of white wine - pretty good for house select. The staff is always friendly, and even though we ordered the buffalo burger the next time (eh, pass - too gamey/salty), service is always great.Not sure we'd ever order many entrees besides apps off the menu again...We actually go because it's close and has great outdoor seating. Is nice when it's cool  out and you don't want to schlep around to find an easy going atmosphere.
5	I've had this restaurant bookmarked to try for over 3 yrs but was hesitant because I was not big in formal or pretentious settings.  I am so glad I finally came here! The service was impeccable and I absolutely loved the spinach gnocchi that came with my meal. The texture was both gooey and pillowy at the same time and it had a hint of lobster demi-glaze versus being drowned in sauce. My main course, a white fish that was similar to sea bass, was very tasty as well. loved the western atmosphere and even though it was a bit formal, it was not pretentious at all. I will definitely be back for brunch.
4	I always love gong to a local staple and if you are looking for a culinary classic search no further. The best dishes are the deep fried lobster wit the drawn butter and the sticky rolls are to die for.
4	I loved this place when I went! Very old school westerny feeling. The patio was awesome with a great view and I loved what I got. I ordered the salmon which was delicious and also ordered a pumpkin pie martini (it was around Thanksgiving) and that was sooo good. I think about that martini often. I'd love to go back for brunch some time.
5	Always A+++. Amazing drinks with even better views. The summer does eliminate the wonderful outdoor seating, however the interior is beautiful a cross between ranch and yacht. Try the staycation drink, and expect to have only one...holy moly is it strong. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu but personal favs are the farmers chopped salad, the pork tenderloin and a must is the gooey caramel cake. The sticky buns, what they are known for come as the bread!  Enjoy!!
5	Food was great ! Staff was very friedly ! I will be back ! Thanks :))
5	Excellent steak house ...and delicious sticky buns!
4	Good Sunday brunch! A little pricey but you get a ton of food and it's good. We enjoyed "the chicken and the egg skillet " and the yogurt and granola parfait. The cinnamon rolls are yummy too. We also enjoyed cappuccino. They have a lovely outdoor seating area which would be great when cooler.
3	El Chorro revels in location, location plus amazing views. However, flimsy plastic menus and glassware are easily outshined by crystal and service at the Stockyards. Hmm, sticky buns might be a tradition but the historic Wigwam had a basket of diverse muffins, with blue corn and jalepenos. Pardon the comparisons but the historic lodge only has a few peers in the valley. Kudos to the landscaping designers for the desert compacted soils for overflow parking; their commitment to a natural setting is also evident with the electric recharging stations!More about the food: the vegetarian meal has great flavors and the salads are huge standouts: the heirloom tomatoes and hand pulled burrata salad are perfect.  Overall, the menu comes with large doses of carbs (scalloped potatoes, risotto.) Beau enjoyed the pork tenderloin.Enjoy your drink at the bar with a nice oversized wine glass in lieu of a modest glass stem on the table. Dining room tables are a bit too tight to enjoy the desert view and ambience. Recommendation: Check out bar & happy hour eats before committing to dinner.
2	Living up to the hype is far from the reality! The atmosphere was well done and beautiful to their credit. The food, menu and average age of customers was pre-vietnam. The experience started with us receiving OJ that tasted concentrated @ $4 a tiny glass. The second was the Americano I ordered, still had fluids from the cappuccino machine cleaner. I was unimpressed with the place and wonder what they will do in the next 10 years.
5	I have been here twice now and both times have been perfect. The setting , cocktails and food. I had the beef stroganoff which was amazing.
1	Typical American restaurant. Flavorless. Not to mention overpriced. Don't waste your money.
4	Went on a beautiful Sunday for a girlfriends bridal shower. This place is gorgeous. We had a separate area with a beautiful brunch buffet set up and it was lovely.  I'm not really able to write a well rounded review as I didn't dine as usual, but the food was delicious and the sticky buns are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! I wasn't going to try one and another girl forced me to and they were TO DIE FOR! I'm stillllll craving them. I might have to go just to get a sticky bun fix.
5	We've been coming to Phoenix annually for nearly 20 years and we don't miss a visit to El Chorro's .  Beautiful setting, and since the "remodel" several years ago, it's even better!  Can't turn away the sticky buns and the Trout Almondine is one of my favorites.  This would be a spectacular setting for a wedding/reception/special event.  Full of charm and great food!
1	We at at El Chorro this morning and we were VERY DISAPPOINTED ... The food was flavorless and overpriced.I ordered a sandwich with a side of mayonnaise and it must have been from the night before. it had congealed and there was ketchup on the bottom of the bowl (like it had been taken off someones plate and reused) ... It was nasty and did not spread. Once we complained to the waitress we were comped my sandwich but no other apologies made...We spent over $90.00 for 2 adults and 3 children for a Sunday morning brunch (which included 1 mimosa.) Wow... $4 Orange Juices and $10.00 chicken tenders.Don't waste your money unless you are just trying to find a restaurant with a good view.
2	El Charro is one of the most beautiful restaurants in the valley, but sadly the food is sub par. I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was mostly a tough, chewy, gummy tortilla with dry scrambled flavorless eggs inside. There was some dry stringy mystery meat inside. Ate about one fourth of it. Thank God for the sticky buns or it would have been a total loss.
1	I was there with a very large group of friends and they assigned a rookie waiter who had no clue what he was doing. Not his fault I blame the management.  Poor guy had no help with as big as our party was even applebees would have two waiters helping out. Our drinks were always empty steaks came out cold, baked potatoes where brought out after meals were finished. I complained to the manager and he said he would bring out complimentary desserts he said he would cover the table.  We waited and only four desserts came out when there was 12 of us.  extra plates and silverware was brought out until later. Then he left and didn't leave any thing to serve it with. O and did I mention the steak sucked its usually really good here but not today not impressed at all!
4	I came here for brunch today. What a beautiful patio with a wonderful atmosphere. Perfectly relaxing for a Sunday morning. The sticky buns they bring to the table are delicious. I could have just eaten those, but I did order the huevos rancheros.  They were pretty good but I was more impressed with the eggs Benedict my friend got. I would like to come back sometime for dinner. I'm sure the patio is beautiful at night.
2	The company my wife works at had a Christmas Party at Casa Paloma @ El Chorro.  Neither my wife, nor I, were impressed.  The food is perhaps not what we like.  Food was a little too plain, and little too run of the mill, for us.
5	For our last night in Arizona and family obligations over I figured it would be a good opportunity to take my wife to an outstanding restaurant.I made reservations three days in advance on OpenTable.com and they actually called me the day before to confirm and check whether we wanted indoor or outdoor seating.  Since it had been so cold the last few days we were there we opted for indoor dining.A little history about El Chorro.  The main building was an old grammar school.  They added on the courtyard, dining area and gardens when it became a restaurant.  It includes their own garden for herbs, produce for the chef.  It also includes several outdoor fireplaces and a bocce court.For an appetizer, we started out with a small cheese plate which consisted of parmesan, provolone, bleu cheese & brie with cranberries, dried apricots and candied walnuts.  While we were working on our appetizer out came the famous sticky buns.  They are delicious, not too sweet and definitely worth trying.For entrees, we ordered the Niman Ranch Pork Tenderloin and the Pan Roasted Duck Breast.  The pork tenderloin came with green chili risotto and butternut squash.  The Duck came with celery root mashed potatoes, pearl onions, brussel sprouts with a pomegranate reduction.  Both were tender and delicious.  Even though having tried Duck previously and not really being a big fan I have to say the duck here was done perfectly and not as fatty as my previous tries.For dessert, we split a piece of their vanilla cake with carmel sauce garnished with a blackberry and cappuccinos (they were very strong but not bitter as some can be).This was a perfect way to end our stay in Arizona.  You cannot beat the views.  Next time maybe we will be able to do a weekend brunch and sit outside to enjoy the fabulous views.On a side note, they even called me the next day to thank me for patronizing their restaurant.  I was very impressed.
4	came here for our department holiday party and this restaurant was amazing! the staff was great, the view of the surrounding mountains and citrus trees were amazing, their food was amazing. their Bloody Mary was pretty delicious, nice and spicy and comes with a jumbo shrimp! the sticky bun that comes out when you first arrive is to die for! super warm and gooey goodness!
4	What an amazing meal! Entire place is redone and it looks amazing. I usually go for brunch but we decided the whole family would go for dinner. We started with the shrimp pot, shrimp cocktail, sausage plate, and chicken livers... All were really great but the entrees made the starters seem underwhelming because they were so well done. I highly recommend the wild caught salmon, the trout almandine and the pork tenderloin, those were table favorites!
3	As we waited for our table we could see the sun setting over the mountains while drinking a solid glass of wine. Then we sat down in this beautiful restaurant where they brought out these cinnamon buns instead of bread. YUM. I was almost hooked on this place.We ordered the burrata appetizer and it was done perfectly. We couldn't wait for our entree.Then it came. We had ordered the lamb which came over a mashed potato type side. I couldn't even eat it. It was not good at all. The lamb was overcooked and lacked flavor. The side underneath it had a weird aftertaste. It was so disappointing. Everyone at our table agreed that their meals were also a letdown. The night was leading up to this phenomenal meal and it let us down. Maybe this was an isolated incident, but maybe this place survives on it's beauty and location.
4	El Chorro is a Paradise Valley landmark.  The outdoor patio is gorgeous, adorned in lights and comfortably heated.  The sticky buns are amazing (and classic).  I had the sea bass catch of the day which was cooked perfectly.  The fish was served atop a sweet potato puree and garnished with fresh vegetables which complemented the fish nicely.  Everyone in my party thoroughly enjoyed their meals.  Brunch at El Chorro is fabulous.  The Benedict is superb ... as are the sticky buns and date milkshake :)
3	Yes, the sticky buns are great.My grandparents would think this was one of the best restaurants in the world.  The menu is very old-school with rich, heavy dishes.  We started with the recommended shrimp pepper pot.  It was delicious, but we both commented on how heavy the butter seemed in the dish, and how it could have been lightened up with a little olive oil.  The house salad was romaine lettuce with a sherry vinegarette.  Again, a more modern menu would probably use different greens.  Our entrees were huge - my prime rib was cooked nicely but lacked a little seasoning. My wife had the fish special: halibut in hollindaise sauce.  Again, huge portion, very rich.  Coffee was very watery and reminded me of dinners at grandmas house.The patio is amazing with beautiful views. The menu a throwback to an earlier generation of "fine dining." it was nostalgic to eat food like this, but i doubt we'll come back.
1	Unpleasant. I could write an essay on my disappointments here but I will just choose the one that put me over the edge. They charge $5 PER SLICE if you bring in your own cake to celebrate an occasion. That's right folks! If you go to their restaurant to celebrate any occasion that requires you to bring in a cake, they will gladly take your cake in the back, slice it up, and serve it to all your guests for $5 per slice. I don't like getting nickel and dimed at a brunch that costs me $350 for 6 people in the first place.  I am far from cheap. I didn't bring a cake in to save from spending money at your restaurant. I brought it because that particular cake is a tradition for my mother's birthday and I will not pay you $30 for my 5 other guests and I to enjoy my already purchased cake. On my final note, I was advised by the server if I cut the cake and served it myself, I would still be charged the fee!!! Classless... Absolutely classless
3	A bit stuffy for my taste... I went there for dinner, so brunch may be a different story.  The waitress was a sweetheart and able to accommodate my food allergies, so no complaints there, but the crowd is a bit "old fashioned" to put it nicely.  Jaws agape and staring when a young couple walked in and the girls shoulders were bare. How dare she... I can only imagine their blatant stares come summer once people are in less clothing due to the 120 degree heat!
1	Over priced and the food is highly variable. Had a fish dish that was one of the best things I have ever eaten, and a vegetarian dish that was worse than dirt. With the respect to the latter comment I am being unfair to dirt. Call me traditional, but I would prefer consistency. Service was great, but did not make up for the poor food.
5	My wife and I took my sons to El Chorro last night for dinner. They are both college football players and full time students so our chances to get together with them is are rare. We were first introduce to El Chorro by my parents 30 years ago and it is our favorite resultant in Arizona and we have been accused by some of traveling from Chicago to Phoenix just to have dinner. The night was awesome! The restaurant was packed as usual and we had a 8 pm reservation. We were seated on the patio which we requested at 7;50. Our waiter Leo was awesome! He was super knowledgable about the menu and anticipated our every need. Our food as usual was outstanding. As a starter we had the shrimp pepper pot, outstanding. For our second course we ordered four different items for a good sampling. We had a bowl of New England Clam Chowder, wedge salad, tomato salad and the beet salad. We sent back 4 clean plates. Next the sticky buns, Epic!! As our main course my wife had the short rib with mustard seed infused whipped potatoes, I had the beef stroganoff and my sons each had the New York Strip steak. Everything was perfect from presentation to temperature. Again we sent back for clean plates. The dining experience was capped off with one more round of sticky buns for the men while my wife enjoyed the strawberry shortcake. El Chorro is a true 5 star dining experience in a beautiful spotless setting and receives my highest recommendation.
5	We're visiting from Las Vegas and "what a wonderful find!" Met our neighbors from California who live in Scottsdale and had a wonderful meal in addition to tasty cocktails ( enjoyed the Passionate Mule so much I had 2) and a super server, Julia ~   The sticky bun are good, seemed odd for dinner but I had no trouble devouring mine. My husbands beet salad looked pretty and tasted as good as it looked. The Halibut was the special of the day and was also quite! QUITE!! delicious and presentation was suburb. The Fried Lobster good with really good remoulade sauce + butter, YUM!  We skipped dessert, enjoyed coffee/cappuccinos, walked around the stunning grounds, enjoyed the numerous fireplaces, and western decor.     Just a great, great evening if your any where near Paradise Valley, El Chorro should be a "MUST" stop ~
2	It has been 1 year since I went to El Chorro. Went to Sunday brunch last week and was very disappointed. Ordered eggs Benedict and got cooked salmon on the bottom that was salty and a very small English muffin. Eggs Benedict should have lox or cured salmon . I could have cooked a better dish at home . Not worth the money. The service was good but the kitchen needs to do better at making their food worth while. The best eggs Benedict is at St. Francis on camelback rd.
4	Wonderful atmosphere, not as rustic as used to be, modernised quite a bit but still with Southwest charm! Very nice indoor outdoor bar and really nice patio area, and the food and service was great.  I give 4.5 stars and a shout out to our waiter Brent! We had chateaubriand for 2, perfectly cooked medium rare and good wine and desert ( peanut butter pie) as well! The classic sticky cinnamon roll for appetizer was awesome!  Live music would have made it a 5!!
3	Celebrated 25th wedding anniversary on a Tues. night. The restaurant was full. The patio setting was exquisite. We inform the restaurant ahead of time of our celebration, table was perfect. We started off with the El Chorro margaritas, excellent, accompanied by the "oh so famous Sticky Buns", which now I know why. Starters: we shared the Schreiners's sausage Trio, this was by far the most disappointing, a few slices of dried up sausage, was not worth the $15 at all. Entrees: we had the Seasonal Wild Salmon and Pan Roasted Duck Breast, both were excellent. We ended the meal with a complementary cake desert, which was OK. The service was excellent in the beginning, but turn into a slow service as the restaurant was clearing out. Would I dine there again? Yes, but I would try the Brunch or Happy hour in the beautiful patio.
5	El Chorro gets 5 stars just because it is an amazing venue. Very relaxed but fun. The crowd is a bit older but that decor and layout make up for that. Tons of outdoor dining and cocktails areas! And a great wine selection. The staff was also amazing!!!
5	Dinner on the patio in February!!  It doesn't get any better than this.
5	Dinner on patio with friends on March 19 was a first class experience in all respects.  The grounds were beautiful, the weather spectacular and the delicious cuisine paired with flawless service completed the package. Julia ( from Philly), our server , was quite personable and very knowledgeable on the menu, wine pairings and the history of the property. We will request her when we return to this restaurant. (Even though we live 300 miles away) I had the locavore beet salad with goat cheese - beautiful presentation and delicious. Entree was halibut with Pasilla chili-lime beurre blanc sauce - show stopper. Finished our meal with an expertly prepared cappuccino and a walk around the grounds and appreciated the historical photographs.
3	I love the ambiance of El Chorro and they have great cocktails and appetizers, but the service at the bar is oooooooo so slow.  I couldn't get the bartender to return to take our order or later to bring us the check.   Great place, but they need to step up the customer service.
5	BEST BRUNCH IN PHOENIX HANDS-DOWN! Went here with a group of girls after church. We had the best view (A-MAZING Patio) and the service was excellent. The Eggs Benedict was fabulous but what really stole the show were the free sticky-buns! The mimosas were a bit pricey- but they were so delectable, I had multiple!  I can't wait to go back with my family sometime soon!
3	We absolutely loved the atmosphere at El Chorro. The margaritas were delicious, the truffle fries  and the fresh veggie appetizers were both table pleasers, but the sticky buns were really the winner. Unfortunately, our main courses (chicken, filet, pork tenderloin and the Sea Bass special) were dry all around the table, which was super disappointing after such great appetizers. The service was not fabulous either...our server seemed more annoyed at our questions about the menu items, as none of us had eaten there before. I wouldn't go back from dinner, but I would DEFINITELY go back for those truffle fries and the sticky buns!
1	Brought my parents (and friends)for 50th anniversary brunch although the sticky buns are amazing, we had complete attitude from server when we asked for more (only 2 in basket for 5 people). We had 2 rounds of drinks and full entrees. We were told that only first basket is complimentary even though menu clearly states they come with entrees. After writing email to El Chorro weeks ago with NO response...it was time to give ya'll a heads up. :)
2	We went to Sunday Mother's Day brunch. It was 50 dollars plus. I ordered a mimosa assuming it was included like most Sunday brunches but it was extra. I wanted fresh berries but they didn't have any of those either. Great atmosphere but a real rip off on the food side . Really limited selection . A true tourist trap .
4	El Chorro is one of the best patio dining experiences in the Valley during the "good weather" months.  The food is good and the ambiance great.  That pretty much sums it up for me.  The service is usually very good.  If you are looking for great outdoor ambiance on a perfect Arizona evening then this is the place.  Plus, where else can you chat up Alice Cooper while waiting in line for the hostess?
4	I finally had an excuse to try this place out with my girlfriends for brunch the Sunday after my birthday. I loved the patio and fortunately the weather cooperated so it was not too hot. Everyone really liked their food. The biggest hit was those awesome Bloody Mary drinks with the huge jumbo shrimp. Those were amazing!!I was expecting a huge tab but actually it is a very reasonably priced brunch. If you know what to order. My friend sitting next to me got the French Toast which was a huge plate and she didn't finish half of it. My sister on the other side had the beet salad which was tiny! Since it was twelve dollars, about the price of many of the other meals, she expected it to be entree size but I would consider it small even for a starter. I had the breakfast tacos which were on the small side as well but very tasty.Overall, I'd say that it's a great option for brunch and I really enjoyed it. I'd come back for sure just for that bread basket and cocktails.
5	Five stars, however, El Chorro deserves more than just lowly stars. El Chorro deserves a rating system of a different sort. El Chorro, for all its perfection, deserves a rating system using little baby unicorns decked-out in jewels and adorned with splendid colorful pageantry. The unicorns would smell heavenly too; a blend of newborn baby and warmed Ghirardelli chocolate.Under this rating system, I'd give El Chorro the highest rating possible.From beginning to end, the El Chorro experience was impeccable. Service, ambiance, food, and drink; all were flawless.I even liked the valet for Christ's sakes.The duck breast was so delicious, each bite had me wishing ducks had more breasts, like dogs. If they did, I'd devour every last one of them.In fact, the preparation was so perfect with its melt in your mouth texture, I'd have no reservations about eating the bill, feathers, webbed feet, private parts, and quack. I've never sampled duck breast this delicious!For appetizers, consider the tomato and burrata cheese plate. The cheese is velvety smooth and creamy. The balsamic, thick and sweet, likely from Modena and not Milwaukee. The tomatoes come from their garden; red, ripe and dripping with sweet juicy goodness. In concert, these flavors will excite your taste buds, giving them little tiny taste bud boners. For dessert, try the strawberry shortcake.The chef prepares a wonderfully delicious shortbread cake, presenting it in a small pond of berry compote.  And in the berry pond, a plethora of fresh berries, feverishly swimming about in an ill-fated attempt to avoid my fork. This is a dessert to behold and I strongly recommend you consume it at warp speed, this so you can steal shovelfuls from your dining partner's plate when she's not paying attention.Probably the best reason to visit El Chorro, other than the aforementioned is the stunning view of Camelback mountain at sunset. Truly remarkable.I recommend patio seating for the best view.The next time I visit, I'm bringing a toaster along so I can electrocute myself after taking my last bite.Mainly because I can't imagine life getting any better than this.
5	Great brunch, great service. Our server Grant was especially friendly and accommodating. This will be one of our go to spots when out of towners come to visit. The breakfast food was fresh, not greasy, and delicious!
3	I came for brunch with girlfriends & sat in the outside patio area since the weather was cooperative.  Customer service was great.  I had a bloody Mary which was pretty good & also had the Egg Benedict with Canadian Bacon.  I thought the food was ok.  Maybe it was just my particular choice which wasn't too impressive.  It wasn't bad though, just to clarify.  I probably wouldn't go back again, not because it was bad but because I am not from the area so I'd probably try to find a better "go to" spot.
4	Finally, I made it back here after a first failed attempt over 8 years ago.  I love, love their happy hour deals, although I had the Lavender Lemon Drop, which was delicious.  The sliders, tacos and brie platter are awesome at just $3 a pop.  I think the margaritas are also $3.  I can't wait to come back and bring my in-laws, I know they will love the setting and ambiance.  Such a beautiful place.
5	Great food, amazing ambiance, excellent service... this place has it all. I've been here for dinner, happy hour, and brunch, and have yet to be disappointed. Since this is my first review on yelp, I'm gonna focus on one of the things I always look for in reviews. What's the atmosphere like? Fantastic, and uniquely Phoenix. In the cooler months, this place is a must visit. They have an amazing patio area with views of Camelback, and fireplaces warming guests on cooler evenings. Even in the summer, the patio is bearable with misters and outdoor cooling units. Watching the mountain change colors during sunset while sipping a cocktail is heavenly. The interior is also lovely- but the patio is where it's at. Perfect spot for a romantic night out. The food is excellent, portions are generous, and execution is spot in.  On the brunch menu, my fav is the eggs benedict, for dinner, the pork tenderloin, and the seasonal cocktails are damn good (mellon mule? uh, YES. Over and over again.) No matter what you get, it's going to be good... but the sticky buns are the stuff of legend. I can't even describe what's going to happen in your mouth when you start in on those. Do it. Go for the view. Stay for the sticky buns. That is all...
4	After being on my bucket list for awhile, I finally made it out to El Chorro for happy hour yesterday. This place has a legit happy hour! Everything on the HH menu is 3$.... that is crazy! We had decent margaritas that were on the strong side (3$), split the sliders (3 sliders and fries for 3$... and the meat was good, juicy and seasoned with onions... really yummy stuff), and the sticky buns (pretty standard sticky buns). The food was tasty and inexpensive... the portions were large. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place for HH and I know I'll be back!PS The restaurant itself is beautiful and the view of the mountains is nice. PPS The bartender was friendly and our wait time for drinks and food was incredibly short.
4	Eggs Benedict is a classic and they do a great job. The inside is so much more inviting than before the remodel. Great job. Service is very good but a little stuffy. Highly  recommend
3	My boyfriend and I were enjoying a 2 night staycation for the 4th of July at the JW Marriott next door and saw this place when we were pulling in. After looking into it on yelp I was definitely looking forward to giving it a shot. We walked up to a quaint spot tucked away with cute twinkle lights outside on the patio. Like most people stated in their reviews it's a cute southwest place to get a bite to eat. Kind of made me think of a grandma and grandpas ranch house. As an appetizer we ordered the flash fried lobster tail. Note to self: if It says "market price" as what it is. Our appetizer was $48. Call us novices, but we didn't realize it would cost more than either of our entrees. The appetizer was good and the breeding very light, but if I'm being honest it was not $48 good. He ordered the salmon with potatoes and veggies and I got the peppercorn filet. The salmon was glazed and pretty d'lish while the potatoes had some kind of chive sour cream in it. Sour cream in mashed potatoes was good but the chive was pretty overbearing. The peppercorn filet was cooked perfectly and it came with a sauce that I really had no use for because I liked the overall flavor of he steak. The sauce it came with was chilled and In a cute little thing to pour it from. My potatoes were more like a hash and they were DELICIOUS!Oh and we ordered the sticky buns to go and popped them in the microwave later...yum!!Overall it was good, but I didn't seem to be as taken back as everyone else. The atmosphere as I mentioned is southwest which can feel outdated and the crowd is a bit older. Being up in PV I think this is a bit to be expected.
4	Delicious, my family and I went here for brunch one Sunday. They quickly sat us, all 8 of us! Brought out some complimentary sticky buns! Wonderful eggs Benedict, coffee was excellent. With a name like El Charro in Phoenix, you'd think Mexican food, but no! They had great selection of salads, palettes, even seafood. It was quite a refreshing break from all the Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. A definite recommendation!
4	I'm not sure what happened - but they made us drink a lot of whiskey!  In all seriousness, we were there f the Whiskey Cocktail School. This special event features 11 (count them) ELEVEN American whiskies complete with Alec's excellent instruction. A great night out- including a delicious braised beef ribs and chile pepper risotto. I would give this 10 stars- but for a couple suggestions. Or I would make it 4 & 15/16 stars...  They brought the infamous sticky buns at the beginning - but after much whiskey drinking only the dinner came. I would complement the tasting with some small appetizers. Also I would add a small cheese course and a small chocolate dessert for the end tastings. Great restaurant that I can tell has owners who care and are present. You can ALWAYS tell the difference. Check out the website for a rocking happy hour too.
5	I have so many wonderful feelings, and delicious experiences at el choreographed. So much that we are actually planning our wedding here ! From their sticky buns to jalepeno polenta, melt in your mouth short rib and buttery goodness lamb... Your experience will be outstanding every time.
5	Yummy! A glass of Riesling and a plate of the pork tenderloins hit the spot. Kudos to the chef! We ordered the chicken livers as our appetizer and those things took me back to the back-woods of Georgia! The barista was very friendly and chatty. I love the new renovations, but would loved to have dined in the old part. The place wasn't crowded, so that section wasn't available for dining.  There is indoor and outdoor seating available. The views from outside are gorgeous! Great place for a romantic dinner or to hang at the bar with the girls.
2	Great atmosphere and location, very average food, nothing unique or appealing in the menu. Missing orders, dishes missing parts of it, nothing to rave about.Never again.
5	Great setting and good prices for Happy Hour Menu. Easy in and out.
4	I enjoyed breakfast here very much.The service was great and so was the food and the mountain views! I had the trout almondine and the pork & green chilli as a starter.
1	I can't remember ever writing a bad review but this place is horrible.  The service is horrendous.  We were extremely polite but the server was rude.  We asked if we could get a plain omelette and he said if it's not on the menu you aren't going to get it.  Who says that?  Every time he came back he had another rude comment.  It's not my fault you are a waiter at 45.... sorry bro...go to school like the rest of us.
5	I was at El Chorro for a wedding rehearsal dinner so my review is based on their private dining services and not the normal dining experience.Upon driving up to the restaurant there is a professional valet that quickly and efficiently gets you out of your car and on your way to a culinary adventure.  Our wedding party had a large private room off to the left of the main restaurant.  While walking over (on a hot and humid day) I noticed several huge mobile air conditioning units to cool the customers on the patio.  I was impressed by them because it's a thoughtful gesture that I haven't seen in many places.  These weren't the cheap (worthless) models.  They were some serious industrial A.C. units and they felt great.The area we had was pretty secluded and private (away from the regular restaurant).  It had a great patio for cocktail hour.  The service was friendly and professional.  They were quick with drinks and quick to clean up empty glasses.The dinner itself was magnificent.  We had a party of ~ 40 people but the service and the food was that of a quaint 5 star dining experience.  The deserts were so good I feared a massive sugar buzz so I had to contain myself (see my uploaded photos).Overall, it was a 5 star experience.  If anyone is considering having a private dinner here (wedding or otherwise) I'd highly recommend it.Fantastic!
1	So disappointed. This is not the El Charro I grew up with. While the sticky buns remain as outrageously amazing as always, the service is shockingly horrible now. I have always loved this place. I actually got married here 20 years ago. I went for happy hour tonight with my family. The food was salty and substandard (aside from the wonderful sticky buns), and the staff was shockingly rude. I am sad to say I will not be returning to my once beloved place. Time has not been kind to El Charro. What was once warm and welcoming, is now cold and unfriendly. What a shame.
4	Went here on vacation for the view and the ambiance. Extremely pleased at the atmosphere and the food quality was excellent. There is nothing like sitting on the patio and watching the sky change colors. The Sea Bass was cooked to perfection and the filet had a good flavor (not like a steak house, but good).  If you like wine they have a decent selection.
4	Stopped at El Chorro for the first time a week ago and we were very pleased.First, we sat outside and the weather was gorgeous. Service was good and the food was delicious. It was a tough week so we really needed a good and relaxing time.I had the braised beef short ribs, but with green chile risotto, hubby had the classic beef stroganoff and our friend had the seasonal wild salmon. We also ordered the mashed potatoes with lobster. For appetizer we had the sausage trio and we shared a  prickly pear creme brulee.The famous sticky buns didn't disappoint.
4	I had one the the best Kale Salads of my life here. Probably because it was covered in candied walnuts, dried cranberries, and several other non-kale itemsBecause of the huge salad, I ended up eating the half order of lamb chops, which also tasted great.  They were cooked a perfect medium rare and did not have the gamey taste that I've been disappointed with at other places.Sitting outside at night made the ambience a bit too romantic, since it was just me and fellow coworker eating. Also made it hard to take pics of my food :P
3	Visited Sep 2014. Unfortunately we went on a rainy day so couldn't enjoy the patio. Happy hour menu had a variety of choices that pleased our group, namely the fried liver. Portions are large and food was good. No complaints. Didn't really blow me away but I will be back for happy hour.
2	If you want a beautiful setting and nice ambiance, the place is perfect, however don't expect great or even friendly service.  The kicker is, after writing to the manager about not one but three staff members who were unfriendly, I not only didn't get a reply but saw that the bartender I mentioned looked me up on LinkedIn!  So no word back from management about my experience or that they even care. Luckily there are plenty of other places to go.
4	Sat outside when we came and it was a lively experience. Everything was very enjoyable and I got a little carried away with the vodka soda's because I was trying to keep up with my boyfriend's family... But it doesn't change the fact that the food was good and the environment was nice.
3	We decided to go here for my birthday dinner since neither of us had been.  The patio seating was beautiful & it was a nice night, so that was a bonus.  Our waiter was very nice & our water glasses were consistantly kept full.  Another bonus was the gluten free menu.We ordered the artisan cheese & charcutrie plate to start & it was very good.  We decided to split the tomato & burrata salad, which was wonderful despite the stems being left on the tomatos, seriously, who does that?!?!I'm not able to have anything with gluten, so I was not able to try the sticky buns, but I'm told by my mother-in-law that they were heaven (we took them home to her).My husband ordered the Rocky Mountain Rack of Lamb and said it was good.Now, for the bad part...I ordered the 6oz Center Cut Filet with a baked potato & I was VERY disappointed to say the least.  My steak had a very odd, almost rancid taste & it was terribly dry.  My grandfather was a cattle rancher so I know good beef & I hold very high standards for beef & this fell very short.  My baked potato had absolutly no flavor whatsoever, even after drowning it in butter & salt (I'm quite sure my blood pressure jumped a few numbers & my arteries closed a little because of this).I was given a free White Chocolate Mousse Cake for my birthday which we could barely eat because it was SO sweet.  I wasn't able to eat the oreo cookie crust, but my husband tried it & said it did help with the extra sweetness a tiny bit.  I do appreciate the thought though.The patio seating, appetizer & the salad made up for the rest of the meal, but I can honestly say that I would not return here unless it was for drinks on the patio.
5	Came to an event which allowed me to get the private dining experience.  Food was incredible, and service was outstanding.  Very nice outside patio ambiance.  Lots of room for people, but still managed to keep the intimate feel.
4	Attended a friend's wedding here this past weekend and I cannot say enough great things about it.  I can't speak for the restaurant since we were in the back hall for special events, but for a wedding it was perfect!   Gorgeous atmosphere and scenery.  There was TONS of space for the ceremony, outdoor cocktail hour and the reception inside with a decent sized dance floor!  Also it felt very private so no restaurant patrons around or cutting through, which is a plus in my book.  I would highly recommend as a place to get hitched!  Now I just need to come back to AZ so I can test out the restaurant.
4	I really enjoy this place.  The atmosphere is the best, the food is great and the staff is wonderful.  Thanks to Phillip last night who was a wonderful server.  Only had bad service once.  They keep the patio temperature great no matter what time of years.  Great for special occasions.
2	I love the architecture and ambiance. The food is ok, most of the time it looks better than what it tastes. The service is up and down... For the price of the food you would think that they would spent a little more attention to how the customers are treated..
5	A remarkable experience from top to bottom. In my twelve years of living in the valley, it was my first time dining at El Chorro and I certainly was not disappointed in any way. From the ease of making a reservation on Opentable to speaking to the hostess on the phone and to being warmly welcomed upon our arrival - it was only the beginning of a great experience.It was a lovely day today sitting on the patio and we had a a great server (Christopher). We both ordered eggs benedict and they were splendid and prepared and delivered to the table in no time. The legendary sticky buns also accompanied our meal and they were beyond delicious but not  as sticky as I expected :-)El Chorro also serves dinner which I was not aware of and the menu looked very appealing. I highly recommend El Chorro as a special venue for get togethers, birthdays, family celebrations or just simply as a getaway for Sunday brunch or dinner. Enjoy!
5	Beautiful ambiance...brunch was delicious...service terrific!
1	Update...went back again with old friends. Beautiful surroundings...and that's it. Rude service once again. I'm done with this place. Makes me so sad, so many happy memories here. Customer service is everything and they just don't have it here.
4	Wow!  I must say - we were impressed.  The last time we were at El Chorro was years ago as the "Old" restaurant.   It was a patio full of old people.   Fast forward now years later and there's a great trendy patio, fire pits and still a bunch of old people.    The menu has definitely changed and looks like they stepped up their game and we look forward to brunch on the patio.  We stopped by after a Christmas party for a quick cocktail and snack.  We opted for the Lobster mac-n-cheese and a platter of Snyder sausage.   Both were delish.   Because the place is much larger than the old small patio, the old people are diluted a bit.   A nice touch was the blanket they give to the ladies who are in skirts and sitting on a cold weather patio.
4	Great service, atmosphere, and food. Good wine selection too. I like the outdoor seating with all the fireplaces. Great for a date or large party. I had the salmon for dinner and it was cooked to perfection. Don't leave without having a sticky bun.
1	I'm writing this review based on the despicable service I received when attempting to make a reservation for a holiday party. I've never been here but have heard that it's a beautiful venue. I called the hostess who was very friendly and when I told her I had a group of 20 was transferred to someone who handles larger events. I told her I was looking for something for 20 people on a certain date but we wanted to do more of a drinks and appetizers type set up. She cut me off right away "we usually run 100 dollars a person so...." READ: "You can't afford this place." I found it to be incredibly disgusting. "Ok I wasn't sure....I've never been there before so wanted to know what you have" cut off again "well we are booked out anyway so try happy hour..."Yikes. Not once did I tell her my budget. Will never understand why people who work in more upscale places often think of themselves are exclusive and celebrity. I will never come here for any reason now. Sad.
1	Excellent experience and ambience. Had a great time however 3 (out of 4) got very sick (likely food poisoning) the next day. Past experiences have been great and this is the first time this has happened but we got very sick and can only attribute it to our dinner at El Chorro.
4	This is now my go to restaurant in Phoenix. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and each area makes for an intimate dining experience despite the restaurant being so big.The sticky bun starter is amazing delicious and it is the perfect precursor for the rest of the meal. I ordered the seafood pasta which was absolutely delicious but after sampling some other dishes, it'll be hard to pick a favorite so I'm going to have to suggest dining family style the next time. Just one little note.... Don't order the lobster mac and cheese because if you are expecting to get lobster, you'll be very disappointed.
4	Four of us dined at El Chorro on Jan. 2, 2015.  The restaurant is nicely appointed with a courtyard for outside dining; large bar inside; and a nice open dining room.  I had the seafood pasta dish which was excellent; my wife had the 1/2 order of the New Zealand lamb chops, which was also excellent; another diner in our party had the short ribs, which he thought were excellent; and the other diner in our party had the trout almondine, which she said was outstanding.  Overall, the food was excellent.  The waitstaff were attentive but not overbearing.  Price was moderate +.  I would recommend the restaurant to a friend and we would return.
