4	Javino's is delightfully North Scottsdale.  It oozes North Scottsdale.  And I love every second of it.Its modern and trendy on the inside.  The dining room is open air to the patio which is enclosed so you don't realize you're in a strip mall parking lot.  It has low lighting with hand blown glass sconces.  Live jazz.  Old men, cougars.  I could see most Yelpers hating it but I love it. I embrace it.  You go somewhere with the right company and it doesn't matter what is going on around you.I went for dinner and wine last night with Melissa H., Ashley A., and a few of our other friends.  (Who I am sure are reading this- Hi Ladies!)  The wine list is extensive and has a large price range for both wines by the glass and by the bottle.  The food comes in a few varieties, small plates, entrees, and pizzas.  I do think the prices that they charge for small plates is slightly outrageous and some of the entrees as well.  (I can't vouch for the serving size of the small plates , the price could be justified with a large serving.)  However, the $10 pizzas are fantastic.  I had the loaded veggie which was actually loaded with toppings well dispersed on my pizza, unlike the pizza at Cibo.  It was better in every aspect to be honest.  I did think that the hummus was a tad spicy but it was good nonetheless.  I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to spice. I'm taking off a star for the high price of the small plates and the incredibly loud live music.  It's a great place to go for a relaxing yet nice meal or to just have some wine at the bar.  We don't have many wine bars like that up here so I welcome it with open arms.
4	What a find in a strip mall! The inside is warm and cozy, and I love the open air dining room and patio. Like Ashley A. and Kristin S. said, the live music, while good, was much too loud. Carrying on a conversation, while possible, was hampered due to the music.  Our server was very nice and let three of us who arrived before happy hour ended at 7 to put a last minute drink order in for us; attentive and patient while waiting on six women.  Plus, she was very nice to run 5 different credit cards to pay the bill.The menu was diverse and included small plates, entrees, and pizza. Everyone at the table tried a pizza and the consensus was that they were all very good.  I tried the bruschetta pizza and it was delicious, and I'm not even a huge gourmet pizza fan. My husband ate my leftovers for dinner on Friday night, and he said it was delicious as well and it heated up nicely (you never know with leftovers how they will taste the next day!). I thought some of the prices of the small plates were a tad high, but not sure the size of them.  I'm taking one star off because I didn't find the happy hour price of my wine very much of a deal.  $7.50 for a glass of Riesling at happy hour? Maybe I'm spoiled by Caffe Boa's happy hour, but I don't find $7.50 much of a happy hour deal (the glass normally was $9.50). Maybe $2 off during happy hour is a deal at a place like Javino's, but I've seen better happy hour specials other places.
4	Javino's is super speedy and delicious for lunch.   The portions are massive, quite frankly, and the majority of the lunch menu is just under $10.   The mediterranean wrap has marinated olives & a mild red pepper hommous that make it stand out as more than just some thrown together semi-middle-eastern fare that you can find across the strip mall at Extreme Pita.   The waitstaff is friendly and efficient, and the lunch crowd is laid back and eclectic.    The salads are absolutely fresh, the vinaigrette is delicious.   The wood fired pizza that I tried left a little to be desired - spinach and artichoke was a bit bland - but the crust was crispy and thin, and I still just can't get over the fact that I got a big old salad and a personal pizza for $9.95 in North Scottsdale.    Get in there before they raise the prices.
4	Can I admit that part of my reasoning for trying Javino's was based on the delightful review of Kristin S.?She was right...this place is VERY North Scottsdale.  First you have the parking lot-peppered with your Mercedes, BMW, and my personal must have in the desert-HUMMER!  When you walk inside the restaurant which is nicely placed in a strip mall parking lot you really do loose the fact that you are next to a Golds Gym.Service was great!  I loved that when the food was brought to the table, it was not brought by the slightly too informal server, but the very  accurate chef.  When asked about a certain sauce, he could answer and find the perfect pairing.  Drinks: I loved the wine list!  Kind of pricey for a glass but nothing too outrageous.  My girlfriend tried their 'summer cocktail' which was served with a cucumber on the side of the glass!  As you can imagine, it was SO refreshing that we wanted to walk down the street and get a facial!The food good.  I had the ahi tuna salad which was out of this world.  My best friend had the bruschetta pizza and together we decided we had to knock a star because the pizza lacked the extra punch that any good bruschetta delivers (ie: lots of tomato's, vinegar, spices, etc..).The ambience was nice although we were there on a Tuesday night and missed out of the live jazz everyone mentions.  I really liked this place and can see myself coming back.  It is VERY easy to get to from the 101, has a menu where most people can find something to enjoy, and who doesn't like to stop into Golds Gym for a quick pump after a glass of Merlot!
4	Javinos' A very nice / elegant / stylish Wine Bar - with a great selection of wines and a great menu for food.  Now, most wine bars have wine and no or barely  any food - this place is an exception - Great Lunch and Dinner menu - an excellent  happy hour appetizer menu as well - love the individual pizza's.  The wine selection is updated often, so you can always go in and get your favorite vino  and try something new.   They also have full bar service, for those of you that don't par-take in wine.  Live entertainment / 2-3 person bands are known to be in during the week. Happy Hours are great, from aged eye candy to young eye candy as well.  We usually sit in the bar to eat and drink, but they have a nice dining room as well.  Dress - I've seen jeans to suits and everything in-between.  The service has always been excellent, very friendly and professional service staff.  It's also in my GREEN zone of Alcohol related places - meaning, no freeways to drive to get home after a few bottles of superb wine.
4	I loved Javino's! On a scale of 5 stars I had to delegate 4 stars to the wonderful wine bar! The atmosphere was amazing and quaint! The beverages were fantastic and the in house band played some great chill out music. Javino's is one of those places that you won't be disappointed at all!Stop by and enjoy a happy hour or an afternoon snack!
5	I admit I don't think of this place as often as I should when it's time to get a bite but I have had a lot of good experiences here.  I have only been for lunch but I have been 4 or 5 times. Their prices are very reasonable, their food is good, fresh and one of my priorities- consistent. Almost every time I have been I have had the chopped Aegean salad and it's awesome- it's big, really cold, yummy, loaded with good stuff and well, big! I do make it a point to try a bite of other dishes (depending on who I am there with :) and I have yet to be disappointed. Their lentil soup is great and they have this grilled artichoke that is the shiz. The service is always good and they are never too busy around the lunching hours so it works out great for quick or client meetings. Do yourself a favor and try it out, you will spend about the same as a chain for lunch and you will make a much better impression on whoever you go with ;)
4	Javino's is a great place for a quick lunch with sophisticated atmosphere. It was a work day, so we didn't get to sample any of their wine list, but the food was delicious. I went for the slider trio of ahi tuna, tenderloin and pulled pork. All three were extremely tasty and were served up with a small side of regular fries and sweet potato fries. Just enough to be full, but not so much that I was stuffed. Our server was EXCELLENT......extremely friendly and helpful with the menu. The restaurant decor was sophisticated, but not stuffy, and they have a great patio. The dinner menu also looks wonderful. We definitely need to get back here for a full meal and some wine! A great addition to the Northsight/Airpark area!
4	So this place has been opened for some time now and I finally got around to checking it out with Marcus. I work right across the street and decided to have lunch. I was pleasantly surprised with the interior and food. I had the spicy chicken sandwich since I was trying to stay on the healthy side. The sandwich was really tasty and I don't know what type of sauce/mayo they put on it, but it worked. The interior is quite nice. I've since been back for dinner and had the lamb chops, very tasty. However, the best was the garlic mashed potatoes, scrumptious! I will definitely go back.
4	We took our out of town visitors here this weekend and we had a great experience.  I had the tuna tartare and it was fresh, sashimi grade and really good.   Husband had pike sliders which taste better than they sound.  Saturdays are happy hour all day with wines $5 a glass. We ordered 2 bottles but they didn't give us the discount so when my husband questioned the bill they gave all of us an extra glass of wine and 2 bottles to take home.  Great customer service!
5	This is one of my favorite lunch spots during the week. I personally bring a lot of clients here. Its trendy and the food and service are professional and accurate. Its also never gets packed during the day so the noise level is perfect for lunch meetings.Great atmosphere and there is wifi. My personal favorite dish is the vegetable stuffed red peppers. There are many other terrific dishes as well.
2	Happy hour drinks were overpriced and under poured, the service on the patio was super slow and unprofessional, and the appetizers were bland.The lone bright spot was the walleye appetizer. I would go back for that but will most definitely sit at the bar for quicker service.
4	My first visit to Javino's, and it was a business lunch with a prospective client.  My first impressions were very favorable from the look and feel of the colors and design, the very attractive and polite hostess immediately welcomed us and offered to seat us.    Our server, Sheldon, was very attentive to us, giving us the "space" to talk over our business while making sure that we had everything we needed.  Lunch was fantastic, for me, the Javinos burger was perfect, and my guests enjoyed their wrap, and the shrimp salad.   All in all this was a very nice place with a warm environment and very good service!
4	I came here for lunch yesterday. Around 12:30, it wasn't very busy but it wasn't dead, either. My friend and I sat outside on the patio and even in the mid 80's, it felt very nice out there. There is a fountain in the middle of the outdoor patio which is a relaxing touch. The menu consisted of apps, sandwiches/wraps, salads, pizzas and some other dinner entrees. I saw someone order the fried calamari and it looked delicious..maybe next time for me. I ordered the small Bruschetta pizza which was about 6 small slices and $6. It was delicious and the crust just right. My friend had the mediteranean wrap which was $7. It also came with a chopped salad. I thought the prices were surprisingly reasonable for the location. It looks like it would be way more expensive than it is but it definitely fits in my budget.
4	Shrimp & Serrano pizza, droooool!  I just love it!Went for happy hour and had the shrimp pizza, a shrimp cocktail and a sauvignon blanc that I really enjoyed, and of course, no, I did not make note of it :-(They've lowered their prices and they are definitely worth going over for dinner or happy hour or lunch :-)Initially, the service started out really strong.  She was new, but was trying and was very friendly!  But, towards the end, we waited and had to ask for our check...Time for dinner!!!!
4	Stopped in for a late lunch this week (3pmish).   The spicy italian sausage pizza with added bruschetta topping was delicious.  Great light crust with gently charred edges.  Sausage was good - though not as spicy as I think spicy should be - easy fix was to add a few pepper flakes!  $6 for the small was not bad.  I'll be back to try the fig one next!Only minor issue was the food crumbs on the table from the last patron...
2	Technically speaking, this restaurant has everything a good restaurant in North Scottsdale should have: nice decor and ambiance, intriguing menu with lots to try, live music, and a good location.  After reading some stellar four and five star reviews on Yelp, we were pretty excited to try it out for dinner, however we found ourselves leaving sorely disappointed with both the food and the service.  Mistake #1:  Not a big crowd on a Friday night. Granted we did arrive a little later than the normal dinner crowd (8ish), but there were very few people eating here which was a little disconcerting.Mistake #2:  Had to wait over half an hour just to order, even though the place was empty.  Our waiter apparently decided to go on a smoke break (and we're not talking cigarettes here people) right when we sat down.  This left me no option but to go to the front and ask the girls why we weren't being served.  They apologized profusely and got our waiter out to our table in a few minutes. Mistake #3:  The food was not that great.  We ordered two small pizzas, two appetizers (baby back ribs and stuffed bell pepper) and pork tenderloin cooked to medium.  The pizza's both were cold and tasted like cardboard and the pork tenderloin was a little on the tough side, definitely not cooked medium.  The appetizers were okay, but for all the food that we got, we both left ready to snack when we got home since we didn't finish our less than spectacular meal.I will say that the prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was pleasant, but those are about the only redeeming qualities I can find in this restaurant.  We will surely not go back to Javino's for the simple fact that there are an abundance of restaurants in Scottsdale alone that offer the whole package in the dining experience without compromising the service or the quality of food.  Nice try though.... 2.5/5.
4	My Husband and I recently visited this spot for Happy hour and was pleasantly surprised on how much we enjoyed the place, we haunt many wine spots but we really enjoyed this one and definitely plan on going back. The food was good, the presentation could be better. They had a lot of negative space in there plating. The food was decent, we only ordered appetizers and a few bottles of wine. The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table. We did have ruffly about 8 people at our table so have great service with that many people says something great about the restaurant. We sat on the patio and the ambiance was excellent . The water feature in the middle was a great touch. Great wine, Great food, Great ambiance.
4	Nice place if you like the traditional dark dank tuscany stucco crap interiors but this is a food review.I had the shrimp and serrano pizza for lunch.  It was awesome.  Great flavor and a nice thin crispy crust in either 6 or 8 inch sizes.  I will be going back next week for another.Good friendly service, easy to find and plenty of parking.
3	This place has a lot of potential; I really want it to do well. I went there on Saturday night with my husband around 7 pm and it was jam packed. Good for them! We felt a little out of place since it was a much much older crowd, (in bad capris, shorts and flip flops...doesn't anybody make an effort anymore? This part of town, I guess.) Anyway, we had a nice booth, but it was directly across from the pizza oven, so we were quite warm. Pleasant server, good busser/foodrunner keeping our waters filled. We decide to try the Bruschetta for a starter and the Rib-eye dinner for two for $28...an unbelievable price. The Bruschetta was quite good (and at $6 also a good value) and with a nice mozzerella and balsamic drizzle...it was tasty. The Rib-eye's on the other had, were not so nice. But, I must stress, these meals were $14 each...what did I expect? The steaks were large and tough; my husband said his tasted old. Yikes. Mine wasn't that bad, and the potatoes and veggies were flavorful. Our thoughts, under the premise of "if we were running this restaurant", are: we would have offered a much smaller but higher quality piece of steak. Food for thought, Javino's. In our opinion, quality over quantity every time.  As we were eating we were able to keep an eye on the drama with the staff...and  watch how hard those boys in the kitchen were working! It was really busy, and they all did seem to work well as a team, manager included. At one point, a sweet, young server comes back with a couple of plates to the manager  (I guess someone sent back there food) and burst into tears. Ah, we felt so bad! I hate it when customers make the server cry and if the food was no good how on earth is that her fault?! Well, major points to the manager who gave her a big hug and went to deal with the table. I was impressed. Also, live music going on... a very nice touch. We left feeling like it was an okay place, I liked better than my husband, but something was just kind of "off". Maybe they have an identity crisis? Are they a wine bar or are they trying to be fine dining? Either way, I definitely want to go back again soon to try something else on the menu. If for no other reason than how kind that manager was to the server. I have worked in the industry and have been treated like garbage in the same situation. So, kudos. Your staff looks happy.
4	Javinos has been in my long list of favorite North Scottsdale business lunch locations. The dark stone and sistine chapel reminiscent ceilings add to the old world charms and remind me of many NYC - area Italian restaurants. The food is terrific especially the stuffed peppers! The other evening I met friends for a wine tasting there. For cost, the value was exceptional. It included a dinner plate sampling of several entrees as well as a complimentary wine pairing. The experience allowed for a briefing sampling of their other menu items and I was not displeased.One negative, when seated in the center of the dinning room the acoustics are exceptional. You can hear everyone else's conversations at other dining tables. The down fall is you cannot hear the person sitting next to you. I'm assuming it is the result of the way the ceiling is shaped. Best idea when you want to grab a serious conversation of business negotiation aim for the seating closer to the walls. The food is delicious where ever you sit.Eat well!See pics and my review on whentozen.com http://whentozen.com/2010/10/javinos-wine-bar-and-restaurant/
4	THIS PLACE IS PERMANENTLY CLOSED???  Last time we called was summer of 2011 and the voicemail said that the restaurant was closed for the summer.  It is no longer summer and the place is still CLOSED!!!!  Too bad because of my previous review below...Great outside sitting area, good food too!  The AC gets a bit too cold sometimes but if you say something, they will turn it down.  This place looks classy, nice decor.Very good lunch selections under $10.00.  The service is good, they take very good care of you.  We asked for something on the dinner menu and they served it to us.  They have a good wine selection but we haven't tried it yet as my coworkers and I go there at lunch.Try the spinach dip.  It is awesome.  Small salad plates are good and healthy.  Pizza is good, sandwiches are creatively put together.
2	Javino, as other reviewers say, has all of the right elements- great location; stylish design and a good menu. We have been there more than 3 times and the same issue has ensued each time. SERVICE.  Usually I go with hubby for a quick date lunch but found myself on my own the other day. I decided to give it another go because I love the walleye sandwich (without the bread). I came in, sat down, and it was at least 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged me. Granted they were brisk, but not super busy. Finally I ordered my favorite- walleye sandwich without the bun; grilled instead of deep fried. Server was very unfriendly and said-"the fish just won't work that way." I said, well I have had it that way on at least 2 other occasions and it was fine. He really kept pushing it but I insisted. I never saw him again until long after the food arrived. The blue cheese on the side salad was divine and the walleye was good but the service will keep me away. They need to understand friendliness.
3	I went here for lunch with some coworkers. The staff was very friendly and fast. We sat inside but the patio area looked cute and cozy. The prices for lunch are very reasonable($7 for my sandwich + side). I had the spicy chicken breast sandwich with fries. For me the portion was just right for a lunch entree but some of the guys thought the portions were a little small for the sandwich's. The personal pizzas looked good and the small sized pizza was actually pretty big. Next time I would try one of the pizzas over one of the sandwich's.
3	I went again last night with a couple of girlfriends for HH.  I think they do a pretty good job, it is not spectacular but the service and food are pretty good IMHO.  I had the Raspberry Lemon Drop, which was good and the Strawberries and Cream martini which was ok.  My dinner was very tasty, I had the special, Salmon with Blueberry mango salsa.  The salmon was a little overcooked but still very tasty.  One of my friends had the shrimp ravioli, I had a taste of it and it was pretty good, a little too rich for me.  I am sure we will be back in a few months.
3	Went with friends and we ordered several appetizers to share. The calamari was good and not tough or overcooked. One person had the shrimp pizza and they loved it. The wine list is good and has some favorites and some different labels than I have seen in other places - so you have choices.The ambiance is nice and feels like you are somewhere other than the desert. We were there on a Friday a little late, but it was not busy. Do they know something I don't?The staff was nice albeit a bit slow to take our order. I'll try it again.
5	FANTASTIC wine and jazz bar! Went here on rainy Saturday night looking for some great wine and a fun atmosphere and we found it! We nibbled on the Walleye fingers and they were golden brown and just right served with two, red and white, sauces. We also had the spinach and artichoke dip which was also really good. We then split the Greek flat bread pizza and added chicken and that was delicious! All this great food and two bottles of wine while listening to a great jazz player and sitting in a relaxing ambiance. I would go back for sure!
3	Stopped in here for lunch with some business associates.  If the weather is nice, you've got to get a seat on the patio.Food is OK.  Nothing to exciting or cutting edge.  My club sandwich and cole slaw were just fine. They were a little slow on the iced tea refills.
5	Went there for a first date, and now I look like a genius thanks to Yelp.  The wine was great, the food was prepared with care and creativity, and the service was impeccable.Really like the Old World styling of the place.  This is a fantastic place for a date, or I would say just to stop by a classy place for a drink
4	Want walleye?  Go to Javino's!  Now that Barney's Boathouse no longer serves it, this is the best in Scottsdale.  It's perfectly done, with the lightest of batters, and available as appetizer, sandwich, or entree.  The rest of the menu is pretty conventional American Pub.The patio is one of the most charming around.  It has open but heavily-screened walls and an open but closable roof providing plenty of shade, charming columns and a fountain right in the center, and no absence of service.
2	Met some colleagues for drinks here the other night.  We were having a good time, then all of a sudden at 8:45 pm our server comes over to tell us that it was last call.....what?!  Yep, last call because they close at 9 pm.......you gotta be kidding me?!  What is this?!Oh well, we paid and we left.Return Factor - 10%
