5	I just bought a brand new Blackberry Torch in August when they first came out. Over the weekend my screen went completely black and the phone would not turn on at all.I took it in Sunday afternoon to this AT&T location and Sean was EXTREMELY helpful and very nice. He checked my phone out and couldn't get it to turn on either so he gave me a brand new Torch right out of the box and got it up and working as quickly as possible. I had purchased a screen cover when I originally bought the phone and he gave me a new one at no charge to me, saying it wasn't my fault the phone just stopped working. I REALLY appreciated that he also let me use the restroom which technically was employee's only - I really had to go. Anything to do with cell phone malfunctions is quite stressful and Sean's customer service made what could have been such a terrible situation SO much better. I really love coming across people this nice and helpful because it seems like such a rarity these days.
5	Sometimes I am hesitant to buy. Today, I took the plunge and got an iPhone 4. Huge purchase. I bought myself out of my T-mobile contract too. I came into some extra cash, so I thought...why the hell not.I paid a visit to this store a week ago, and met with a buy named Sean. Nice guy. Seemed very patient. Went over all the rate plans with me. Wasn't upset that I didn't buy from him on that very visit. I told him that I was locked into a contract.It was his calm demeanor that triggered me to go back to this store today, but I shunned off a few other sales reps and waited 20 minutes just for Sean.He had me in and out of there in no time.Nice work broski.
4	I've got mixed feelings about at&t... just as I'm sure that most people have mixed feelings about their mobile carrier.  But this review isn't for at&t as a company, it's just for the Scottsdale store where I stopped in recently to return a phone.Long story, but I had a temporary android phone and hated it.  After hours (literally hours) on the phone with at&t customer service, I worked it out so that I could return my android phone at this store and then head over to the apple store with my upgrade eligible status to get the new iPhone.  That part is another story, and took longer than expected, but luckily, I did have a decent experience at this store thanks to the help I received from Hasen, the retail sales consultant that helped me out. I hope there isn't really ever a need to return to this store, but if you must go, ask for Hasen... he was friendly, answered my questions, and provided the service I was seeking in a speedy yet attentive manner.
1	I went in to this store to buy a new sim card for my iPad 2 that I had picked up on Craigslist. When I got to the store one of the female associates told me I needed to apply for an iPad plan. I I thought this was odd since the service is prepaid and not under contract. I have less than stellar credit so I was told a deposit would be needed. I refused and bought a sim card online without any application needed when I got home. It appears this lady was trying to make a few extra bucks at my expense. Not a good experience at all and this is why I have my cell phone through Verizon.
3	I'd been on Apple's "priority list" for the iPhone 4 for over a week, and I figured that I would try out this location to see if they had any in stock.  I happened to be in the neighborhood, and the Apple store was pretty busy and most likely out of stock, so I went in here to have a look.What a contrast to the Apple Store.  There's no one there to greet you, point you in the right direction, see if you have any questions that can be answered quickly, etc.  I saw a guy sitting in the front window playing with his phone, and another person standing behind a desk on the lower level.  I wasn't sure, but I had a sneaking suspicion that this person playing with his phone actually worked at the store.  I walked to the upper level, and there was one person ahead of me, and he seemed to be getting pretty good service at the desk, so I figured I'd wait for the lone lady behind the desk to be done with him.  All the while, another gentleman, who appears to work for this store, walked right by me, went behind the front counter, and disappeared through a door in the back without even an "are you being helped?"So, I stood and waited between five and ten minutes.  Finally, an official-looking man with a name tag asks me if I need help.Me:  "Hi, I was wondering if you had any of the iPhone 4 in stock?"Him:  "Everybody's ordering them."  (I don't care for the dismissiveness, and you could've just said, "I'm sorry, we don't have them in now.")He then proceeded to tell me that they had the iPhone 4 for cheaper than the Apple Store, and that I could order one through him.*blink* Huh?  I didn't think the AT&T Store could sell that for less than Apple.  I asked him to explain.  He said, "At the Apple Store, they charge you tax based on the retail price of the phone."  (Isn't that what they're supposed to do?  In that case, how are you charging sales tax?)  I asked him something to the effect of, "How is that possible?"  His response was, "I don't work for them."*blink*He then asked me if I wanted to order.  I said I'd prefer to wait for the Apple Store.  He then said, "So, you're alright with paying more for it?"*blink*I walked out.I don't know if they're on commission, but they shouldn't make it so obvious if they are.  And I don't exactly believe that AT&T can sell Apple's product for less than Apple is selling it for - I am reasonably certain there's got to be some kind of resale price maintenance agreement.  The bottom line is that I felt like I was being sold to, and the person spoke to me in a condescending manner.Perhaps I would have had a different experience with a different employee, but judging by some of the other reviews on here, I am not so sure.  I think I'll try other AT&T stores in the future, or just go to the Apple Store.  Sure, they may charge more (though I doubt it for the iPhone 4) but they've always made me feel comfortable and treated me like a customer rather than a potential sale.
1	I have been to this store twice now and every time its a hassle to get what I need done. My phone is part of a business account and in order for them to do anything they ask me for the biz tax ID#, not the account number or the account password, the biz tax ID#, even though I am attached as a MASTER on the account. They refuse to do anything unless I have this number even if I have the phone already activated. All I needed was a new sim card because of an error I was receiving on my iPhone that said my sim card was invalid. She gave me a new sim card but was reluctant to activate it for me, she insisted I call and take care of it. I don't know how long she has worked with AT&T but without my sim card working it would be very difficult to make a phone call and activate my new card therefor making it useless. Now I understand there are policies that are in place that prevent them from taking action if they do not have the necessary information needed to authorize an account. However, here is the problem, every time I leave this store I either call or go to another at&t store and the fix my problem every time hassle free and they never ask me for the BIZ tax ID#, sometimes they don't ask me for anything but my phone number.The customer service I have seen has been nice........ but only if you are buying a product, if you have a service/account related problem forget it! I have personally had some of the most unfriendly service, the employees I have dealt with have been far from helpful and would rather me not even be in the store giving them buisness. Thats fine, I will steer all my friends clear of this store and make sure never to come back again unless I have no other options. Even if this store is my last option, I think I would rather not have a cell phone.
1	This review is basically for AT & T in general - not this store; however I want to make sure everyone realizes how they treat their clients. I was a client for over 20 years. I made the decision to change to Verizon, and I called and was told that my contract expired on February 1st. I canceled my account on February 2nd. You all know that you pay your bill in advance, so I was paid from 1-22 through 2-22. Paid my bill. Thought I would get a credit for the unused 20 days. Not so. You get zero credit. So here is a caution to everyone. Your contract expiration date is one thing; but you must pay through the entire cycle even if you are no longer a client. Horrible customer service. Horrible.
1	Entered the store looking to buy a new phone after my iPhone screen shattered.  There were 2 customers and 2 employees helping them.  I stood there for 15 minutes.  No one ever looked up and said anything.  I left and still no one said anything.  I went to the yogurt shop, came back 15 minutes later, and it was still the same 2 customers and 2 employees.  Again, no one said anything, not even "you are next" or "we will help you once we finish with these customers."  So I left again.
1	DO NOT use the ATT dealer at bell and the 101 near skeptical chemist . I took my phone in there because it got wet and got a new one. They didn't have many models in stock but sold me an S4 that was not waterproof after me asking for one and then denied I asked. These guys are scum.
1	Liars!!!!!!   Went in this evening to order iPhone 6, when told shipping dates was told that Space Gray 128GB would ship within 24 hours, and 64 GB would be two weeks, so I decide I wanted my new toy and paid a little more for the 128 GB.  leave store all happy. 30 minutes later get email that will ship in 7 to 14 business days.  I immediately call the store, phone rolls over to a voice mail box not set up- for 32 minutes.  then if course store closes.
