5	Best Chinese food in Gilbert/Mesa and at great prices. They have authentic dishes found only at authentic places. The mei fun is awesome. You MUST try the fried dumplings for am old standard, which are the best I have ever had. Yummy.
5	The best Chinese restaurant in the area, hands down.  Absolutely delicious.
5	The egg foo young was a really big portion. I was pleasantly surprised. It was hot and fresh when I got it. The fried rice is also really good. The spring rolls are 2 for $1.95. Overall it was perfect and I would order from them again.
5	Simply amazing!  Just ordered delivery from this place and it's the best Chinese around!  We just moved to Gilbert and this was the first place that popped up to try.  The staff was friendly when we called in to order and the delivery man was also very friendly when he came to the door.
5	Finally a great Chinese place close to home! Read the great reviews and since a menu arrived in the mail, we headed right over to check it out.  Lunch menu is huge, Hot and Sour soup satisfied my craving. Server was so friendly and the food came out in minutes.  Best Crab Rangoon I have had since moving here 6 years ago.
1	Worst Chinese food ever!   Waited over 90 min for delivery to hotel then absolutely nothing tasted like it should have.   Kung pao chickens only vegetable was 2 pieces of broccoli, and it tasted like sweet &  sour chicken.  Would never recommend!
1	Where to start? We live in an area that doesn't really have a choice for delivery and so we chose Grace Garden over China Pearl. BAD choice. To start, the girl that answered the phone was not very pleasant. She was impatient with me after I asked a couple of questions and definitely wanted to end the call asap. I ordered a Chicken with Mixed Vegetables, a Triple Delight, Crab Rangoons, Donuts, and chicken nuggets and fries for a little one. It took over 55 minutes for us to get our food. Upon opening the food I knew something was up. Nothing looked fresh, it smelled funky and it was...COLD. The nuggets were just microwave nuggets (I thought they'd be more like sweet and sour chicken nuggets without the sauce), the fries were soppy wet, the donuts were burnt AND soggy (I'm used to crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside), the chicken and mixed vegetables had horrible flavor and the vegetables tasted rotten. The Triple Delight was ok except for the beef which tasted grinded and then patted into a strip and I had gristle in mine. I literally could not finish my meal.  The crab rangoons were also mushy and not crunchy whatsoever. Honestly, I would not be surprised if the delivery kid got the order and then went to smoke a bowl or go to a friends house before delivering it to us. That or they just let our stuff sit under a hot lamp. I never thought you could really mess up Chinese food but this was proof that you actually can. That food was obviously made LONG before it ever made it to us. I would never recommend this place to anyone and I will never, EVER be returning as a customer. Terrible.
5	I've ordered delivery (Egg Drop Soup. Pan Fried Dumplings. Egg Rolls and Pork Fried rice). Eaten on location (Orange Chicken. Seafood Platter). This is some of the best Chinese food I have had in this town. Between freshly made and being full of great flavors I cannot recommend this place enough.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place.  Have it delivered once a week.  Always fresh and always fast!
4	Ordered from them for the first time tonight. Girl on the phone was very pleasant and answered questions I had regarding vegetarian tofu options. Very patient and kind.Food was delivered in a timely fashion. Hot and fresh. Good size portions for price. We had orange tofu with white rice for my vegetarian daughter. I had sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, and an egg roll. I really liked that the sweet and sour sauce was on the side. We thought the food was very good. We have enough for at least 2 more meals! Definitely will order from here again.Excellent service and food.
4	Eating here now, wonton soup is good. Kung pow chicken very good. Loved the egg roll. I would definitely come back! Very reasonable prices.
5	I am not really sure what Adria R.'s problem is, maybe she was smoking a bowl as her remark was in bad taste and not the food.  I eat here on an almost daily basis and can not get enough of the lunch specials (priced from $5 to $6, especially the L03 (shrimp and chicken combo)  which comes with a healthy helping of freshly stirred meat, veggies and choice of white or brown rice. You also have the choice of a drink or soup with that lunch special.  Other times I will just order the chicken rice soup or the chicken nuggets which are moist and ABCDelicious!  On average I eat there about five days a week and I don't gain weight but it leaves you feeling full but not like your going to bust a gut which is perfect.  Even my daughter who was staying with me for a few weeks could not get enough and she wanted to take some back to Vegas as she can not find food like this out there that tastes this good.  I refer everybody over there and the consensus from them is a 5 star rating and they go back for more!I would not focus so much on the rare one star reviews that like to inject drug innuendos on a delivery guys looks, that is callous and vain and speaks bounds to Adria and her up in the air nose attitude.  As a matter of fact just ignore the little girl and go in and try the Grace Garden yourself.  You will love it!
3	We usually order delivery from this location.  We've tried a few different places and this is the best so far.  The family dinner combo has a great selection.  We ordered the wonton soup a couple of times but it was WAY too salty.  Otherwise this place is decent.  Delivery time is fast also.
4	I've had lunch take-out here on several occasions and I've been pleased each time. There typically aren't a lot of customers in the restaurant around mid-day so the service is always fast and the employees have been helpful and pleasant. I've never felt rushed or treated with anything but respect by the staff. The quality is great for the price you pay. The food is always hot and you get a a very generous sized portion. For around $6 you can get a lunch special that also comes with a heaping portion of pork fried rice and your choice of either a soup or a soda. Regarding Adria R's post, it seems her experience was a definite outlier. I'm not sure who expects a Chinese restaurant to have excellent chicken nuggets, fries, and donuts. If you stick to what they specialize in (Chinese food) I'm sure you'll be more than satisfied. Additionally, on their website they clearly state that delivery orders can take around 45 minutes to be delivered. All in all Grace Garden is in my opinion the best Chinese food in the area and is definitely worth a try.
1	Got the  imperial seafood and it was horrible, cost me 17.00 to have it delivered across the road to my work, veggies where from a bag and the seafood was really , really chewy. I am not feeling so well after eating just a small plate. Dodge this place!
4	We where looking for something close and quick.I love the fact that we could order on line with current pricing. After placing the order, drove right over. Now they where not busy, but the order was done and ready. The food, chicken fried rice and beef/broccoli was excellent! Great flavors, good size portions and fairly priced. This will be a goto in the future.
5	First time delivery order.  Delivered in 30mins and is hot and delicious.  Good value, good sized portions.
2	Pretty darn bad food. Most of it was cold. Wokee express is much better.  Not recommended.  BTW... bring your jacket,  cold as a meat locker in here.
