3	Decent range somewhat close to the city.  The mats are pretty solid; however, the grass range needs to be tended too.  It's like hitting out of US Open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.  Which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...Still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game, but are somewhat short on time (having a job kinda sucks sometimes, no?).
1	Owning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.  I don't think I ask much out of a driving range.  Decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.  Hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.  This place has none of them.  It is april and there are no grass tees yet.  BTW they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.  The mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt Irene's house.  Worn and thread bare.  Let's talk about the hours.  This place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  It is still light out.  Finally lets you have the pit to hit into.  When I arrived I wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.  There is no grass on the range. Just mud.  Makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.  Oh, they are cash only also.Bottom line, this place sucks.  The best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in Pittsburgh.
1	This place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
4	Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing. I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised. It's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility. The guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from. A big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass. I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....Price for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
4	I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!
