5	We had Aaron w/Desert Wolf come out and fix our heater/ac unit and install a new air handler and he did an amazing job! We previously had different companies come out and were very unhappy until we called Desert Wolf!  He was very knowledgeable, informative, honest and was willing to answer all of my questions (which were many, and didnt seem annoyed or rushed like the other companies.He showed that he cared and made sure we were happy! One thing that I was really impressed with, was that he took his time to do a good job and didn't rush! Great price and great service!! I will definitely only call Desert Wolf in the future!!
5	Desert Wolf was recommend to me  by East Valley Appliance Repair. I had 3 companies out to get my air working working properly and all failed. Desert Wolf got it right and for a reasonable price. Aaron showed me everything that had to be done and told me why. I highly recommend Desert Wolf.
5	We needed our a/c checkup before summer and called Desert Wolf Air Conditioning.  Aaron arrived at the time he said he would. He spent hours thoroughly checking and cleaning our units. He was most helpful in recommending ways that we could perform our own maintenance on the units to prolong their life and improve efficiency (and save money).  Our units work great and we are much cooler this year. By the way, Aaron isn't just a tech,  he is the owner and takes GREAT pride in the work he does. We are customers for life!
5	If you are looking for someone that is reliable and honest this is your guy.  I needed to get a mini split installed - he told me exactly what he was going to do and how much it was going to cost.  It actually took a little longer to install than he had estimated, but the price did not change.  The last rip off AC guy I used charged by the hour, but I did not realize that until he tried to give me a massive bill.  You will not be sorry for calling Desert Wolf!
5	Aaron at Desert Wolf is fair, honest, friendly and did great work. He came out quickly, worked hard for hours, fixed our air conditioner, and charged way less than any of the other estimates I got. He explained everything thoroughly and took clear pictures of what he did, so I didn't have to climb up on the roof to see what was wrong. I would not hesitate to call Desert Wolf again.
