5	Awesome sushi, great service and prices and they give you a bunch of coupons to come back.
5	Great great great. Wonderful service and great sushi and even better sushi. Have been 4 times since they opened. Must go to see for yourself..
4	Really nice place. The food is Good and the staff goes out of their way to provide great service. I will be back soon
5	Great sushi restaurant!Better than Ishi, the restaurant across the street, with great service and sushi chefs.They have us free sushi. :D
1	I was visiting from NYC and a friend of mine convinced me that the food here was great...boy was she dead wrong!!! The chefs that cook on the hibachi grill were unenthusiastic, my sushi was disgusting!!!! My husband hated his food and my son got food poisoning from the food. The chef put raw chicken on the grill along with other pieces of food that was cooked already. He also used the same spatula to he tossed the raw chicken with the toss them rice.....gross. I promise I will never go back!
1	Went there for takeout Hibachi Chicken and Shrimp. It was our second visit.Their version was deep fried, then sauce poured over. The grilled vegetables became sauteed onions, a few pieces of zucchini and a few small slices of carrot. The 'teriaki' sauce was brown, sweet but unlike anything I have ever had.Should have taken a cue from a recently downsized menu.Not on our list to try again.
1	Before new management took over this place the old management was absolutley amazing. They came out with this coupon book which included a 50% off sushi!!! Went a couple weeks later and there was new management. I went to use my coupong (after already ordering) and they would not accept it. Their reasoning was because it is "new management". I only had enough for what the price would be with 50% off and I asked to speak to manager and he was extremely rude and nasty. My roomate ordered sweet tea and never recieved it, and also the food has completely gone down hill. the "sauce" that was supposed tocome with my roomate's meal was like water when it was supposed to be cream based. Terrible Experince I will never go back unless management changes.
