3	You want a monster sandwich that will challenge the hunger of even the burliest man? Go order a Dagwood from Gandolfo's deli. It's roast beef, turkey, ham, pastrami, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, mayo, spicy mustard, salt and pepper, as close to nirvana as I'm ever getting. (In case you couldn't tell by the ingredients, I was a little indecisive about what kind of sandwich I wanted, so I just took the works.)During lunch it can get a little hairy in Gandolfo's deli, and I'm not talking about the number of people there (which is many) but the ratio of males to females (which is very high, me being the only customer lacking a y chromosome). There is a reason why this is so. These sandwiches are monstrous meat and cheese concoctions slathered in sauce and served big. I could easily make a phallic reference about all these men consuming massive hoagies, but I'm going to take the high road this review.I was considering the hard salami smothered in sauce, but I didn't know if it would be filling enough...Okay. So the low road suits me better. I opted for the $2.49 meal deal to complement my Dagwood, which left me with a gigantic sandwich, a quarter pound of potato salad, and a regular iced tea with plenty left over for dinner that night. It was close to ten bucks after tax, which is a little bit on the pricey side, but at least I made two meals of it. The potato salad was decent but lacked salt, like they didn't bother boiling the potatoes with this necessary ingredient. I love me some salt. Get me a lick and I'll take a cheese grater to it to season my meals. Or make me a salt flavored ring pop for those mid day cravings. My blood pressure will curse you, but I'll be singing your praises. After adding this magic ingredient Gandolfo's potato salad got pretty good, and they get extra credit for using red potatoes, leaving the skin on, and preparing it with vinaigrette and mayo instead of mustard. Yum!It's pretty decent for a sandwich shop and the menu is intimidating in size and offerings. You could do much worse *coughBlimpie'scough*, so give it a whirl if you find yourself in the area.
3	My husband and I were on our way to the Tempe Sports Complex to play in my work softball tournament and needed to find a place to get a fast, hearty, and affordable lunch. We had originally planned to go to the Mongolian BBQ place nearby (called YC's, I think) but pulled in and realized that it would probably take too long to do the whole pick your meats, veggies, and sauce thing (we only had 20 minutes or so to get lunch and get to the field). That was when we spotted Gandolfo's and decided to give it a try. The menu was huge and really overwhelming, especially since we were in a hurry, but we both just picked something and ordered. He chose the New Yorker (roast beef sandwich served hot with pepper jack, feta, lettuce, tomato, onion, pepperoncini, butter, mayo, and oil and vinegar) and I got the Knickerbocker (which had roast beef, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, oil & vinegar, and salt & pepper) served hot. After we paid, we ended up waiting quite a while for our sandwiches  to be prepared, especially given how few people were inside. I probably wouldn't return during a weekday lunch knowing that it's not super-speedy. If you are planning to go there for lunch, make sure it's on a day where you don't need to grab your food and be back ASAP. Maybe calling ahead would help in that case. Also, even though the sandwiches were definitely satisfying,  they weren't outstanding. My husband, who's originally from New Jersey, didn't think the sandwiches were nearly as good as ones he's had on the East Coast. And, yes, I know we're in Phoenix, but the restaurant (which is a chain, btw) has chosen to call itself "New York Delicatessen," which in all fairness, can raise a customer's expectations! I also thought the regular size of the sandwich was a bit small. If you are a big eater, I would definitely get the large. Lest you think all I have to say about Gandolfo's sandwiches is negative, I will spend a second praising the hero roll the sandwiches came on, which was freshly baked and super satisfying. I would definitely eat at Gandolfo's again if I were in the area and had time to wait for a sandwich, but I'm unlikely to go out of my way for it.
3	I finally made my way to Gandofo's for lunch last week after hearing rave reviews from my boyfriend.  We missed the lunch rush, arriving at 1pm, so the service was pretty quick.  I agree that the menu was a bit overwhelming, being it my first time there and all, but after analyzing the options I chose the Brooklyn Bridge.  On a side note...there were certainly some interesting combinations, such as roast beef+pepperoni+pepperjack cheese+BBQ sauce+butter+mayo.  Not for me, but I suppose New Yorkers are much less picky than me.So getting back to my sandwich....service was quick like I said, no complaints there.  The sandwich, well....it was ok.  The bread was really good, definitely a step up from Subway, but it completely overpowered the sandwich.  I don't know if my particular sandwich came with less meat, or if the assembly line had a light hand, but I was definitely left with a bread sandwich with a side of meat.  Plus the "veggies" consisted of a small amount of shredded lettuce with one half slice of tomato.  I LOVE veggies on my sandwich, so this really disappointed me.So to recap: I'd come again, but apparently would have to pay for "extra meat" and would definitely make a special request for extra veggies.  I think I would choose the big "S" over this place though, if simply for the variety of veggies available.
4	The sandwiches are great... yes the menu is overwhelming, but pick your meat and go from there... this is a favorite lunchtime spot for me and the BF.
4	Ah, the great combination of tasty sandwiches, fast service and walking distance from work.  I eat here maybe once a month or so, occasionally more often.  I have always been pleased with the sandwiches.  They have a wide selection, and are always generous with the meats, cheeses and toppings.  A few times they have had trouble going with wheat when the standard bread is white (yuck!)  Other than that, they always get any odd little requests (like replace the cheese with bacon) correct.  My biggest disappointment is with the sides.  They have a red potato salad that looks AMAZING.  I mean, my mouth starts watering as soon as I see it - with a nice creaminess and a some fresh dill.  Sadly, it's about as flavorful as their Styrofoam containers.  No taste at all.  Not even salt or pepper.  I can't remember what the other side I tried in the past was, but none of their prepped salads have done anything than break my heart.  I mean, how hard is it to ruin potatoes?  The soups are good, as flavorful as the sides are bland, nice and hearty.  It's a small, narrow place, but perfect for a quick bite on lunch, or a very casual dinner.
3	I went to Gandolfo's today with my wife for lunch. There is nothing really bad about Gandolfo's, but there isn't anything really special either. The place is average in my book and better places I've gone to.Gandolfo's does have a wide range of sandwiches, which is nice. Way more choices than most sandwich shops and it's not even close! I went with the large Greenwich Village, my wife went with the small Dagwood. The sandwiches were a little expensive for what you got. A large sandwich could be up to $9.50, most average around $8. My wife's small Dagwood was $6.While in line, my wife and I spotted some potato salad that looked great. We decided to forgo any chips and go with this side. This was a mistake. This was the worst potato salad I've ever had! There was no taste.  I like the decor on the wall with the various sports images. Staff was friendly and our order came out within 5 minutes.
3	The sandwiches are good but what is with the high volume place with the 5 tables? This is a frightening trend. If you  sit along the west wall,  the view during lunch is a gallery of Butts.... I'm sorry but i don't like butts with my sub sandwiches. The dagwood is very good. Oh and just say no to the microwave. I hate that machine!  They had one on University in Tempe with more room but it didn't make it. That is all.
5	I quite enjoy this place! I work right behind it so I go here alot. I mean really ALOT. Since September I have received 3 free sandwhiches! (Buy 9 get the 10th free)The King of Queens and the Bronx Barbecue (without butter) are my absolute favorites, but everything I have tried there is really good! It could be $1 or so cheaper per sandwich. Its always dead when I go there though, I hope Jimmy John's doesn't put them out of business! (there's a new jimmy johns opening in the old quiznos space in the building right next to Gandolfo's)
3	The sandwiches are great!! Like some of the other reviews the sides and also the cookies are better left alone. I always have a hard time picking something off the menu cause it's so big. I don't have a favorite yet, but I have ordered the Shea stadium the most. The sandwich makers are OK, some what friendly but for the most part don't talk very much. The other day we went in for some food and the TV. was blaring a sports game so loud we really had a hard time hearing each other. Good thing the man behind the counter noticed this after a little bit and turned it down with out anyone asking to do so. The bathrooms are OK and the seating isn't the best. I think I'm going to have to try all the subs before I find my favorite or just have like 6 or 7 favorites.
3	Just at lunch here because I was at the T-Mobile store in the same complex. Whatever, it's a sandwich place but they actually have a pretty unique menu and they serve breakfast all day. I wouldn't go way out of my way to eat there but I'd def go back if it was convenient. If you work around here it's a good option.
1	I would love to comment on how good/bad their food was, but I can't. I showed up at 6:45pm, and they close at 7 per the sign I was looking at on their front window. However, they were closed when I got their, and the 2 girls standing there just randomly looked up at me while cleaning. I wanted to give them a shot for the first time, however, with them closing early and not acknowledging me about it when me and my friend where looking right at them, makes me not want to got back. What gives?
2	yet another groupon try... They have a HUGE menu, which excited me greatly, upon first gaze, however the results weren't so great. I had the Mama Leone. The bread was kinda gummy, the meats were ok, but there sure wasn't much to this sandwich.. it was supposed to be hot, but it was just lukewarm, and the marinara sauce was also cold. Yuck. Also, the Little Italy Salad was served not-as-described by the menu (they didn't include croutons, or onions.. it was just lettuce, tomatoes, and meat. that's it!).  Finally, the dining area is cluttered, and needs to be de-crumbed.
2	Groupon: Fail. New York: Fail. Deli: Fail. I am pretty sure most New Yorkers would try this place an tell you to Fugeddaboutit and leave it at that but a yelper shares.I judge a deli on a few things: the meat, the bread, the sides. Being jewish and from the east coast I hold "new york" deli's to a higher standard and judge them on corned beef/pastrami, potato salad, rye bread and pickles. You get those right you have a happy camper, wrong and i'm cranky. I got the I Love New York which is Corned Beef and Pastrami with Swiss and spicy mustard on Rye, probably my favorite sandwich and potato salad anda  kosher pickle.Lets start with the main course it was fair and that is being very favorable. The meats were a bit overcooked but nice and hot and had decent flavored and the pastrami had a good amount of pepper to it (which i like). However it was very greasy and soaked the bread and made it slick...not good. The bread itself wasn't bad just generic rye you would buy on the shelf at any grocery. There also wasn't enough mustard on it or much meat probably double the bread to meat on a $9 sandwich. Compared to Chompies where its a nice thin slice of rye and piles of meat. Overall edible but not that enjoyable.Now the sides where I decided this place struck out like A-rod in the playoff's. I have never had potato salad that was so bland. I am normally not a huge fan of white potato salad but i do enjoy it. This was probably less exciting to my taste buds than a baked potato with no toppings. I tried dumping on pepper to no avail. Next was the pickle which was a whole "kosher dill" and from a new york deli i expect something a bit more more than vlassic out of a jar but that is exactly what i got.For the money (and for the record i spent $2 on the groupon) this place just doesn't cut the mustard (pun intended). Better options exists for this stuff like Chompies or Goldman's Deli up in scottsdale.
2	This place is ok. Defiantly better than places like Subway when talking about quality, but not so much better at quantity. I have been here a few times. The first was a month or so ago after purchasing a groupon. They have a large selection of sandwiches, mostly meat and only two vegetarian options. This is great if you happen to be an omnivore. Which I am not. I can only say anything about the Madison Square Garden which I have had three times now. Their veggies seem to be of good quality. I just wish that every time I came in they were not out of wheat bread. I don't know if they just don't stock up on it or what but every time I have been in here they have been out of something. Cucumbers, wheat bread, avocado. And usually there is never any black tea. Some people like to ATTEMPT to eat healthy. There is also a lot left to be desired if you do order any of the other sandwiches on the menu. I went with my dad the last time who happens to eat meat, and there was more bread than meat. 10 dollars for a bread and cheese sandwich. Come on now. You have pictures all over the place of sandwiches full to the brim with meat and veggies, but then hand you a sandwich that you can't even see the meat on. FALSE ADVERTISING. So expect to pay a good amount of money if you order anything with meat on it, but not get your moneys worth.The servers, if you can call them that, seem confused every time I come in here. They seem flustered, even though its the same people every time, and it has never been busy so I don't know what their excuse is. They don't seem to know the menu very well, or when something does happen to run out. They also close extremely early for a restaurant. 7 everyday except Sunday at 5. Seems strange. Maybe its because they can never keep enough food stocked to last longer than a few hours.My conclusion: If you have a coupon or are a vegetarian where they put more veggies on your sandwich than anything else and you don't pay as much as you would for a meat sandwich, I would say go. But if you are looking for a good deal, you won't find it here.
3	Great breakfast sandwiches....like Chaz, Callie and Radio City
1	Slowest place ever. I ordered 25 minutes ago and I am still waiting. Just 2 sandwiches. Not rocket science. Then I get both sandwiches and they are both wrong. Wish I could give less than one star.
3	Decent sandwiches with large portions.  They have a lot of different sandwiches to choose from, and I like how some of them come with ingredients that you wouldn't find at your everyday Subway or Jimmy John's, like marinated mushrooms.  I've been here a few times and if I am hungry enough, would like to try their massive Dagwood!
3	I am going to give this place an extra star because the sandwich I had today was sooo good. They actually had everything in the sandwich it was supposed to have AND wheat bread. There was an insane amount of vegetation in this sandwich as well. I had mushrooms, lettuce, and avocado falling out all over the place. I think I have figured out that if you want a decent sandwich from this place you need to order at lunch. Do me right next time Gandolfo and I shall grant you an extra star!
4	I have been to Gandolfo's a few times and the sandwiches were always good... I have ordered the Knuckle Sandwich (Pastrami, Marinated mushrooms, olives, cheddar, mozzarella, parmesan, lettuce, tomato, mayo, butter, olive oil on sour dough bread) It was really good a huge sandwich.... Another time I went with the King of Queens(Pastrami, swiss, cole slaw, tomato, & Russian dressing on a kaiser roll) I would not go out of my way to try this spot but I would give it a try if you're in that part of town.
4	I also purchased a groupon for Gandolfo's.  I figured it was worth a try even though it was out of the way for me.  Then I got a new job and it was much more out of the way.  I finally made it out there there for lunch.  I ordered a sandwich and a hoagie.  I wish I could remember the names.  The sandwich was a pastrami with mustard and sauerkraut.  They were out of sourdough so I got it on wheat instead.  I really liked the sandwich.  The pastrami was very good, the bread wasn't too dry or too wet.  The service was a little slower than I thought it would be but not much.  My hoagie was pretty good as well.  It had italian meats and it was stuffed full of meat and cheese and some veggies.  The quality seemed great to me but it wasn't my favorite sandwich.  I certainly didn't think the regular price was that great but since I purchased using a groupon it was a great deal and I was very happy for the price I paid.  Overall, I thought it was great for the price I paid.
1	If slimy sandwiches and salads accompanied by rude staff completely lacking in personality are what you're looking for, than Gandolfo's is the place for you!  My husband and I had lunch at this location yesterday and I honestly still feel nauseated even thinking about it. Never having been to Gandolfo's, we needed a few minutes to look at the menu, which was certainly not a problem as there were no other customers in line.  This should have been our first warning sign but sadly, we persevered and ordered our lunch.  The girl behind the counter answered our questions with simple yes/no answers in a completely deadpan tone with no hint of an expression on her face.  My husband decided on the Madison Square Garden sandwich and I had the salad of the same variety.  I ordered a soda and my husband asked for a water.  The girl at the counter then asked him if he would like a cup for his water.  What a ridiculous question!!!  No, he doesn't need a cup, he'll just seal his lips around the soda machine and push the button!After a bit of a wait, our food was ready and I brought it to our table, however, a better option would have been to throw it directly into the trashcan.  My husband unwrapped his sandwich to find it so heaped with mayo and sopped with oil that even the outside of the bread was saturated and slimy.  My salad also contained the marinated mushrooms that were in his sandwich, and while they sounded good, the taste and texture was sickening.  The lettuce was anything but fresh and the gelatinous Italian dressing made the whole thing even worse.  The croutons that were supposed to have come on my salad were nowhere to be found, but I didn't even bother asking for them as I'm sure they wouldn't have been enough to overcome the already offensive taste/texture combo that I was attempting to choke down.  As if the food itself wasn't already enough to send us running out the door never to return, we then had the pleasure of watching the girl "clean" the counter by flinging all of the food that was on it onto the floor into the area where customers stand to order.  I looked around to see if there was a mark drawn on the counter or wall anywhere so that when the food on the floor reaches that depth, one of the staff comes out to actually sweep it up but didn't see anything so I'm guessing that they just allow customer to wade through the food buildup throughout the day.  I honestly have no idea how this place is in business given the fact that there is a Jimmy John's accessible from the same parking lot. I'm guessing that the sparse crowd in Gandolfo's at noon on a weekday is a direct result of a far better option available within walking distance.  If the rest of my review hasn't been clear enough as to what my opinion of this place is, let me just add that if I were stranded on a deserted island for a month with nothing to eat and the rescue boat showed up and offered me food that came from Gandolfo's, I would throw it overboard only to have the sea life also choose to ignore it.
4	Friend and I were headed to work and she suggested Gandolfo's for breakfast, now I love little deli shops and was up to trying something new. So off to Gandolfo's I went, already knew what we were ordering so I just ordered when I got there, after I did that I looked up at the menu on the wall and thought dang I need to come back sometime and try a sandwich for lunch. I told the owner this is my 1st time here, he looked shocked and said how did you know what you wanted to ordered, just figured you to be a regular,  I told him I did research before I got there. Too funny.   Got the Huevos Locos, which is sausage, eggs, pepper jack cheese, and salsa on a roll. OMG it was soo dang good!!!!  I saw they have a sandwich called the Rockefeller Ruben, that has corned beef or pastrami on it and its been calling my name, got to try it out soon!!!!
3	My first time at Gandolfo's was good. I decided to eat here on a whim, originally wanting an egg salad sandwich, but decided a deli sandwich would do. The staff was incredibly friendly, which was awesome and will definitely make me come back again soon. Since it was my first time there,and they have lots of sandwich options, I asked a lot of questions and they answered each one of them with no resistance. After looking at the menu, I saw they did have an egg salad sandwich, though now I wish I would have ordered one of their best selling sandwiches. I was a little disappointed with my egg salad sandwich since it really only consisted of toasted sourdough bread and egg salad (I was hoping for some lettuce and tomatoes and cheese, but I may have just had to ask for it.)Overall, I like this place a lot. They're reasonably priced, good portions, great first time experience. I'm excited to come back and order some of their more popular sandwiches and see if they are the real deal.
3	Servicable lunch joint. Large selection of sandwiches and quick service. Slightly higher on the food chain than Subway or Blimpie.
3	Decided to try gandolfo's out because I got a coupon for a free 1/2 sandwich, salad, and drink plus I love a good deli.Unfortunately I wasn't able to order my favorite, hot pastrami, cause that only comes in a full sandwich. However, they did have tons of options. So I went with the Brooklyn Bridge which consists of turkey, bacon, lettuce, provolone, salt and pepper on a hero roll.They did a good job of packing the sandwich and actually cooking the Bacon instead of some disgusting boiled flab of fat that you see at fast food places. Gonna eventually go back and get a pastrami so we'll see if that holds up.
4	This is NOT a Subway or Quiznos (they don't serve plastic, manufactured sandwhiches, if you know what I mean...).....They have a multitude of sandwhiches to choose from, both hot and cold. A full sandwhich is 12 inches, a half is 6 (der...) I got a veggie sandwhich, as I wasn't in the mood for meat (why did I come here then? my hubby, of course!) It was pretty good! It came with cucumbers, avocado, lettuce, tomato, onion,banana peppers, spicy mayo...I liked it!My husband enjoyed every bite of his....he got the Little Italy..We are both happy to have found a great sandwhich place where we can both find something delish to eat!Only suggestion: it would be nice if they had more a selection of drinks....like Jones Sodas or something like that....Not as good as Defalcos, but, a nice breath of fresh air for the area!
3	Huge selection and the sandwiches are pretty good...prices are good and I would give the place 4 stars but the service is suspect. For example, when I say ''thank you'' the response is always ''yep.'' I'm a customer, not your buddy... I often go back because the sandwiches are good and I like the wide selection...also don't be fooled by the name, this is not a New York  deli in any way shape or form...
1	Still on the hunt for a decent sandwich place.I used to live near the Gandalfo's in Bellingham, Washington, where the store was clean, the service was great, and the manager was a pleasure.  We were excited to see a Gandalfo's here in Tempe.Walked in and stood at the counter for a few minutes before we ordered.  The guy who took our order didn't know the specials (and the sign is outside, so I kind of depended on him knowing them).. And neglected that a salad came with mine.  We took a photo of the "salad" from my husband's account--it was broccoli with a crapload of mayo and some chunks of cheese.  It was probably the most disgusting thing I've been served in a restaurant EVER.  They only had five salad options, and my usual broccoli bacon favourite wasn't available.  I'm pretty sure they would've even ruined that, so it's probably better they didn't have it.Counter guy had a hard time maintaining eye contact and a difficult time taking our order and writing it down.  Surprisingly, it was almost accurate when we got our order--one of the sandwiches was wrong.  We decided not to stay and eat, since none of the tables were clean even though it was 2pm!I'd hope that Gandalfo's corporate would want to save face a little and remove their name from the side of the building where this place has set up shop.  We used a Groupon, and even if they offered $20 for $1 I wouldn't go back.
5	My dad would eat here for lunch every day of his visit if he could.  We got him a Groupon as a present, and that makes two visits this trip, which is one less than the last visit.  There's a huge selection of sandwiches.  We like the Knuckle Sandwich best.  The sides are also good.   I'm sure I'll be back a few times once my dad returns for a visit.
4	We had a Groupon and went over for lunch.  Had the Holland Tunnel and NY Liberty.  Delicious,full of meat and flavor.  Sandwiches are a bit pricey but really loaded and filling.  Service was good and the place was clean.
2	Hello again my fellow Arizonians....I am back and ready to review GANDOLFOS Deli........I will start by saying the Pastrami is pretty darn good!  The meat is seasoned well and does have that NY Pastrami taste.....however..... (and I know you knew that was coming)....The price for the amount of meat they give is just ridiculous!I have read the reviews and if I had a groupon maybe I would have been less dissapointed.Ok, a plain ole pastrami sandwich on their marble rye...which I must point out is NOTHING like good NY rye...the bread is thick and really tastes very little like rye...is $10.00.... and is supposed to be served with a pickle slice....didnt happen!I can only compare it to other local deli's such as Chompies, who charges the same price but the same sandwich but has twice as much meat.A REAL N.Y pastrami or corned beef sandwich is so thick with meat you can barely bite into it and just half a sandwich satisfies the biggest of appetites.The experience started with a call to the restaurant to request they fax a menu which they were unable to do.  The young man I spoke with was not too helpful or friendly.I had to ask 3 times..... How much is a plain ole Pastrami sandwich....I asked if the cole slaw, which not included, was creamy or more vinegary...he didnt know how to answer that....  am I asking a strange question here?This is supposed to be a deli....cole slaw is typical deli fare.... if I ask what kind...tell me, describe it to me... I am not there and cannot see it, nor did I have access to the internet to look.Several of us from work ordered together and none of us got our "complimentary" pickle slice nor did they include the other condiments we requested.We're talking 10 bucks for a regular sandwich....I deserve the darn pickle! lolI didnt bother to call and have a little chat as the person who had the priviledge of picking up the order mentioned the "old man" we are guessing the owner? Was a grump and not the friendliest of people....so..... here I am, sharing my experience with others.I do not mind paying $10.00 for a sandwich but that sandwich better be packed with meat....or 14k gold shavings!Ok, maybe it was lunch time and busy....or maybe someone was in a bad mood...or maybe the young kid just started and simply wasent fimilar with their product.... I dont know, nor do I care .....I am not getting what I paid for and that SUCKS!So here's the 25 thousand dollar question....will I return?Nope...not a chance!  I can get around the unfriendly employees and the lack of knowledge of their own menu but I will NOT pay $10.00 for a sandwich with 1/2 the meat that should be there.....I will find another good pastrami sandwich or I will wait until I visit New York again.There may be some die hard Pastrami lovers out there who simply must have good pastrami regardless of price and to them I say... "go for it".But not this girl!  I feel I should get what I pay for and this was NOT worth the price!Again, I can only compare it to other Deli's here in the Phoenix area or since they advertise it to be "NY pastrami" I compare it to a Pastrami sandwich you get in ANY N.Y deli and GANDOLFO's looses.So, with that being said...give it a try and see what you think.....and until you do.....Bon Appetite'
4	This place is around the corner from my apartment and right next to a Jimmy John's. I was on may way there when I decided,to give Gandolfo's a try. It took me 10 minutes to read and re-read the menu because everything sounded great. I finally decided on the Carnegie Hall with pastrami and both spicy mustard and Russian dressing. Only took a few minutes to prepare and I was back home enjoying it in a few minutes. I will defiantly be back to try more of these sandwiches.
4	Went here last week with a Groupon and had an i love New York with Russian dressing. It was really good and I could not finish it.  The pastrami and corned beef had a very good flavor. The soup I had with it was very good also. Two large sandwiches, two sides, and two drinks cost about $30. Service was fast and friendly. One of the better NY style deli's I have tried in Az, I'll eat here again if I'm in the mood for deli while I'm around Tempe.
4	The pros: Excellent food, good customer service. I have eaten at Gandolfo's three times now, and they consistently use high quality breads, cheeses, and meats. The Cons: The drink options are lacking and the potato salad is awful. Other than that, they are excellent. Overall, I would bring my friends and family here for lunch.
2	This place isn't bad but it's not great especially for the prices they charge. What really brings this place down is is employees and management! The girl at the register is beyond slow and if she could go any slower she would be going backwards. The manager is just an ass he argued with my employees I sent to get lunch over trivial stuff. The food as I said is Ok but for the price I would expect much more. If you use a Groupon there watch out the manager gets annoyed and starts arguments. If you order ahead of time you're food might be ready and you won't have to feel like a sardine in the small cramped building. I would recommend going elsewhere unless you make money like Donald Trump and have the patience of a monk.
4	We got an offer on Social Living for $15.00 voucher for $8.00 and WOW what a deal!! If you get a chance....sign onto Social Living website and get this voucher because the food was great! Sooo many subs to choose from and AMAZING potato salad too! Two for the price of one and GREAT food! Can't beat it fellow yelpers! :)
5	This was my first time trying Gandolfo's and I loved it! I ordered the Urban Cowboy:Chicken breast, turkey, bacon, pepper jack, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, bbq sauce and mayo It was so delicious. I can definitely see myself craving this sandwich and having to come back in the next couple of weeks. It was pretty pricey but there is a groupon for it right now so check it out!
2	Loved the New York decor. Pretty sure the owner was working the cash register(you could tell he's from NY), there was around 100 things on the menu. For a sandwich joint I think that's a little much, so it took me a few minutes to decide. Food was so-so it would of been a lot better if the "grade" of meat was better. The owner also didn't seam to happy, I mean c'mon man! If your gonna have your own business love it! Don't look like your gonna kill the next person who orders a sandwich.
1	Terrible!  Terrible!  Terrible!I went there on Saturday afternoon.  There were three employees and no one else in line.  I had a hunger for tuna fish, but I was told they did not have enough left to make a sandwich!  At lunchtime on a Saturday, with 3 employees standing around, and they had no tuna fish?  Unbelievable!  So I ordered a Ruben sandwich and waited about a half hour, when I saw them hand a sandwich to someone who ordered about 10 minutes after I did.  They opened it up and realized it was not their order, so they returned it and then an employee gave it to me with no apology.  I might still be a satisfied customer if the sandwich was at least good, but the meat (pastrami) was very chewy because it had been overcooked (overheated) in the microwave.For a restaurant that specializes in sandwiches and considers itself a deli, it was incredibly disappointing.  I would not recommend them to anyone.
2	Only been a couple of times, sandwiches were good. I'd go back but is just not one of those places that I get cravings for.
5	Tried Gandolfo's for the first time today.  Excellent sandwich.  Some co-workers and I gave it a try for the first time and we were very impressed!  We phoned in our order and had it picked up since they were busy and I can believe it.  i had the I Love NY sandwich and it was grilled perfectly!  It had corned beef, pastrami, swiss and your choice of Russian dressing or spicy mustard grilled on marbled rye bread.  I chose the spicy mustard since I never had Russian dressing, I didn't want to try it for the first time while trying Gandolfo's.The prices were fair and the food was delicious and filling.  My next sandwich on deck is a meatball on the hero roll.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.  Now if they only delivered?  Lord have mercy!
2	I came here a few months ago, and wasn't impressed.The menu is huge - the print is very tiny on the menu up behind the counter. I ordered the egg salad sandwich not toasted. They toasted it, and it just wasn't anything special. It wasn't bad, but I could have made a better sandwich myself. Probably won't be going back.
2	After a great first experience I decided to head back there with my brother who loves a good Reuben as much as I do.  I had told him about how good it was but boy was I disappointed this time.  I'm not sure how he felt since he didn't have a previous visit to compare it to like I did.  The pastrami was super fatty and portion was significantly smaller than the last time although that was probably a good thing since the quality was so poor I didn't want any more of that gross pastrami.  I had been so excited and felt so short-changed.  Definitely a poor experience especially for the price I paid.
5	This is one of my favorite sandwich place to go to lunch when I am at work-lunch. Guys love the quality of meats, and quantity of meats. I love the hot cheesy sandwich.  The Yankees on rye is around $9.00 but it's one of a few items that I would eat until my stomach hurts. Give it a try!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! They have a huge menu. My favorite sandwich is the Dagwood with guacamole/avacados.  Gandolfo's is unlike other sub shops where you get crappy meat and get charged 8 bucks. Gandys uses Boars Head meat and they pile it on! I would drive 20 miles to get sandwich from this place if I had to! Eric is the owner and is super friendly. Keep up the good work guys, I LOVE YOUR SANDWICHES!!
5	Few places live up to to the good expectations but Eric and Gandolfo's is one of these.  The rolls and rye are fantastic - pastrami is outstanding especially on my favorite sandwich - The King of Queens.
5	I've made this a required trip at least once every couple weeks for lunch, delicious.  Everything is high quality... you're looking at $6.50 for a half sammich or $9.50 for a full (a -real- foot long) but holy crap is it worth it.  They have a ton of sandwich options, organized on the wall by meat.  Sooooo good!
5	Normal lunch spot for me as it is only walking distance from my job.  But the food is great!
5	An authentic New York delicatessen sandwich shop. Offering a awesome breakfast and lunch options. I highly suggest you try the Harlem breakfast sandwich (roast beef), or the Eastport breakfast sandwich (pastrami).  For lunch you got to try the taxi driver. The owner and staff are very nice and accommodating if you would like to take the sandwich to go, they will give you the ingredients and tell you how to make it so it's fresh when you're ready to eat it. Note they are not open on Sundays.
4	Great sammiches, the lady who took our order was nice and the food was made super quickly. Also the Egg salad was pretty good.
1	If you order takeout, be sure to check your sandwich before you leave.  I ordered the Rockefeller Reuben and when I got home and opened it up, I realized they left out most of the ingredients.  How can you make a classic like a Reuben sandwich and leave out the sauerkraut and also the swiss cheese?I should have known better --- I've been disappointed at this location before.Overpriced and poorly made.  Who manages this place????
5	This place is awesome. Today they had some missing items but I was okay with that because it was New Year's Eve and they probably ran out of. It has always been busy but it's not because it was slow. I only noticed if you take their sandwiches  to go  they may get soggy if you get a sandwich with oil and vinegar it got really soggy. Nice sandwich shop.
