4	After a discussion popped up on Yelp Talk, I decided to check out this place since it sounded interesting and was in my 'hood. Bluebird is part cafe, part lounge for patients with medical marijuana cards (and their own herbal prescription - more on that later) to smoke.The cafe has "bar" seating and a few tables as well as an area with computers for internet access.  They serve coffee, tea, and smoothies, and a variety of light fare - cereal, fruit, salads, and veggie sandwiches.  I had a (vegan) salad and iced tea.  I had a nice conversation with the owners and a few patrons (both cardholders and "caregivers").  The place has a very friendly, laidback atmosphere (no surprise there) with no hint of the tackiness that you might find in a head shop.  It just looks like a regular sort of business.   The smoking lounge is closed off from the rest of the cafe, so there is no cross-ventilation (i.e., you are not going to get high just sitting there drinking a smoothie.)This is NOT a dispensary nor do they write prescriptions.  They do not sell any medical marijuana or mj food products here.  It is strictly BYOP.  Also, there is no sharing pot allowed, even for cardholders amongst themselves.  Only cardholders are permitted in the smoking lounge; caregivers/drivers/etc can eat and drink in the cafe area.The rules are very strict here to keep the place on the up-and-up and to provide a service for people who need a place other than their home to smoke.It's hard to rate this place since I have no experience with another place to compare it to, but I enjoyed my time there (note: I just went for the food and to check it out, I did not use the lounge for its intended purpose).  The owners were so super nice and friendly and very welcoming, and I think that they're doing a good service for the legit side of the Medical Marijuana community.... plus I always love a place that has a few vegan options!
4	My husband and I were in the area and since we both have our cards, we decided to stop in and check out Bluebird Coffee Shop. The building that houses Bluebird looks like it used to be a house. It's pretty simple on the outside, I almost drove right by it. When we entered the very friendly employee working behind the counter greeted us and asked what we would like to drink. At this point there is absolutely nothing that makes Bluebird different from any other shop that sells coffee, tea and vegetarian dishes. If you weren't aware of what else went on at Bluebird, there is nothing that would have tipped you off to it when sitting at the counter and enjoying your drink.... I was hungry so I decided to try the veggie wrap. I am not a vegetarian, I like me some cow/pig... but this was a nice lunch. I didn't even finish my wrap and I felt full but not stuffed. Price was ok, somewhere around $8 for the wrap, chips and a drink.After I ate we went into the lounge area. The employee working gave us a freshly cleaned mouthpiece for the Volcano which I was thankful for. The lounge was nicely decorated and had lots of comfy couches to sit on. Overall a very nice, chill stop to hang out and have a bite to eat. I am looking forward to going back with friends...
3	In the real estate between the Stratosphere and Fremont Street, good cups of coffee are hard to come by.  The options are pretty much limited to 7-Eleven swill or the ever-present, over-roasted and burnt-bean Starbucks.And that's why I want to love Bluebird Coffeeshop.  From the bag of beans I spied on the counter, Bluebird appears to be brewing Whole Foods brand coffee.  Is it unique? No.  But it's a perfectly roasted (not raw, not burnt), delicious cup of coffee.  And I love me a fresh, good cup of coffee.  So good job on the coffee, Bluebird.So why only three stars?  Well, the space is a little odd.  The ceilings are super low, which can create a cozy vibe, but is much more likely to induce claustrophobia.  And the pastries the cafe was offering are wrapped in cellophane.  Yikes.  I head to a coffee shop to avoid 7-Eleven-type products, so any pastry wrapped in air-tight plastic is just depressing and guaranteed to offer a disappointing taste.  But none of that is why the Bluebird is getting some buzz on the street.  It advertises itself as an Amsterdam-style cafe for folks to relax in while smoking their weed (medically-necessary and doctor-prescribed marijuana, of course).  And, while small, Bluebird does offer several comfy, over-sized chairs for the stoned to slump into and relax.  When I stopped in to try out the coffee, it was early and the cafe was just opening so the stoners were still asleep.  So I can't speak to the vibe of the cafe when smoke is in the air and folks are having a legal, medically-prescribed mental good time.So this place has potential and I hope it succeeds.  It would be a welcome addition to downtown Vegas to have a nice cafe.
