5	Seen this establishment listed on Groupon, didn't think I could eat ten hamburgers so thought I would stop by and purchase a few. Got a single, a double, fries, and a chocolate shake. Cheeseburgers tasted exactly like White Castle. Call me crazy but the same great taste. This place is in the minimart which is a horrible location with no seating. The chocolate shake is just a vanilla shake with chocolate syrup on top. With that said the burgers, shake and fries were awesome. Cheeseburgers are only 69 cents. I wish they had a drive thru. They also have a 5.00 box, 4 burgers, fries and a drink. I will be back!!!!!
4	So I went to check this place out and was surprised as it is located inside of the am/pm at the corner of Craig and Rancho. The location could be a lot better but the burger and fries more than make up for it! The fries taste great, They are light and crispy with a good salt ratio. The burgers are very simple (patty, grilled onions, cheese, and a pickle) Although very simple they are great! They have a white castle vibe and when they are hot they are down right addicting! I see these guys coming up in the future, They could add some different cheese options (pepperjack, swiss, maybe?) Just to set themselves apart from white castle. That is going to be a big thing as I really do think they have a white castle thing going on at least with their burgers for that matter (not a bad thing) Either way I have to say that I will be back and will enjoy these quicker burgers as they are fun to eat and where else can you get a piece of birthday cake with your burger?
1	An absolute waste of a drive from southeast side of town to this pretender of White Castle!!  I just wanted to try a few first and then order more for the rest of us in the car after. I ordered two cheeseburger for $1.92. Cold and flavorless. They were not cooked within the last hour for sure. A young kid was in the walk up area sitting in a tall bar stool with his back towards me as I approached and him having a discussion with someone behind the wall.I literally was handed my burgers in less than 15 seconds!!! then the kid sat back down to finish his conversation. Please buy a frozen pack of White Castle from the market until they actually open at the Casino Royale in another 2 Months!!
3	I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but the tiny White Castle-esque burgers have good flavor. The fries are also spot-on: skinny and salty and a tiny bit limp.  Pricing is fair and they currently have a Groupon up.Location leaves a lot to be desired- yes, it's in a gas station convenience store. But it's also kind of a seedy intersection and a run-down plaza, with a vaguely dirty store. The Quickee area also is oddly blocked off with dine-in counters but no stools?Not sure if I was shorted the drink with my #2 combo or if it somehow doesn't come with one, but adding cheese is essential to maintaining the WC taste. $6 for the four-piece meal is not a bad lunch.
5	This was my first Quickee Burger . Didn't know what to expect. Had of course heard about these magical burgersStaff was friendly and the place was clean.  Food. Didn't expect much. Boy was I surprised. Their sliders are packed w flavor. Finished four cheese burgers in two minutes. I'm definitely coming back.
5	Love me some sliders, and the fries are awesome! Would be nice if there was a place to sit, but still worth 5-stars from a value and flavor standpoint
5	He only things better than hot and fresh Quickees are the ones you somehow save to pull out of the fridge the next day. I'm currently regretting not getting enough; my Quickees have disappeared, with no leftovers for breakfast.
1	I was looking forward to trying an old concept brought back. Today Saturday the 11th I had the chance. I was very disappointed! Very difficult to park, no drive-thru, no place to sit. I did manage to order but the wait time was over the top. This type of burger is meant to be served very fast, indeed, it's size alone mandates a fast prep time! Fries were no hot and not crisp, soggy and had a spice to them. I ordered a vanilla milk shake which had an off (cheap) flavor, pumped full of air (over-run) and was so thick it could not be drunk thru a straw. The wait for the order was so long I asked for someone in charge and spoke with a heavy-set gentleman who seemed to be one of the principals. He was not very receptive to my comments even choosing to argue several points rather than thank me for taking the time to point out the problems and short comings of a new business. Management or owners should never choose to escalate a complaint to an argument. I'm really doing you a favor by taking the time to complain (I want you to succeed!)Every customer or guest should be so good to you!!!
1	Okay yes. I am spoiled by White Castle cause I'm originally from Chicago. I did however, keep an open mind when visiting this place and I drove all the way from Henderson for the experience.No matter how I tried, I could'nt come up with a reason to come back to this establishment.The location is dismal ( in a really dirty gas station ) , no parking, nor drive thru and no indoor seating.Upon arriving I placed my order and was not given drink cups, and had to get directions on how to get a drink cup from another customer.  Food comes in nondescript white and brown paper bags. No logo or anything to indicated where this food is from on any packaging. This should'nt matter though if it is good.It was mildly remeniscient of sliders from White Castle but we had one customer in front of us and two behind and still had to wait ten minutes for our food.  This made me think that at least it would be fresh. NOPE!  Stone cold and dry!Anyway, so come to find out that there was a man standing about four feet from me the whole time.  I thought he was either a loiterer or just an obnoxious patron dressed like a street person.  Come to find out he is the owner and he made it his focus to offend all seven people in the place before they left.  WOW!If you want to be disrespected and sold low standard food go there. Otherwise, wait for the real deal in the future when White Castle opens on the strip.I really wanted this to be a good experience cause I love sliders, but... Oh well!
1	I didn't have the food - I couldn't get past the "server". The burgers must be made in advance to sit and wait as I couldn't get them without cheese. On top of that - with no other customers in the site, the "chef" had over 20 burgers on the grill. If you want dried up, old food, go here. Otherwise, even burger king will make the burger when you order it.
1	I really really was hoping to give this place a great rating, but I am unable to. Whoever says these burgers taste like White Castle, has obviously never had a "Real White Castle Burger'. Even though they were cooked fresh, they tasted old. The Red Velvet Birthday Cake really gives you the "Birthday Feeling" as it tasted like melted wax candle. Not sure if they use a cream cheese base frosting, but it tasted kinda off. Everyone is different, and you may like it. I for one, will not be going back. Time to bust out the tums. My stomach feels like it is just about to let loose. #gross!!!
1	We were so excited to try their burgers so we made the 30 min drive. I was shocked to find out that they were in a dirty gas station. To play it safe I ordered one before I ordered for the whole family. Took a bite and it tasted like a microwaved burger super gross. We ended up driving to in and out totally disappointed...
2	I want to give this place a higher rating because of the fabulous young lady that took our order, but unfortunately the food wasn't that good.Quickee is located inside the ARCO gas station on the corner of Rancho and Craig.  Believe me....this is a prime location for some people watching...if you know what I mean!The menu is limited to cheeseburgers, fries, can soda and a "black and white", which is their version of a shake.  The cheeseburgers are small, like White Castle.  They have onions, pickles, cheese and mustard on them. For fast food, I guess they were ok.  They don't hold a "fry" to In&Out burgers for sure.  The bread got too soggy and the patty was pretty flavorless. The fries came out lukewarm and weren't anything above average in taste.The service was great though and we were in and out within 10 minutes.   The best thing was the shake.  I would go back for one of them, if I got the hankering for a shake again.  I wouldn't return to this location after dark, however.  :/
3	Ok so we tried this place for the first time today. I saw that there was a groupon deal so we used that. They are located inside the Arco gas station. Small window type place with 2 bar seats available to eat there. Their sliders are supposed to be like White Castle.. Very similar look, they come with onions and pickles. You have a choice of cheese or no cheese. I so wanted to love these burgers. I can't say that I did. The patties tasted plain, cheap, and frozen.  I had to add mustard and ketchup to disguise the taste of the patties a little. The vanilla milk shake reminded me of a frosty vanilla pudding. Nothing amazing. This place has potential and a great idea. Maybe some tweaks in the food will bring them to the next level. The service was fast and friendly. The gentleman that helped me seemed to be really excited and enthused about the business. Kitchen/counter area looked clean. It's more of a 2.5 review, just for the friendly and fast service.
4	I liked the burgers and fries a lot. I only wish the establishment was bigger, but overall I enjoyed the experience.
2	If you plan on purchasing A groupon keep in mind that it does not work for online ordering. also you cannot make changes to any order that uses a Groupon so if you have allergies to anything that comes on the burger probably shouldn't purchase or use the Groupon. Cash only inside the store. Good luck
3	I saw this place on Groupon and decided to stop in to give it a try. The sliders were just okay. I only ordered half of mine with cheese, but all except 2 of them came with cheese (the cheese ones were for my kids, I'm allergic to cheese). Only 1 of the 8 that I ordered actually came out warm... and that one tasted comparable to White Castle. All the rest were cold and on a couple of them, they were so cold that even the bun was hard. The fries were awesome! I would definitely come back for the fries. On the down sides - the service was very slow. It seems like the fact that they individually wrap each of the sliders in paper adds to the slow service. Also, the bickering between employees was horrible! They would all be able to work more efficiently if they worked as a team instead of belittling each other for petty things. The heavy set man in charge shouldn't be running the place. He belittled the employees in front of the customers the entire time I was there.Overall, this place has the potential to be great.. and I hope they're able to make the changes needed to get there!
4	Ordered from Grub hub today and wasn't sure what to expect. We werent disappointed when the food showed up. The burgers are exactly what we were expecting very similar to white castle sliders. Pretty tasty though. The real winners though was the fries they were easily some of the best fries I've had in a long time. For the price this is some damn good food.
2	Really not too much of a great comparison to White Castle (even the frozen ones).  I give it 2 1/2 stars, although I went opening week so maybe quality assurance is better now.Was excited to hear we had some White Castle 'competition' coming to town with Quickee Burgers.  As a note, there is no actual Quickee Burgers restaurant - to find it you will have to jaunt into the AM/PM on the corner of Craig and Rancho (home of the same strip mall where you can get great Thai food (albeit in a bar)).  Quickee Burgers is located inside in a small area.  Really only takeout, no real seating anywhere unless they add a few stools eventually.  So order, take home, or eat standing up.Found the Groupon that would feed two folks for $10, but we managed to stretch it for four.  Comes with 10 Quickee Burgers with cheese, 2 orders of fries, and 2 milkshakes (we opted for Black & White - combo of vanilla and chocolate).  We also picked up a free slice of Red Velvet birthday cake when checking in with Yelp (not sure if that's still available).  Order was in quick, but prep was really slow.  Granted it was grand opening and folks were still trying to learn how to communicate with each other.  After a 15 minute wait, our order was ready to go.Honestly really disappointed with the quality of Quickee Burgers burgers.  They are a tad larger than the ones from White Castle, but damn were they pretty flavorless.  Buns were good but on the cold side, would have helped with a warming on the grill.  Burgers?  Dry as a bone, and lacked so much flavor.  Would have been a benefit if they cooked it like White Castle does, poke holes in the burgers so the steam from the grilled onions below moisten and flavor the patty.  Easily, our patties were all overcooked and lifeless.  I'm really not sure if they even used salt & pepper on them!  Condiments were the norm - cheese was some sort of cheddar (although it was bordering on Kraft singles), some onion bits, pickle, mustard & ketchup.  But still overall the burger was dry.  I ended up adding some mayo to mine to get them back up to par.Fries were OK though.  Thin, salty, but not quite cooked enough.  All got limp before we got home.  Maybe a bit more time in the oil would have made them much better.  But the taste was good.  Shakes were pretty mediocre.  Shakes were too light from having too much air in the mixing machine.  Not close to a thick shake at all, but like cheap soft serve.  Plus it was cloyingly sweet!  Really had an artificial taste to them, probably from their shake mix.  Wasn't my favorite.  Although it looked super cheesy, the Red Velvet birthday cake was actually pretty good.  It's just a plain sheet cake covered in birthday frosting, but the cake itself was moist.  Was a good effort Quickee Burgers.  But I think I will stick to waiting until White Castle actually comes to Las Vegas (soon baby, soon).  Or I will just opt to buying the frozen ones from my local warehouse store and reheat them in a pan.  Unless the quality of your burger improves by a few bounds, I'm not sure I'll be back anytime soon.  Taste, I need taste!THE QUICK & THE DEAD.
1	I went back to give this place another shot because I don't want to just give up on a new business after one mediocre experience. This time I ended up just leaving without buying any food because they've apparently changed their rules and can not make any modifications to the burgers. I'm not sure if the cashier was just being lazy or if that really is the norm now. Please... this is a food establishment, people have food allergies! You won't get very far if you're unwilling to make exceptions.
3	have been here a few times with groupons, its not bad,,,def. not white castle, but myboys have no problem devouring the burgers fries and shakes, and when I don't wanna cook ...this works for me..lol.  everyone was very pleasant and the food was cooked when I ordered it. Don't expect gourmet stuff...it is what it is.
1	Just terrible.  Took 2 hours to get my food by then the food was cold and stale.  Asked for a discount offered more crappy burgers.  This was the worst.
5	We went to Quickee Burgers for the first time last night... My boyfriend got 4 burgers (Bronson) and I got a shake. He loooooooved his burgers and my shake was to die for. The man at the register was a hoot! He turned my grumpy face frown upside down. He was so pleasant and energetic. So funny! We will definitely be going back. Do not let that fact that this little joint is inside of a gas station... That's kind of what gives it it's special gem charm. A little hidden treasure!
1	I was excited to try this place. I'm orginally from the Midwest and miss White Castle dearly. I'm sorry to say that this place hardly comes close. The burgers weren't that great tasting and despite just coming off a grill it was sort of cold (I ate one as soon as I got in the car) I was also expecting it to be in its own building with a drive thru but that wasn't a huge deal. I definitely wouldn't hesitate to make another trip if the food was good. The girl that took our order was really nice though. She had a short hair cut I should have gotten her name but unless something changes I won't be going back.
2	Nothing to impressed, but not bad either. Just food. I think more for kids. Its 5 bucks for some small burgers & fries.
3	The service was a let down. The people were nice, but the rate at which our food came was slow. We ordered twelve sliders and three orders of fries, and we received that order after TWENTY minutes. We drove home (a three minute drive) and we opened our bags. Eight of our sliders came neatly packaged in styrofoam boxes, and our three fries underneath. At first we thought they got our order wrong, but we found the last four sliders UNDERNEATH the fries. As a result, the four burgers on the bottom were flat as pancakes and damp with grease because they were not put in a box. Our burgers were room temperature and our fries were slightly warm. I'm assuming that our burgers were made first and were sitting around until the fries were cooked. The burgers were good, very similar to White Castle and the fries were nice. The wait and the temperature were dissapointing however.
4	Went there yesterday with couple of friends, stoped the day before but they were already closed. We all ordered  the brown bag special -4 burgers, fries and a coke-we added cheese . Everyone enjoyed them. They are white castle style burgers. better than some of the other fastfood burgers in this town. They were cooked fresh, had onion  and pickle, perfect for what they are. The shop is located  in a gas station, but so what, they have their own little area. A single burger is .69 with cheese .89.  Worth a try for a quick burger meal. My only suggestion  to them is to stay open late. They would make a great after bar food. I will be going back.
