5	One of my favorite fast food places. Too bad the closest one to me is 40 miles away!You get the total drive-in experience here. You park your car in front of a menu board where you place your order through the intercom and swipe your card. How convenient! Their servers bring your food to your car on roller skates, and it tastes just how you would expect fast food to be.I'd definitely recommend Sonic if you want a different, fast food experience.
2	Personally I like McDonald's better.  I had a cheeseburger with tator tots and the flavor was lacking.  The chicken strips were good.  My son loved those.  I was so excited to try Sonic for the first time and was greatly disappointed. Maybe we will try something else next time we are near a Sonic.
4	LOVE me some SONIC! I was raised in New Mexico and Sonic is a staple there . Sonic is on the main street and EVERYONE goes to Sonic and hangs out. Here in Nevada ... well especially in Henderson you can usually see some classic car clubs that come and hang out.Reminiscent of the 50's drive in that you see in movies . You sit at the order box - order - and a girl or guy on skates brings you your order. (is it wrong you look to see if they are gonna fall?)Last night I was out late and didn't get to eat until late ... did I mention sonic stays open to midnite and later? I ordered  a Sonic Cheeseburger with mustard. A perfect tasty old fashioned hamburger -and a Dr. Pepper.  Naughty confession :  If I am wanting a soda? I will drive out of my way for a soda at Sonic - the crushed ice makes it perfect everytime.  They also have slushies - sundaes - salads- and many other appetizing foods. Just writing this I think I may have to go after work and hook me up with something Today!
3	Sonic is supposed to be a modern version of the classic drive-in diners from the 50s, complete with carhops that bring out your food on roller skates. Well, sometimes. I stopped in for a milkshake last night and was disappointed to see the carhop walking.  I have been there other times and the carhops have been on skates... The shake itself was good, Sonic does deserts well and the fact that they are open 24 hours is a big plus. The food itself is nothing special in my opinion, although if you are craving tater tots and are in a rush this is the place to get them
2	I'm glad I FINALLY made it to a Sonic.Now I never have to go again.It's not that it's terrible.  It's mostly just "meh."  No better and sligtly worse than other fast food joints (much worse than some).The burger meat was tasteless.  All I tasted was lettuce.  It's one of those burgers that depends on onions and mayonnaise to have any taste at all, and since I order without both, I got no taste.  The cheddar and jalepenos had no heat whatsover, and the jalepeno came out in one piece on the first bite, leaving breading and Velveeta to contend with.  Having the Tater Tots is a nice touch, but they were limp without any crust at all.And the whole thing about MAKING you eat in your car is lost on me.  We tried to walk up to order and sit at the few tables they had because I only want to eat in my car if I'm in a damn big hurry.  No go.  You have to order at your car, but they will bring the food to the tables.  After we got our food I started to wonder if we were expected to tip the woman for roller-skaing our food the five feet to us.  Sure enough, I saw other drivers tipping her.  So, what you get free at places like Carls Jr. is going to cost you at Sonic.Apparently it isn't just me who doesn't get it.  Another guy in a Mini drove up while we were there, walked up to the door and tried to order food.  When he was told he had to order in his car and the food would be brought out, he drove away.If you think roller-skaing waitresses is cool, go for it.  If you're looking for some decent fast burgers at a chaine, skip Sonic and hit In N Out or Steak N Shake or Carls Jr or Wendy's or, God help me, even Burger King and McDonalds.  Hell, I even think the burgers at Del Taco are tastier.  This is one place where the hype far exceeds the reality.
5	YUMMMMM. I LOVE Sonic and I'm sad that we have to go so far to enjoy it :(This one was great though! Staff was friendly enough and the food was delicious as always!20 minute drive from the hotel we stayed at on Lake Mead (Hacienda Hotel), and totally worth it!!
4	I have a love / hate relationship with Sonic, in particular this location in Henderson. On the plus side, it's open late (but not 24 hours), and service for the most part is fast and friendly. And sometimes you get the skating car hops which adds to the experience. Dislikes: Kinda quirky to get in and out of off Boulder Highway. And their payment systems won't let you put the tip for the car hops on your card. You gotta pay them cash. And sometimes they get slammed so if you have little patience in the evenings this is not the place for you. And one another annoyance is people that don't turn their headlights off while parked so you can get dazzled while eating your food sometimes....But nobody does drinks, shakes, floats, etc like Sonic...they don't even come close. A Route 44 Cherry Limeade, extra real cherries, easy ice hits the spot when few other things will on a scorching hot day.
4	Took my daughter there today for the 1/2 slushes happy hour from 2-5.  We got two drinks for $2.  The ordering was easy, as was the payment with the credit card.  The delivery of the order was quick.  I had a limeberry real fruit slushe and she had a strawberry real fruit slushe.  We hung out in our car, listened to music and enjoyed our drinks.  Getting into this place is a little odd because it is not actually on Boulder Highway, but set back with a medium in front of it.  I was going southbond on Boulder Highway, had to do what I thought would be a  u-turn, but ended up having to make a left, then left to get into the weird parallel street to Boulder Highway.
2	I wish I could rate higher as I think this is a fun fast food place and I love their wide range of dessert options. However, the location is dirty, the orders are never taken correctly the first time, and the staff are... Lacking.
4	Half priced shakes after 8pm? Uh, yes please. Sweet tooth satisfied!
2	It was always a pleasure getting the happy hour half off shakes, but not last night. My sister and I went to this store to buy shakes last night. After 3 hours of consuming those said shakes, we both had gotten food poisoning. I was awake all night long, but my sister who ordered a small sized shake, felt a bit better than i was. I'm going to contact the Corporate about this.
1	will not return because management will not accept certain coupons! and he was very rude! you'll know who he is, hes very big.
1	Food is terrible, complete lack of flavor. Didn't even get cherries in my cherry limeade!
4	Sonic is consistently sonic. The only difference you'll get between sonics is the speed of service and drink mixing ability. This place is pretty good. But the lake mead location is better.
3	One word: Tots! Well there's a few more words I'd like to say and that would be about Sonic. I've always driven by but never stopped in. Maybe it was the fact that I could park and eat my meal without having to drive off a bit to a spot.We went for the summer of shakes, where they were half off! There were quite a selection of flavors and combinations. Since it's close to work, I will come back to experience more!
5	Theyre burgers are awesome ! What makes it even better is happy hour on slushies and a great variety of flavors to choose from ! Im from la and my cousins stay down the street from here so every time I come down I have to hit this sonics up
