1	This clinic was horrible ! The staff isn't nice at all, no smile and absolutely not efficient. I waited 15 minutes just to have a receipt.... And the doctor... After waiting 45min and paying 100$ (student price) I got the chance to see a doctor for... 5 minutes, that's it. She was in such rush I couldn't ask her any question. I had fiever and very sore throat, she did not even looked at it... She just told me to take advil and buy any sort of syrup at the pharmacy ! Very usefull.... :(Conclusion, I feel like crap my throat is even worst and now I have to go to another doctor. DO NOT GO THERE !
3	So, in the last two weeks I have come here for two separate issues.The first, being that I stupidly fractured my coccyx (tail bone). I was seen after a short wait, and taken care of promptly and thoroughly. Dr. Guy did a good job at taking care of my situation, requested an immediate x-ray and saw me right after I was done to discuss my results, options, and pain relief methods. You never know how valuable a body part is until it's battered, leaving you completely dysfunctional and in mind-blowing pain.The second, I was having severe bursts of pain in my abdomen. I went to the clinic first because it happens to be right around the corner from where I live, and I needed to be seen immediately. I was shaking, crying, pale and obviously in extreme distress. Although I understand this is simply a clinic, the fact that I was turned away due to over capacity came as a shock. Considering the severity of my ailment, I would have appreciated it more if a doctor had seen me, even if temporarily, just to help relieve the pain I was in as I awaited my transportation to the emergency. I will still come here in the future when push comes to shove, but my last experience wasn't so great and has shown me that they are not willing to bend the rules in extreme cases that involve a person's wellbeing and health.
1	Terrible. I went in because I was on blood thinners and I was extremely pale and lightheaded. I knew that my blood was way too thin because I had a cut that took much longer to stop bleeding than it should have (not big enough to warrant a hospital trip) so I wanted my blood tested and dose of blood thinners adjusted. I had to pay $100 dollars to see the doctor, who said I was probably fine and tried to send me away. I argued that something was wrong so they did a blood test and said they were closing early (2 hours early) since there was no one else and they would call the next day with results. I saw somebody else walk in and they were told they were closing early so to go elsewhere.Then they charged me an extra $80 for the blood test. The next day, no call. I called back two days later and they said to call back another day because the doctor hasn't looked at the results yet. I played this same game with them for over a month before finally giving up. I had an appointment with my hematologist at the hospital, who said that my blood was much too thin and I should have gone to a doctor. I told her what happened and she said to never go there again, I may as well just come to emergency and wait 20 hours to be seen because it would be easier and won't cost $180 to get tests I won't ever get results of.
1	The only reason I ever go here is it's proximity to my house.The wait times are out of this world, and I've regularly seen staff chatting when people are waiting in the adjoining exam room.There are incredibly rude, and neglectfully incompetent doctors here who, it seems, just show up to collect pay.I saw one specialist there, I don't remember his name but he's older and has an office near the front door. While I was waiting to see him the office manager had just finished talking to him about a complaint from a patient. When I went to see him I was ready to walk out of his office after the first 5 minutes of being seen. I told him he was rude, inconsiderate, and had no business dealing with the public anymore. He literally send me to stay.I imagine he didn't want any more complaints to management about him.Another friend of mine was misdiagnosed, and had she not got to the CLSC for a second opinion, could had had her appendix rupture.Stay away for anything less than simple prescriptions.
1	Avoid this clinic if you can.  I have been there several times so my review here is not just about one incident. I usually don't even write reply but this time I think I need to do it as a favor for any patients who could be tempted to go there. The personal is very often rude, impatient and some are even agressive. If you have to many issues at once, they don't want to look at it. I am sorry for those from that clinic who are not like that but unfortunately, it seems to be the prevailing clinic culture.
