5	I'm more of an enthusiast than an expert but the PSO was one of my favorite things about Pittsburgh in winter.Despite the fact that they were between music directors and had a series of guest conductors (or maybe because they were in transition) every performance I went to (except maybe one) was very exciting. The whole hall vibrates with a cozy intensity and the seasons have been very varied - classics, modern stuff, interesting guests - so we always found one or two performances that we really wanted to hear.The cheap last minute tickets are a great deal, and if you look presentable, they'll put you in the dress-circle.
4	When I was kid, we would go to the symphony on almost a monthly basis. They have really great guests that rotate through fairly regularly. The hall itself is simply beautiful and very comfortable, its certainly a great aspect of the city and worthwhile thing to make a point to experience.
5	Cheers!Great music, great music director.  They take chances and do some of the all time favorites.  Lucky to have such a well respected orchestra in Pittsburgh.Everyone should try to find a concert they like and go at least once a year!   Some of the Pops series and guests are so much fun.  Even the kids like it.
5	Cheers!The PSO Pops can be fun and they do different themes and have different artists that make it more interesting.  You can pick a theme and artist that is of your interest.Dave Koz performance was wonderful.  Gregg Karukas was assisting.  Get night, lots of foot tapping.  For those that like jazz, this was a fun night.Also had a choir made up of some of the better voices from about 8 local colleges and universities.  They were great.
5	We are very fortunate in Pittsburgh to have one of the best symphonies in the country here in our hometown!  My wife and I subscribe to the Pops series and enjoy the talented musicians and performers they bring in.  Subscribing has been a great benefit, as they are very flexible allowing us to change concert dates either to another night in a concert weekend, or changing to another show altogether.  We enjoyed the support Marvin Hamlisch gave the symphony and look forward to what his legacy holds in the future!
4	I had a really unique experience seeing the PSO with Ben Folds back in June. he did many of his regular hits and his new piano concerto. he was able to have the PSO do a rendition of his concert classic "Rock this b*tch"-which was just so awesome to see a classical orchestra playing along with him.  I'd recommend looking for what other unique shows the PSO has throughout the year like this one. It provides for a different experience than a typical performance.
