5	This opened yesterday and did not disappoint!  Love all of the new equipment, the 30 minute express area is awesome and the hydro massage beds are soooo relaxing! And it's clean, clean, clean!  Love Planet Fitness!
5	I love this place. It has everything I need. Not any free weights but that's okay because you can easily substitute those with a couple dumb bell routines. I'm a pretty decently built male but I hated what this gym refers to as "lunks" that I saw at my other gym. I have a life, the gym isn't somewhere I plan spending 3 hours of my life at and that is why this place is perfect. I can just come in right after work, (which I do), hop on a machine and go. The greatest thing is the 30 minute express area which has everything you need for a quick and complete workout. And the light system allows for ample rest. The best part is 24 hours though, it's perfect for my schedule! Definitely go, $10 a month is nothing compared to the 30 I was spending.
4	This gym is pretty cool. For $10 a month you really can't beat it! But it's strictly a gym, no fitness classes or anything held here, which I wish they did have as an addition to your membership. Oh well.  Has all the necessary equipments you need to work out and everything is obviously brand new. I also like the fact that they're pretty hygienic. Every so often the tv will prompt and remind to wipe down and sanitize your equipment. This gym is also very clean. And the huge ceiling fans are super cool!!
4	It has been many years since I stepped into and a gym, lucky for me this place is right around the corner. Being a lot older and the need to actually keep up with my two kids, I decided to join. For only $10 a month and no contract, if I didn't feel comfortable I could just quit.  It has been about 2 weeks now and have been there 12 out of 14 days. So, you can say I can't get enough. The place is really friendly and nobody ever looks at you like what the hell is this guy doing here? I have been there in the early morning, evening and afternoon. This place no many how many or how little people are in the gym you feel comfortable. All the equipment is new. Lots of televisions so you can run, walk, bike to whatever is on. It seems like this place everyone is trying to be helpful no matter what you look like. No judging here. I don't regret join gone bit and am thinking of upgrading to the black membership. You can bring one person for free, massages and tanning are free plus half price drinks.
5	My new home from 6-8 on weekdays! I am so glad they opened a new location closer to me and you can't beat that $10 a month membership fee. It does get a little busy after 5 but usually dies down pretty quickly. The 30 min circuit area is my favorite, it's one of the reasons I love PF over all the other gyms out there.
4	For $20 a month you get unlimited acess to everything including tanning and total body enhancement, also massage in chair and water bed! All brand new equipment brought in feb 2014. Very clean. They do have a fairly strict dresscode... apparently to make the enviornment 'less intimidating to the members that were not quite "healthy" .' Which i honestly find a little ridiculous that i cannot wear a crop top or sports bra alone because SOMEONE ELSE in the gym may feel insecure or uncomfortable seeing my body.... i feel like those people need to just workout at home because that makes ME feel like i am being almost stereotyped to be skinny/athletic. Im actually trying to BEEF UP. Shouldnt matter what i'm wearing, i cover up appropriately i think! Anyways, overall its been a great experience at this facility. Just wish they would lossen up on the dress code a little bit.
5	I love the purple machines. It has a very relaxed atmosphere for a gym. You can't beat the price for a 24 hour gym unlimited tanning and hydro/chair massage. Would definitely recommend this except that the more people I tell the busier it will be. Catch 22 I want the gym to be successful but empty!
1	I was excited to change gyms for a few of the perks this one offered, such a personal training... However I guess you can only get PT, by kids that don't look older than high school age, during certain times. That being said, I was never offered a tour upon sign up or much information at all. I worked out for about a week there but never really felt the motivation to go, it's a fine gym but just felt blah. Today was the final straw for me. While working out on a glider, two women (out of shape I might add) that worked there felt like eating their fast food (mcdonalds and Jason's Deli Chili) would be appropriate within 2 feet of the workout floor. People are trying to lose weight, why would the smell of fast food be ok! Where is the health conscientious employees that motivate members?! Then I go to the ab area to find no mats or ab equipment except for machines, I do sit ups on the floor.... Walking out those same two women were standing outside smoking. What a disappointment. I'm canceling my membership tomorrow.
3	For $10 a month, it's not a bad deal but also keep in mind you get what you pay for. It's just a gym; there aren't any classes, pools, saunas or steam rooms. The location is perfect for me because it's literally five minutes away from my house, which was one of the reasons I signed up at this gym. It has all the equipment you need and a lot of cardio machines (but only 2 stair masters). The stretching area is a little small and only has a couple stretching mats. It would be nice if they had some stability balls and medicine balls, but I can't complain for the price. They gym is never super packed so I can get in and out with my workouts.
4	I am currently a member of LVAC which was my first gym experience. Because my sister is visiting Vegas for the summer, she got a black Planet Fitness membership and brought me along with her for a workout. I'll be honest. I've had some preconceptions about Planet Fitness...the clunker alarms, the purple equipment, the youtube advertisements that always say "no gymtimidation". OBJECTIVE THOUGHTS: Upon entering, gym is sizeable and clean.  Locker room is clean with showers, a vanity mirror, and several stalls. I guess there is a "massage" room with hydrotherapy massage tables, shiatsu chairs, and a tanning bed if you have black membership.  Stretching area in the corner with two precor and one stretching cage. Two black mats only and the rest are ab machines. A lineup of cardio equipment and TV monitors. A couple Smith machines, several adjustable benches, numerous dumbbell weights to select and some fixed weighted bars up to 60lbs I think? All of the machines look like LifeFitness with the weights adjustable by pins plus an incremental 5lb option. The circuit room has a Biggest Loser fitness guide on the wall with a timing stoplight to aid in pacing your sets. 10 circuit machines on the outside perimeter and 10 step stations in the center to alternate cardio with strength.SUBJECTIVE THOUGHTS:The check in desk looks like an arcade redemption counter to me with snack stand tables. The free pizza day as an incentive to go to the gym was odd to me. I think a healthier alternative like protein shakes or fruit day would be more aligned to the health goals of those at that gym, especially if they are there to get fit without judgement. Pizza post workout may cast some judgement. Massage room sounds cool. If I had a membership, I feel like I'd just go there all the time. I'd of course, clean the leather seats down before and after using it. The stretching area was minimal. Ok if the gym is not busy but there were times I could see congestion for the cage and precors. There definitely should be more mats for people who like to do bodyweight exercises and crunches. Cardio I enjoyed. Some channels had poor audio through my headphones though. Loved the circuit room. LVAC doesn't have room for 1 minute cardio intervals in between circuit machines and those are air pressurized. These are pin adjusted stacked weights. More barbell squat racks would be cool because I don't like Smith machines that much. OVERALL:A lot of info yeah? I tried to separate the objective from subjective because I wanted to be observant with it being a new gym experience. For new gym goers, this place gets the job done. I prefer my LVAC with all its hecticness because for $2 more, I get unlimited variety of classes. The contract sucks but if you are really motivated to work out for a healthier lifestyle, contract shouldn't turn you off anyway. This is a great starter gym or for those people who like to get in and out for a workout.Ending note: The gymtimidation reminder everywhere was a turn off. Intimidation is a state of mind. The only judgement that matters is your own for your own self. YOU NEED to judge yourself anyway in order to assess weak points and progress to goals. Being skinny is a social ideal but fitness is really a way of life. Don't let "not being skinny" stop you from continuing to pursue healthy living.
4	As far as a gym that requires no contract and charges just $10 per month this is Top of the Line!! But they do have a VIP memberhsip for just $20 a month that includes unlimited tanning, use of any facility nationwide and some cool massage chairs and machines. Honestly I've been a member of at least one gym for over 25 years and I have to admit I've never gotten more value for my money. They've even got a really fairly nice locker room facility. That all being said it doesn't have the VIP feel you'll get from a $100+ per month gym membership. Nor the pool, jaccuzzi or sauna. But if your here to get in, get your workout and get out. They've got rows and rows of cardio machines. A small circuit training room with over 30 stations and step by step walk thru on how to use it. There's also a fairly decent Ab's room with almost a dozen different machines. It's never overly crowded here, you can always get a treadmill  if you want one and their are two of most all of the universall machines. I'd definitely recommend this gym to friends who are serious about their workouts.
4	Bummer no scale to weight yourself if you are a non-lunker trying to weight your progress to lunkiness. However, I do love this facility for it's price. It's small, but orderly, and functional. It's got all the necessary sections (machines, ab/stretch/floor work, free weights, and 30 minute quick workout area)MACHINES: are placed in order of your section in your body. So say like arms, chest, leg, ab, etc. They put in order to where when you start in the beginning and work all the machines to the very last you have completed and worked out all sections of your body. So you really can't confuse yourself on when is leg day. AB AND STRETCH: Awesome place to work out the core. I love that swing-like ab machine in there. Doing floor work is there works, but come prepared to have people do free weight or machine workouts VERY close to you. never used the 30 minute section so I can't vouch for it. I pay $10 a month, and it gets the job done. So I can't complain. Also, they do have multiple locations which you can use, but be warned that you pay a $3 franchise fee every time you use an out of location gym.
4	I'm the Duke so I'm not not a fan. Pros: -It's just $10 a month and serves its purposes. $20 if you desire massage and tanning machine privileges and other things that $10 more gets you.-No commitment. You pay monthly and cancel anytime.-Lots of cardio machines which include treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairs, etc. I'm guessing at least 40 machines for cardio so you're not really waiting to go running or walking.-Clean and well maintained equipment. PF is still pretty new but I'm always seeing gym users and employees wiping down equipment and cleaning. If something ain't working its usually fixed asap.-Almost everything is in pairs. If someone is using the 10 lbs dumbbells there's another set of 10 lbs dumbbells. If someone is using the leg extension machine there's another one. -Equipment are organized and spaced out. Arm equipment are grouped with other arm equipment, back equipment, chest, legs, abs, etc.-Lots of TVs at least 20.-Showers always a plus.-The staffs friendly.-Temperature and environment is set right.-Gym is open 24/7 and the staff is there 24/7.-The Lunk alarm keeping lunks in check.-Ive never seen it too busy.-Free pizza and donuts once a month!!!Cons (not really cons its more like limits or what they're not offering):-If you want to bench your options are smiths machine or max out with 75 lbs dumbbells.-Free weight barbells limited to 65 lbs.-You bring your own towels, soap, shampoo, etc. Its not a motel.-You can't drop weights, they'll scold you or you'll set off the lunk alarm. -No sauna, swimming pools, basketball courts, scales to weigh yourselves.-Cardio machines don't have USB connections so can't charge ur phones while running a long time. Sorry Android users with bad batteries.-No free weight Olympic bars.-3 showers.-No classes like LVAC, 24hr fitness, or Gold's Gym.
4	LUNK ALERT!! I think my favorite part is the lunk alert alarm. It just make me smile while I'm working out, even if i was the one to drop the weight. let me go through my favorite parts. The Equipment: they have what seems like a million treadmills until it 6pm and everyone gets off work, but you can still jump on one and get to running. They also don't seem to have very many machines out of order. Cleanliness: They have paper towels and spray all around the gym for people to use to clean of their machines, which you should do!! Yo sweat is not my sweat!! Haha. They also have people vacuuming and walking around refiling the bottles of spray stuff and paper towels. I only wish they had towels, i think that would help with all the sweat. Black Membership: Totally worth it to me. I usually have a friend come with me. The black membership includes the discounted drinks, massage chairs, hydro-beds, tanning, and total fitness something something. I haven;t use the tanning or the total fitness thing but the massages are super cool. One day I'm going to walk in just for a massage after a long day.Staff: Always upfront greeting everyone and check us in. Usually see them walking around as well. They seem o have an easy job. They are super friendly when I'm sitting around waiting and they set me up for massages so yay! Cool things:The other cool part is the 30 minute section. It's perfect for my lazy days when i just need a quick workout. It includes machines and step stations. It has a red and green light to follow. Only downside is the people who come in and dont move from station to station. Cons: They don't have scales, towels, or hot guys bringing me water.. Lame.. But this place is still a solid 4 stars for me. They also have showers and changing rooms as well as drinks and swag up front for purchase. Cool place to work out.
4	I have been a member here since it opened up. It's a good gym if your just looking for exercise equipment with no fancy bells and whistles. It's only $20.00 for the black card membership which is worth it to me for right now. It does get a bit crowded around 6pm but it's never so bad you have to wait for machines. It would be nice if they had a scale in the locker room and maybe a towel service for black card members, and I do miss classes, but aside from that it's a great deal for someone concerned about their fitness but on a budget.
3	So just had my first experience here and I was pleased. PROS - very clean facility and didn't reek of sweat and other weird gym scents that seep into the drywall (sorry LVAC-Maryland & Karen lol) Nice staff , fresh feel , I went around 1 I clock so wasn't to crazy but I can imagine like any other gym to avoid during peak times 5-7pm 10$ can cancel anytime !CONS- no indoor track , I don't like treadmills at all. I prefer personal exertion and not being guided by a belt lol- the "gymindation" signs everywhere ( basically saying that you cant make grunting noises or drop weight or wear string tank tops because it can make members feel uncomfortable ?! That's the cheesiest corniest crap I have heard. The rules are kinda ridiculous. So if your striving to become the next Jay Cutler STAY AWAY FROM THIS GYM THEY WONT WELCOME YOU LOL. At the end of the day some one will always be better than you in the gym, whether they run faster , can complete more reps or just overall in better shape. It's up to you as the individual to strive to set your own fitness goals and to not worry about strangers inside the gym . (Just my opinion)I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't for those silly signs lol.I will return tho their non contract beats LVAC any day
5	$10/month  open 24/7  plenty of equipment & variety friendly staff next to Walmart  showers  wifiI don't care about the rules they have, I am only here to work out when it's convenient for me. If they would bother me, I wouldn't come. Nothing but good things to say about this place.
5	I like it a lot!First of all this place is brand new therefore it's super clean and nice. The location and convinience could not be any better -IMO. Planet Fitness is located next to a sport superstore, which is next to a Walmart store, GNC opposite side of the mall (2-3min walking), Chipotle, Nevada chicken and more restaurants further. Equipments: I do not understand people are complaining there is no this and that. IT'S TEN BUCKS! COME-ON. It does not have to be perfect and it never will but I think you get a lot of your 10 or 20 dollars - you shouldn't forget that. So, keep calm and work out!
1	Trying out this new location and not impressed at all. With my new schedule, this facility is more convenient with it being off the 215.PF philosophy was to promote a clean workout environment by encouraging everyone to wipe down machines, but the towels and spray are scarce. At the Henderson location, the towel/spray stations are located every few feet to make it easier to adhere to the wiping equipment down policy. I can already smell the sweat stench accumulating in the air. The staff is typical what you'd find at a gym...aloof and can't be bothered. Hey PF, let's fire one of your useless employees and get a few more towel/spray stations throughout the gym.Simple items offered at the other location such as a bar pad for the shoulder press machine are not available. "You can bring your own" is the comment when you inquire. I'm sure that one expendable employee could also cover paying for bar pads.At $10/month, you definitely get what you pay for...and not a smidgen more.
4	I've recently moved back to Las Vegas and was looking for a new gym where I don't have to worry about steroid psychos or old perverts farting around staring at your every move.Late one night  I was doing some research online and came across PF website. I read some info on their site and like what I've read so I decided to purchase a membership online. The next day I went to the gym for my free shirt and my black membership card and that was that. It was that easy! What's great about this gym is that it's open 24/7, the membership is affordable, you don't have to pay if you need help from a trainer, you can bring any guest for free, very clean, and the staff are very nice. The reason I gave it 4 stars is that there's no daycare center for children, but other than that I think it's so worth it for the price. Me and my husband, and my sister can go together everyday if we wanted to without worrying about having to pay extra. I think it's pretty cool.
3	I really like this gym really solid. Good machines, pretty clean (although it's declined recently). The reason they didn't get a five star is because I fell off a treadmill, no biggie I have a knee and ankle injury and sometimes it just buckles. I understand they have to do paperwork for it, but the two ladies at the front asked me really loudly in the middle of the elliptical section 30 minutes after I fell if I needed 911. I told them I was fine and if I can do it later. I mean they waited a half hour. Another 10 minutes would not have mattered. They made me feel like I did something wrong and have to go to the principal's office. No one noticed that I fell until they basically were screaming it out in the middle of the gym. They said they couldn't do the report at that time because they were busy, but considering what happened I think they could've stopped what they were doing if they thought it was urgent. It kind of added insult on to injury, no I take that back it literally did.
5	Awsome gym! Especially for $10 per month and open 24 hours a day! The $20 per month membership is even better with tanning and massage tables and chairs. Anybody that complains about this gym is just dumb. You dont like this gym, and youre cancelling your membership? Good! Get the hell out if here! we dont want your stupid negative energy here anyway.
5	For $10/month, you get what you pay for: a simple, yet effective, workout. I bring my own towel and don't need classes, so this place is perfect. It boggles my mind that people expect more, but want to pay less. This location is so close to my house and very accessible from the 215 for anyone else traveling to get here. It's also very clean! My 2 favorite things: it doesn't smell like sweaty bodies and they have a lunk alarm; two annoying things that aren't managed at the other big clubs. Again, you get all the machines and equipment you NEED for an effective workout. People wanting to pay $10/month for all that plus a juice bar, Zumba classes, swimming pool and racquetball court need not apply.
5	For $10 or $20 a month it's clean, a good vibe and nice machines. I like the "No gymtimidation" philosophy they have.If you're looking for a place to work out that's clean this is it.
1	BEWARE!  They claimed that there's no commitment or contract,  its a BIG LIE! I wasn't told about it when I signed up for their black card, (they tried to up sale, and I figured that $20/month is not too bad), the staff totally failed to inform me or he did that on purpose,  who knows. I cancelled it when I had to do a knee surgery, that's when I found out about that I have to pay a BUY OUT fee. Not a honest way to do business and I will not recommend anyone to go there.
5	This is the prefect gym for beginners. I love everything about this gym from the abs/stretch section to the 30minute workout section !!! When I first went to the 30minute workout section I was like this isn't going to do anything, but boy did I feel the BURN !!! no one judges you even when you don't know how to use some of the equipment correctly or when you set off the LUKE ALARM Lol !!! Well I love this gym.
