4	We went to the Pub for St. Patrick's day. Outstanding Corn Beef and Cabbage! Service was fast and polite. Green beer was icy cold! Place was very clean. Bar is separated from the dinning area by a glass panel. This allowed you to view the crazies in the bar but not get any of the smoke! Topped the diner off with fried Oreo's!
4	The Place is nice the bartenders are good at there job descent food and separate smoking area
3	This place is your standard pub atmosphere. kinda dark. If you enter on your left you enter the bar. IF you enter on the right it is the restaurant. I myself have yet to enter on the right hand side. My bf and I came here when we had 2 NFL games to watch. I ordered the buffalo wings eventhough I was dying to try the hamburger b/c I saw another person who had just received their order @ the bar. The wings were good but not to die for or anything. Well since we had been there since 10 am... and here it was 4 and we were still there watching our games we just went ahead and ordered dinner. I ordered the cheeseburger and it was really really good. On acouple of other occasions we came here for HH. well it wasnt so happy b/c the prices were kinda high compared to other bars in the area (for mixed drinks @ least for happy hour prices. I dont think I'd come back here for just happy hour but I would come back for that cheeseburger or the wings. ..but its just hard to come here for wings when BWW is just 5 min. away.
5	My friend & I go to this bar after we hike by the Silver Bowl, it was packed with UNLV & Boise peeps yesterday! We got there before the crowd, wow I have to give tons of credit to the bar tenders they did not have a moment to stop. The bar tenders were so busy but they were so nice smiling and doing the best they could. We always go there after a hike in that area because they have the icy coldest beers on tap in town! That means there cooler is CLEAN! Every thing we ordered was so good, the atmosphere is clean and comfortable! Our Favorite, after a strenuous hike :)
5	When I first decided we were going to move to Vegas, I told my fiance I would not become a degenerate gambler. Apologies to those who are, because I am thisclose to becoming just like you and am proud to do so at Mulligan's. First, Jocelyn is the best bartender. I love her, her bangs, her personality, her everything. She is one of the top bartenders we've ever had and she makes our experience at Mulligan's 100 times better whenever we go (which is not as often since we're attempting to save up for our wedding...oops...VEGAAAS!). She works on the earlier shift, so see her then (e.g. football games).Second, my fiance has won two royals there since we've moved to Vegas which has not been more than two years yet. That's saying something, but I'm not sure if it is about him or the looser slots? Let's go with loose slots. They have fun games and great incentives if you hit 4 of a kind, a flush, etc. You've got to appreciate the perks my friends.Oh the food. Oh, yummy food. I could eat that $3.99 breakfast special any time. Two eggs, hash browns, two pieces of bacon, two pieces of sausage and one very large pancake. $3.99. YES PLEASE! We would go to Mulligan's after the fiance's graveyard shift, get the breakfast special and then drink, I mean gamble, I mean, talk to Jocelyn and act like respectable citizens. I love the atmosphere and the darker pub feel, especially since clubs and dance beats aren't really my scene anymore.The Caesar salad no croutons with chicken? Hands down on the of the best Caesar salads I've ever eaten before. Huge portion, lots of delicious grilled chicken, they go somewhat easy with the dressing so I don't realize how many calories I'm consuming and oh yes, it fills me up for longer than an hour which is not normal with me and salads. Delicious. I want it almost every time. My fiance also loves the nachos and says they aren't too weighed down with cheese that ruins your meal with its greasy nature and the chips and light and crispy. He loves their nachos more than El Segundo Sol which is definitely saying something.So go to Mulligan's for a nice relaxed time, no drama, just drinks, a little video poker, some sports and maybe you'll even meet some new friends to do all of the above all over again the next day. Great place.
4	Last night, a few friends and I came to Mulligan's to enjoy some beers, shots and food.  I've never been to Mulligan's, however, once I heard that this place was right down the road from me, I was totally on board.  The place is super dark and has a section for dining and a section for the bar.  There are signs all over and pub style decor.  Remember when you come here, you are NOT allowed to say the F bomb.  If you continue saying that word, you will get kicked out.  I don't know why, but it's a rule they have.Last night we got the chicken nachos, chicken quesadilla and the spinach and artichoke dip.  The food overall is pub food and good when you had a few drinks down.  Isn't really something I would choose to eat all the time, but it works.  I think I had an overall great experience with the staff and my friends, which made me give a higher than normal rating.  I wouldn't mind coming back if my friends ever chose this place again.
1	I have only been in here once so this may not be a fair review. Came in around 4 PM and asked about happy hour specials and was told they didn't have any. Ordered a Bud Light longneck and they charged me $4. I commented that was pretty steep especially for a bar so far from downtown and was told i should have ordered a draft that it was a better deal. I guess i could have been told that from the beginning but oh well. Nothing exciting about the inside. Just a typical dark smokey bar trying to pass itself off as an Irish pub. I didnt try the food but the menu was typical pub fare with nothing really standing out. I dont see myself ever coming back to even rate it or give it a second chance.
2	I've been in Henderson/Las Vegas again now for 7 months. My office is close to this place so I chose to move over here so that I could either have a short drive or just ride my bike. I had driven by this place many times and finally decided to stop in one night since I didn't feel like cooking or cleaning up. I had a few hopes of finding some place near me that I could hang out in every so often, but all hopes were dashed. I'm sure most people around here are use to the indoor smoking thing, but I am not and find it disgusting, though I knew this would be the case going in so I tried to find a spot away from everyone else. I'm sure you'd ask why I didn't just go sit in the dining room, but I was alone and I feel stupid sitting at a big table by myself. Plus, typically dining rooms don't have tv's so I'd just be sitting there alone and bored. The bartender finally came around and I got a Maker's on the rocks. I'm seeing a trend in this area that Maker's is as  good as it's gonna get. Looking through the menu I finally decided that nachos sounded good and were safe. Boy was I wrong. First off they drench the bottom of the plate with refried beans so you get this sopping mess of soggy chips in the end. Not sure how they managed it, but the nachos them self were boring as crap. The chicken was dry, the ingredients seemed bland, and really I only ate them because I was starving. The atmosphere was ok, but really it was just your typical smoking rednecks of Hendertucky. Seeing that it's across the street from my apartment, I wish I could say I would go back, but I highly doubt it. I was just terribly underwhelmed by the whole experience.
3	This place is a nice hang out place. It offers the basics a bar should have and despite being in a sketchy area and locked at night (you must be let in) it feels cozy and clean. I had a bit of a mix up on my order one time where the server was confused when I wanted a warm apple jack and instead tried to give me tea with whisky in it. haha. The pizza is very cheesy and good to share. Overall it is decent place to get a drink and bite to eat.
5	My wife and I moved here from Scranton, PA, a place where neighborhood bars are the order of the day.  We wandered into Mulligans last summer as it was very close to our condo and were pleasantly surprised.  In the course of the last 10 months we've NEVER had a bad meal  here, the drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders, Megan & Jonas, greet us every time we come in and have our drinks on the bar before we sit down. The PA neighborhood bar experience indeed, we love it.
5	Great neighborhood establishment. One of those places where "everybody knows your name." Good food and good beer selection too. I'll be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
4	I've lived in the surrounding area for 4 years now and never once thought about stopping in for a drink. I've seen their sign advertising various specials and events, but given the crazy people that congregate around the bus stop nearby, I never wanted to risk going in and dealing with crazies.  My friend told me to meet her there one day after a softball game. My softball buddy and I went there and she met up with us later. We were hungry so we ordered some food. He went with the BLTAPNB which is a standard BLT with Peanut Butter. Seemed odd, but worth a shot. I went with the more than a turkey melt sandwich which has turkey, bacon, cheddar cheese, garlic butter, and Cajun mayo. We split both sandwiches and they were OUTSTANDING!  The prices were affordable too! Onion rings were good, a little on the undercooked side where the whole ring comes out of the breading, but whatever. French fries were cooked perfectly.  Beer is reasonable, both draft and bottle.  The only thing is, if you don't like a smoky place, this may not be the place for you. HOWEVER, they do have a small seating area/restaurant area that is completely closed off from the bar with glass partitions so that may work for you if you want something to eat.  Bar staff is friendly, and this is definitely a neighborhood joint where if you visit enough, they'll get to know your name and drink of choice.  Have been back multiple times now and planning on going again.
5	I really like this bar. If I have to be honest, though, I'm not sure I would have stopped by the place if I were just randomly driving by cause it seems a bit sketchy from the outside, but since it's right next door to the in-laws, the wife and I grab a few cold ones before heading into the madness.The beer is great, Meghan and Andy are da bizness, and the place has a pretty chill vibe. You can tell the staff gets along with each other by their kwerky and sarcastic sense of humor; just the way I like it. I give it two enthusiastic thumbs up.
2	We decided to check this bar out last night after a football game, so of course we were a little riled up.  We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza - the sauce was good, but overall it was okay. While waiting for our food, the bartender asked us (along with a few other patrons) to watch our language... What?!!  We're at a bar.  Everyone is 21 and over.  Can someone please explain this to me??  So instead of staying longer, we took our business elsewhere - where we could gamble, drink, and curse without getting scolded.
4	I don't drink or I may never leave this place. I either get food and eat at the bar or food to go. They are always friendly and I have a good time. I have to say you need to try the pizza burger..YUM!
1	First of all. Don't speak to me with an attitude. If you hate your job. GO FIND ANOTHER ONE! The bartenders are are meh at best. And for Mulligan's policy not using derogatory words in their bar is straight bs. It's a BAR for Christ sakes. Give a kit kat or snickers because that would've made me have a better time. My first & ONLY time being a patron here. Overall experience WACK!!!
5	Five star pizza... WOW.  That's all I gotta say.  The peanut butter BLT was not my cup of tea.  The fish and chips were pretty good.  The pizza though, my gosh.
2	Pretty hilarious that you have to watch your language in a bar for 21 and up only but whatever.  This bar isn't in the best location,  Boulder Highway has lots of transients and this location is no exception.  The food, bartenders,  and atmosphere is barely average.  Wouldn't suggest it to friends, family, or anyone else
4	I live in the homes nearby. This is not a great area in general but a lot of nice homes have gone up and there is nowhere decent in the area to go for drinks & food... except Mulligans. The drinks are made right, reasonably priced with quick service. The restaurant has great burgers and sandwiches at reasonable prices. The staff has always been friendly and efficient. My complaints are: 1-Bar is SMOKEY! but the restaurant is not at all, I've brought my teenage boys in there with no worries (they love the burgers)2-The constant cursing reminder. Stupid, are we 12? It's annoying to be interrupted in middle of a conversation... at a smokey dive bar... for cursing.
3	Bartender & waitress nice food is ok ;) !! Good prices not best area but it's ok first time here !! My fiance seems to like it he loves his beer !
5	Moved to Vegas recently, finally found my way over here and I'm glad I did!  Megan, the bartender, is amazing, friendly, and quick.Put a couple bucks in the poker machine and ate some food.  I had the chicken parm and my girlfriend had the taco salad.  AMAZING.  The put a piece of ham between the Parmesan and chicken, wow.  I need another just writing about it.  Only drawback is every $10 you lose on the machine equates to one comped drink.  Should be free while you play, but being the area that it is in I understand.  Every patron I encountered were nice as hell as well. And as far as the cursing, everything goes but "F*ck". So, who cares.I'll certainly be back.
3	I live around the corner from this place and stopped in on a Monday afternoon, and it was packed with "regulars".  The bar staff seemed very friendly and attentive to everybody else, but made me feel like an outsider intruding on a private party.  My glass sat empty for quite a while before I finally had to flag someone down for a refill, twice.  Same for getting a food menu.  Reasonable prices and decent food, but the lack of proper service will keep me from going back.
1	Awesome place except for one bartender.  Literally came in for a drink and saw a beautiful women across the bar, bartender said don't talk to her she spends to much money here gambling (so he gets tips).  Ended up talking to her and got banned after that.  So much for a friendly Irish atmosphere unless you are shoveling money in the machines. It was a little Mexican/asian man.... Not Cheryl or Andy (they are awesome) this guy was just disrespectful and greedy POS!
5	We always eat on the family side and have always had a fantastic experience. I highly recommend their wings with the "Jesus" sauce, amazing! Just make sure to get an order for everybody who wants in on some.
