5	I came in to see Sherry for a hair cut. She does a great job, really seems to know what she's doing. The salon is recently opened and is very beautiful with a relaxing atmosphere!
5	Sherry truly is a Master Stylist. Her long and successful career speaks for itself. While she always stays current on the latest trends in hair and beauty, you can count on her to focus on the style that will make you look your absolute best - not just what's "hot" at the moment. I always leave her chair feeling like I look my very best version of myself, instead of looking like I'm trying too hard.  It's also great to be able to go to one person who can take care of your cut and color and who is truly an expert in both areas. Sherry is great with correcting botched color jobs by other colorists or from a home hair color kit (We've all been there.) The only problem is - you might become addicted!
5	I've known Sherry for over ten years and honestly I can't think of anyone else that does a better job than she does. I live in Los Angeles and for many many years she did my color, my brazilian blow out and my haircuts. I was so sad when she told me she would be relocation to Vegas, I mean what was I supposed to do?!  I tried other places and no one ( I mean NO ONE) gave me the right color, ever. My brazilian blow out wouldn't last more than 2 months, haircut? forget it, can you say split ends after just a few weeks.So now, she opened her new salon in Vegas and I will have more reasons to visit. I will travel to Vegas to see her, that's how much I love her work. I can always trust, that I will leave her shop looking like a million bucks. She is really that amazing!
5	Sherry always makes my hair look wonderful! I'm so glad I found her! She did my hair for prom and has cut my hair several times. I'm always happy with the outcome. She does great cuts and up-do's, and while I don't get my hair colored, I've seen other clients that she has done a great job on. I recommend sherry to everyone. :)
5	I came to Sherry seeking a Brazilian Blowout because i found these great reviews on yelp and i have to tell u I am very pleased with the entire experience. I have unruly type 2c curly hair;very thick, long and hard to handle. Im a mom of 4 & dont have time for my hair so this blowout seemed like it was right for me. I had a consultation with Sherry,told me this process would make my life easier, and it has. Not only is my hair manageable, it has lasted through the ultimate test of 100% humidity. I moved to Hawaii 2 weeks after i got the blowout...a month later its still frizz and stress free . Thank you Sherry! I'll fly back to NV to see you in a few months for another treatment.
5	Love it here ! Sherry is the best stylist in town I know - #brazilianblowout - master stylist most personable and genuine one also and best prices for her amazing work
