5	I love Bike Source because they're open on Sundays!  And their team did a great job fixing my gear shifters in less than an hour even though they looked pretty busy.  If I ever trash my ride or need an upgrade, this is where I'm throwing my hard earned money because they work hard too.
5	Bicycle riders carry a feeling of satisfaction and serenity, I have noticed this recently.  What is about bike riding that brings this great aura to its participants?  "Can I help you with anything today?" she said; the cashier with the glow.  "Sure, how difficult is it to commute to work in Charlotte?"  I asked.  We talked together for a good five minutes all about bike riding.  Apparently Charlotte isn't the most bike friendly town (as far as trails and bike lanes go) this wasn't going to stop her.  She explained to me that she was thinking about selling her car and using her bicycle for all of her transportation needs.  Now this was a woman who I could easily buy a bike from.  She went on to tell me loads of useful information; I remember this webpage in particular: mapmyride.com.  This is a biker's forum where people give the best routes to different destinations around the city.  Bike Source carries mountain bikes, cruisers, racing bikes, and others.  I think I might invest in the Townie brand; they have a slick retro design that I could dig on.  Oh yeah, Bike Source has a bike shop inside the store and if you purchase a bike here they do free adjustments for life.
4	The 1st thing that stands out to me about this place is the service. I was there to just peruse the mountain bikes as I'm looking for a good hobby. I was just checking out the Specialized mountain bikes, which they have a ton of, & a salesman approached me. Usually I hate this scenario, especially when I have no idea what I'm looking for, but this employee really helped me out. He talked about what I might need & what I need to look for. If I had enough money to purchase the bike I wanted, then he would have had a sale.BikeSource has a large selection from beginner bikes to really expensive ones. They also have a bike repair shop & they were working on quite a few bikes while I was there. Their apparel selection is a little limited, but they still seem to have all of the essentials whether you are a novice or an expert.So when I garner enough cash to get the bike I want, I'll head back to BikeSource to purchase. They have great service & a great selection of bikes, especially if you're looking for Specialized bikes.
4	BikeSource is in the process of expanding its store, and its bike selection appears to be growing even more. I drooled over the adorable cruisier bikes while my boyfriend bought fenders for his road bike (which he also bought at Bike Source). They had to special order the fenders, so the store called him when the fenders arrived and we took his bike in. They installed them pretty quickly and did a good job. We've always had friendly, helpful service there.
4	Wonderful and knowledgeable staff. All were ready and willing to answer any of your questions. Largest selection of Specialized and Electra bicycles I've seen. Majority of the employees are roadies so I trusted their opinions and suggestions. They seem pretty legit and not cocky. No BS.
1	My husband bought my bike from BikeSource, they did not put my bike together properly.  After riding it my chain guard rattled where it wasn't assembled correctly.  They also told me I owed them money for some accessories, turned out they owed my husband a few bucks, they could have kept the money if they wouldn't have hounded me, about me owing them money.  And lastly, the best thing about buying from a store like this is the convenience of a warranty and the service policy , well you know they think I am an asshole, so I don't really want to go in there.  I love my bike, I wish we would have purchased it from REI.
4	Great location, great stock of bikes and accessories...I'm a fan!When the weather is warm, I love riding my bike. During one of my rides, my husband and I passed by BikeSource. We stopped in spontaneously to fix a kickstand and saw off an old broken lock...within 10 minutes or so and $10 later they did the jobs and we were on our way. I had no idea that they also had a little repair shop in there...they do and it's quite large too! The staff were really friendly too. This Park Road Shopping Center parking lot always makes me nervous, in a car, on a bike, or walking...be careful and look both ways!
5	The Staff was very knowledgeable and helpful with my questions. I am looking to transition to clipless pedals and the staff clearly explained it all to me and didn't even pressure me to buy. They even recommended for me to bring my bike in and they'll lift it up so I can practice with clipless pedals first prior to deciding to purchase and/or taking them out on any trails. Great service.
1	Lame.  Nothing in stock other than over priced bikes and spandex.  Since they had nothing but bikes and spandex, I tried to order what I needed from them since I was there and at the time didn't mind giving them my business.  But alas they were asses.  Told me to go by one item somewhere else after telling me they could order it for me b/c it wasn't in their catalog and he didn't want to have to "look for it".  The other item I asked what the difference between two different brands were and the sales associate pushed the catalog at me and said "it's right there, just read it."  Boo to this store, epic fail.
2	Ton of selection here, but the few times I've been in here I got the 'stare-down' from employees and I waited for them to approach me to see if I had any questions.  After some browsing on my own, no one wanted to help me so I just left.  I felt like they were watching me the whole time too.It's one thing if the store is busy, I can understand not being friendly and helpful, but I really felt like I was not welcomed there at all.  It may have been an "off" day for some employees so I will give them another shot (4th time's the charm right?)
1	Terrible service and attention to detail. I took my bike in to have it tuned up. I wanted to make sure the front derailer was properly aligned so it wouldn't derail while I was pushing hard (and NOT shifting). I was told that I need a new set of rings since the old ones were worn and likely to cause the chain to derail. This may be an issue if you have problems while shifting... but not once you're in a gear... but I went along and over paid for the part and extra installation fee. When I got my bike back two days later, the new ring was on but the derailer wasn't touched... at all. It was still set up for the old set of rings. Not even close. The chain was "on", but one crank at it fell off. They didn't even give the crank a single turn after installing ( $25) and "tuning up" ($80) mike bike. The manager saw this (I was outside) and came over and apologized and said he would take care of it - I could pick it up the next day. Well I came back and the manager saw me and got my bike. It did in fact look like it had been adjusted to fit the new ring (end stops were in the right place, etc), but a quick test ride in the parking lot revealed that the rear derailer was out of alignment. Again not a very good tune up. So I came back the next day. This time the manager worked hard to not even make eye contact with me when I came in. It wasn't until I complained loudly at check out that I would not be paying for the "extra work" they had to do to finish the job they never started ( I already paid for the parts, labor, and tune up) that the manager finally came over and apologized again. Absolutely terrible experience on a cheap-ish $700 Marin I would hate to see what they would do with a nicer bike.
4	I have always had decent service when I am here. Not pushy and over bearing but not none existent. Just ask and they are more than willing to help. Things might be a little pricey here but there are always things hiding. They have a full shop in the back for when you decide to kiss asphalt or taco a wheel. They know what they are doing.
5	Great Service.I rode my bike there from ballantyne and ended up getting there 20mins before they opened. I was able to get my bike in right away for a tuneup. They were able to fully service and clean my bike in under an hour and a half. The bike felt like a champ when I left and I road it uptown. Glad to have found a great place in Charlotte to take my bicycle and I will definitely be going back.The staff was friendly and attentive for the duration of my visit.Thanks again guys!
5	Great service and great bikes!
2	This bike shop has a lot to offer when it comes to bikes. The shop is awesome as well. The one thing I noticed immediately though was the price gouging. I will not be paying $350 to get fit on a bike. Yes thats right, thats the going rate at this shop.
5	Great shop, awesome staff, sweet selection of every kind of bike. Mike Harvey is great and super helpful make sure to ask for him. He took time to really help my wife find a new brain catcher and was super great with my little 1.5 year old son. Definitely recommend Bike Source!
5	Took in a 1997 Specialized that had fallen into severe disrepair. Was seeking to rebuild it so a young friend could learn to mountain bike at low start up costs. The tech did an excellent job what repairs were required to insure it could safely be ridden. The repairs were done quickly and exactly on budget. The bike looks and rides great. Thanks for a job well done!
2	I took my bike in for a tune up. The work on the bike was fine, but the staff I dealt with treated me like I was an idiot or a liar when I explained that the seat bag that was on the bike when I dropped it off had not been put back on. After a call to the manager, they finally found the bag, but I had to make a second trip to the shop to get it. I appreciated the manager's attention to the problem, but the service person's attitude turned what could have been a minor problem into a major one. I'm going to look for a shop where customer relations are a higher priority.
4	Bike stored help me out with some issues on my broken bike.  I didn't buy a bike from this store, but I did use there service department.   The guys in the back were very friendly, and help me diagnose the broken part quickly.  These guys are all very knowledgeable.  Not once, I did I feel I was getting the run around.  They were direct and honest.I'll becoming back here for my bike service needs.
5	I just purchased a new bike from this store and was very impressed. The staff took time to ask me questions about what I will do with my bike. They put me on a couple of bikes to try them out and adjusted my bike to fit me perfectly. They have the best selection of any store I have been to.
5	First time here. I was recommended by a coworker because I want to start riding my bike to work. I must say I am very impressed. I came with my wife and kids and when I arrived we were not bum rushed. I like that a great deal. We were allowed to browse and this was great. We were eventually asked if we needed help and the sales person that came to assist was very kind, informed, and professional. Bikes have come a long way and I wasn't used to a bike costing what they do now but the value of these bikes were well explained and I can see why many love the sport and this place. From what I saw this is the place to be and those in the know...which I wasn't all knew this place has "it". I bought a bike and had a different color special ordered.  I am a newbie, and I highly recommend this store.
3	Sales = 5 Stars.  Service = 1 Star. Result = 3 Stars.
5	A+++ customer service. I took in my daughter's stroller, one of the three-wheeled jogging ones, because the front tire had come off the axle. I didn't know what else to do, and the tire looked like a small version of a bicycle tire, so I figured I'd give it a shot. The guys in the service area were great. They didn't blink when I explained the problem and that I didn't know where else to go. The took the tire apart, realized that the bearings were shot and went to work trying to figure out what size they were. They were able to determine the size, locate two of them in the shop and had the old ones popped out and the new ones pressed in in about 20 minutes. Total cost was around $30! This was a $200+ stroller that the manufacturer couldn't service. Without their help, it was probably going in the trash. I can't comment about the bikes they sell (I'm not a bike guy), but I know good service when I see it. When my daughter graduates from the stroller to a bike, BikeSource is where we'll be going.
5	I bought my bike here and it was a big investment but their customer service post purchase have made me feel really good about my purchase.First visit they fixed my bike for free since it was such a minor issue.Second time I got a complete overhaul after I had rode my bike hard and put it away wet for a year. I paid I think like 70-80 bucks and they handed back a brand new bike.Very impressed
5	best bike shop in the area!!! From selection to service to consultation, this LBS is AWESOME! The staff are all riders & many are or have been accomplished racers who can advise you on all of your bike related questions! They are friendly & professional! The Service Dept is fast, thorough, and does not over-sell or charge for service. This is an excellent retailer for all your bicycling needs! Check them OUT!!!
