4	Yes it's my 51st review on the 51's, not a coincidence! I am a huge baseball fan too bad this squad is a triple A club of my intra division rivals. This review is only on the 51's not Cashmen field that will come later. This is also just for this years club it wouldn't be fair to lump them with past years rosters and management. The 51's formerly Las Vegas Stars are a triple A franchise of MLB's Toronto Blue Jays. This relationship will likely end soon as the travel distance between the two is cost prohibitive. There has also been a fair amount of discussion of a name change though not since the early stages of new ownership in 2008-09 season. It is believed that new ownership is shopping four a fourth affiliate (Padre's and Dodger's were the previous clubs) to carry the 51's through the next decade. An emphasis on a west coast following is a top priority for the search as is or should be long term commitment of growth in the market. The first game I attended this year was great a come from behind victory against The Fresno Grizzlies. The 51's spotted The Grizz three runs in the first before we even made it to our seats. The 51's answered back with two in the bottom of the 1st. Then after giving up two more in the top of the fifth the Alien bats broke loose for 5 runs in the bottom half to take a lead that they would not relinquish. This game was very entertaining from a fans point of view and moved well with very few pitching changes in the late innings. The 51's at the time were in sole possession of first place in their division the are now in sole possession of the basement! It is often said that the measure of a triple A team is more about the quality of player sent to The Show to bolster the parent club especially late in the season. While that is a great notion it would also be nice to put an entertaining product on the field from week to week as well. We shall see as the long season progresses as to how well our friends from Toronto take care of us. I hope to see all the YELPERS on the 3rd for our 51's outing. SYOY
5	After living in Vegas for a short time, I've made it. No, I didn't become the headliner for a show on the strip. I made it to a baseball game.I attended the 51s game for a Yelp CMYE outing, and I couldn't be happier with the experience.I didn't know any of the players, or anything about the teams. I just wanted to come out and hang out with my yelp friends, and have a good time. Having said all that, I do watch baseball, but just not at the AAA level.The game atmosphere is nice. Concessions are cheapish. Bathrooms are clean, and I had one hell of a time with my friends.My advice to you? Try to pay attention to the ball as it is being batted. You don't want to be THAT GUY who gets beaned in the head because he wasnt paying attention.
4	Every year we look forward to Baseball season.  Going to a 51's game is cool.  It reminds me of how Baseball is suppose to be......- Hot Dogs- Peanuts- and Cracker Jacks.....- Beer- Pretzels- Cheap ticketsHot summer day games and warm summer night games.  Most of the players are approachable and will sign a ball or cap or baseball card.....my Son loves it and so do I.Return Factor - 99%
4	I love the idea that there is a AAA team here and I love baseball and prospects on the verge of MLB. This team is the AAA feeder for Toronto Blue Jays which is odd because Toronto is so far away. Luckily a lot of Canadians live in Vegas and Visit. They used to be most recently the AAA team for the Dodgers which would be a lot cooler to follow since the Dodgers are the nearest MLB team to Vegas and could follow the team better. They do have a lot of event nights including $1 beers on certain nights. They also have these unreal nachos here with the kitchen sink on top and a bar on the second deck. My only gripes are 1. The Stadium2. Paid Parking3. Stupid team name and Logo ( not gonna rep any gear until they switch back to the Stars)However in the spring and end of summer baseball is such a great relaxing event and I would love to just sit and relax to more games. But, that damn parking will stop my walk up ticket consistently.
4	Good Times!I'm not a big fan of Major League Baseball...  but I really enjoy watching the minor league guys.... the stadiums are smaller and the games are more fun.... more action.  And the guys are playing in hopes to make it big one day... most never make it so they are in it for the love of the game.  Mondays are $1 value menu... $1 hot dogs and peanuts....And on Thursday nights... it's $1 beer night.It's a good event to enjoy the evening.... sit outside, watch America's favorite pasttime, eat peanuts and get out of the house for a while.
5	First off its no Major League Game at a Major League ballpark. BUT it was still fun. And reasonable. 14 Dollars and i was sitting behind homeplate. A Seat where at Coors field it will set you back about 500 dollars. For 20 Dollars you can sit in the Dug out seats. Which is really right there. Go on Thursdays for Dollar Bud and Budlight Night. Mondays are Dollar Snack night. The beers were good. The food wasnt up to MLball park standards but it served its purpose. A little pricey but hey your at the ballpark. And you get a free spin on a slot machine, to win prizes. Plus the fans are fun to talk to and joke around with.And its cheaper then sitting in a stuffy movie theater.
3	Being born and raised in Las Vegas, I grew up going to Las Vegas Stars baseball games here back when they were owned by the Padres and were still called the Stars in the good ol' days lol. Saw my first ever baseball games as a kid here in this stadium, it seemed a lot bigger back then. To this day I still enjoy swinging by with my wife or buddies to catch a ballgame and just relax in the warm summer nights with a cold Dr Pepper and hot dog mmmm. Games are as good a deal as ever with two for one tickets for Club Ride card holders, and with Dollar Menu Night on top of that you can't go wrong! (Dollar menu night is for hot dogs, popcorn, peanuts, cracker jacks, and pretzels.) Tickes are nice and simple $20, $14, $13, $10 I believe is what it is. Easy access off the I-515/US-95 with Las Vegas Blvd or I-15 via Washington, or ride RTC Transit route 113 or 208 to get dropped off right in the cultural corridor and skip the traffic and parking fees. Sure the nae may be a little cheesey, but if you live in Vegas for any amount of time you've got to swing by and enjoy a night out at the ballpark in the summertime for a great deal. Can't beat a $10 baseball game Triple-A or not!
4	The only reason I dropped a star was for the team, I was disappointed in how poorly we played against the Sacramento River Cats. But the stadium is nice, it's changed alot since the last time I was there (many many years ago).The games are fun and affordable. Parking wasn't horrible either, $4 is a steal. The summer nights can be hot, but you can't hibernate inside all summer. $1 beer night (Thursday)  was a great deal.I would go back and cheer on the 51's again. Hopefully they win next time.
4	Root root for the home team! Peanuts and Cracker Jacks and beer! Taking in a 51s game is a fun, cheap way to spend an evening. Savings hint: Every Thursday is $1 beer night. Sadly, I just wish more folks would attend these games. C'mon Vegas locals and tourists - get your butts to a bench and take in a game. To me, summer just isn't complete without enjoying several baseball games. And ok, sure, the 51s aren't exactly the most spectacular team to watch, but the games are truly enjoyable - and you have to show some love for our local team.
4	Its a smaller park (compared to a MLB park) but every seat is a good seat. You can sit at the top and not see your house at all. Fun,  cheap,  parking is close. Go tonight, go tomo, just go. Support our team. Besides, nothing beats a beer at the ball game.
5	Don't pay attention to the reviewers that say Cashman Field is a wreck. It's not at all. It's a rather nice ballpark. It was clean, the seating was nice. I enjoyed the park quite a bit. My wife and I even went on $1 beer night (Thursdays), and it wasn't nearly as rowdy as I thought it would be. It was pretty tame, actually. Mondays are $1 hotdog, pretzels, popcorn, cracker jack and peanut night, BTW. The game itself was great. It's AAA ball, the best stuff you'll find below MLB. Some of the players had even played in the MLB before. A $10 "reserved section" seat gets you so close to the field you could spit on it. Great seats, comfortable, great view, close to the action. The park is small, which makes for a nice intimate feeling. Parking is $4 per car, BTW. I highly recommend seeing a 51's game. Don't waste your money buying online and getting ripped by Ticketmaster. Buy your tickets for face value at the box office. The attendant says they never sell out, so you can just show up and get tickets! I'll be back for sure.
4	Casey At The Bat..."Then from 5,000 throats and more there rose a lusty yell;It rumbled through the valley, it rattled in the dell;It knocked upon the mountain and recoiled upon the flat,For Casey, mighty Casey, was advancing to the bat...." - Earnest Thayer.That's why we go to the game.  It's nostalgia.  It's Americana.  It's good ol'fashioned fun.  Some people go to watch the game, but I go to hear the crack of a wooden bat and the pop in the catcher's mitt.  Eat some stadium nachos and drink a few brews!  Spend time with friends and family.I went to my first game here in 1986!  They were the Stars back then.  I have seen players like; Santiago, Alomar, Alomar, Konerko, Werth, Victorino.  Seen quite a few major leaguers on rehab; Gagne, Garciapara, Ramon Martinez... Et al.  I was driving home from work one day and a buddy called me and said Lasorda was sitting behind the plate - so I drove down there I saw Lasorda!  (He slept for 2 innings)A couple of years ago "Hu" was on first! Or was he on second?  What was on second - Hu was at short... something like that.  Since the Dodgers Left - the place has gone down hill some.  Trust me - nobody gives a rats ass about the Blue Jays farm system.  Of course I say that as a Dodger fan... The grass used to be as green as any major league stadium, but it is looking more like a JR high field.  Oh, and BTW - "The 51's" is the dumbest name for a sports team.  I still call them the Stars!In reality - most people go to the games just to get out and do something fun.  Watching the game just gives us something to fall back on.  This place lacks that minor league park charm though.  Most minor league teams do something quirky for an attraction.  I suggest a few things; bring in some food vendors like some of these food trucks, better give aways, get some local celebs down there or really anything new. Can we get Wayne Newton down there to sing, "take me out to the ball game???"I do like dollar beer night!  That is a good time to go people watching.  I have been going there for dollar beer night since I turned 21!This is the best place in Vegas to catch the Fourth of July fireworks!It is easy to get to and parking is a cinch.  Close to downtown, Jerry's Nugget and the world famous Palomino Club!This review is a bit of a mixed bag but, this is a MUST for Las Vegans.  It is Baseball.  The venue, who is on the field and who wins... who cares.  It's baseball.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect, having grown up going to baseball games at Qualcomm (previous home to the San Diego Padres), Dodger Stadium and AT&T Park.The field at Cashman is actually really nice.  It's obviously smaller than larger stadiums, and the crowd is much smaller.  But there's lots of pros here, including: (1) proximity to the field; (2) cost of tickets; (3) good food and drinks; and (4) no parking hassle.I paid $10 per ticket for bleacher seats that were still really close to the field.  Actual seats were $3 or $4 more per ticket.  It's much easier to see (and be engaged in) the game.  I felt like I could see the player's expressions.  I love that!!!  Much better than being in nosebleed.  (Which is basically non-existent at Cashman.) They also have a good food selection for a sporting event, i.e., there's not just one or two $10 burger or hot dog options.  Here, there was lots of hot dog options, hamburgers, pretzels, fries, etc.  They also sell shaved ice for $5, which really hits the spot in the heat.  Also, while there was quite a bit of people when we went it wasn't a PITA to get out of the parking lot after the game.  Big plus with not spending an hour trying to get out of the stadium!Incidentally, parking was $4 for non-season ticket holders and there was plenty of parking.I honestly (and surprisingly) had a great time (I kinda thought it'd be like a high school baseball game, which it wasn't -- at all).  It's a fun thing to do in Vegas that's off the strip and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  Yay!
2	I long for the days when the Padres or Dodgers were the parent team as they are close enough to be relevant.  The Blue Jays on the other hand draw little interest in Las Vegas. Positives: Every seat is a good one.  The ball is usually flying in the heat, there is a chance to see future stars at AAA level and we have seen Roger Clemens watching his son Kobe.Negatives: HEAT - the stadium does little to alleviate the heat                Entertainment:  The ugly donkey looking alien mascot does next to nothing and the pizza mascots even less.  There is no kids play area.                Food - with the exception of the buffet on the club level that no one knows about unless they enter the club level, the food here is boring, bare minimum baseball fare. I am spoiled coming from the single A Lake Elsinore Storm where Thunder entertains fans between each inning, circulates the crowd the rest of the game and the ownership is committed to keeping the crowd entertained.It is baseball and I love it but the product could use a makeover.
4	One of the best deals in town for a sporting event. Depending on the day you go, there's always some sort of giveaway....Can't beat dollar beer night on Thursdays!Yes, it's an older part but that lends to the cool factor, in a retro kind of way.Food and drinks are priced about what you'd expect. $3 a water bottle, $6 twenty oz drafts, $6 chicken finger basket, etc.Great for families too.
4	I love going to the 51's games.... A really fun time for a couple, a few friends, or a group...  I bought a special promotion package that has 10 freee anytime tickets, 10 buy one get one free tickets,, must buy the 14 dollar tix to get the special,, 7 bucks a reserved seat, awesome deal for 30 bucks ... The level of play is great,, these guys really hustle and put on a good show..  Being from a major league town, GO O's,, i love baseball and went to the games,, every chance i can...  Mondays is dollar food night,, dogs, cracker jacks, peanuts, are a buck,,, thursdays dollar beers... If you are looking for something to do, cheap, go to the 51's games,, great place to sit back, have a beer, casually watch the game and enjoy the people you are with,,, HIGHLY RECOMMEND...
5	Dollar menu night and a great game. A big shout out to Section 16 usher, Scott, for looking out for the kids. Always get an appearance by Cosmo in the first inning and some of the players will sign autographs after the game.Parents need to sign their kids up for Cosmo's Kids Club. $30 for a tee shirt and one ticket to every Sunday-Wednesday home games.$1 Menu night Mondays and $1 beer Thursdays. Usually have a promotion going on Friday and Saturday nights. $4 to park.
4	First time to a game with my family and I truly had a great time. The place was filled with families and fun people. Its a great place to catch a fun game. Go 51s
4	Not much of a sports fan but go with the right people and you will have a blast. For my 1st baseball game, $1 beer Thursday is awesome! Although i didn't purchase the tickets, the prices were decent. I loved the monster notchos and the roasted nuts! I basically just went there for the food. Every seat had a view of the field but they do not have any covers over the benches.. so if it rains, it will pour. Parking was $4 and a couple of vendors inside the stadium. Great experience for a 1st timer and i would not mind going again. :-D
5	They had a good game on Monday and only lost by 1 run. We had a good chance in the 8th inning to take the lead.  You can't go wrong with the dollar menu we love the pretzels.  They also announced that if we hit two home runs then we would get a free breakfast or lunch buffet at south point.  In the 8th inning they played the roulette game and are section was picked and all they had to do was score a run.  Needless to say they hit a home run to score the run.  We received two free large pizza coupons from Papa John's and went to South Point and had are free lunch buffet.  Thanks 51's and better luck next game.
5	This is by far the best family outing for the money in Vegas.
5	In the land of $4,25 sodas, $3.75 water, and $2.75 for one banana, it was refreshing to see the Las Vegas minor league team which are called the 51s.You can take a bus to the game. A bus pass which will take you mostly everywhere in Las Vegas is $7 for 24 hours, but take a cab to return to the strip after the game because there is a transfer.It was nice looking field with high outfield fences. It is a very reasonable priced familyouting.
5	Who doesn't love a great baseball game?  The smell of peanuts, hot dogs and beer, the roar of the crowd and the crack of the bat, it thrilling.  If you haven't been to a 51's game, then why not?  The ticket prices are reasonable, the stadium is great, you don't have to buy the cheapest ticket and sit up in the nose bleed section here.  My husband and I love sitting right behind home plate, and with Vegas sun, sitting under cover is an option we take advantage of.The first 2500 fans get the free promotion of the day, and who can resist the excitement of a good game!  Going to a game is always fun for us, if you haven't tried it, you should!
5	Nothing like a relaxing baseball game after a long day of work.  Plenty of tickets every night that I dont have to rush to the game.  Tons of promos going on to make the night even better!
5	I love Baseball; I grew up playing it; watching the Orioles live and rooting for the Pirates/Twins on TV and now I'm an upset Cubs fan;  I've been to 18 MLB parks and 4 different minor league parks; as far as Cashmen field is concerned they are the top of minor league parks I've attended and even beat out a few of the Major league parks; As far as the 51s are concerned, well they are the Blue Jays affiliate so you can't expect too much from them but go figure they were in first place most of the season this year (I had seasons tickets thank you Shari) and got to see many of the games. The fan interaction is high, they are there to watch the game; participate in the between inning activities and for the most part don't get up and ask you to move during the live action on the field (there is always one person though) The misters aren't always on behind the back stop and there is a sign saying they only turn them on during low humidity events; I have to wonder when is it not a low humidity event in Las Vegas? Maybe during the one or two weeks we get rain but otherwise they should be on every day. But I digress; The hidden gem is the club house upstairs; the general admission ticket prices gets you into it; there you can watch the game from an AC skybox; get there early buy the buffet and find a seat with a view it will blow you away to watch a game in a comfortable temp.
5	Having lived in Vegas for 2 years I'd heard of the 51's but had never attended one of their games. That changed when a friend's daughter's dance studio was invited to participate in a presentation on the field before the game and to be on the field for the singing of God Bless America during the 7th inning stretch. I went to show my support (there were 30 of us), and for $12 I had one of the best experiences I've had in Vegas to date. First some tips: 1: If you've never been to Cashman Field before, look for ways to approach the place from the West or Northwest. Yes that takes you past some homeless camps and into a "sketchy" part of town. Lock your doors, suck it up, and be thankful that you can afford baseball tickets instead of living in a tent by a railroad overpass. 2: Parking in the State Office Building parking lot to the North of Cashman Field was free! It's not that bad of a walk to the field...but if it was a 115 degree day it could be a little rough. 3: Bring Cash. The ATM lines were loooooooooooong. (I was prepared and got to skip the lines). 4: Some vendors are cash only. But the 1st Base and 3rd Base Grills take debit cards and oh yeah, you don't have to sign any charge slips. Many places in Vegas could learn a thing or two from Aramark on how to handle debit card transactions. 5: Be prepared to wait in line if you want a beer as the beermen don't frequently walk the aisles like you see in a major league park. 6: There are a handful of enthusiastic fans in the park that for some people are obnoxious with their "Let's Go 51's" chants and their attempts to start the wave. But if you've been to a MLB game, you will welcome their energy and enthusiasm and it will leave you smiling from ear to ear. It's part of the experience and it's good to see it at the Triple A level. Overall I had a blast, even though the Tacoma Rainiers put the game out of reach by the end of the 1st inning with 5 runs on the board. Between innings there were all sorts of on field activities. And the crowd of 9000+ was plenty of fun to be around and made for an exciting atmosphere. This place was VERY KID FRIENDLY too! And the players put on a good performance. At times I felt like I was watching major league ball...but the occasional error like a dropped glove reminded me that some of these players still have some work to do to make it to the big time. And seeing a work in progress that could go on to be a big name someday can be rewarding in it's own right. Things I wished Cashman Field had: A better video board with replays. Better player stats on screen. And better food offerings. I understand Cashman Field's kitchen limitations and they do their best to offer the limited product lineup that they do. But what they lack in selection they make up for in service....the lines at the 3rd Base Grill were long but they moved pretty fast. Overall...if you get the chance to go, and it's not 115 degrees outside the Las Vegas 51's are worthy of your hard earned money and your time to check them out. There are a million different ways to blow the price of a 51's ticket in this city, but few will give you the entertainment value that the 51's will. 5 Stars. I can't wait to go back as I had a blast (I've said this 3 times now...seriously, I loved the experience!!!!) LET'S GO 51's!!!!!(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #27)
4	Oh baseball, how I missed you!  We came here with a friend who was visiting.  Tickets were pretty inexpensive and so was parking.  It was a cheap night out at the ballpark for 3 people!  The stadium wasn't packed (in fact I was a little saddened by how empty it was but it became a bit of a chilly evening and was early in the season).  We received friendly service from everyone there and the stadium was pretty clean.  They had your typical overpriced game food, but we went on dollar beer night and definitely got our money's worth :)  We arrived early and got to see the players signing autographs for some of the kiddos in the park.The 51s totally kicked butt that night.  There were some obnoxious drunks heckling them from behind us but it made for an even more fun evening because of how ridiculously loud and stupid they were lol.  Will definitely consider going back, especially for some of the better giveaways, since the tickets are so cheap and you can get a good seat.
4	We know summer is coming when we get the 51s schedule in the mail :-)Overall I think the games are pretty fun. The sun usually goes down about 30 minutes after the game starts so the weather is nice. You can get great seats pretty cheap ($15) even if you only get there 5 minutes early. They have lots of giveaways (bobble-heads, hats, jerseys) fireworks nights, and most importantly $1 menu Mondays!Ok, so the food on $1 menu nights, is not great, but somehow, getting 4 hot dogs, peanuts, a pretzel, and cracker jacks for $7 makes you feel like you've won a freaking jackpot, lol. My husband and I will just sit and shove this crap in our face, watch some great (or sometimes not so great) baseball and feel like all is right with the world. I love seeing all the old timer baseball fans there, and how they know all the employees and security and for a little bit you don't really feel like you are in Vegas anymore or at least you are in a friendlier Vegas...unless you go on $1 beer nights....then you're on you're own!
5	First time going to a 51s game. I am not a huge baseball fan but I love sports. I actually had a lot of fun and the tickets were reasonable my little one played in the grassy area didn't pay much attention to the game and we had to leave early. But it was a good game will probably have to come back and watch again.
5	This is a great family thing to do on a summer night . . . I'd skip it on a 115 degree day, but the 7:00 games are so much fun!!  Something we do as locals at least twice a season and everytime we're there we remember how much fun it really is!  It's not the majors, don't expect a major league experience.  That being said, it's pretty damn close and for $15/seat, you can't beat it.  Beer is a plenty ($7) and so is the food.  Everything from tacos to nachos (and not the chips n processed cheese type either) to great burgers to shave ice, dippin' dots and ball dogs!!  Food is not cheap, but it never is at baseball games, but I'd say it's pretty reasonable here.  There's also a grill upstairs that serves a full menu, but we've never visited. They do quirky little 'events' between innings, lots of giveaways (bobble heads, jerseys, hats, etc) and fireworks too!!  Check their website calendar out for the dates, it changes.Good ol' fashioned fun.  When you move from a city that has a major league team to one that does not, this fills that void, just a little bit!  P.S. - Cashman Field - if you've never been, it does get crowded and there are lines to get into the park that begin about an hour ahead  of game time.  Parking is $4 and there are no entry/exit priveleges.  There's a lot of cooking out and tailgating that goes on in the parking lot beforehand if that's your kind of thing.
5	the 51's are awesome family fun! with the doller menu night on mondays you cant beat it! go 51's!
4	I dont normally like sports, but this cozy stadium made me feel like I was part of the game no matter where I stood! Even while getting beer I was in line cheering the 51s! :-) Great family outing. Affordable too!
4	I used to have a mini-season ticket to the 51s and then it seemed to become too much of a chore going to games so often and I fell away from going.  With our Yelp event here, it was time for me to get back into the summer pastime and enjoy a ball game.The 51s have never been strong contenders for league winners.  They have been affiliated with the Dodgers, the Blue Jays, and now the Mets.  Except for the facts that the 51s won the other night, what fascinated me the most was seeing the "bottoms up" beer machine which was right below where I was sitting.  It was $1 beer night, so there were a number of people coming by.  I asked Jared N. and Anthony M. how the thing worked.  A short lesson later, I was watching the little magnet being pushed up as the kindly barmaids pushed the cups onto the filler.  Fantastic!  There have been some rumors that the 51s will be re-branding and using a different name and a new theme.  The team has been sold and the new owners want to build a new stadium a block from where I live.  Gone may be the Area 51 reference in their name and the mascot, Cosmo.  Speaking of Cosmo, anyone who has to prance around in an outfit like that when the summer temperatures are in the 100s deserves to be paid well!It's fun to go to a 51s game and I'll be back sooner than the years I've let go by without returning to Cashman Field for a game.
5	Parking fees at Yankee Stadium (in a far lot) = ticket to a 51s game, 12 beers and a Chicago style hot dog. No joke. Take. Me. Out. To. The. Ball. Game! Any who, it's tough being a minor league team these days. With 17 ESPN's and regional sports networks, you can see your favorite teams play daily. The 51s do their best to keep things exciting for the fans though. There are tons of promotional days and discounted tickets to be had, plus the stadium is absolutely gorgeous. The fantastic mountain landscape almost makes you forget about the dozen crack heads you saw on the way to the stadium.  Almost. Next time the heat dips below 90, go out and catch a game. You won't be disappointed.
4	I really enjoy the games. It is a good family outing. We went on a might when they had fireworks which were set to good music and were fantastic!  We have been going to games for quite a few years and they have improved the food somewhat.  I got a Chicago dog from one stand that had some gourmet dogs. We also tried some loaded nachos that were not bad. Love the hecklers on Thursday dollar beer night!
4	First time back to Cashman since it opened in the early '80s when it was home to the Las Vegas Stars.I was pleasantly surprised. All in all it's in pretty good shape. I know, from a player's standpoint, it's lacking. But for the fan, not bad.The folks working there (and there seemed to be hundreds) were all friendly and helpful. The price of admission is very reasonable. The park was very clean.  The only negative was it would have been nice to see some sort of security in the parking lots, especially at the conclusion a night game. Of course, not everything is perfect inside the gates. I would have used Wi-Fi if it were available (although my T-Mobile signal was very strong). The markups in the gift shop were a bit much...$30 for a t-shirt? And a ballpark staple, the hot dog, was just this side of horrible. Undercooked, barely warm...it wasn't worth the $1 I paid (certain foods are $1 on Mondays...but couldn't find a list of what was included anywhere).I've been to quite a few minor league games across the country...why is it teams think fans need to be entertained between half innings? It's all pretty amateur, at best, anyway. It was no different here. All in all, the team puts together a nice product. I'd definitely return. And I think it's a nice wholesome product for a family outing.
4	The 51s have been around for a long time already (including as the Stars) and I hope that contiues to be the case for another long time.  I like going out the the games a couple of time a year at least.  The pricing is right for an affordable night out.  While they don't always win when I am there and they don't always perform well over the duration of the season, they always put on a good show.  And when they do win it is extra special.  The last game I went to ended with a score of 19-2 for the Las Vegas 51s over the Reno Aces.  That was a rather convincing win.  It was good to see the home town boys do so well.  I hope they can keep it up all season.  That would be great to see.
5	My fiance and I really enjoy going to these games! We're big baseball fans and the 51's are top notch when it comes to Triple A baseball. They currently lead their division this season and they made the playoffs last year as well. I imagine that managers at this level have it very easy when their better players get picked off for the majors.It's tough to get out to these games during the summer but you can usually find a seat that's open in the covered area... I would never suggest taking someones seat though!! Maybe wait a couple innings before inching your way into these seats. Also, I can't imagine it would be the cheapest thing for a family to do on a regular basis. Parking, tickets, and concessions can add up pretty quick but for just the two of us it isn't a bad deal.
4	Made it a priority on my last trip to Vegas to catch a 51s game. I'm glad I did! $4 to park and $17 to sit first row is  bargain in the baseball world! I don't think I'd make it out to a 1:00pm game but the 7pm game was perfect.Everyone I chatted with that was somehow affiliated with the orgaization was great and made me and the gf (big baseball fans) feel welcomed!
5	Love attending baseball games here.  The prices are very affordable (compared to major league) and they have promotion days that make it even more of a deal.  We enjoy it enough to have one of the smaller season ticket packages.  Sit on the third base side if you want more shade.  Also, its worth the upgrade to the seats with backs, rather than sitting in the cheaper bleacher seats.  The 51s are playing awesome this season, which is a bonus.
5	Always a fun time.  Since Las Vegas is short on sports teams this is always a nice night out. Gotta love the dollar beer and dollar munchie nights.
1	Quite possibly one of the unprofessional baseball organization I've visited. The announcer didn't know how to pronounce the opponent's player's names, let alone the 51's players names. The concession stands had lines that people were cutting in right in front of ushers, yet nothing was being done. Lines were also slow. Ushers also didn't seem to care if someone was sitting in the seat you paid for. I had someone in my seat and the usher just told me to find another seat. Won't return to watch this team next time I return to Vegas.
