4	Delicious GARLIC pizza! Cheese bread is BOMB. Wings were good.I tend to grab food here when I'm pulling a late night night of karaoke at Saddles & Spurs... LOL!
4	Joey's pizza is thin, hot delicious stuff that always makes my mouth water at the sight of it. It's consistent, fresh, and flavorful. Not the best pizza I've ever had - but good enough to make me and my husband pick some up every time we're in the area. The point at which price meets flavor hits the spot - easy on my wallet and yummy in my tummy. They have great wings, averagely delicious chicken fingers, and I can honestly say it's the only place my stingy husband will actually purchase ranch dressing on the side.My family and I are fans of Joey's Pizza.
5	Today was the first time ordering from this place and let me tell you....the food was very YUMMY!!!!!!!!
5	I've been eating here for years. I use to live in the Townhouses right behind it and that's how I found it. Now the cook knows me by name and he knows who I am just by the order that I put in. That's what I call great customer service.I've never had a bad experience with them at all. So far I've had all of the following: taco pizza, gyro, fries, bacon cheeseburger, club sandwich, lasagna, spaghetti, fettuccine alfredo, garlic bread, chicken fingers (bbq, plain, mild), jalapeno poppers,  cheese cake, and a bunch of other stuff. I haven't tried everything on the menu, but we're getting close. We usually eat here at least once a month after Bible study right down the street. My absolute favorite thing to order is: Chicken fingers and fries, well done, almost burnt with a side of ranch.
2	I was expecting to be giving Joey's Pizza more stars, but based on my husband and I going out of our way to "try something different" - that different did not turn out so great.I've had this place bookmarked because of the good reviews and proximity to my home. There's not a lot on the East Side worth going out of your way for, but some things are really diamonds in the rough. Joey's is not.Ordered three medium pizzas for $21.99 for take-out. The girl on the phone took my order and repeated it back to me.1 Pizza with hamburger topping1 Pizza with ham and mushrooms1 Pizza with pepperoni and jalepenosWe got two pizzas correct and the other came as a HAWAIIAN pizza. They put pineapples and ham instead of ham and mushrooms. Okay, it's an honest mistake, but I've ordered this type of pizza from Marco's, Domino's, Metro, Pizza Hut, and Little Ceasers, and never have any of them eff;d it up. Maybe I could over look the wrong pizza, but then when it comes down to it, the pizzas were just "meh". The cheese was boring, no diversity, just straight out mozzarella, and gooey-gross messy. The first time around it was okay, heated up the next day it was particularly yucky.Also - I got a bad stomach problem that night and woke up *ahem* having to go to the restroom. I spent the rest of the night in and out. I decided it must have been the pizza, but my husband did not get sick. Then I decided to experiment and took all the pepperoni and jalapenos off the pizza I ate and had it sans-toppings. I did not get tummy trouble after that.Who knows - the sickness may have been something else I ate, but considering the meh quality, the wrong pizza, and my late-night bathroom ventures, I will not be ordering from Joey's Pizza again.
4	The food here never disappoints. It's always hot, fresh, and delicious. The pizza is great. My sister and I recently discovered this place and we always order from here now. The staff is friendly and prepares your order fast. The prices are really good too!
5	My first time here and I liked it, I had the chicken fingers with fries, they were juicy, soft and chicken was very well cooked and trimmed. Fries were huge, very good portion. I also had pizza, it was also great, very decent amount of toppings, which other places sometimes lack. And finally I had a gyro with fries, it was good too, pita bread was super soft and so was meat. I will definitely get more food from this place again! I do recommend it.
2	I ordered from this place due to all the great reviews, but I was very disappointed. The pizza was not good. It wasn't disgusting but not tasty at all. I think maybe it was the marinera sauce they use. Also, I oredered pepperoni and ham and got pinapple (bleh) and ham. I also ordered wings and they were ok. I did like the cheese bread, though. I'm wondering why everyone gave rave reviews... maybe I ordered the wrong pizza?
3	Had the meat lovers. A little on the expensive side. Better than Domino's or the other chains, but that's not saying much. Delivery times are in the hour range. Will probably order again.
5	Support your local businesses! With that said, this little pizza shop is close to home. The owner knows me by order. He always greets with kindness and offers me something for free cause hes nice. I've ordered quite a bit from here. Can't go wrong with wings. Chicken Fingers are huge. This one of those places that has awesome ranch! no serious! I usually get a personal pie with an order of wings with fries and it's less then $15. With Pizza Hut and Dominos near by...you just can't get that there. And they taste better than the chains. Go there! For real!
