5	This is the best vap place in the east valley Charles and his wife are awesome. You won't be disappointed here. Charles is full of helpful info and is willing to teach you if you if you are willing to listen. The shop is full of of cool toys and so many flavors some that are made just for this shop. You can try any of the flavors in the shop. I can't say enough about this place just come in.
5	Charles was a fantastic help when I came in looking for a new juice. I told him what I was looking for and he immediately had a recommendation. The store is clean, well organized and comfortable. I couldn't recommend these guys more.
5	This store rocks!! Charlie and his wife Kimberly are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and patient with people new to Vaping. I came in for some juice and was pleasantly surprised at their selection and pricing. Great selection and great service = loyal customer!
5	Went in today. Recommended to me by a friend. It was a very modern style, yet comfortable. I went in to get a new tank and left completely satisfied. Eric helped me out, was very knowledgeable, and made sure I got everything I needed. I will definitely return!
5	I had a great experience here.  The juice quality is beyond stellar and . The nicotine level options per flavor exceed any other shop in the valley.  The prices are worth mentioning as well, as you certainly get more than what you pay for. I picked up a new tank there as well... around $20 for a Kanger Pro 2. It's been a couple of weeks and had no issues with it. I will go back. Sorry for the late review!
5	Visited today, and loved it!  Charles was so helpful and entertaining.  Great selection of juice and great prices.  We will definitely be recommending this place to friends and we will be back for more!
5	There is NO reason or excuse to ever smoke or chew tobacco ever again.  Knowledge, personality and charisma is POWER! Charles and Eric have it all.  Don't just go into an liquor store and by a cheap one time flavored e-cig.  Talk to either Charles at the Chandler location or Eric and the Gilbert location.  They speak CLEAR ENGLISH and Eric even showed me (electronic engineer) how extremely knowledgeable he was and an amazing ability to TRANSLATE highly technical information into something simple and understandably.  I used to put a little chewing  tobacco in my gums at night to numb brain and help me sleep...NO MORE!
1	Went in to look at their rebuildable atomizers and mech mods. The only mech mod they had at the store was one that an employee was using, he said he had been using it for a couple of days.I bought the mech mod and RDA. The mech mod 510 threads and RDA base 510 threads were both cross-threaded and stripped out. The center post of the RDA had stripped out threads as well.I had to have them re-order a new mech mod so I could have one that was New-In-Box and didn't have wrecked threads by their employee.Went back to get a new base for the RDA, the next one was completely missing the center post screw.Went back and got new screw for the center post. Went home and built some coils only to find out that they had drilled out the coil holes way too large and the center post screw wouldn't tighten down on the coil leads. I had to take a dremmel tool to the center post to grind it down so the screw would go in far enough to trap the coil leads.All of the RDA's they had in stock had been "modified" to the point of being unusable, and they all had shitty coil builds with wicks and juice on them already, because the employees had apparently mutilated and personally used ALL of them, then they put them back on the shelf and sell them to customers.Aside from selling customers defective products, this is a health / sanitary issue.Also their juices are mediocre at best.As for pricing, I found that the mech mod they sold me for $90 can be had for $50 online. I don't mind paying 10, 15, or even 20 percent more at a brick & mortar shop, I understand the need to charge more, but 80% more is just plain price gouging.Evapeology is a ripoff and they have extremely shoddy business practices.EDIT: Forgot to add. The first time I went in there the owner put my single coil mini protank on a vv/vw mod at 9.5 watts to show me how awesome it was and burnt the shit out of my wick instantly.They also sold me a 2-bay battery charger that was being used by the store, only 1 bay works. Another employee-destroyed item sold to customers.
5	I found this place while searching around for vape shops and my friend and I finally decided to check it out on Sunday. It's a nice little shop. I like the taste bar. I ended up getting a kit and we got two liquids. The prices seem pretty fair. I paid $40 for my kit and paid extra for the liquids. The guy was pretty knowledgeable. I just wish he would have explained what model I ended up with. I had no idea that the colors around the button actually ment something. Lol. I figured it out while looking around online. I'm not very impressed with it. It's really cheap. The clearomizer I got with the kit doesn't work. It's a dud. Good thing I bought a different one. It would be nice to have a little more info on the type of battery I had gotten in the kit. I'm a first time user of this type of ecig. I ended up having to search online and I didn't realize how many other types there are. Overall, I really liked this place. The guy was really nice and personable. The shop was very clean and organized. And I'm in love with their thin mint liquid. I will be back for that!
2	I made a stop at the pool store in the same complex and when I saw a vape shop I decided to check it out.  I needed some new heads for my Protank 3, so I grabbed a box.  I realize I'm not going to get the same prices as I would online but I paid $5 per head where I can order ANYWHERE online for around $2 per head.The guy working the counter did seem knowledgable but he actually told me I could get the MVP 2 for much cheaper online, which I already knew but I thought it was pretty hilarious he suggested I order online instead of buying from them.
5	Quality juices.  Among the best you will find in the east valley.  They have many flavors as well with good prices.  Go there to hang out and try some new flavors.
1	Though the flavors the have are great, i cant get over the fact that they would charge 16 dollars for a 15ml bottle of juice i found the same brand of juice i had bought on ebay for 7 dollars less
