4	I usually come here to pick up steaks. The people in the meat department are always so helpful and friendly. This one lady in the meat department always recommends different prepared items (she knows I'm a sucker) and of course I always buy her recommendations. Hey, I have yet to be disappointed. The store is always clean, sale items are always in stock, and the lines are never more than two people deep.
3	Even though this Bashas isn't very large, it's clean and friendly. I frequent this store fairly regular.The only issue I have is near the deli where the cold salads are, sometimes they look crusty on top, not fresh.
3	Shopping for groceries. This is our closest Bashas, so I thought I would add it and review it.Over all the store is nice, clean and staff is friendly.The bakery is smaller and seems cluttered next to the Deli area, but bread does seem to be fresh. Deli is good, but be careful sometimes the food sits longer than I would prefer. I love there seafood area.Cold is separated in 2 ares, which is tough if you need cheese and milk, since they are at opposite ends of the store :/
5	We have been shopping this Bashas since it opened, and it is probably my favorite of the grocers around here. The people are very helpful and friendly. They by FAR have the best meat around and have butchers on hand to get you exactly what you want! The produce is fresh and fairly priced and they have the BEST bread, rolls and donuts of ANY grocer in the valley. I have never had a bad experience here!
4	Clean store, good customer service. STARBUCKS INSIDE!
5	We have been coming to this store for 3 or 4 years now for groceries but have added a new twist recently, at least for us. They have really good pizza, chicken, mashed potatoes, etc. and it's priced pretty well (not the Mac & Cheese, it's WAY overpriced) so it's been like having a new place to grab some dinner when we don't want to cook and a much better option than fast food! Great customer service also, they always go out of their way to make sure everything is just right!
4	I have been going to this store for 9 years now.  The staff has always been excellent and helpful and always seem to have a smile on their faces,  it is not the biggest Bashas in the chain, there is another Bashas at an equal distance from my house to this one and I always choose this one, that should tell you something.  Prices aren't always the cheapest but the service and smiles are always the best...
5	I LOVE this Bashas. Each and every employee consistently provides excellent customer service. Every time I leave that store I wonder why anyone would ever go anywhere else!
1	I like this Bashas, especially Karen, BUT THE STARBUCKS SUCKS! They screwed up my order of almost $20! Not cool.
