3	So this restaurant is where Ha Ha China used to be. In walking in, the decor is very nice and everyone was fairly friendly. I was a little disappointed with the menu, however. Pretty much all of the Chinese/Asian Fusion restaurants I have been to have a vegetarian section of their menu. Not so at Hao. They have a section for beef, chicken, seafood, noodles, and rice. I was able to order an item off of the beef menu and substitute tofu for the beef, which was nice. I ordered spicy tofu with peppers. The sauce had a really nice flavor to it and it came out hot and not over cooked. The service was ok. We ordered an appetizer that we never received but other than that, it was pretty good. Three people ate for under $30, which was nice.
4	I really liked this place! Looks great and the food tastes great too! All I got the first time I went was egg drop soup and chicken lettuce wraps and I felt like they were both delicious. The lettuce wraps, to me, were better than Pei Wei. Not to dry and full of flavor. Cheap prices. I will definitely be back!
4	I liked this place !  I am a fan for sure.  Very Reasonable prices.  My wife's Mu Shu Pork was flavorful and well presented.  The hot and Sour soup is good,  Great lunch menu.  I agree with Krista P.  the lettuce wraps were better then Pei Wei.  They put some money into the decor and the ambiance is nice.  The wait staff is very attentive and friendly.  Their shrimp dishes were good.  No skimping on quantity or quality here.  We have come back for take out twice now.
4	Had take out from here one day. I've tried the other couple places in FH and this is the only place to go for Chinese in fountain hills as far as I'm concerned.
4	My parents wanted to try the new Chinese restaurant in their 'hood.We had the following:Wonton soup - decent flavor with pork and shrimpMongolian beef - savory brown sauce with veggies Hong Kong noodles - nicely cooked crispy noodles Chicken satay - marinated chicken with a spicy mustard suaceThis is a great addition to the neighborhood, and the best Chinese in Fountain Hills that I've had to date. The server was really friendly and the restaurant was clean and modern.
5	Really love the food. Choice of white, brown or fried rice with your meal. Also crispy noodles were thin and very crunchy. They serve coke and pepsi products which is great because me and my friends have different tastes in soda. Food came out hot and stayed very warm til the end. Portion size is perfect. Spring rolls rocked as well as the chicken chow mein we had. Good variety of veggies in sauce and lots of chicken.  We will be going back for sure. Best in Fountain Hills by far and NO MSG.
5	This new restaurant in Fountain Hills is well worth the trip.  The best Chinese food anywhere!  The restaurant offers great atmosphere and a very pleasant, welcoming staff.  Great for groups, lunch or dinner.  The food is out of this world.  Everything is extremely fresh and our favorite place to go.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!
4	I wanted chinese food close to fountain hills,but after hearing about some of the other places I was hesitant to try this one... When pulling up the menu I was impressed with the lunch choices, I called and placed my order and the woman who answered was polite and told me my order would be ready in ten minutes.. upon arrival I noticed there was only one couple in the restaurant... this made me nervous but the atmosphere was nice and everyone was really polite. I have to say I was rushing on the drive home because the food smelled amazing.I ordered the curry chicken lunch special with hot and sour soup and the spicy pepper beef lunch special with eggdrop soup. (Yea its a lot for one person but I honestly didnt expect to like both so I figured at least one would be good)I was SO pleasantly surprised when I opened the bag and everything was neatly packed (egg rolls in a seperate package so they dont get soggy) utensils, hot mustard and sweet and sour sauce. The food was SO SO SO good,  the chicken was definitely a fusion between thai and chinese, but it worked well and the chicken was moist and tender. The spicy pepper beef was also tender and spicy and quite frankly pretty amazing. The soups were just OK.. kind of bland for my taste but the eggrolls were the perfect balance between crisp and greasy!I highly reccomend this place!
3	I get that this place caters to meat eaters, but I would love too see that they also cater to vegetarians and put their vegetarian options on the menu. The restaurant is very nice, food was good once I figured out that they can do tofu. I would feel more welcomed had there been an area for vegetarian dishes, less the one star for that. Where I have lived:Los Angeles and Hawaii, I have always experienced vegetarian options labeled at every Chinese place I've dined. I know that tofu plays a major role in authentic Chinese food, and comes in various forms like bean curd, etc. I feel that many Asian restaurants here in Scottsdale/Fountain Hills area is totally catered to Caucasians and sometimes lacks authenticity.
2	only two stars tonight, and i'm being generous ... service was ok, won ton soup, lots of chicken and veggies but none of it fresh, only one won ton and not a very good won ton at that. ...house rice was ok, not great, served luke warm ...pot stickers again ok but not great, and served less than luke warm ...Cashew chicken came out hot, was the best dish of the meal, rated 2 stars ...
4	One word "AMAZING" !  We had dinner here for the first time.  Food was fresh and hot.  I ordered the singapore noodles. Incredible flavor!  My husband had kung pow chicken. Not too spicy.
5	one of my fav places in town, great quality vs price. pan fried dumplings hot and sour soup pork fried rice was order but surprisingly ive seen it done wrong alot latley.
2	I've found this food to be delicious and fresh and recommended it to many... Until my last time when the salt and pepper shakers were full of a long time grunge!  If they don't clean things that are on the table, how much do they clean what you don't see in the kitchen?
2	I was really hoping to say that I finally found a recommendation-worthy Chinese restaurant in FH; unfortunately, that's NOT the case here.  I started small this first visit &ordered the Lettuce Wraps and Egg Drop Soup. Can't go wrong, right? Wrong!Lettuce Wraps:  Opened the box to find 3 leaves of lettuce & the "fixings". And by "leaves" I mean: exceptionally tiny, greenish/white "leaf-lettes"from an apparent mini-head of lettuce. Being that Lettuce Wraps are usually eaten by "wrapping" the lettuce around the fixings (hence the name), it was a futile experience to attempt to WRAP the baby leaflettes around anything!! Egg Drop Soup: I should admit that I often drive to Jade Palace on 92nd & Shea JUST for the Egg Drop Soup; it's THAT good! So while the bar was set high, I still thought it achievable. #1. It's Egg Drop Veggie Soup. Which is fine, if you like a really "meaty" spoonful of egg-drop soup - which I do not!  Here's what I found i: beans, pea pods, cucumber, green onion, white onion, carrots, and some lovely mushy tofu. It was LOADED.Here's what was NOT in the Egg Drop Soup: Anything resembling a lovely, rich egg-drop FLAVOR!In conclusion: Two major mis-fires. Far enough off the mark that I won't be returning.
5	I ordered a lunch special and the rice, chicken, spring roll and soup were perfect!!!!! They were courteous and nice and professional. Also had a smile on there face. I will definitely be back.
4	Easy phone order and pick up of shrimp fried rice. This second order tasted better than my first Sunday evening order. Generous portions and fresh! A tad of soy sauce and I was happy. The spring rolls were very good too. Come on you cheapo FH peeps,  support your local restaurants!
