5	I've been there twice and both times I was surprised at how good it was.  The first time I had the falafel sandwich and it was fried perfectly crisp on the outside and bursting with flavor on the inside.  The second time I had the gyro platter, which is a mound of shaved gyro meat, pita wedges, jasmine rice and a Greek salad.  It was all great, right down to the Tzatziki You might balk at $9 but it's a huge meal, definitely worth it.  I also suggest the flavored iced teas that they have.  Really, it was all amazing.  You could pick this place up and put it in any city and it would fit right in.
5	Don'cha love it when you can actually "taste" the love put into your food?  At Hana's It's kind of like a home cooked meal (only with more exciting food than I actually cook up at home).Plus, the namesake, Hana herself, is just as sweet as pie.  Yummy, simple, Mediterranean fare whose portions are More-Than-Enough- combined with reasonable prices, is the best way to describe it.    The Chicken Pita is by far my favorite.  (Think Gyro but with grilled chicken instead of gyro meat).  Fresh veggies and Tzatziki sauce top this delicious meal.  It's only $6.89 and it includes french fries (the old-fashioned thick and high calorie ones- YUM!) or a light and refreshing salad.   Her gyro is also pretty damn good!My kids think her burger's (yeah, I know it's Mediterranean, but they REALLY like her burgers!) are the best in the world!  They are honestly okay, but not by any stretch of the imagination are they the best.  This is where that whole "made with love" thing comes into play. For the vegetarian's out there, you will not feel left out at Hana's.  Her Eggplant Sandwich has roasted red pepper, provolone, and veggies "served on a fresh baked sub roll".  And she has several salad choices.So if you need a quick meal, and you are dying for a Mediterranean version of "home-style" cooking, head over to Hana's.  Take care!Warmly,Kirin :)
5	I eat at Hana's probably two or three times a week.  I absolutely love their chicken meal.  Its grilled chicken, rice, pita, and a small salad for about 9 dollars.  I also love their grilled chicken sandwhich.  It's more of a philly sandwhich type thing but sooo good. You will not be dissapointed.P.S. I just scarfed the Hana's Mixed Greens salad.  Even though there wasn't really a mixture of greens really,  it was soooo good. Almonds, parmasean, marinated kabob chicken, onion, tomato, cucumber, and lots of cabbage. Yum.
2	hmm.. don't know about the chicken! I looked up reviews on yelp and went to Hana's today. I ordered the chicken pita and my husband got the gyro. The gyro was good but the chicken pita was far from tasty. The chicken was dry and did not have any flavor - forget anything close to greek. Otherwise, it's a small, cute and cozy place. If only the chicken was good :( I love gyros with lamb but most of these places mix lamb and beef in the gyro which grosses me out. Also this place did not have hummus on the menu. Me and my sweetie enjoy hummus, so I guess this place is a no-go for us.Can anyone suggest a greek restaurant(s) that serves lamb gyros?
4	LOVED Hana's. Sadly, a quick heads up that she is gone. :( Sads. We loved going in & getting something yummy & HEALTHY on the nights I didn't feel like cooking. Now....I either have to drive & pay more, or COOK! :P You will be missed!
