5	This place is AMAZING!!!! It is not pricey at all... they do gel nails which look fabulous. Everybody is so nice there especially CAMI !!! One of my favorite things is that you can have tinsel put in your hair! It looks awesome They can do anything you want, just ask for it. They have two locations... the first one is much pricier. This one is so cool... we will defiantly go back!
4	I was in dire need of some feet TLC.  So, I found the nearest nail salon to the house I could stat!  Without going into details about how to' up they were, I definitely left with happy feet!What impressed me about Red Rock Nails:1.  Decor was actually really nice!  Definitely not as nice as Polished Nails (http://www.yelp.com/biz/polished-nails-and-spa-las-vegas#hrid:5VbALQpt6lzDlL8RDUW-BQ), but it was bright, modern and relatively clean2.  The tools are taken out of a sealed autoclave bag right in front of you.  Now, that's impressive.3.  The pedicure menu at not just two levels of pedicure pampering, but five levels!  So, there's a level to fit any budget!My lady Lisa was fantastic.  I got the Spoil-Me-Rotten Pedicure ($35 dollar value of the standard pedi + salt scrub) and she pampered me for a full hour!  Though my heels calluses could've have used a little more work because they were to' up, Lisa did great clean up work and very detailed work on the polish.
5	i had a weekend VIP suite at the red rock hotel and casino. so while my friends were attending a blackjack tournament i decided to roam around the area. red rock nails is less than 7 mins from the hotel. saw the great yelp reviews for this place so i decided to get a pedicure! RRN is not like other nail salons, they work your feet like never before! the pedi menu includes 4 different services: -classic pedicure $25/ladies, $30/gentlemen-spoil me rotten $35/ladies, $40/gentlemen-red rock signature $45/ladies, $50 gentlemen which includes a hot stone massage -raw earth $60/ladies, $65/gentlemen. which is a combo of the other 3 pedi. i got the spoil me rotten pedicure. basic pedicure plus hot towel, choose your own sea salt, and feet masque! loooved it! =) they get very, very busy so set an appointment!
5	Staffs are very friendly and professional, all tools are cleaned and sanitized.I have been to their other salon, alexus nail bar ( great place to have an event).The owners are very friendly.from your friends at www.f8studiolv.comjon & hernan
5	Very sanitary, great salon!
3	Very good gel nails. Very clean & fantastic massage chairs (VERY comfortable!!!). A good spot in Las Vegas whether your visiting or a local!  VERY pricy though which was REALLY dissapointing.
5	About Me:A year-round flip flop aficiando whose nail painting skills are on par with a drunk pre-schooler's attempts at replicating a Van Gogh masterpiece.Why I've been a Red Rock Nails customer for almost 3 years:I truly value the precision and expertise of the Red Rock Nails' staff's very steady hands and the public service they do by cleaning up the snaggle-toed masses of Summerlin.Reasonable prices and impeccable cleanliness (no fear of funky foot fungi here) are just extra icing on my freshly frosted toes.
4	Okay so the important thing about getting your nails done is sanitation. This place is CLEAN. They unwrap their tools everytime they start a new customer and they keep the salon clean as well. The second most important thing is of course if they do a good job! YES they do... I always get a gel manicure and gel pedicure, and they have so many colors to choose from! My nails always look great when i'm done.The gel polish lasts about 2 weeks, and at my job I constantly wash my hands and it never chips. For the gel pedi it lasts about 6 weeks, give or take. The only crappy thing is the price... this place is pricier than most salons... a gel mani is about 35-40 depending what you get done. The gel pedi is $50. Even though the prices are higher, I still come here because its clean, they do a good job, and they speak english. My only desire is a little lower pricing... but a girl can dream :)
2	I recently moved from California and thought I would start the journey in trying to find a decent and affordable nail salon. After reading the reviews at Red Rock Nails, I was impressed and thought I would give it a shot. My first experience was really good. I received a fill and the young lady was cordial and the quality of her work was exceptional. However, my second experience was TERRIBLE. The woman kept encouraging me to get a "gel tip." I finally gave in and agreed. The very next morning, I woke up with cracks on 7 of my nails. I went in and they were kind enough to fix my nails. The gentleman who fixed my nails informed me to NEVER get a gel tip. I thought this was odd since the woman (the day before) was encouraging me to get a gel tip from the moment I sat down in the chair. Long story short, even with this gentleman's assistance....within two days, two of my nails chipped off. Unfortunately, the quality of their work is not so great for the price they are charging. I wouldn't recommend this place. If you do go, ask for TRISH. She was the young lady who worked on my nails the very first time and seems to be the only one that provides quality work.
4	Excellent customer service.. I have always had a great experience with my pedicures and they open up a fresh package of tools for every customer.  I decided to try a gel manicure and it started peeling after a day so I called and they had me come in and fixed it right away..I went to a different girl the second time around and she was excellent..
2	Overrated and overpriced for what you get. Clean and friendly, yes. Experience and results worth the cost, no. I had the Raw Earth pedi for 60...total rip off. Its nothing but a few extra chinsy lotions and scrub. Its cramped and noisy, very hard to relax for an expensive pedi. The A/C was on full blast and both doors were open causing a draft, it was only 75 outside....so very uncomfortable.  Was there for 2 !/2 hrs for a delux mani and pedi...i should have known better when the menu was handed in a 99cent poto album. But i was looking for a new nail place and i wanted to make sure it was up to the task. No way No how. I wont be back.
2	The initial impression you get when you walk in and you are greeted is pleasant, but the actual service is a joke. I have been going to the same lady for my manicures and pedicures for eight years. She recently retired which is why I tried this place. I had to tell the lady that did my service to file my toenails. Is that not a basic part of a pedicure? She didn't even take off any cuticle skin. She just poked around pretending she was doing her job and then charged me $65.00. She got nail polish on my flip flop TWO times and messed up my nail once rushing to put my flip flops on. I will not be going back there.
2	I've given this place the good old college try. It's just so awkward - I can't deal with it.  My first visit, the guy doing my gel manicure would not look me in the eyes or talk to me.  I'd try to look at him and he'd just turn his head.  When he wanted me to take my hand out of the UV light thing, he'd just tap on the top of it.  I tried to talk to him.  I tried to smile.  He was having none of it.I told my friend who recommended this place and she agreed the gel manicure guys were creepy with her, too (apparently they are two - they look similar and they do the exact same thing).  She recommended I just go for a pedicure.  I tried two pedicures here and the ladies were fine, but they pretty much talk to each other the whole time.  I felt like I was one of many in a manufacturing line of pedicures.  And when they did the calf massage, holy crap, totally painful because my legs were straight and muscles flexed.  Both times. I tried to explain this to them, but they didn't get it. And they wouldn't let me adjust my legs so finally I just had to pull away and ask them to stop.The pedicures were fine and lasted a reasonably long time.  And, yes, the place was sanitary.  But I can't deal with the weirdness.
3	I was very satisfied with my service. My gel mani and gel pedi lasted a good long time. I felt very pampered and relaxed. I love the ambiance of the facility. It felt clean and chic. They had a lot of technicians, so no one was wating too long for service. My only issues were price and length of service, which is why I'm only giving 3 stars. I'm used to paying about 60 dollars for a gel mani and pedi. Their services cost me 100 dollars. I understand that it's a beautiful and clean facility, but I found the price too hefty. I might as well have been at the Wynn getting a facial for that price. It also took 2 hours to complete these two services, when I'm used to it only taking one hour.I will continue my search for a speedy and reasonably priced nail salon, but I can't deny they did a nice job and run a clean facility.
4	Friendly, very clean and lots of color choices. Had a pedicure with Miley and she did a great job and did not skimp on the services or products. I upgraded to callus removal and got the spoil me rotten pedicure which included a leg mask and generous foot and leg massage. I asked for additional callus scrubbing for certain spots and it was received well.
4	I stopped in here for a pedicure as it's near my house and I figured why not try a neighborhood one.  I was glad to find out that they accept walk-ins and I was immediately seated in a comfortable massaging chair to soak for a few minutes until a technician opened up.  What I didn't expect on this Saturday morning was not only did they show the usual array of reality tv options but one tv was exclusively showing college basketball!  There was a bit of a language barrier with the technician but this wasn't an issue as when you're seated there is a menu book presented to you with choices from basic to full VIP with a scrub.  I opted for the full one with the scrub and loved the results.  It's not the cheapest place I've ever been to but I found the cost worth it for the results and experience.
4	Love going here and having Andy do my nails. He is one of the best. This place is always busy so you need an appointment. They are tea and water, very relaxing and prices are normal.
3	Although they claim they take walk-ins, this place manages to almost always be packed -- which means the quality is good.  Best to phone first
5	On my first visit, I got a pedi only.  I got a younger lady who did the fastest, sloppiest pedi I've ever had.  To be honest, I had no intention of returning.  In search of a good place, I started asking around for recommendations.  The majority of ladies I talked to recommended Red Rock, so I decided to give them another shot.  Enter Victoria, who is amazing.  She does a great job and is super nice too.The last time I went, and she was off so I tried Woody.  Also great BTW.   I got a gel mani without having my natural nail destroyed.  He gave me the normal mani treatment and then applied gel polish directly to my nail without using the grinder tools.  Now, this is really awesome because I have thin nails and really don't like the top surface to be scuffed up by the grinder.  I am a very happy customer.
2	My nails turned out great and the guy was very attentive.  I also didn't have to wait.  My only issue really is the price.  I mean, really... it's on another level.  I knew the prices were going to be high, I mean, hello, I'm a yelper, I read the reviews. :)  But I wasn't prepared for it to be 50 dollars for a gel manicure...!?  I'm sure they charge so much because they think they can considering they're in Summerlin.  Well, while they're certainly within their rights to do that, I'm also within my rights to think less of them because they do that.  I understand charging a bit more considering the area they're in... but to charge SIGNIFICANTLY more is ridiculous.  Really, 50 dollars for ONE gel manicure?  I can get a pedicure AND gel manicure for less than that at some salons.  Like I said, whatever.. they can do what they want but with the abundance of nail salons in the area, I'll move on.  Seriously, will NEVER be back to this place.  So, so many other options.  Not even that much farther away either?  No wonder I didn't have to wait.
4	The woman who did my pedi/mani's name was Tram she was a younger woman who did a great job. She gave the best leg and feet pedicure I've ever received! The manicure was a bit fast however I bite my nails and cuticles and she cleaned them up real nice. The price for a pedi/mani was $40 which is a reasonable price for this area. I didn't get a chance to look at the menu and they were a little crowded but I would recommend going here.
3	I have mixed emotions... The efficiency and the timing were great. They had a good selection of colors too but not the new OPI colors to use just to buy. The guy who did my nails did them well and was attentive to making sure done right. But at the same time I felt he rushed thru and my favorite part, the hand and foot massage, was skimpy. I probably will open my mouth ahead of time next time to ask for a little more attention on that part. Overall competitive price for regular mani and pedi to other places in town. I did like also that a girl was cleaning each basin after each pedicure. Just average as no extras but was what I wanted at the time
4	I feel fortunate in that I was seated right away after popping in on a whim this morning.  It was 10 am and the place was already pretty full.  My nail tech, Kim, was very efficient; total time for my (non gel) pedicure from start to finish was about 40 minutes.  The salon is clean, the tools are all individually packaged, and the basins are washed out after each client.  I'm very happy with my toes and did not mind the $25 price tag!
1	Worst pedicure ever. I would never go back. I've given them a few tries and each time it gets worse. The prices are on the high side for this type of salon and everything is extra. The basic pedicure is basically a tub soak and a polish change.  They aren't overly friendly or welcoming either.   Not impressed at all.
4	Since I just moved to Vegas in Sept, I have tried a few nail prices and noticed that the prices are a lot higher here than in FL and the quality work has not been as good.  I tried Red Rock Nails and FINALLY found a clean place that does really good nails!  I enjoyed my pedicure and gel nails came out great.  Prices are on the higher side but comparable to the rest of the Vegas area but with friendlier staff and quality work.  The place gets really busy so make an appt or bring your patience hat!
1	The receptionist at red rock nails did my nails. She wasnt nice, all she did was answer calls while doing my nails she had to stand up and leave me and make me wait and she ruined the polish and blamed it on me. I will never have my nails done there ever again! She didnt even thank me and apologized to me for making me wait.
2	I was not really impressed.  I just moved from here a week ago and decided to give this one a try because of its close proximity. It cost an extra $5 to scrub my feet.  I was afraid to ask if it was also extra to dry my nails with the UV light. She dried my nails with a fan.  To expensive for the type of place it is.  There's really nothing special about it.
3	Very mediocre. The service was fast which I liked and pedi/mani quality was fine. But the towels were hideously dirty, stained and rough. I would not go back just for this reason!  You know how they give you a towel for your lap if you are wearing a skirt - the towel they handed me literally had big chunks of lotion or some other substance on it.  The towels they wiped my legs off with had blue stains all over them.  Gross!
5	This place is no frills, it's clean and they know what they are doing. I know others posted that the techs don't talk during mani/pedis, but I don't care. I like that they do a good gel manicure that lasts. This is the sister to Alexus nail bar which has a totally different vibe. So if you want great conversation go there. Also, I do agree that the little old lady receptionist should not do nails when they are busy. She talks on the phone the entire time and leaves you stranded. She is the owners mother and doesn't want to turn people away. Just make sure you tell her "no thanks" and save yourself the irritation.
2	I got there 15 mins after they opened and they were already really busy. The woman that did my pedicure did it in less time than anyone around me and I had to go home and fix it. I asked her for a two color french and she said that she couldn't do it it was "too hard". She did the worst job ever.There is ONE really great person there VICKI and I will only go back there if she is available. SOOOOO disappointed.
3	I asked for ombre on my full set, and he told me they specialize in gel manicure,  which he tried to sell me that when I told him I wanted a full set.  acrylics are the basic, and what I requested is not very difficult.   So I was UNIMPRESSED by that, but overall he did a good job on my nails.
5	Best pedicure ever!!! Vicki is the best, that's why I keep going back to Red Rock Nails. Not to mention how clean this place is.  I would definitely recommend this place!
1	My friend and I came here for pedicures(my friend for a gel manicure as well) and they didn't not say more than 2 words to us. My girl was ok...not engaging in conversation...I had to ask her for a hot stone pedicure...I had to ask for her name...and my tech was the better of the 2! My friends guy didn't even say one word... He had someone else ask her what color she wanted...I get there's a language barrier...but you don't need to speak English to smile!! Service was terrible!
3	If i could give this 3.5 i would. I made appts for my friend and I to go here for pedis on our lunch break. When I made the appts, I asked about the timeline and was told 45 min for the spoil me rotten, so was all excited. When we got there they had two chairs ready for us and a great selection of polishes. We sat down all excited. Well. With having appts and discussing timeline, it took me about 8 minutes and my friend 25 until someone starting working on us! That was ridiculous and barely any apology to my friend. The treatment itself is a deal for the spoil me rotten between the sugar scrub and clay  mask. And she did a good job on my nails. I demote this to 3 mainly because of the long wait and also that their credit card machine wasn't working so they had to call in and that always worrisome. And...that's it!
4	I've been going to here for a few years. My girl is the best. She runs on time, has a great personality, and really does a great job. My fingers and toes look FAB when she's done. The ladies at the front are all very nice. The place is clean, and has a great atmosphere. I've tried a few other nail techs at this location before finding my girl, and they weren't terrible, but let's just say I'm happy to have found Lee. She pays attention to detail and is quite fast as well. I would love more color options as far as the polish goes.
5	Professional, friendly, lots of polish colors and very clean they used sanitary tools and one time use nail file and buffer. It's almost closing time and they are wiping all the pedicure tubs with bleach. If I lived here this would be my mani pedi spot
