4	Whenever I find myself in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I make every effort to visit Casino Arizona.  It's a spacious, no frills casino with great action in their poker room.Saturday was my seventh (?) visit to Casino Arizona.  We pulled up to the main entrance around 9 pm, and, as expected, the parking lot was packed.  After circling the auxiliary parking lot twice, we gave up.  Since the valuable gambling time was a-wastin', we tossed the keys to the valet and went inside.When you see Casino Arizona from 101, you can't help but notice that the place looks like a giant inflatable tent.  You start wondering if the circus is in town, and you are about to enter a bouncy house.  On the inside, Casino Arizona is all business.  The decor isn't much, but aside from that, it looks just like any other casino.  Degenerate gamblers with that crazy look in their eyes, old ladies with walkers and oxygen tanks, kids with fake IDs and businessmen with their ties stuffed in the pockets of their wrinkled jackets.I walk past the slot machines, trying to hold my breath for as long as I can.  I don't think that 30 seconds of second smoke can kill me, but why risk it?  I maneuver around the old ladies and around the chairs, and I finally find myself in the poker room area.  It's not so much a poker room as it is a well defined poker area.To put one's name on the list, one must approach the podium, which is so tall and intimidating, it feels like approaching the bench in court.  The podium is high, the white board is far, and I couldn't see my name on the board even with my glasses on.The rules here are similar to those at California casinos: 9 players per table, bad beat jackpot, standard rake.  I played 2 games, $3/$5 Spread Limit Hold 'Em and $8/$16 Limit Hold 'Em.  The action was pretty good, and the dealers were very competent.  Tables, chairs, chips and cards felt old, but serviceable.  The same can be said about the Casino Arizona players.  Seriously, though, I can't say enough about how friendly all players were.  That rarely happens. I also wanted to point out that I absolutely love their "paging system."  I asked my dealer about it last year, and he told me that a former Casino Arizona dealer came up with the paging system.  All it is a panel with 6 buttons on the table to the right of the dealer.  Each button is designed with the tables immediate need in mind: "Open Seat," "Chips," "Service," etc.  The dealer presses the button, and the number lights up on the big board.  It is so simple, yet not many casinos use it.Casino Arizona is my home away from Vegas.  I am definitely coming back!
3	We originally started out at a different Casino Arizona, however, my friend wanted the poker tables so we had to move to this one. It was larger. They had a little cafe as one of their restaurants. I couldnt' tell you if it was good because I ordered a fruit cup and a piece of bread butmy friend said his club sandwich was good. There were many poker tables which I guess is a plus. I only like video poker so I was on the hunt for those machines. Pros: There were plenty of video poker machines. Cons: In the highilimit room, the only video poker available was triple play orfive play. This is a pro when I havea lot of money,however, when I do not, it's a definite con. I lost $260, but overall it's an alright casino.
3	This is a review for The Wandering Horse Cafe (old big tent location).  Forgot lunch in my fridge at home, so I was forced to order a pizza from TWH to-go- ate my slices outdoors as it was a gorgeous day.  A cheese pizza costs $5.75 and toppings are $0.35 cents each.  My artichoke and black olive cheese pizza therefore cost me a whopping $6.45, tax included. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/talking-stick-resort-scottsdale?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA#jod_fmSfPtVJH_F-xSnC2A  I had told the server that I was a big fan of thin-crust, and she warned me that their pizza crusts weren't thin at all.  And truthful, she was.  Not only was the crust not very crispy (there were areas of crunch, but I ditched most of the doughy bits), but the cheese pizza came w/ a layer of marinara/tomato sauce.  I guess I'm used to ordering white pizzas that do not have any red sauce on them, so this was a bit of a surprise.  Other than those two complaints, the pizza was solid.  Reheated nicely at home, too.  For the handsome price, I'd say three people of average size could get their fill for a few hours!  Be prepared to wait for your pizza, though... it takes a little over 15 mins. for this baby to bake!
1	Casino Arizona at 101 and Indian Bend is now Talking Stick Resort.This was my first look of the new casino from a video poker player's perspective. CA Management has no love at all for VP players.  When the Salt River Tribe first opened their casino at McKellips, it was understandable that they could get away with offering "cruise ship" pay tables on video poker.  However, I am truly shocked that management believes it can still get away with worse pay tables than they had at the old casino.  In fact, they went from having at least a few good plays at the bar, to ZERO plays in the entire casino.  For my money, and it is MY MONEY, this casino ranks right up there with Vee Quiva for it's poor VP and  it will be a cold day in July before I drop a dime in either one of these "grind" joints.I'm going to let the newness wear off a little and take another look in a couple of months.
1	I went to the resort with some expectations. Sadly, other than being new, it could offer little incentive to ever make a return trip. The casino itself seems small and cramped. Try to navigate between rows of slot machines and you'll find yourself squeezing between other patrons. The management has decided that unless you want to play nickel, quarter or dollars, you are not welcome. I suppose that if you have a small casino and want to maximize your margins, you eliminate the small time player who likes to bet pennies. Strangest thing of all is the ATM machines that don't dispense coins. For coins you have to go to the cashiers window and wait interminably for your 40 cents. The dining options are oddly located off the gambling floor and the signage is horrible. In an area with other gambling options, avail yourself of those options and avoid Talking Stick.
5	Loved it.Felt the most like a Vegas style casino than any other casino I've been to in AZ.  $5 blackjack tables, electronic craps and roulette, lots of blinky 5cent slot machines... I'm in heaven!
3	Sorry Mr. Mike "I had my review filtered" V, you guaranteed I would lose, and I have not.  Since it seems we eat at Wandering Horse almost weekly, I play a little each time, and I do mean only a little.My limited experience with these slots is that my 20 bucks is either gone in an instant, or I win enough to quit pretty quickly.  Overall, I'm still ahead.My big complaint is there are not enough old school Wheel of Fortune machines, only three I believe.  They did have four additional more electronic versions where you solve a puzzle, but I guess they took them down after I won $200 there.  And most of the machines are the ones where you bet by number of pay lines.  The ones where you win when you don't know why, and lose when you think should have won because you can't figure out how to play the damn game.  What happened to 7's and cherries and pulling the arm?  Don't bother with Talking Stick if you're expecting rooms and rooms of gambling space.  The casino is relatively small.  But compared to the old tents next door, this is a monumental improvement.  My husband would probably rate 4 stars because there are areas he can go relax when we're stuck there with my mom for 14 hours next time she visits.
4	slightly unfair writing a review, since only 15% of this place is currently open!No Pools (ok, roughed-in cement)rooms - not availble - yet - July ??you only get thick-smoke-filled casio floor - COUGH-COUGH-HAACK !but, hey!  who needs vegas now?seriously, Orange Sky @ 15th floor was super nice, GR8 service, perfect tini with Van Gough, yummy Nom~Noms.i am looking forward to seeing the rooms, pools, ect. since they are using all cutting edge technology from top to bottom on this place.to be continued...
3	The property is nice. Reminds me of Red Rock Casino on Las Vegas. They are new and I can see they need to work on the dining staff. The food is okay. Lots to choose from and the price is right. I am certain with time, the dining service will improve.The dealers and casino staff need improvement with respect to their service but I guess we compare them to the "sin city" Las Vegas....
3	I visited this casino/resort for a recent seminar. The location was good and I was impressed with the size of the gaming floor. There were several slot machines and gaming tables ranging in price. As I walked around I noticed a couple of dining/bar options and a large sportsbook area where customers could watch the games. The drawback for me was information. The seminar name and location did not appear on the board in the entry way and while there were a lot of casino staff on hand, two that I stopped and asked for information were not familiar with the meeting or its location. The concierge was not at the desk, so I circled the facility looking for assistance. Finally upon my second lap, the concierge was back and was able to quickly and accurately provide the information I sought. The concierge should be there for other activities and not necessarily needed to answer simple questions which could be provided by signage. The casino looked nice and had a fun atmosphere, but they could do more to promote the events and meetings taking place. Perhaps a pre-shift meeting with floor staff to inform them of events taking place just in case someone asked them or the inclusion of information on the entry stanchion or digital directory. That would increase information and free up the concierge for more relevant duties.
1	Awful!  I understand AZ casinos are not like Vegas casinos, but this place was just terrible.  I expected so much more out of a brand new casino.  It was small and felt cramped in every aspect.  The cigarette smoke was unbearable and offensive.  The staff was extremely rude, and everything is hard to find.  The drinks are expensive and the bartenders are horrible - rude and extremely slow.  I wrote in about our terrible experience... I got a voice mail, and have tried five times now to get back in touch with the guy, to no avail.  They show that they don't care about their customers in any way, so I recommend you waste your money elsewhere... that's what I'll be doing!
3	Stopped by this place for the first time last night.  Wow!  Very pretty place.  Plenty of machines if you're a slot player, and all the tables were full, as was the card room.  Seems like there was an employee for every 10 people in the place; waaaay overstaffed but that made for great service (in our case, someone asking us if we wanted another drink every 15 minutes -- no complaints!). We also wandered around the outside grounds:  beautiful.  Shame so little people were outside.So why only 3 stars?  First, the smoking.  I KNOW it's one of the few places left indoors to smoke, and all things considered the filtering system was working OK, but we still reeked of smoke after we left, and were only there maybe 2 hours, including being outside for at least 30 minutes.  A brand new, beautiful place and it already reeked; what a shame.  The other item was minor but annoying.  They have music piped out onto the patio from the hotel, which is nice, but they also have pool music piped onto the patio, so many places you sat outside got this crash of two different types of music..... bad planning and really annoying. Hopefully management will walk the grounds and catch that.Last, the parking is a tad confusing, only because it's built kind of circular; doesn't flow well.  However, there are dozens of golf carts buzzing by to carry you to the casino, so one cancels out the other.Overall, I say check it out!
4	This review is for the Resort's Casino, Meeting Space, and Bars.  I didn't stay in the hotel rooms.The casino is very well designed and clean.  The poker room is huge and the slot machines are brand new.  The valet guys were very fast and cordial.  The drinks here are reasonable.....$5.25 for a pint of Blue Moon and $11 for a glass of Cabernet.The Meeting Rooms and Banquet F&B is fantastic.  The resort is new and the meeting rooms are top of the line, comfortable, and very chic.  The walls kept the sound out and the food that we had for dinner at the conference was AMAZING!  (See pics for details.)Here's a sample of some of the food that was served:- Venison w/Jambalaya- Tempura Cactus, Brownies, Cole Slaw, Filet Mignon- Bacon Wrapped Elk w/Berries & sauce....nomilicious!- Buffalo meat in a reduction sauce w/Mushrooms....awesome!- Venison Chili & FiletThe conference was absolutely spectacular and Talking Stick Resort was a big reason it went well.I will be writing a separate review for the Black Fig restaurant and Shadows lounge.Will I return?  You can bet on it!
3	I am only reviewing the hotel, meeting rooms, and restaurants. The room is spotless clean and modern, but make sure you bring a pair of ear plugs, because the elevator makes extremely annoying squeaking noise ...... I stayed there for tonight. The first night I thought my room was too close to the elevator, the second night I moved 6 rooms away from the elevator.....this time is even worse....... the elevator woke me up every one or two hours..... I really don't need this on top of a business trip. So Be prepared, bring your ear plugs!!!!!
4	This review is for the casino and showroom.  We saw John Mayall in the showroom tonite--it is a great intimate concert space and had really good acoustics.  there was cocktail service in the room prior to the start of the concert and bar at the back of the space was open throughout the concert.  before and after the concert I played a little blackjack.  it was nice to have more than one $5 table.  All the dealers were nice and drink service was timely.  As was mentioned in other reviews--they do allow smoking in the casino--but there was pretty good circulation and most of the folks at the tables I sat at didn't smoke.  I will definitely go back both for concerts and a little blackjack.
5	Was lucky to be able to come back to this place and experience the hotel....what a beautiful place!  The rooms are brand new and spectacular!  Check out the pics I posted of the room...in the meantime, here's a breakdown:Bed - Damn, this bed was comfortable!  The linens were soooo soft and the pillows were just right!TV - Large flat screen LCD....perfect picture and sound.  Other benefit??  There's a docking station so you can hook up your iPod, MP3 player, Laptop, iPad or whatever to this docking station to get charged or connect it to the TV....seriously, check out my pics I posted a close up of it....1st hotel I've seen this at.FREE Wireless Internet - Enough said.Separate shower & tub - I prefer this setup vs a shower/tub combo.Rain Shower Head - I absolutely love taking a shower when it has a ceiling mounted rain shower head....check out the pics.....I want one of these in my house!Premium bath linens & toiletries - Always a nice touch and can make your stay so much better.In-room refrigerator.In-room premium coffee maker.You have a choice of a view of the city of Scottsdale or the Golf Course & Mountains.  I chose the city of Scottsdale.....it was a nice view at night.Overall it was an awesome stay.  Too bad it was only for 1 night.Will I return?  I hope so.....real soon.
3	Went to this resort last night for a friend's Christmas Party. We started and ended up at the resort but went on Ollie the Trolley for a Scavenger Hunt but that's another story....:) GREAT FUN! At any rate, we started at the Orange Tree cocktail lounge upstairs. Service was good; pours were nice on liquor but I was surprised they served cheap prosecco as their champagne by the glass. Apps included shrimp (ok); crab (YUM); lobster (YUM); oysters (YUM); port cheese (good); roasted veggies (tasted good but very few were eaten.) The casino was smoky (hate that) but as soon as you left there to go to the actual hotel it was wonderful. Very zen. Very modern. Very relaxing. Our room was lovely and super comfortable. View was spectacular. When we returned, we rushed up to the fine dining resturant in Orange Tree and had a great meal. Sharing the crab, lamb chop and bacon wrapped scallop was delicious. We were pleasantly surprised by the whole experience.
3	This is probably the nicest resort-casino in AZ.  I actually wouldn't mind a mini stay-cation here for a night.  Their bars and restaurants look decent and worth a shot.Just like all the rest of the casinos out here, most of the people that go are pretty sketchy which makes for some fun people watching.  The only major downside of this place (aside from no sports book, live roulette or free drinks) is that the ventilation is absolutely horrible.  Coming in here is literally like taking a bath in cigarette smoke.  It is worse than Vegas.The casino floor is pretty decent with plenty of tables and slots.  While they could use a few more $10 (or even a few $5) blackjack tables, I had a decent time losing a few bucks during my smoke bath.The golf cart ride from our car to the casino was a plus.
4	Nice poker room.  Its big with lots of tables, and well managed so you can get a seat quickly.  Lots of TVs and some fair promotions usually.  Best place to play poker in Phoenix for sure.
4	I stayed here back in December and wish it was warmer outside to be able to enjoy the pool. No worries. Everything about the room was fantastic. The bathroom was huge, the shower was big and the bed was probably the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. I liked that they had video craps and roulette. The dinner buffet was excellent. It didn't make me feel over stuffed and tired like other buffets tend to. $28 for a buffet per person is a little steep, but the food was VERY good. I thought the place was very nice over all and I'll totally go back soon.
2	Smells like a dirty ashtray and the place is new... if you head for the Orange Sky or plan a visit to Showroom or the Ballroom, there isn't any smoking allowed in those areas so you'll not reek of smoke. But unfortunately, you have to travel through smokersville to get there. I did find the parking garage in the back to be an easy way to avoid MOST of the smoke if you are heading to the Showroom or Ballroom. Concert in the Ballroom was disappointing. The acoustics are quite absent so if you appreciate the Dodge (CoAmerica) or other real music venues, you'll be disappointed. And the bar in the Showroom is cramped when there is a large amount of people. Our private party was extremely crowded around the bar and they didn't have enough servers coming around. Empty glass hell!!! Only plus is they do have Malibu...
3	Went to have sushi with a friend at the restaurant inside the casino.we sat in the small bar area, had one drink some sushi and a Saldana to share. I love seaweed salad, but the one they serve here is very "fishy" tasting and I sent it back. The sushi was fresh and very well presented - and there is a 1/2 price menu until 7:00 pm. The best part was the bartender Elan who was our server as well. She was knowledgeable and attentive. I would try this place again...let you know how it goes.
5	A beautiful new facility. I was not a fan of the old casino at this location but I love this new one. I have done ok at the slots but not that great.
5	Best poker room in the valley.  Maybe even the country.
4	Let me start by saying that my first trip to Talking stick was initiated by a spontaneous decision to try the new casino, after a day of drinking... Needless to say, about $200 later we decided to call it a night.   Don't get me wrong, we had a great time, just lost money.  I'm not a gambler, so I mainly just played spectator as Hottie lost his money at the blackjack table.  After about an hour, I decided to take my bad luck with me, and wonder around the casino.  I can say, by far this is the best casino in town. It actually reminds of a casino in Vegas!  Not to mention everyone who worked at the Casino was very friendly, in fact since there was a wait for a cab, they just drove us home since we were only a couple miles away.    We will definitely be back to talking stick for the night just to dine and enjoy entertainment at the piano bar without gambling!
4	Actually wanted to get to Talking Sticks. Parked on the opposite side and ended up at Casino Arizona. Tried their buffet.... meh! Talking Sticks Buffet is better. BUT the casino:Clean, lots of machines, quite a few blackjack tables and a poker section. Sat on the bar playing those bar machines.....now, soon after I commented about how "mindless" this game is, the machine took on a life of its own and gave me these free spins I guess is what it's called. Just kept going and going and when it finally stopped it gave me 6x more money than what my original ante was. So, was I happy? Of course, I had fun watching the mindless machine take control of my life and I had a couple beers with my road warrior partners.
4	This hotel is really nice and clean. Loved the bed it was very comfy and the flat screen tv. The only thing I didn't really like was that they pretty much don't have any of the old style slot machines and they casino is pretty small. Other than that this is a great place to stay in AZ.
4	I've never gone to a casino. So in a recent trip to Arizona I had my brother and his girlfriend escort me. I love this place. But I didn;t get any farther then the casino. Once you find parking - fairly easy on my first trip- but I was told that was extremely rare, you are show to either an atm or the bar. Of course the smell of smoke seems to also tag along. I ordered an Apple Patron & Goose Martini (lovely). Best part of this resort - GREAT BARTENDERS. I walked around as the alcohol slowly entered my system and was ?dumb enough to start gambling. I seem to have the golden touch for everyone around me. I got off a machine and the next person would win. As little as $50 (in one case) and as big wins - the Wheel of Fortune $0.25 slots ... a guy won over $1,000 and only put in $5.) He asked me out to attend a show at the Resort. I declined. But like others have aid the machines seemed to go off fairly random. So if you don't win you might want to sit back and watch others.
4	I won.  That made me happy.'Nuf said.
4	I just love being 21. I feel like my world is completely unrestricted now... except for, of course, the fact that I still can't rent a car or get into area 51 to see what they are really hiding.... however, gambling and drinking are two of my new favorite hobbies.Normally when I go to a casino I drink a ton, but I didn't drink much at all at this resort. My friend ordered a Cherry Long Island Iced Tea... UM... BEST INVENTION EVER. The bartender completely pulled this one out of thin air. It was so good, though (because I had a sip). The bars are fully stocked with almost every type of GOOD alcohol imaginable. The casino is really nice and the rooms are even nicer. Talking Stick Resort is absolutely gorgeous. I love the patios outside at night, because they overlook the pool and the warm Arizona air makes it a completely surreal experience.There are a bunch of tables and a lot of slots (which are totally my favorite). Friends were winning and it was simply a great time!
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. Talking stick resort is only nice because it is new. The employees could care less about you and your experience. Rooms were nice but not worth ever going back. I made reservations for my party of five and myself at Orange Sky for 8pm. We got there early for drinks and the waitress was rude and after we got our drinks she completely ignored us. They did not seat us until 8:45pm!!! They claimed they were running behind and could not free up tables!! What is the point of making reservations if I have to wait!? When we finally sat we walked by AT LEAST 4 open tables we could have been sat at. The employees weren't interested and clearly DID NOT care about our experience. Drinks took another 15 minutes and we had to ask for bread THREE times!!!! Dinner was not worth the wait!!! I've worked in the restaurant business so I always tip at least 20%.... But I couldn't bring myself to give them ANYMORE of my hard earned money because they just did not care. I gave the manager a piece of my mind on the way out and he was the worst of all. Almost calling me a liar when I explained how long we had to wait to be seated! I can assure you, I will NEVER return and I will NEVER recommend the resort to anyone I come into contact with.
2	I didn't know that they allow smoking inside the casino.  I was grossed out when I went in to meet my girlfriends at Orange Sky restaurant.  I cannot agree more, this place smells like a dirty ashtray.  Too bad, because maybe I would have like to spend some time at the tables.
2	Beautiful facility run by amateurs. This is my second trip and second review. Sadly, my initial unfavorable impression has been reinforced by my second visit. This trip I signed up for the rewards card. The rewards desk failed to ask me to set up a pin number and now I can't access my account online and need to make another trip out there in order to activate my account to review my point status (like that is going to happen!). Had lunch at the Blue Coyote Cafe. Again, beautiful facility but run by amateurs. Waited forever to get water (not good in a desert), waited even longer to place an order, receive our salads, get our bill and pay our bill. The salads were very good however.  And what is up with the ATMs not dispensing change? They are more than willing to take my paper, but don't want to give me back the coins? Save yourself the effort, go to Wild Horse Pass or hell even Harrah's Ak-Chin even though that ain't saying much.
4	Biggest poker room in Arizona.  24/7 poker action!
3	Resort?  Not really.  Just a casino/hotel/golf course.  If you want a resort experience there are better choices in Scottsdale.  And you can still drive to the casino if you like; it's right off the freeway.
3	If I were JUST rating the rooms alone this review would get four stars. The rooms were beautiful and very modern. They were obviously brand new. But overall, I am not sure I would pay a high price to stay here. We got a deal on Expedia and decided that if we were going to have to pay for a hotel (our AC went out this weekend) we may as well go somewhere new and fun. The Good: The pools were great for our small children as they were not very deep. They had a toddler pool that was only 2 feet deep with comfortable lawn chairs everywhere and plenty of shade. Our small children had a blast splashing around in that. The bathroom was really nice with an overhead rain shower, soaker tub (small but deep), and a hairdryer with shampoos etc. There were bath robes and slippers, a huge mini bar (which we didn't use), and plug ins for every electronic device you could think of. The room and the pools alone would get the four stars. Breakfast buffet? DELICIOUS and a ton of food to choose from. WiFi? YES! And free! But it wouldn't work on my iPad for unknown reasons.THE BAD: Here's where it lost some stars for me. When you walk in there is only ONE entrance and the front desk is an after thought pushed off to the side. It does NOT have a resort feel when you walk in. The first thing you see, and probably the intended main attraction, is the casino. Since this is on the reservation smoking is allowed. The casino stinks, is super loud, and is filled with sad old people. Casinos gross me out. It just isn't my thing I guess. Plus, I have kids (2 and 4) and kept feeling guilty about exposing them to all of that smoke. Once we got our keys we had to guess where our hotel room was located. The front desk told us 11th floor but we got confused on where the elevators were to the hotel. The casino and hotel are separate which we didn't realize. We asked an employee only to get a shrug, and stammering and, "Uhh, I THINK it is the 12th floor?" We find the elevators and there are only 11 floors and then a C1 (clubhouse) option. We choose that because that must be the "12th" floor. Once we get up there it is a huge maze of rooms. Luckily we are smart and figured it out but really, you could get lost. The hallways are long and lined with rooms so don't forget your room number or you won't find your way back! We had a credit for room service. Later that evening we ordered some dessert. The menu was not in the information booklet with the other dinner menus. Why? I don't know. So we called and they listed them off. I specifically asked if my apple pie could be warmed. I got a "oh yes, it comes warm and so does the brownie. They are so good."  Um, no. All of our desserts were ice cold. The brownie had nuts which we weren't told and my husband hates nuts. The flourless chocolate cake was pure cocoa. The apple pie? Cold as ice. YUCK. I'd understand if I hadn't said anything but I had already specifically asked about that. For 6-12 bucks a dessert I could have gotten better at the grocery store. I know I'm being picky with the cons here but when I see resort I expect a RESORT. I've seen nice rooms like this in Embassy Suites for half the price. A nice room doesn't a hotel make. The pool? Yeah for my small children it was nice but no pool was deeper than 4 feet. The buffet? That was good. I'll give them that. The service? Meh. Also, the music was BLARING everywhere you went. I wanted to relax for breakfast and the music and casino were loud so we sat outside. Still loud! There were huge speakers blaring the music too. At 8 AM I don't need Enrique blaring in my face. Would I stay here again? If the price were a steal but otherwise, no. If you love smoke-filled casinos then you'd love this "resort." If you want to get away and relax at a beautiful resort, go somewhere else. There's better places in Scottsdale, Phoenix, and surrounding areas.
5	This is by far the nicest Casino in all of Arizona - Maybe the nicest Indian Casino in the entire southwest. This place offers the top shelf restaurants, pools, bars, entertainment and other amenities that you'd expect in a 4-star Las Vegas hotel. The downside is that cocktails ARE NOT free. They have a HUGE poker room if you're into cards. Check out the posh 15th floor bar too. Another bonus is the proximity to Old Town Scottsdale nightlife and shopping (If I were a tourist I would NEVER stay in Downtown Phoenix). FYI - Their buffet is the best in town.
5	I wasn't expecting to be, but I was super impressed with my stay here. I booked a room for after Thunder from Down Under was hosted here so we could avoid driving after what was sure to be drunken evening. The room was super nice and modern. The beds were ultra comfy, the room was spacious and well decorated. They have the cool coffee maker that allows for individual cups. The bathroom was large and had a waterfall shower (which I didn't get a chance to use, unfortunately) and a giant bathtub. The lighting in the bathroom wasn't so great for getting ready, but they have a close up make up mirror attached to the wall which was really nice except that I didn't want to see all my facial flaws that close! The hotel itself was well kept and the staff was courteous. There are two pools although I didn't stay at either for an extended period of time. At the main pool, there were plenty of lounge chairs available and the pool was well sized. It would have been nice to have a few more umbrellas so I could move to the shade when my pastiness started burning, but oh well. There was also no attendant at the towel station when we went on Sunday which I thought was odd. The smaller pool was nicer in my opinion. Fewer lounge chairs but also fewer kids and there was a speaker playing music which was nice. The casino is pretty decent, not my favorite in the valley, but still a good selection of slots, tables and poker for whatever tickles your fancy. They also host a 5:00 toast every evening in the main bar which was kind of cool and I enjoyed the complimentary margarita, yum! I only ate in the Blue Coyote Cafe as it was the only place that offered a variety of Vegan selections for my sis and both times it was pretty good. There was a long wait for seating so we opted for the bar both times and it was a good choice. The bartenders were super friendly and chatted with us while we waited. I had the nachos which were delishhhh as well as the veggie sushi roll and the lo mein noodle bowl (I think that's what it was). The hummus was pretty bland though, so I'd advise skipping that. The service was prompt and the restaurant, from what I could see from the bar, was well maintained. After the show, we went to the night club upstairs and it wasn't really anything special. There is one bar and a big open section for dancing and such with a few big open spaces off to the left. The patio was super small, so smoking was really inconvenient and there were only two stalls in the ladies room which made for a painfully long wait. Although I enjoyed almost every aspect of my stay, I do have one major complaint...parking is in the garage and the entrance to the hotel (which was hard to locate) is across the casino, so we had to drag our bags by many onlookers which was not fun considering the amount of clothing I packed...So after my extremely long winded review, I'll recap short and sweet by saying that this was well worth the $109 I paid and we had an amazing time. I would return for sure.
3	We very much liked the property, the room was modern, and it had a lot of amenities. Unfortunately we had a power outage for 2.5 days and the situation was handled miserably. Of course the power didn't go out in the casino, only the guest room tower. Casino was fairly small and very smoky which made me retire early or leave the casino floor after a short time. I hate when my clothes and hair smell like smoke! Bad ventilation. Our reservation was for 4 nights so we had to relocate the 2nd night which was funded by the hotel but we had to pack up to go and then repack to go back to the Talking Stick the next day which made for a lot of wasted vacation time. I pre-paid via Expedia and it's been 3 months and my credit still hasn't come through for the 2 nights they comped - now I have to call and deal with it again which takes forever. The bar/restaurants on the upper floors were beautiful and had great views. We only had cocktails so I can't comment on the food. Pool was very nice with great poolside service. Not tropical nor lush, you felt like you were in the desert, but still nice. A lot of pros and cons and we have mixed feelings about going back with so many other options available.
4	I stayed here this past December for a few days with my family for a family member's business trip, completely paid for by the company so I don't know what the room prices were.  The rooms were awesome - very spacious with a big bathroom as well.  Very new and modern.  The bathroom had a shower with the raining type of showerhead and a separate large bathtub.  The family was divided into 4 different rooms which were all equally awesome except for one that had a cold draft constantly blowing above the beds that you couldn't turn off.  I'm not into casinos, so I can't say much about how the casino rates.  We went to the same two restaurants every day but I don't remember the names. I thought both were pretty good though with great service.  As other people have said, my biggest complaint is about the crappy layout of the first level.  The front desk is in a small area off to the side of the casino, a little hard to find at first.  When you enter the hotel from the parking structure, you're immediately in the casino and have to walk along the circular path to the left to track down the front desk, and then drag your luggage through the casino to the opposite side to go down a corridor where the elevators are.  It's easy to get lost, trying to follow the bad directions they'll likely give you.  The casino is very smoky, which was a problem for my grandma because she is very sensitive to smoke, but walking through it is the only way to get to the parking garage.  She had to cover her nose with her shirt.  There was supposed to be a non-smoking section of slot machines that she wanted to play at, but I guess they gave up on trying to enforce the non-smoking policy in that corner so it's just as bad as the rest of the casino.Another problem we had was with the bathroom doors.  They're sliding doors with a frosted/textured window on almost the whole length of it, and they don't lock.  Kind of a minor problem, but it was annoying for those of us sharing rooms.  You could see the silhouette of someone sitting on the toilet, changing clothes, etc., so sometimes we'd end up going to another one of our empty rooms just to use the bathroom.  I understand they're going for a high-end modern look, but if you're concerned about privacy, these bathroom doors will suck for you.
4	A bunch of us chilled in the pool at the Talking Stick Resort on July 3 with a record breaking high temperature of 114. After taking the advice of a nice employee who was riding around the parking lot in a golf cart, I parked in the garage. That was good advice 'cuz I had covered parking all day. You need to walk through the smokey casino, and then outside to get to the pool. The pool is huge with an ample supply of lounge chairs surrounding it. The restrooms were clean (that's a good thing!) There are three pool bars, but I never had to go to any of them because of the numerous servers walking around. None of our group got a room so I can't review that, but the pool was great. Cathy was our server. She took care of us.I'm adding this to my Resort Pool Crashing review list. I would rate this experience 5 stars for not charging women anything to use the pool, but four stars for having such a limited poolside menu. There wasn't a single healthy choice on there. I have to admit, that the brat with sauerkraut was pretty tasty and I'll probably order another one the next time I go. I asked for barbeque chips and got jalopeno pepper chips. NO thank you! I didn't eat them. I plan to return on a non-holiday weekend, if they let me in without having a room.fdglikdffier
3	Really nice casino/resort I didnt win any cash but did have a good time! ..Place was not breath taking but still clean and recently remodeled. I went to the downstairs cafe which was eh.. not that great food was bought out cold nothing seemed correct and service was very slow!  Really sweet piano bar though near the casino. Not much to really say about this place. I was saticfied but has lots of room to grow!
4	oh hello trouble!What's the first sign you know you have a gambling problem? well maybe when you find yourself at an Indian Casino 3 Friday nights in a row until 4 in the morning... Guess I am just a degenerate...So yah, now im broke...hahah just kidding... but in all seriousness, dent on the wallet indeed...This place has been great though, I really enjoy going, the thing is I need to limit myself. I look at it sort of like going out to a nice restaurant, you gotta do it from time to time, but too much of anything is a bad thing... I find myself regularly spending 100 bucks at a bar between cocktails, shots, etc... If I spend a little more here, say 200, I get hours of entertainment and a chance to make money instead of lose it along with all the benefits of a bar... Very clean, very nice, cool place to hang! For people visiting, it's a fun night in AZ...THINGS TO REMEMBER:1. NO live craps, NO Roulette 2. NO Free Booze with Gambling3.Cocktail waitresses are HARD TO FIND, grab em when u can!4.The food out infront of the poker room is actually pretty fucking good! especially for 3AM sloppy hotdog eattage!
3	Jersey Rocks at Talking Stick Resort's Showroom was pretty fun tonight! I'd forgotten that American Idol finalist David Hernandez was headlining the tribute show... (Songs from NJ acts, such as Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons, The Ronettes, Bon Jovi, Bruce Springsteen, Billy Joel, and many others.) Since it's the first weekend (shows run Thu-Sat each week from Aug. 4-Sep. 17), the 10-person crew still needs time to perfect every routine and costume-change timing.  Aside from a duet w/ Sophia Maria where Hernandez' voice was drowned out by Maria's soprano notes, I really enjoyed his performance.  (I don't follow American Idol much, so I didn't recognize him.)  Carl Man, from Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular, was also another highlight.  I admit I was surprised that he, a tenor, was going to sing Springsteen's "Born to Run," but Man did a great job-- this man w/ a boyish face has a great set of lungs!  And Cassie Simone, also from Aladdin fame, impressed me w/ a few of her solos, even when she looked like she was about to take a tumble from those high-heeled pumps a couple of times!  The other back-up dancers were fun, as well.  I wouldn't mind catching another show towards the end of the run to see how much they've improved...  If you have a chance to see the show, I'm sure you'll find yourself having a great time!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w47_voQmXJ0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnCaRp7h9wIhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av13QIwrKEo
5	I was only at the casino, but it was very nice!  Probably the cleanest casino I've ever been to!  The staff was very nice!
4	Compared to Las Vegas resorts I give this place 3 stars, but for an Indian Casino in Phoenix it earns 4 stars.  Well, maybe because I won money playing at the Blackjack tables, it earned 4 stars.  It is clean and the ladies enjoyed the skinny margaritas at the bar.  Really wish they would get a real craps table though...If I go back to Phoenix I would visit this place again.Reminder - people can smoke inside!
4	This is truly a lively place!  They have plenty of things to do and lots of good places to eat! The Ocean Trail is awesome if you like gumbo and cajun dishes!  I've always had a good time whenever I've gone here!7
5	What's not to like about this place. Let's see, there's plenty of parking and the guys in the golf carts pick you up at your car and bring you to the door. The concierge is always helpful. Ok - there is a lot of smoke, but this is a freaking casino, so what do you expect?I was entertaining a lot of out of town guests so we all decided to get the Player Rewards Club cards. What a return on investment that was. We went over to the Box Office and found out that for each ticket we bought, we got a free ticket when showing our newly minted Player Rewards Club Card. He shoots, he SCORES! So a $20 dollar "Jersey Rocks" show was $10 per person instead of $20. And that show was entertaining, with all the singing and dancing. There were a couple of dudes that obviously had ballet training that kind of blended their dancing skills into a more modern look and almost came off as if they were practicing the Brazilian martial art of Capoeira. The singing was stellar as well, as you heard some Springsteen, Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons, Billy Joel and Bon Jovi.The Buffet at the Wandering Horse Buffet was awesome, but that's another review. Some of us gambled into the wee hours and came out winners. A good time was had by all.
3	After taking a rock music class at ASU, I really enjoyed the music during the doo-wop groups and teen idols of the rock 'n' roll era.  Jersey Rocks would make an excellent extra credit.  The stage is small, considering the size the room.  Service can be slow, had only two waitresses to serve the whole room that night.  If you like jukebox classic, Jersey Rocks might be the show for you.
5	I've stayed four times since the place was opened: as staycation , as mother-daughter retreat with my mother, similar with my mother-in-law, then to relax and to study before a test. Not to mention the visits to casino with my mother and mother-in-law, brunch with my kid, drinks with my husband, restaurant with my friends, spa with my friends, spa solo. The place is the best value in town for the quality of its services, accommodations, and amenities, parking, easy directions (it's right of 101), and lack of pretensions. If you are staying, make sure you use the spa facilities, even if you do not have a treatment, gym, and, weather permitting, pool.  And their coffee is not Starbucks, but Peet's.
4	We just finished a nice, grown-ups only weekend here. We came for the resort-like amenities and golf course(I'm not a big gambler). First off the place is pretty nice. It has been decorated with modern tasteful designs that aren't trashy or outdated like some of the other casinos in AZ. The hotel room was very elegant and had an upscale luxurious feel to it. The staff was super friendly and helpful at all times - very accommodating. We got a cabana at the pool on Saturday and watched football, ate, drank, soaked up the rays and enjoyed the crystal clear pool. The food and drinks were very good and service was excellent there too. Occasionally, free liquor samples came around and I can't argue with that! An advantage to having the cabana, too, is that you can easily make your own drinks or drink whatever you brought to avoid having to order $6 drinks all day. The Saturday crowd at the pool were mostly 20-30/40 somethings, with a few older folks sprinkled in, that like to party  or relax and have a good time. I was wearing a U of A hat and got a little jawing by a few ASU fans, but I can let it go considering I was in their territory. ;)I would gladly come back to this casino/resort in the future. Golf review at: http://www.yelp.com/biz/talking-stick-golf-club-scottsdale#hrid:uTA1NxHh8Qp2JSrvh_n9Eg/src:self
5	My husband and I go there often even though we don't gamble, we just like the food @ their restaurants & the dancing in the lounges. Have stayed the night as well & loved the room+service.I can't think of anything I don't like about this place!
4	was there over the weekend...the room was absolutely 1st class.  Beautiful tub, glass shower, flat screen tv, wireless, ipod dock, great views..excellent.Partied up in the club on the 14th floor.  Good times.This place is really classy and fun. I was with a mixed crowd and found something for everyone.Only complaint is that the price for everything besides the room as way over done. Drinks.. Food...  Come on. Felt like they were trying to bleed us.But...  Still a great evening and 1st class hotel room.
4	Who knew we could have a miniature Vegas scene in Scottsdale. Well besides Old Town of course. Enter Talking Stick Resort. They outdid themselves with this resort. They have multiple restaurants, multiple bars, a prime steakhouse, club, piano bar lounge, sushi bar, musical venue, plenty of gambling and one heck of a buffet. They also have a gorgeous golf golf, large pool area and multiple locations to just sit and relax. This resort lacks any feeling of "Old Phoenix" but rightfully so since it is new! I suggest coming to Talking Stick if you want to have an activity filled evening without leaving your first stop. Concerts: I've seen Huey Louis and the News here. Yes, that's right. I said Huey Louis! And yes, it is hip to be square because his show was awesome. However, believe it or not, it sold out! So take it from me and get your tickets to shows early. I've been to several events at their main musical lounge and it has the feel of old floor shows. Food:The food here is decent. Orange Sky steakhouse is delicious with one great view. The buffet (especially Sunday buffet) is out of this world and you will need a wheel barrel to leave. Even there cafeteria-style food is decent. Amenities All I can say is that they have state of the art everything.
3	It's a fun atmosphere with nice rooms and a good pool area.  The club upstairs is alright though and they make you pay for drinks while you gamble which sucks but we're in AZ so it is what it is.  Good restaurants come a plenty at this establishment!
4	We had a very beautiful room at the Talking Stick Resort! Our balcony was huge, and the panoramic view of the mountains was very lovely. We had a fun time with our friends at the casino as well. The only complaint I had was that the smaller cheaper rooms had big garden tubs and our balcony suite only had a shower. Seemed kind of weird to me. Other than that was totally happy.
5	Probably wins the award for nicest and cleanest casino in AZ. Though when you consider their compeditors- it's not much of a compition.I like the newer penny machines. Thank you! Pretty and pleasant and the attendants don't hide out in the back.
1	I stayed at this facility over the long weekend for Thanksgiving.  The staff frustrated the heck out of me! They have no clue as to what good customer service means. The worst culprit was the hotel manager "karla". She has no right working in the service industry with that attitude.  Pretty hotel but because of the awfull service I will never go back nor recommend it to anyone!
3	I only go for special events and am never let down by the atmosphere, ambiance, and selection.  Can't comment on the gambling but it is always bumping in the casino - the smell of smoke though reminds me of despair...
5	Nice casino. Great poker room.
1	I've never been to a "resort" so completely lacking in any design aesthetic or personality.   I couldn't wait to get out of the place.Imagine a sterile corporate office building with a smokey, stinking casino filled with people who look like rejects from Medicare, and you have the general idea.
4	2 night stay 12/23 -  12/25/11 as an Anniversary/Birthday getaway. We Loved the beautiful Deluxe King Room..comfy bed, beautiful bathroom with glass shower (but the shower door didn't stay closed) and rainfall shower head. Lighting in said bathroom however wasn't good for doing makeup. The view from our 10th floor room was gorgeous...Four Peaks, Red Mountain, Superstitions to the far east as well as nice golf course and pool views. Love the floor to ceiling windows which provided these great views. Nice armchair and comfy desk chair. Room was very, very clean which is of utmost importance to me. All staff were friendly and helpful with the exception of the Front Desk woman who appeared to dislike her job. Since it was our first time here, we had to ask how to get to the room..she didn't provide anything but our room cards..no info, no "have a nice stay"..nothing. Then at the Palo Verde bar the first bartender had zero personality..took our drink order then went back to talking to her co-worker..very rude. Other than that employees were great.Didn't gamble much since Native American casinos aren't very good to me. Enjoyed one of the outside patios which had Native American flute music piped in. Ate at the Blue Coyote twice..food is expensive but pretty good..not extraordinary but good.All in all really liked Talking Stick!! We would definitely return for another stay.
4	Just finished an enchanted evening @ the Talking Stick Resort.  View from the 15th floor was magnetic.  Fire works display from one of the golf courses was an added bonus to a wonderful evening.  The food was superior.  Salmon Cakes, Risotto with (I swear it must have been Filet cubes the meat was so tender and melt in your mouth.)The service was right on with a smile and at your every gesture should you need.  Live Music in the lounge was personable and well done.Loved the brilliantly polished Terrazzo flooring with mother of pearl inlays.  I am an Interior Designer so I did appreciate the detailing, not too much yet well thought out and executed such as the interesting cultural display room. Main gaming area is of course filled with a wide variety of people.  Makes for good people watching.Overall it was will worth the adventure and we will be back.  I do have to comment on "David M's" negative review.  Any wonder no "friends" after writing such a string of hate filled reviews from here to Cali?  Who would want this guy there anyway?  He hates everything & everybody. We get out of life only what we put into it.  If you go looking for a good time that is exactly what you will find at the Talking Stick.   We had a sincerely excellent time.
4	Very nice resort that reminds you of Vegas a little bit. They have multiple restaurants, a buffet, bars, and a lounge. The restaurant/lounge upstairs has a great view (by the way, there's a dress code to go up to the top floor restaurants) as well. My friend hooked it up with free passes to the buffet which was good. Lots of accessible bars around the main casino floor. Too bad you don't get free drinks like vegas unless you're in the high roller room ($25min). This place can get quite crowded on the weekends and can be a good place to mingle.
4	I think Talking Stick is probably the best Casino in the Scottsdale area. They recently turned the Casino into a high rise hotel and upgraded all the restaurants, entertainment, and gaming tables. There's a huge poker room, and a high rollers room for blackjack and slots.  The deals are all professional and most are very friendly. If you want to have a good time on a night out, try Talking Stick.
2	Thank you Tanda M. for reminding me to review this.  I went to the casino two weeks ago.  It was cool, but not as exciting as most casinos I've been to.  Usually the atmosphere is enough to make me want to stay awhile...
4	We spent New Years Eve here.The place was packed! However, the staff was very friendly and they were doing everything they could to service the crowd fast.  We shared a room with another couple. The room exceeded my expectations! The decor, linens and layout was superb. I do think it is a bit pricey for a hotel where you are spending your money gambling; however, the four of us definately will be going back!
4	I was very impressed by this property. Every time I arrived in the parking lot (and it is a BIG parking lot!), an attendant was nearby ready to whisk me up to the resort entrance.Beautiful bathrooms with rainfall shower heads, gorgeous grounds, and a wonderful view. The rooms are plush, clean and comfortable. It feels safe, too - an attendant is stationed near the elevators (Vegas-style) so only card-carrying hotel guests can enter.The location is fantastic if you're doing anything in North Scottsdale (Barrett Jackson, Phoenix Open, Shopping, etc) - just hop on the 101 to get where you need to go.I was traveling on business, so I didn't have time to experience the spa, dining or gambling. Stay tuned - I'll be back!Room Tip: The club level is where it's at!
5	I went here with girlfriend and her family last night.  It was a pleasant evening.  The casino hotel is pretty large.  Very nice decor.  I didn't feel it was that smoky.  Smoking goes right along with gambling, so don't think you will be able to avoid it.  These places are looking more and more like vegas everyday.  We ate at orange sky.  I thought it was delicious.  Loved the food.  Service was great.  Not as good as the new domenicks that just opened at the scottsdale quarter but darn close.  After eating we hit the tables.  I didn't do so well I lost $200.  But I won it all back playing keno.   $345.00  YEA!    I will be back soon.
4	Very impressive! Stayed at TS for an industry conference. It feels very organic and serene for a casino hotel. The rooms are clean, spacious and elegant with smart layout & the bathrooms are fabulous (big with lots of counter space and soaking tub separate from rain shower. The toiletries are generous and not super cheap & the bed was comfy.  Room service was quick and tasty and not too ridiculously expensive. Free self parking available (just a short walk away) and free wi-fi...which is rare these days (eeekkkhmmmm, Marriott). If I have to complain, just FYI, room 420 has an obnoxious squeal when the room above runs the water;(   and smoking is still allowed in the casino, so although they do a good job of filtering it out....that smell still lingers the nearer you get to the casino area (but undectable in the room). Everything is so nice, that minor stuff was easy to overlook. There are a couple pool areas that looked inviting and loads of sitting areas all over the hotel/casino with nice views. Everything operated smoothly and efficiently and I had a pleasant stay.
5	This place was amazing. I've stayed in decent hotels all over the world but this was perhaps the nicest room I've seen. High ceilings, central air (not those obnoxious, noisy below-the-window units) very modern & clean. High-end. Highly recommended if you're planning to attend spring training games at Salt River Stadium nearby (free shuttle).  Rooms are spotless and well presented.
3	From afar, you could seriously convince yourself that this place is a huge hospital.  It is definitely a compound!   And when you see a Hampton Inn right in front of it, its even more convincing!  The closer you get though, you realize that this place is actually pretty nice...My friend and his GF wanted to check this place (its a few miles closer than the stand-alone Casino AZ) out to go (yup you guessed it) gambling.We arrived on a Thursday night, and it was pretty crowded!  A much hipper crowd (as you could tell just by the cars near the valet) than the other place.I found it interesting how the hotel lobby was right next to the entrance of the casino- that is kind of iffy to me... I know they do it so they can suck you dry, but still, I would have expected better from a place like this.This place houses a much younger crowd and is definitely less smoky than other casinos around... But I am there to win money, not to get married or to breathe clean air.  Unfortunately, I lost $200 on slots here quicker than I lost $100 playing blackjack on a cruise ship.  I realized then this place wasn't for me.There aren't nearly as many bill-breaking machines here either, so plan ahead and good luck finding an open seat.If you want to see or be seen, then this is the place for you.  If you want to win money, head down the highway (I am sure people are winning tons of jackpots there as I am writing this)...
2	*This review is just for the casino...and parking lot.I just got back from this place and am so astonished that I had to write a review. I've been to my fair share of casinos and this one takes the cake for highest db ratio and lowest blackjack IQ. Before you think to yourself that I'm just writing this because I'm pissed off because I lost a bunch of money there, I spent three hours there playing blackjack and lost $25 total. That's basically breaking even, which I'm fine with. How I got to that point is another story.I came on a Saturday night, St. Patrick's Day to be exact.I don't know if that had anything to do with it but man, there were so many clueless blackjack players there. And I mean seriously just so awful, they shouldn't be allowed within 1000ft of a blackjack table. It absolutely blew me away. If you don't know "basic strategy," you really shouldn't be playing, but if you don't have any common sense, you REALLY shouldn't be playing. More on that later. My basic rule of thumb is if someone at the table does two bonehead moves (going against basic strategy), I usually leave and find another table. Well this repeated four times out of my first four tables. A first for me. But whatever, I don't know it 100%. So I walk around looking for a table with some competent players having lost over 2/3 of the money I started with. I find a table with people who know what they're doing and guess what? WE WON! Everyone at the table was winning and I made back all the money I lost. Two of them do the smart thing and leave and me and the other guy at the table continue to do pretty well and I'm actually up about 30% when the worst blackjack player on the planet sits down next to me. This guy was doing stuff like hitting with 16 when the dealer is showing 5. Not even just screwing up basic strategy but just doing plain moronic stuff. I'm not sure he even knew how to count. He did crap like this several times and got an earful each time but he kept doing it. I should have left after the first time he did it but I was tired and thought I could overcome it. Nope, not even close. I left the casino shortly after.Another example that just popped into my head is when I was at an earlier table and a girl wanted to hit with 17 and the dealer showing a 10. "I want to hit, is that so wrong?" YES. The casino itself wasn't that smokey even though it seemed like every other person was smoking. Basically every table had at least one or two people actively smoking. Way more than any Vegas casino I've been to (and I was just there two days ago). There's definitely a younger crowd here, so the higher db ratio is to be expected, but man, is smoking the cool thing to do again?Something else worth mentioning is that I played for about two hours at several different tables losing money and didn't get carded once. I went to another table and played a hand where I split 8's twice and doubled one of them and won  them all. I then get carded. WTF? The dealers were all pretty nice. In regards to the drink service, I was there for 3 and a half hours and received one cup of water. No need to say any more.Oh and the parking lot....whoever designed it must have been mentally challenged (or blind).  This place is a step up from your average Indian casino, but I'll take a Vegas casino over it any day.
4	For the $$$ rooms are great, bed is verycomfy, view is great & bathroom (shower is amazing) is nice.  Attention to detail was accomplished in the hotel. My only complaint is in regards to the pool.  What moron decided to place the pool on the east side of the building thus blocking the afternoon sunlight? The building casts a shadow over the pool by 330pm. Poor form.
4	Before checking into the hotel I read several reviews from both Yelp and Expedia.  Many comments were made on the friendliness of the staff, cigarette smell in the casino, and starkness of the rooms.  While there was a cigarette smell in the main casino area, it did not permeate the entire premises.  I found the staff to be friendly and helpful.  As for the decor, the rooms were of an Asian flavor, which I found to be very elegant.  The bathrooms had a very large soaking tub and a separate glass enclosed shower with a rain head.  Both were used many times by my wife and I.  We found the restaurants to be very good.  Don't miss the lounge on the 15th floor.  All in all, I would definitely stay there again the next time we are in Scottsdale.
4	The room was beyond nice in my opinion maybe not for what they charge the regular folk but it helps to know people and we got a great deal so i loved it for the price we paid for a king size bedroom and huge bathroom the tub wasnt as big as i imagined but I loved the concept. If only i were a few inches shorter or the tub was a few inhes bigger.  Perfection right there.  The remotes are a little ridiculous for the TV on the wall but I enjoyed our stay with our amazing bed and prestine bathroom and cheap toilet paper.  :)
2	I stayed at the resort during a CSIA convention so I will be reviewing both the rooms and the casino and restaurants.As far as the actual rooms go, they were really really nice.  Brand new.  Big bathroom with walk in shower that has the water fall straight from the ceiling and separate bath tub.  The beds were nice too, and they even give you up to 6 complimentary water bottles a day in your mini fridge (just be sure to ask!).  If I were just to write a review on the rooms I would give it 4 stars.Now for the casino and restaurants.  The casino was clean.  I won money!  The reason it only got 2 stars (honestly, if not for the nice rooms, my review would be a 1), is because the casino and restaurants have a really cheap feel about it.  I know they are trying to make money, but geez!  First off, don't go to "The Sports Bar" in the center of the casino.  The girls that work there are really B**chy.  Second, The bar in the center pours the weakest drinks I have EVER ordered (keep in mind, I spend a lot of time in Canada, and they are legally required to only pour 1 oz of alcohol into each drink, so to say this bar pours weaker drinks than Canada is saying something!).  The food at all the restaurants is mediocre.  The Orange Skyy bar on the 15th floor was actually descent, but you sure do pay for it.For Scottsdale you can find a place to stay for a lot better bang for your buck.
4	Talk to The Stick Cause The Face Ain't ListeningBy The RueI spent the weekend at Talking Sticks,Layed by the pool with a couple of chicks,They didn't know me and I didn't know them,After they noticed they asked each other "do you know him?"They told me to leave,Called security,Told me not to come back any more,Just another night that I couldn't score.I just made all that up because it made me laugh,For game night you should play Balderdash,For breakfast I ate at the Blue Coyote Grill,It was just breakfast, not a big thrill,Chased some chick,Ate it up quick,For dinner I had Philly cheese steak,It was so-so, defintely not great. We celebrated 30 years after a friends birth,$129 a night, certainly well worth,The pool was like an episode of Jersey Shore,Fist pumping douches and lots of slores,Thick necks, big chest,Blonde hair and fake breast,I'd certainly come back again,Just don't come here expecting the Wynn.To Be Continued.......
4	What a lovely resort! We were in Phoenix and my cousin said he wanted to take us out on the town with our first stop at Talking Sticks Resort for the breathtaking view.What a view! I was impressed.
1	I bought an appetizer at the bar at Talking Stick Casino, the bartender/waitress took my card around the corner and did not come back for 10 minutes.  I learned today 644.00 was fraudulently charged to my card and the bank said it appears it happened at Talking Stick Resort.In addition, I brought my parents who are elderly and from out of town.  They frequent many casinos and in fact this was our fourth casino visit during there week long visit.  Mom and Dad said they have never been around such miserable employee's and they said they would never come back.  They maybe elderly but they are not typically critical.I don't frequent casino's but this was an awful experience and I hope they nail the Waitress/Bartender who allegedly stole my account number.  The bank said this is not the only incident they received from Talking Stick so they must have a ring going on.  Typically shady employees will sell the information to a foreigner.  Most of the charges were for Turkish Airlines so I assume the second tier thief involved is a foreigner working with the Talking Stick Resort employee.  Bad News for TSR!!
3	I think this casino is a lot more Atlantic City than Vegas... Lots of old, sad, food stained Hawaiian shirts stretched painfully across swollen What-a-burger filled stomachs sprinkled with the ash of many a cigarette. Get the picture?I think I'll just wear my ID on my forehead from now on when I come here. It was checked no less than three times and I totally get it, but jeez can't you just give me a wrist band or something?I've been here twice now and have luckily managed to pretty much break even each time. Girls, you won't get hit on as much as you may (or may not) like. Most of these dudes are staring so intently at the colorful lights that they won't even notice your existence. There is actually a super chill martini lounge in the back corner behind the high stakes room. They have top shelf liquor, live music and an outdoor patio area that surprised me with how nice and comfortable and quiet it was. If I go back, that's most likely where I'll end up. Happy losing!
2	We had heard so many great experiences about this resort & casino we decided to give it a try.  I was bummed that it was filled with smoke.  All the machines are video, none that were just gold old slots.  All the machines had minimums and were usually 20-30 lines.  Even the penny machines were a minimum of 40 cents to play.  We didn't win once between us on 5 different machines and denominations.  It wasn't very big and none of the tables were open at 2pm on a Holiday weekend.  Not impressed and probably won't go back.  If I want to stay at a Resort, there are several around equally impressive for same price range.  If I want to go to a Casino, I'll head to Ft. McDowell.
5	Reserved a room for our wedding night. We were leaving the following night for our honeymoon so we didn't go crazy for the wedding night hotel (just didn't want to go home).I was able to drop off my bags earlier that morning for them to hold until we arrived later that night after the wedding. Mentioned to them that I was getting married so I wanted them to hold the bags so I would not have to have them with me that night. Upon arriving after the wedding we received a free room upgrade on the 2nd floor. We were near the pool area. Room was immaculate and so nice. 12 foot ceilings, patio/deck with furniture and a table. Bathroom was huge along with shower.I could not have been more happier with Talking Stick Resort and their service. I will definitely be back if there is a stay-cation in the future. I do suck at gambling though so not a reason I would go back. The seafood bar might rope me in before then as well.Thanks again!!!!
3	My friend and I went to the casino for their pool party over memorial weekend. We got there around 3.30pm and 90% of the pool was already in the shade. Who ever planned the building vs. pool location wasn't to smart.Anyways, everyone was having a great time. Drinks were $8, but at least they were strong.Tip- there are showers in the pool restrooms. We spiffied up before heading to the tables where we lost money quickly.Then we checked out the view from the top floor and it was worth the ride up.
4	Reviewing our second stay at TSR.  The wife and I like to get away from the kids and the cats every so often to celebrate our various anniversaries and TSR is just down the road from our house.  We stayed in one of the "Club Level" rooms (king size) this time and completely enjoyed the space!  The ceilings are super high, the colors are warm and casual, the view (of Scottsdale and the sunset) were great.  My wife enjoys soaking in the big tub and the large shower is a treat.  The bed was very comfortable, however I didn't like the pillow selection (I prefer a thin pillow otherwise I get a neck ache).The room includes a decent sized mini fridge, wine and martini glasses and a shaker.  We always bring our own drinks, so it's nice to have the hardware ready to go.We checked out the hospitality suite on our club level for a quick appetizer before heading to Blue Coyote for dinner.  The hospitality suite is a decent concept, but when we arrived there were no seats left and I was mildly surprised to to see children mixed in.  It's billed as complimentary wine and champagne, so I don't know why you'd bring your kidlets with you?  We ordered sushi at Blue Coyote and while we're not super experienced in the sushi scene, but we enjoyed our selections and thought they were sized and priced well.  I ordered a draft beer and it came in a plastic cup.  Classy.  The service was excellent and otherwise the restaurant was very clean and comfortable.  We came back for breakfast as well.  Nothing to rave about, but decent food and good service.As with any casino/hotel that I've stayed in (i.e. Vegas) you have to go through the casino to get to the hotel.  As mentioned in other reviews there is a security attendant near the elevators that makes sure you have a room key.  The casino is what it is, we're not of the gambling type but I put a $20 into the roulette table and promptly lost most of it.  It's smoky in there, but I don't think it's as bad as places I've been in Vegas.  As others have mentioned, there are various seating areas and bars away from the "action" if you just want to hang around and have a drink.Previously we have stayed in the Executive King to enjoy the wrap-around view.  These rooms are definitely "colder" and don't have the warm colors or elegant touches.  I can see how the large patio would be great for hosting your own hospitality suite for a business meeting, but it's not a "romantic" room like the Club Level rooms.
4	I stayed here the last weekend for my friend's birthday. She got 2 free rooms on the 11th floor from her player's card (woohoo, thanks Ashley!). The rooms here are nice, they are new and good looking. The bathroom is large and has a shower where the head come straight down from the ceiling...pretty cool stuff. My only problem with the room is the bathroom door. It doesn't really close....it slides shut, but not really all the way. Who wants to go to the bathroom without a completely shut door? How weird.... Anyway, the pool is nice, large and a comfortable temperature. Same with the hot tub. I think the casino is a bit weak, it could use more machines, but it's fine. I would stay here again (especially if it's free!)
2	Maybe it is me, and the fact that I am not a gambler, but I was not impressed with the casino they had.
4	Talking stick is a great hotel/casino! Check in isn't until 4pm, but if you call reservations early they can and will try to accommodate you. The staff is very friendly and this place is VERY nice. The actual casino is a bit small, and was very crowded on a sat night. I was surprised that they only had 1 blackjack table that had a min of 5 per hand.  Everything else was 10 and up. The room I had was definitely worth the 180 total I paid for it (club level) and it had a amazing view. During the summer they host pool parties on sat and sun. I went on sat and had fun, there was a mixed crowd of young and older people there. Its a 21and up type of function and they dont charge to get in, nor do you have to be a guest of the hotel to attend  (like some other places that host pool parties). afterward we went to eat at the blue coyote cafe (the buffet place was just short of 30 per person). While the food was good, we had somewhat of a rude hostess that not only myself but a few other patrons did not appreciate. This is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5. went to degree 270, which is a club that's on the 14th floor of the hotel. Its good to see places that still adhere to a dress code of no t shirts, it made the place classy. All in all I was very impressed with this place. Their rates and prices were very reasonable (a bottle of jack Daniels sent to your room for only 45 bucks?!) the staff friendly and helpful, and an overall beautiful place to be.
4	Love this place. The casino was much larger than I thought. The craps "table" was electronic but a lot of fun. The hotel and casino staff were extremely nice. The pool area was very clean and well kept. The one down side the pool is only five feet deep. The room (Executive King) was very clean, comfortable and ours on the Northeast corner on the eleventh floor had a great view. All in all we had a great weekend stay. We'll be back.
3	Went to the POOL party here and it was a great break from the heat.  Glad I got in free, I guess they sometimes charge $10 to get in for guys?!  I would not drive here to a pool party and pay $10.  Maybe its me, but was not impressed with the pool or spot in general.  I did buy a bucket of Bud light lime, 4 beer's.  Also lack of shade, I got there at about 1130 and the only seats are in direct sun.  I ended up meeting someone there and they told me you have to get there at 830 to get an umbrella covered chair.  I did see some guest bringing umbrellas from home to accommodate the lack of shade.  Luckily I got shade or I would of left within an hour.  Pool is on the large side, mostly 4 feet deep, so really a soak er pool for everyone to hang out in.  It was nice with a group of people I came with, luckily I did not get hit with the footballs, tennis balls, Frisbees, etc., being thrown around in the pool.  I did see various people get hit in the face, top of the head with various objects, so be prepared.Also a few brawls or "boys being boys" showing how tough they are moments and security had to escort some people out.....If your a guy and nothing better to do and feel alright spending $10 just to sit by the pool and can drop $20 on 4 beers be my guest....I rather just invite my friends over to my house and swim in my pool.  At least there I wont have to worry about getting hit by a football, tennis ball, or Frisbee by some drunk guy.  Not trying to be harsh, but I think that is a mood killer when I see random girls and guys get hit in the face and everyone then asking if they are ok?  They don't want to be the one to spoil the fun of others and say its ok??? Not cool....As for the casino, Vegas style full of smoke inside, can smell cigarettes soon as you open the door.  Love the self park and the hike to the casino.  Yes they do have golf carts to get you to your car, but only one was going back and forth so is it better to stand in 110 degree weather waiting 10 minutes for them to come get you or just suck it up and walk to the door.  I went hiking for the door to get into ac as soon as possible.My review does not include rooms or casino stay since I live 45 minutes away, I would not stay here and also I am not a gambler so I stayed clear of the casino floor.  Overall I wish the pool party had more shade for guest, drinks were less, and security had more control over the tennis ball, football, and Frisbee throwing.  When the pool is full the chances of hitting someone is very high....Not my idea of a fun time to get a tennis ball in my face from across the pool......
4	This casino brings a little bit of Vegas flare to the Phoenix area. Far different from other casinos in the valley, the Talking Stick is more hip, modern, and seems to cater to this type of crowd, but still pleases folks like my parents when they come to visit. We recently took advantage of a couple friends who stayed  for a few nights. Their room was minimal-chic with crisp linens, dark wood furniture, and a beautiful spa-like bathroom. You can't just wander around the rooms if you don't have a reason to be there. A desk clerk asks for your room number or the name of the party you're visiting. We took advantage of the pool party going on outside where the DJ provided the club music and staff were serving buckets of beers poolside. If you're not a guest at the resort I believe the pool party is regularly free for ladies and men pay a $10 cover. There is a gorgeous restaurant here called Orange Sky, as well as a wine bar up the elevators. There is a dress code so since we weren't dressed for it we hit up the casual restaurant for lunch. We don't gamble but the game floor was packed on this Sunday afternoon. They always seem to be hosting comedy shows and small concerts as well.  Great local resort for a Phoenix stay-cation!
4	WOW!  I was impressed by this place.  I kinda felt like I was in Vegas for a brief moment.  It is modern and hip.  And the most important thing, it was not SMOKY.  They have multiple bars and a nice view.
5	This year the pool parties held by/in the pool on weekends during the summer are called, "Release". Not a lot has changed since last summer, in a good way. It's still free for ladies and $10 for the guys to get in on holiday weekends (free for guys on non-holiday weekends). The very young beer/shot girls still walk around periodically handing out free samples and goodies (I snagged a green Bud-Light Lime hat and a few key chains a few weekends ago. I like to add the free/sample shots to my coke that I pour in a large insulated clear mug brought from home.), the pool is still filled with people of all ages socializing and chilaxin' (each weekend is different and the age range varies), the alcohol is still rather pricey but refreshing with the triple digit summer temps., the food is typical poolside food and very gratifying when starving and trying to soak up the alcohol and sunshine buzz, and the dj still jams tunes full blast (turn it down a notch or two so we can talk to each other without shouting) after 1pm.On weekends, I like to get to the pool between 10:30-11 am to get a lounge chair. The chairs go quickly because people either leave their dirty towels on them when they leave so you can't tell which chairs are really being used or people leave towels on the chairs to mark their spot, even while gambling in the casino  (all very typical, yet annoying, of resort pools).The pool is large (there's a small, shallow pool for kids or wading)  and the crowd is pretty tame. Talking Stick needs an entertainment coordinator to get poolside group activites organized and implemented. I'M AVAILABLE!! I have TONS of fun ideas to get the crowd to interact and participate. How fun would that be?!
5	This is a great place to go, pass the time, and have a little fun. The wife and I always enjoy the people watching! As long as you know your limits at the casino, you're guaranteed to have a blast!
1	I stayed at the Talking Stick for four days.  The hotel was very nice.  The rooms were new and well decorated.  Except for difficulty in finding electrical outlets in the room and a glass door that separates the bedroom from the bathroom, I have no complaints about the hotel room.  Also, the restaurants were good.  But the casino, that's another story.  Without a doubt, it was the worst casino experience I've ever had.  As an avid gambler, I've seen casinos in just about every state where gambling is legal.   During my four day stay, I did not see any customer hit a jackpot that required a Form 1099.  I found this very troubling and extremely unusual because after four days, I expected multiple jackpots.  Not necessarily that I would hit one, but that at least one customer in the whole casino would hit a real jackpot.  This casino is so tight that, after a few days, you enter with a clear understanding you are going to lose.  But there are lots of other reasons in addition to losses that I say the casino should be avoided.  First, security personnel in the casino (this does not include hotel security personnel) act like they are the Secret Service guarding the President.  I saw casino security personnel get rude with many people--generally telling them to get out of their way when they were escorting money.   Don't get me wrong, I've seen security guards in other casinos do their jobs, but these guys weren't there to serve the customer.  They acted like Gestapo guards on a mission and they were going to cut down anybody that got in their way.  Second, drinks were overpriced.  I understand that the concept of free drinks while gambling is limited to Nevada, Mississippi, New Jersey, and a few other states.  But $5.25 for a beer is outrageous.  It was just another attempt to gig the customer!  Third, the ticket redemption machines would not provide change when cashing a ticket.  They would provide currency but they gave a ticket back for change.  The obvious thought on this is that most customers won't go stand in line at the cashier.  I did one time for a 25 cent ticket and it took me about 10 minutes to get through the cashier line.  Because many people won't wait this long for a small amount of money, this seemed to me to be just another attempt to gig the customer!  Fourth, pay outs as low as $200 were paid by hand rather than by ticket.  When a machine would hit $200, jackpot music would pay and the machine would say "Call Attendant" as if a $1200+ jackpot had been hit.  This is extremely inconvenient.  Whether the concept is to give the false appearance that the casino has more jackpots or this is done for security (to stop people from cheating machines), I've never seen any other casino in the entire nation do this since electronic ticketing was first introduced.  Fifth, the casino is too small to accommodate local customers and guests staying at the hotel.  By 7:00 p.m. on any evening, the casino was so crowded that you had to fight to be able to play.  The casino premises were very nice but I guarantee that there is not even the slightest chance that I will return to this casino.  It was absolutely the worst casino experience I've ever had.
5	This resort is as good as it gets! The place is huge, great ambiance. We had a few drinks and gambled a bit. The Ocean Trail has delicious food. Drinks are a bit pricey, but worth it.
4	We got a room here and although it was pricey the room was just beautiful! Somewhat small but well laid out. The bathroom was gorgeous with a huge tub and stand alone shower. Plenty of counter space too. Our cieling to floor window view was of the outside pool and fountain. Dark wood shutters and just a modern rich look to the whole room. The bed was very cozy! Make sure you have your key card for your room on you because there is security downstairs checking to make sure your a guest before you can take the elevator. My husband and I were there with some friends. We enjoyed the pool and the spa. They have a pool bar outside which never seemed to be that long of a wait. The pool gets very crowded and probably should be bigger to accomadate the size of the hotel. In my opinion this is definetly not a pool for kids. Not that your planning on bringing your kids to the casino with you, but the pool is more of a party pool with a younger crowd, drinking and random footballs and frisbees flying around. The casino slots themselves.. not a huge fan.. but we did have some luck on the roulette table. The casino bar is beautiful with a great view and the drinks were yummy. Definetly plan to visit again. :)
4	I stayed here a few Saturdays ago with some girlfriends and we had a great time. I will say my lungs ached a bit after 24 hours, due to the smoke, but the casino was waaaay better than other smoky casinos I have been to. We gambled alot and went to the club. The music at the club was good and bad (Baby Got Back...really?????) but it was still really fun. The late night bites at the Fig restaurant was affordable and good. Although I have to question my decision to buy a greasy cheeseburger and fries at 1 am. We stayed in one of the Club level rooms and that was top-notch. The views and accommodations were gorgeous. We did have a bug problem but maintenance was responsive. The club level lounge was a true treat. It offers complimentary beer, wine, champagne, and light bites from 4-7. The light bites were California rolls, lo mein, egg rolls, veggie tray, chips and salsa, and mini desserts. We got drunk and left with full bellies...score! Veronica, one of the conceirge staff, was simply amazing. She was friendly, attentive, and accommodating. The next morning, light breakfast was complimentary, too, in the lounge. It was a choice of two quiches, cereal, oatmeal, a mango parfait, and fresh fruit. I also really enjoyed the Peet's Coffee espresso machine that made espresso, mochas, etc. And again, the service was impeccable. I enjoyed the pool on Sunday morning (when it was quiet) but not so much on Saturday afternoon. I was lucky to snag a lounge chair at 4 pm during their pool party amidst all of the "reserved" chairs for people that had been gone for hours. There should be some preference towards guests over outside visitors. Plus, I laid out for almost an hour and not once did any wait staff come by. I noticed they definitely catered to the rowdy groups of drinkers, though. After walking to the bar, I found my pina colada to be reasonable priced at $8 and tasted delicious. Overall, great place to stay with no need to leave the premises once you are there.
4	We have been here 2 x. Once for the pool party that they hold over the summer and once to stay the night (after the pool party)The pool is 3.5 ft deep most of the way around. Which makes it a perfect party pool. They have a ton of seats, servers and people attending the pool. Some are hotel guests others come just for the party. There are plenty of hot bodies and creepy old dudes...I just described my wife and me...shit. The servers are attentive and prices are not too bad. The food is decent and again not too bad. The Hotel is Vegas in AZ and the rooms are awesme too...Some of the negatives... the walls are thin or the doors are hollow or something. We heard every person on and off the elevator ALL NIGHT. I swear I was in Vegas. The buffet is nice and had plenty of food but none of it was great. for $34 I was hoping for more.
4	I stayed here on July 3rd for a night with a friend and loved it. We had an amazing view, the room was spacious, modern, and clean. The cigar/martini bar has an outside area that has couches and tables and was a great place to relax with a drink. They had a fun variety of specialty martinis and great service. While I am not a fan of buffets, it was very good. I can't complain! The food was hot, there was a good variety, and the server was attentive to clearing our plates and refilling our drinks. Room service was fast and the food was good. We had nachos and hummus for watching the fireworks and they were both huge portions and good. The price wasn't completely ridiculous either for room service. Great casino with the exception of the smoking. Good food, great rooms, amazing views. I want to go back and try their cajun/new orleans style food restaurant. It was to busy the night we were there and we didn't have reservations but I will go there soon, the food looked amazing.
3	I stay in a lot of hotels, A LOT.  For a change of place, I will check into a hotel.  I had heard lots of great things about the TSR so, I wanted to check it out.  You walk in casino level and have to navigate towards check in.  The person who helped us check in was a JERK.  This should have been the first sign of a long line of really piss pour service we received the entire time.  People were pissy and mean and not interested in providing any sort of service, let along good service.  We walked by the hotel manager who didn't even say hello????????? The room is nice, very well decorated and nicely layed out.  The room temp was a bit warmer than I am use to experiencing when entering a hotel room.  The inside room/outside room noise was very audible, as you could easily hear people in the halls, and we had a corner room.We ate at several restaurants on the grounds.  I will review them separately but also nothing stellar.  Overall pretty disappointed with the place and probably won't be staying again.  :(
1	I give this place one star because it's not possible to give less. Let it be known the staff is extremely rude and unwelcoming. It was the week of my wedding and my bridal party and I along with many family members stayed at this resort for a week. Two of the nights I stayed in the executive king room which was around 350 a night. 1. Found two roaches - didn't complain just put cups over them and asked the hotel management to come and get them.  They acted like it was no big deal and that I was asking a big favor for them to come to my room at night and get the bugs....2. Room service misplaced many of my and my bridesmaids things. I had to TWICE call the hotel staff to find my towel wrap (which was clearly not one of their towels and was hanging up) because the maid threw it with the other dirty towels by accident.....3. First night, 8:30am the cleaning ladies bangs on the door...and we told them we were sleeping and then she yelled very rudely  "Then put the do not disturb sign on your door"...4. and finally they are NOT MILITARY FRIENDLY!
5	OK, I am sucker in somebody's eyes in the marketing department.  Yesterday received an e-mail from this resort offering 2 free tickets to this weekend's concert of an Aerosmith cover band.  All I need to do was print out the offer and show my ID at the Box office.  So this morning drove over to the Resort and handed the Box personal my print out and she ask me which show we wanted to see.  She printed out to general admission tickets for the Sept. 1st show at 8:00 o'clock...  Looks like I have a date night for Saturday... Doors open at 7, seats are on a first come bases.  Hope the band lives up to the billing and advertisement...
2	Scottsdale standards?  Stay somewhere else and gamble here if you want. The pool is mediocre. The restaurant choices are not spectacular except Orange Sky- i really felt like i was on a carnival cruise with all the alcohol fueled tattooed gents and stiletto heeled teeny boppers here. Save your money and gamble and stay somewhere else.
5	We visited talking sick over thanksgiving weekend. We purchased the upgraded room with balcony facing the golf course with a spa treatment and round of golf. First- phenomenal views. Second- gorgeous room. Contemporary yet cozy. Very nice size. Shower and bathroom was amazing.  Clean details. Highly twinned having breakfast on the balcony. Ate at orange sky- arrived around sunset and had some good cocktails. If possible, try reserving the booths that face west. Very private and romantic. My boyfriend and I constantly refer to our stay and look forward to our next stay there. The  hotel and grounds were nice and modern, a very sexy feel. One of our favorites. Price and location were extremely reasonable.
3	It must have been the weather but the pool wasn't very happening.  I definitely liked the atmosphere and the staff was on top of it.  The music was entertaining.  If you like a mix of house and hip hop then you would love it.  We tried the food and it was decent.  Mostly bar food.  I like their selection of canned beer, blue moon and landshark yum!
1	Worst customer service experience I can remember.We sat down at a blackjack table and were completely ignored by the dealer, Lisa. We watched her deal four or five hands to the gentleman that was already sitting at the table when we got there without her even looking at us or saying a word. When we repeatedly asked if we could get chips for the money which we had on the table she didn't even acknowledge us. It was quite surreal.I asked a manager on the floor what was going on and he said that he didn't know and that there was nothing he could do!? I then spoke to his boss, Albert. All Albert was able to tell me was that he was sorry and that he would buy me a drink. I told him that was unacceptable and that I wanted to know why I was treated so rudely. He made no effort to talk to the dealer or check the tapes and did not take down my contact information to resolve the issue the following day. I felt his tone was condescending and dismissive.I don't recall ever being treated so rudely by an employee or being disregarded so bluntly by management in my life. I will not be going back to the Talking Stick Resort & Casino ever again.
4	I stayed here for 7 nights a combination of business and fun.  The resort is top notch, especially the pool area and rooms.  I loved the pool and drink service was consistently good.  Beware the pool in over run with kids in their 20s on Saturdays, which may be reason to do something else around Scottsdale.The rooms are new and comfortable.  I stayed in both the "club" and standard rooms during my stay.  Do NOT under any circumstances waste your money on a club room, which is identical to the standard room, except for snacks and a light breakfast and afternoon drinks.  A thumbs down to the "club" housekeeping who didn't wash the tile floor after I complained it was dirty.  Both the front desk and maid gave me lip service.The restaurants are just ok.  Service is turtle slow and there are much nicer restaurants located in Scottsdale.   I felt the staff in the buffet was rude asking for me to produce a photo id wanting to charge a $10 breakfast to my room.  The food was decent, nothing great.Ah yes, the casino.  The staff is friendly but casino is way too small.  I'm used to large, full service casinos in rural CT.  Not here, no craps or roulette.  Forget about free drinks too.  Ditto if you want to play video poker at the bar...not enough seats.  The friendliness of the dealers and pit bosses is a nice touch, tho.Overall, I liked the resort and there is value in the accommodations compared to other Expensive Scottsdale resorts.  I would likely stay here again.  The native Americans need to learn customer service.  A smile and "thank you" goes a long way!
1	Nice place but DID NOT like the hidden charges on my bill. I tipped housekeeping but they decided to charge me an additional tip. They also charged me $20 for porterage (Bell hop) each way and I carried my own bag!
5	Great  food  and  its  just  that  you  get  a  nice  size  amount  for  the  cost  unlike  so  many  places  I  have  dined  at  through  the  yrs  where  you  get  a  sardine  for  $$$$  a  major  cost.
1	I came and stayed here for a girlfriends wedding that was up the street at McCormick ranch. What a disappointment this place was. Service was horrible, and when I say horrible it was horrendous. There was a loud room across from me during my stay, security was called at 4:00am two nights in a row. I asked to move rooms, they said I couldn't be accommodated. I placed a request to have my room made up at 8:00am and by 3:00pm it hadn't been touched. My girlfriend who was getting married and had a suite as well asked to have her room cleaned early in the morning, same outcome as mine. Front desk service was horrible, the manager was rude rude rude! Friends of ours were checking in, asked for an early check in... When they went to check in the front desk manager stated she wouldn't help and there wasn't anything she could do about it. Customer service is obviously not a priority of theirs, and because of that I will not ever come back here or recommened this establishment to any of my friends.
1	The resort is very easy on the eye, unfortunately looks alone does not equal a good business. Horrible customer service and unqualified employees.
3	Food still marginal, but atmosphere popping.
2	Talking Stick has all the makings for a great resort but just can't seem to rise to the challenge.  Virtually every encounter with staff just fell short with a lack of hospitality, strange since they're in the hospitality business!    Checked in around midnight and was impressed with the room size and decor.  Went to the casino to have a drink and gamble some.  Bottle of Bud at the bar for $5.50 seems steep so went to gamble. Was playing for awhile when the waitress came by calling for drinks, ordered another Beer and leaving a tip when she said $5.50.....when did they start charging for drinks when you're already down $100!!!!  Dealers were no conversationalists and the 3 that worked our table seamed to be in training mode.  Called it a night and at 8am the maids r knocking on the door.  What's so hard to flag a room that doesn't check in till midnight to and only booked a one night stay to come clean at noon!!  Guess that first get the &:)?& outta here didn't work as an hour later they're knocking again.  Lost that battle so got in the shower to find a big wad of hair in the drain....and it wasn't me pulling out mine.....disgusting! My wife grabbed the camera and we were ready to take action. Went to check out desk,asked first about policy of waking guests so early and were told "you should hang the tag out before you go to bed"...okay showed the receptionist the hair drain picture, she apologized reluctantly and said she would make note of it. We then asked to speak with manger on duty who came up front to help us. Same sad so sorry lame apology and indicated she could do no service recovery or price adjustment because we booked thru expedia. My wife then continued to give her an opportunity to make it right, but silence.Finally we said how about breakfast accommodation as we are now up early and hungry.She thought that was a good idea but did want us to know there was a cap on that of $25.oo...gave in but grudgingly...whew,lotta work,won't be back...
2	We decided to stay the night up there, do some gambling, get dinner and maybe do some dancing at the club on site. We arrived around 530 and went to dinner at the downstairs cafe. The food was great and the service was good. They have happy hour until 7 with quite a few half price sushi rolls and drinks. We had no issues with teh restaurant. We decided to do some gambling at the slots, which is where we ran into issues. The machines were fine, no issues there. I actually won $186 on penny slots, nice! The issue was the insane amount of smoke in the casino. It was so bad that we had to retire to our room around 930. I don't know if they had issues with their ventilation system or what but it was unbearable. then to top it off, my wife decided to tough it out and hit the casino floor again only to be followed around by some creepy guy. I'm thinking security could be more diligent about stuff like that, but hey, that's just my thoughts.Our room was perfect, teh nicest room I've stayed in in quite some time. I can't return due to the insane amount of smoke in the casino, just disgusting.
4	I have some mixed feelings about this place.To be positive, let's start with the pro's: it is generally nice and provides a touch of Vegas without the long drive there.  The hotel room that I stayed in was modern and had a touch of class as well.  I didn't really gamble but there was a decent selection of machines.  The food is also pretty good for a holiday party.  A variety of cheese platters (with my favorite Kalamata olives!!!), and the Filet Mignon and Salmon were tasty.As for the con's, the gambling floor absolutely reeks of cigarette smoke.  If you come here, do so with the expectation and intention of constantly inhaling second-hand smoke.  The pillows (all 5-7 of them) are also very round.  So, if you are like me and are used to a flat pillow, bring your own unless you don't want to sleep well.  The soft drinks are also hideously priced.  The bartender cracked open a can, poured it, and then charged $3.50.  I'm sorry, but this is not the Bellagio!!! Overall, again, it is a decent experience if you want to go to Vegas for a day without leaving PHX!
1	I'm left with a very bad taste in my mouth after a recent stay at Talking Stick Resort.  My family and I decided to surprise my Parents with an Executive Suite for their 30th Anniversary.  Let me start off the the positives.  The check-in process was very easy and the lady who checked us in was friendly and accommodating.  She gave us a room on the 11th floor at the end of the hallway with a great view.  My Husband and I spent awhile decorating the room for the anniversary and put a dozen roses and a "happy anniversary sign" and other decorations we bought in the room for the big surprise.  My Parents loved the room.  They said it was quiet and liked waking up to the awesome view.My MAJOR problem came the next day when we were getting ready to check out.  We met up with my Parents for brunch before checking out.  They packed their stuff up and left it in the room as we requested, and were granted, late checkout.  After brunch we all went up to their room to get their stuff and arrived to a clean room and ALL the decorations we had given them were gone including the dozen red roses, which were just purchased the day before.  Housekeeping had come before they checked out and completely took everything out of the room and left only their bags.  My mom wanted to keep the flowers (which were brand new) and all the decorations we had given them.  These items were stolen out of the room and probably just thrown away.  All that was left was an empty vase - why would someone do that??? I considered this stolen property.When we went to the lobby to check out I informed the lady about the items, which were taken out of the room by housekeeping.  I expressed my dissatisfaction and she contacted housekeeping, who did not return her call.  Meanwhile, my family (six people) sat waiting for 20 minutes.  Finally a manager came out and told us they could not do anything about these stolen items unless I filled out a report, as this is their "policy."  Since everyone was waiting and already upset I just left, but seriously that is ALL they could do???  I spent over $500 at this resort between the room, dinner and Orange Sky, gambling, and drinks, and $30 worth of my property (roses and decorations) were just thrown away without cause.  Why would housekeeping clean a room when late checkout was requested???All in all, I am EXTREMELY disappointed in this resort.  I live in town and have been here multiple times, but will not return again unless someone addresses this issue.  Customer service should be a priority, not an after thought!
1	Worst bar in Arizona!!! Can not get waited on, and bartenders very unfriendly. Drinks are weak, but cheap. Dirty ashtrays everywhere. This place would not survive outside of the casino.
4	We spent New Years Eve here. We ate at the Blue Coyote Cage and also went to the degree270 club. We did not stay at the Resort.The service at the restaurant was fair; they were friendly and prompt. I ordered the Cashew Chicken with fried rice. I thought it was kinda boring overall. I expected a lot more flavor than just some Asian sauce stir fried with chicken and veggies. My friend ordered a large bowl of soup and a Margarita. They're kinda cheap with bread; they brought her only one small roll, so she had to ask for one more. We had fun at the Casino; we played a little at the slot machines. I wish they had more progressive machines; I did well. The club was fun; it wasn't too crowded. They staff at the gate and at the club were nice. We definitely come back here again.
4	As far as casinos run in Phoenix, this is probably the best one. Maybe because it's also the newest, but still, if you are looking for the Vegas feel without being in Vegas, the Talking Stick is for you. It reminds me a lot of The Palms or The Rio. It's clean (minus the smoke smell everywhere, but whattaya gonna do about that in a casino??) and there's tons of tables, so you don;t have to spend too much time searching for an open place to play blackjack.
4	For some reason, I really thought I reviewed this already?? Any who!I just recently brought some family members here. Wife and I have been here three other occasions. The casino is fun, can get crowded during the winter! (Snowbirds in town). My only issue, they really don't have a sport  book! Or an area were some of us men would like to set back, watch some games, drink some beer, and eat. They do have a small area by the Keno area, but it's not much. Overall we always have a good time here, but we will try out the other casinos just to see how it is.
5	Ocean trail is awesome, the rooms are beautiful, bathroom and shower are worth the price. Heated pool and sauna open 24 hrs. One can swim across the jacuzzi.
4	This is a review of the casino only. Although I hear the rooms are quite nice at the resort.You'll find your pick of shiny new machines and tables--all the essentials and then some. This is also a great place for a beginner because you won't be pressured to bet absurd amount of money. You'll can be perfectly happy with the penny slots and $5 tables all night long. It doesn't get too crowded here and makes for a cool night out with some friends.I'm not a gambler, but I ended up winning close to $400 at the $10 blackjack table. Can't say no to that...-----Distinguishing factor: If you're out to gamble, this venue is a top pick in the region.
4	This is a much nicer casino than I was expecting. The gaming area was small but complete. They seemed to have all the latest slot machines including some of the group bonus ones. I also saw a really cool looking video roulette; it had a real wheel but no dealer. They also had video craps which I have never seen before. I didn't go into the area with the table games but it looked larger than most other AZ casinos. They also had a high limit area but it didn't seem very appealing. The servers were all great and very friendly. Of course no free alcoholic drinks like Vegas but they'll fetch you whatever you want from the bar.Highlights of the visit were finding that they had free valet parking (it was pouring rain out) and my hubby won $400 on the nickel Wizard of Oz (the one with the flying monkeys).
4	Talking Stick is the nicest resort-casino in Maricopa County...hands down. If I were coming from out of town, this is where I would want to go for a high-end resort-casino experience. Being that I am from here, that changes  things of course haha. The food options are a bit nicer of course, its Scottsdale. Unlike most casinos, they choose to go with finer food options, opting for one burger stand, but even then the food choices are not too bad. The casino has a typical layout, nothing to really note. The showroom is huge, i have been in there before for an event and its done up very well. The pool in the back is great, the set up is perfect for the parties they throw in the summer. I went to an ASU Alumni event back earlier last year and it was so much fun. Beers were expensive, but it was still a lot of fun in the sun. Please do yourself a favor and come enjoy the outside pool this next summer, its a load of fun!I haven't stayed yet, probably won't because I live here. I will try my best to get to more events and see what else is offered here. Besides basic gambling though, this is a jewel of a resort-casino compared to the others in the valley. ENJOY!
4	Yeah this place is a lot of fun - almost like a little slice of Vegas right in our backyard. We spent about 3 hours at the blackjack tables and were loving the friendly, funny dealers and the colorful regulars. Then there's a good selection of bars to choose from, including a lively duelling piano bar. Definitely a good place to go when I want to exercise my vices.
2	This was the first Casino I've been to outside of Vegas.  I'm sorry, but the ambiance is just not the same.  As I'm not really a gambler of any sorts, I did not find anything special about this location.  The carts roming the parking lots make getting into the Casino great, but other than that, I have no real reason to go back.  I also have no real reason to go to any Casino, so I don't.
5	We saw the Wynonna concert here last evening.  Wow, fabulous and a beautiful ballroom for this event.  Will return to other venues here.
4	I have yet to win but this casino comes close to Vegas in AZ. The rooms are really nice and restaurants are great. They have Vegas style pool parties in the summer.
4	Was here for 5 days on business, didn't use the Casino. The place is great. Food, Rooms and Service exceeded my expectations.
4	Talking Stick is a upscale and first class Casino.  Probably the best in Arizona!The Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community did a fantastic job of planning and executing. I was very impressed. This is the closest you'll get to a Las Vegas experience in AZ.Their gaming area is somewhat small, given the size of the hotel and the care that went into the building. I would have expected something twice as large.  It appears only to be the same size as Fort McDowell in nearby Fountain Hills.  A plus is their "A List" entertainment lineup. Foreigner. Kenny Rogers. Dwight Yoakam.  They also have a great golf course and spa.  So there is a lot to like here.The one drawback was the poor air circulation in the gaming area.  I could still smell the smoke on myself as I was driving away.  They probably just need to change the filters. Cough. Cough.
4	overall a great place for a few hours for drinks, or staying on a vacation. Clean and fun all around.
3	The rooms and amenities are top notch. The service and the employees are disrespectful and far from accommodating.  If you book a room just try to avoid all staff and you'll have a great time!
1	This hotel certainly has room for improvements.  My biggest complaint was the MANDATORY $10 per night charge for the BELL MEN which I never once used their services AND a $3 mandatory housekeeping charge per night.  When I called to inquire about the charges, rather than   taking care of the situation I was told that they were allowed to charge those fees and therefore they were not going to issue a refund.  The rooms were nicely decorated.The pool area seems small for the size of the  hotel.  LOTS of concrete that could have been used to create more POOL.This hotel could use some lessons on CUSTOMER SERVICE and Satisfaction.
3	My boyfriend surprised me with two night at TSR for our anniversary. After having looked at the pictures on their website, I was pretty excited and looking forward to the trip. He made the reservation and I assume he mentioned when making them that we would be celebrating a special event.Upon arrival, we pulled up in the check-in lane. Unfortunately we were not approached by any of the valet or bellhops. There was a separate lane for valet but I would have thought we still would have been greeted immediately upon arrival? After getting out of the car and beginning to unload our bags, we were then approached by a bell hop and asked if we needed help. A minute later they arrived with a cart and they said we could call for our bags as soon as we we arrived in our room. They weren't overly busy or overly friendly so it wasn't such a great start to our experience.Upon entering the hotel, there was a slight smell of smoke and a typical looking casino floor. We walked to the check in area on the left but I must say the area was pretty unimpressive. Just a standard desk long desk with 3 or 4 check in areas with no character. We were able to approach someone right away but she wasn't overly friendly either. She never once smiled or welcomed us to the resort and just started by asking for our name. After requesting we be put on the NE side overlooking the pool, we received our room keys in the card holder and basically said, 'Have a good evening'...uh...what's our room number? What about direction to the rooms? We asked and received instructions to the rooms but so far it was made clear this wasn't a 5 star resort when it came to service.As other's have said, the casino floor does seem pretty small. We made the walk back to the elevator banks that go to the room and as we approached, a hotel staff member was standing at the elevator banks. Having been to other casinos' in Vegas, I assumed it was security and they were there to check for room keys but they ever asked to see our keys the full two days we were there. They didn't smile either. Par for course apparently.Upon entering our room, I was as impressed as when I saw the pictures. The standard, Deluxe King room was nice with lots of work space, closet space and very cozy looking bed. The bathroom was very large and modern with nice finishes throughout. The bathroom sink was oddly set far away from the edge of the counter so it made washing your face or trying to get a good look in the mirror a bit challenging. Also, the hot water and cold water at our sink was very temperamental so it was always either too hot or too cold. Our view overlooked the pool and while it was better than overlooking the parking lot and highway on the other side, the pool area could use a little bit more character. Its a little bare and the design leaves you wanting a little bit more if you are looking for that 'resort' feel. The bed and linens were very comfortable although the pillows were a bit too firm and lumpy for my liking and I woke up with a kink in my neck. While we were at the resort for the next two days, we ate dinner at Orange Sky and visited the spa which I have written separate reviews for. The next day we visited the pool and actually had the best service the entire time from one of the waitresses. She constantly checked in on us and made sure we had plenty of drinks and water. The $7 cocktails didn't seem too overly priced and we ordered lunch around the pool and the wrap and french fries were pretty good. The pool was the perfect water temperature and was very relaxing. The pool bathrooms are also really clean and nice so that was a definite plus. They weren't too busy, maybe with only 30 people in the whole area. The landscaping could be a little more and the big iron gate around the whole pool takes away from any resort feeling but once you're inside, you don't notice it. We lost the sun about 3:30 due to the height of the resort so we decided to go inside and try our luck at some blackjack. The casino experience was like many before, they take your money, you smell like smoke and then you leave. LOL We did order room service both days for breakfast and I will say each person was friendly and right on time with our order so that was nice. The 3 egg omelet is huge so the second day we shared the dish and for $12, you can't beat it! Upon checkout the valet again seemed unorganized and unfriendly but at that point, that service was what we came to expect.Overall, it was a nice little staycation and through the pluses and minuses, I might even come back as long as it was a really good deal.
1	Along with my husband and 3 other friends, we went to the Orange Sky for drinks.  I had dressed up very nicely for the occasion including my Ellen Tracy top, black pants and nice jewelry.  I also wore patent leather thong sandals.  Upon entering the ground floor by the elevators to the Orange Sky, I was told by the maitre d that I could not go up because I was wearing flip flops.  Meanwhile, others in tennis shoes and baggy jeans were allowed.  My friend said she had some old walking shoes in the car and we should get those.  So, I went out to the car and got the dirty old walking shoes and proceeded to put them on and head back.  No problem - admitted.  Now we get to the top and I see other women in silver thong sandals, beige thong sandals, etc.  We had drinks and a couple of apps (salmon cakes and the chili beef tips).  They didn't have much of a selection of apps and really no imported beer.  The apps we did get were expensive and nothing very special.The sunset, however, was spectacular in spite of the dirty windows but to be fair, there had been a dust storm the day before.  On the way down, I stopped by the maitre d again and told him I saw other women in thong sandals and he said that was not true and that he would not let anyone in with "flip flops".  I'm not sure if this guy had something against me or what but he certainly seemed to have missed the entire concept of the purpose of a dress code. I would not go back here in spite of the lovely sunset.
4	This is a very nice Indian casino and it is alive with fun people.  I would have given it 5 stars but the cute restaurant downstairs had disappointing food.  The casino is very nice and they had games for all price ranges.  The staff all greeted us nicely and this is a nice place to take the wife.  This is not what I thought an Indian casino was going to be and I like this place.I ordered Asian chicken wings with rice that was meh and my friend had this fancy chicken that turned out not so fancy.
1	Awful customer service. Friend and I spent a fortune. Wouldn't take my credit card because the numbers weren't embossed. Lied to us and said no rooms after giving us tons of liquor.
4	This review is ONLY for the catering and seminar rooms. I have not stayed here over night:the food was very nice, but wow, they broke it down fast, so youve gotta get seconds pretty fast if your still hungry. The seminar rooms were very nice, the seating was comfortable as well. I looked out back at the pool area, it look clean and nice and thought this might be a nice place to take the wifey for a stay-cation.
5	This is a first class hotel, resort, casino(almost) as close to Vegas Arizona has to offer. The buffet is great, rooms impressive and atmosphere decor ventilation keeps smoke to a minimum yes smoking is permitted in casino as it should be anywhere drinking is going on.
5	Great casino with an awesome happy hour!
4	2013 UPDATE: I have to admit that my entrance to this year's first weekend Release at the Talking Stick pool left a lot to be desired. I had an empty, clear insulated mug with straw (which I used several times last summer) in my bag and security confiscated it. Say what?! It's empty!!!! I asked why I wasn't allowed to bring it in and the reply was "We're not allowing any outside cups to be brought in to help regulate how much alcohol is served inside." THAT made NO sense!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was washed and empty!!! I also had a sealed 12 ounce iced tea in my bag that they would not allow in. I wasn't going to just throw it away so I stood there an chugged it, while watching the group of 8 people behind us have to stand there and chug their full drinks that they had just purchased inside the resort. GEEZE. What an unnecessarily bad entrance experience to my favorite pool! CHANGE THIS RULE!Even though it was only 10:55 AM (and the Releases are advertised to start at 11 AM), as usual, there were hardly any empty chairs available. We found a row of five chairs with towels on them and no bodies or belongings other than one small women's vitamins. NO SAVING LOUNGE CHAIRS PEOPLE!!!! The people sitting behind the chairs said that no one had been there for 1/2 hour. OH NO NO NO! I proceeded to replace the empty towels with our towels and we sat down in two of the chairs. We were there for 45 minutes when two ladies showed up wanting their seats. They said all they did was go inside and have breakfast. Nope!!! Not in my world. Bye, Bye. They left. hahaha (and that's Ms. Bitch to you, thank you very much!)Since I wasn't allowed to bring in my insulated mug, I had the waitress bring the two of us a whole tray of water. What a STUPID, NONSENSE rule!!!!!!!! Allow clear, empty insulated mugs so we don't have to order a whole tray of water to insure proper hydration.Soon some people from Chicago who were staying at the resort sat down in the remaining empty chairs. They said finding available chairs sucked and they were spending a lot of money to stay there for the weekend.People saving lounge chairs with towels (for hours) is a horrible practice done all over the world. Talking Stick needs to figure out a way to regulate it without charging all of us cover to enter.AND they need to allow empty insulated mugs inside the pool area.
1	I just returned from a 5 night stay at the talking stick.  This was by far the worst resort experience I have ever had.  I am not a gambler and stayed here for a conference and some R&R.  If you do not intend to stay in the casino the entire time, you will definitely realize the poor management and employee training throughout the facility.  The Concierge wasn't knowledgable about the Resort or the surrounding area, employees couldn't answer even the easiest questions, housekeeping was inconsistent, transportation shuttle left me stranded until 10pm in downtown Scottsdale, absolutely no service outside by the pool or lounge areas...only in the casino of course.  If you like smoky casinos and don't mind the intoxicated weekend crowd that keeps you awake and leaves bodily fluids in the hallways and elevator, this is a great place.  If you are looking for a family resort, business venue or a relaxing time, go somewhere else.
2	Man, this place sucks.  This is the second time I've gone for a friend's birthday, and it has done nothing but get worse.  Like last year, we rented a cabana for a pool day, got a room for the night, and did some gambling.  There were about 10 of us in total.  So, we got there admittedly early to check in (around noon) and were told that the room wasn't ready and that they'd call us when it was.  OK.  I asked when the room would be available, and the desk clerk said "oh, it's going to be a VERY LONG TIME.  There are a lot of reservations for this room type."  I then inquired if there were a room type that I could upgrade to that might be available (it's called an upsell- desk clerks should really try this without beiing prodded) and was told after much research that a club floor room was available for $50 more.  Hell, the room was already $160+ during low season in Scottsdale when all other hotels are kissing butt trying to get people  in their rooms- I figured why not.  So after she changes everything over, she says "oh, it's an ADA room- is that OK?"  I asked what that meant specifically, and she said "oh, it has low countertops and no bath tub."  I said "how about if you give it to me for $30 more?" and she had to go talk to her manager.  For $20.  After about 5 minutes, she comes back and says that no, the manager has refused.  Yeah, forget that.  So I checked my luggage and we went out to the pool.Since last year, they have started the typical Scottsdale DJ pool party there, which meant that the pool was packed.  i was glad that we had a cabana.  I asked the guy in front who I talked to, and after about 10 minutes he got a guy via walkie talkie to come and show us to our cabana.  He took us to an obviously occupied cabana and said "oh, some of your party must already be here."  We said that we didn't think so, and he told us to look through these peoples' stuff and see if "any of it looked familiar."  As we stared around blankly, a woman walked up and informed us that she had a reservation "she talked to so and so and they told her that she could just pick any cabana."  This caused the guy to go off to check if they did indeed have a reservation and to find us another cabana than the one that was specifically reserved for us.  After about 10 minutes, I was hot and thirsty and so I walked up to the bar to order beers.  $6 for Michelob Ultra pint.  Pretty steep.  He showed back up after about 10 more minutes and showed us to another cabana.  When we arrived, our waitress came right up and was very nice and friendly.  We didn't need anything at that point, so she left.  About a half hour later, the birthday girl came by, and we looked for said waitress.  After standing in front of our cabana for 15 minutes or so, I just went up to the bar and asked another waittress if she'd seen ours, and she informed us that our waitress had an emergency and left, and they were trying to find someone else to cover our cabana.  She said that she would send a manager over, and it's a good thing that I just bought drinks at the bar, because 20 minutes later the guy who showed us our cabana came back up and told us that they were still trying to find a waitress for our cabana.  When I said "you're killing me", he said that he'd get our drinks and took our order.  Another 20 minutes later the wrong drinks came, but we just drank them because it had been too long.We tried to book dinner at one of the restaurants (I forget the name, it's on the ground floor by the entrance to the pool) in advance LIKE WE DID LAST YEAR, but they said they no longer take reservations.  When we said it was a birthday, the response was that they have many birthdays, bachelorettes, etc. every day and so they couldn't take reservations.  We ended up leaving the pool early to go for dinner so we could get a table.  The birthday girl ordered the prime rib medium rare.  It came out gray.  All the way through- gray.   She sent it back and explained that she'd ordered it medium rare.  They brought back another one, and it was cooked exactly the same.  She gave up at that point and ordered a burger.  She said it was OK.  The rest of the food was OK- nothing more.After the entire experience fluctuating between terrible and OK, when we woke up after 4 hours of sleep, my husband and I looked at eachother and said "let's get out of here", threw our stuff in our suitcases, and ran out of there like the place was on fire.  Unfortunately, as I was waiting for him to pull the car around, I realized that I'd left my phone in the room.  I begrudgingly went back to the front desk, to the desk clerk who had just checked me out 5 minutes ago, who was also the person who'd checked me in the previous day, and explained the situation.  She said- and this was really the topper- "can I see your picture ID?"  I said "no no no no you can't see my picture ID, I WAS JUST HERE" and got my phone, and got out of there for (hopefully) the last time.
3	Las Vegas? Why?Except for the fact Talking Sticks didn't have Craps or Roulette, I really had a good time. Some friends and I went for a bachelor party. Considering we are from Los Angeles, we were pleasantly surprised with an Arizona hotel/casino in an Indian reservation. But they really need the help of Yelp because some things really didn't make sense. Details? Sure! Allow me to start with the positive elements. I really appreciated how modern the hotel and casino were. The design and architecture were unique, especially for Arizona-type structures. I especially liked the Infiniti- hallways located in the hotel hallways. They present an illusion of endless hallways! On the flip side, I thought the pool scene lacked. My biggest complaint and probably the most common is pool location. Whats up with installing the pool on the north side of the hotel? The SHADOW covers the pool at 3pm- party's over! Not to mention the music issues! The music didn't come on until about 2pm, and it was played very low. When a hotel advertises an adult pool party, I really don't see a reason kids on inflatable crocodiles are in the same pool. Move the kids to another pool, especially when they're are 3-4 pools. Want coffee? Sure you do! Who doesn't want to wake up with a fresh delicious cup of Joe? After all, this is America! Then WHY put the coffee shop down stairs tucked away in a corner? Terrible decision! Would I go back? Yes and here's why. I didn't get a chance to play the golf course.
1	They just don't get it.  I got a message from an employee there after this review telling me that her manager would like to contact me, and asking for my email address.  I thought, well this is better, they're actually taking time to reach out to me personally and try to make amends, or at least figure out what they could do differently the next time.  Then I got my form letter.  No offers to make it up to me, no real elicitation of comments, just 'we strive to blah blah blah and let us know if we can do anything to improve the experience.'  Pretty sad.  I am lowering my assessment.
4	If pigging out at casino buffets is wrong, I don't wanna be right. My favorite casino in the area, there is a really good buffet called Wandering Horse, a swanky lil piano bar, and of course, the pool club. Fun for all ages, and great for out of town visitors.  I literally had to pry my parents away from the penny slots- they just love it here. Just a couple of downfalls.  I have recently attempted to come for the breakfast buffet, but to my dismay, it ends at 1030am, and I came right around 10:37, so I was out of luck... TWICE! Grrrrrr.... Also,  the crowd can be a bit iffy sometimes. Other than that, It's all good!
4	Went there last night ad had a great time. Did some slots, people watching and even saw some friends there.  A good time was had by all.
4	Stayed there for a professional conference this past week. The rooms were very well appointed with modern furnishings. Everything looked new. I think the hotel is only three years old? Beds were comfortable and pillows were nice and firm. Lighting in the room was a little muted with all the recessed lights. All in all, I give the room 4.5 stars. Staff was very friendly and courteous from the front desk to the bartenders to the housekeeping staff. The banquet staff was also very good during our dinner and breaks during the meeting.Orange Sky was probably the highlight of my dining experience there. Located near or on the top floor, you have a great view of the sunset (hence orange sky), they had a nice jazz trio playing. Wait staff was also top notch. We had an English lady (maybe Scottish- we had some disagreement and forgot to ask her). She was very good at explaining the menu and was attentive all evening. Everyone on our table had either the rib eye, New York strip or scallops. We shared three sides- brussel sprouts, baked potato and asparagus. Overall meal and experience here was 4.5 of five stars.The only low points were the gaming area (small area for card games, and REALLY smoky) and the rest of the food. The buffet was nothing special. It's an okay deal for $14. They try to provide a variety of foods (Asian, Mexican, Mediterranean, carving table). Offerings were all average but nothing really stood out. Our banquet dinner was disappointing. I chose the pork roast. It was a HUGE serving, two pieces with a chipotle or other pepper sauce. Pork was dry, tough and lacked flavor. On a positive note, the iceberg wedge was very good. The only thing that would have made it better would have been bacon.All in all, a very positive experience. There was a huge pool party going on when I checked it but things quieted down by 6pm. Blue Coyote downstairs was interesting. Menu offered sushi, Chinese food, burgers and sandwiches. I opted for the chicken and fried rice. For around $8, it was a good deal. Tasty and a fair portion.I would recommend this place overall. The general meeting rooms as well as the breakout rooms are good. Staff and facilities are also very good. I don't know when I'll be back in Scottsdale/ Phoenix but hopefully it won't be in 108 degree weather.
4	Just returned home from a short stay at Talking Stick Resort and must write a review, it was so good!  We liked everything about this resort.  We are not gamblers, so that won't be part of our review.  The room was very comfortable and quiet, which is unusual for a casino. Security was evident, but not intrusive.  We did not eat any meals there because we are both sensitive to second hand smoke.  I highly recommend this establishment and will return the next time we are in the Valley of the Sun!
5	What is not to really like about this place?Nothing that I can see.It is a great place to come to ,if you live in the Valley, or anywhere else in the world. It is as great as any casino resort in Vegas. I think we are lucky to have it here close by.The rooms are nice, there is covered parking. Great pools, nice grounds. The Buffett is one of the nicest around.Nice place for out of town visitors to stay as well.A t in my book.
1	I planned a weekend there for a friend that is moving and had lots of people coming so you can only imagine how much money we were spending. When I arrived they gave me one king size bed for 3 of us I told them this is INCORRECT I have reserved two Queen size beds they were very rude!!!! They said we will bring you a cot for 50 bucks more?  Are you kidding me!!!!!!!!!!!! Wow never have I been treated so rude!  People were not friendly at all poor customer service, poor food down stairs in the morning for breakfast. We had a bunch of people meet us at the club 250 degrees after leaving the club at 1 to say good bye to friends could not get back up to join my party they stated that was the rule HELL there is a entire hour left before you close!  this hotel is full of it and I will never go back and I will spread the word as well!    Luggage took an hour or longer to come up the room , my refrigerator was broke took them to replace it three times to get it right. I could go on and on but totally not worth it!
1	The rooms are actually very modern and nice. I had two separate rooms for my group.  Three bay suite and a two bay suite. So why they 1 star? Its not the staff. Its the casino allowing smoking anywhere and everywhere. Its the pool party with DJ on Saturdays. If you want to see white trash at its finest, go ahead. People throwing up, cops throwing people out, people having sex in the bushes....give me a break. What a joke.
4	I came here on a business trip and I was very happy with my stay.There is smoking allowed in the casino so you can smell the smoke, but the air system must have been fixed or updated after some of these other reviews because it was not overpowering. There are air grates ALL OVER the floors of the casino.The rooms are fantastic. I had a poolside view in my room which was nice. The bathrooms are HUGE with a big bathtub, separate rainfall showerhead, and the under-counter lighting was nice to keep on to stumble into the restroom in the middle of the night and be able to see without being blinded by a harsh light.The bed was comfy and the pillows were numerous. Flat screen TVs and free wifi, although the wifi makes you authenticate CONSTANTLY which was a big pain and a big battery drain on a cellphone.The keurig coffeemaker in the room was a welcome touch although I wish I could have had a few mroe flavor choices in k-cups. Overall I am very happy with my stay, just be mindful of the $50/night incidental deposit!
3	I'm a little torn because I wanted to give Talking Stick Resort 4 stars.  We stayed here last weekend for a bachelor/bacherlotte party. The rooms are actually very nice, super modern, and clean.  We ate at the restaurant on the ground level for breakfast and it was very good and affordable! Here's my problem... We checked out and realized a hour later that some personal items were left in a drawer. We called the hotel and they told us housekeeping would take them to security.  Well, then we called security and they told us they didn't have anything. I called and spoke with the manager and she told me that housekeeping never found anything.  WTF! I guess somebody needed our clothes more than we do...
4	Stayed here for our honeymoon and it was pretty good.  All in all I am def a fan yes, but there were a few things I didn't like. We didn't have the cheapest room for once, we had the second to cheapest and it was beautiful (the Signature King). We had our own porch, keurig, modern shower, flatscreen, etc.  I was a little surprised however there was no microwave, and that the modern sliding bathroom door would slide open if you didn't push it really hard "closed" (door doesn't touch the doorframe).  I thought there would be more included for this room but all in all was very pleased with our stay.  I suggest this to people who want to have fun while at a resort but go back to a quiet stylish room with amazing pillows.
1	Room was not ready at 4:30pm, staff was rude and unhelpful, sat in a lobby of pissed people for an hour, and not one offer to make our frustration better. Poor service, smelled like smoke, and not worth the money. Wish I had known beforehand.
4	I went to Talking Stick Resort Release Pool Party last weekend for my bday! This place is pretty cool! It is open to the public for 21 and older and you get in for free. They have a huge spacious pool, with lots of seating and cabanas around the outer perimeter along the gate. Each cabana can be closed off for privacy, had bottle service and each has their own TV. They have a DJ every Saturday and Sunday, a full bar and a nice little menu to choose from if you get hungry. The Release Pool Party is from 11 to about 4, but the DJ doesn't really start until 12 or 1. We got here early so we could find a spot with shade and wanted to check things out before it got crazy. The older crowed and people who want to kind of chill were there, the crazy party people really didn't start pouring in until about 1. Literally every seat in the house was taken by 2, people are swimming, people are chit chatting, people are dancing, eating, drinking..... its basically a huge bar with a pool, its pretty cool.A few tips, make sure you bring shoes because the walk to the bathrooms and the bar are pretty long and you will burn your feet. They have servers who come around and take care of food and drink orders, but once it gets busy they take too long. So walking to the bar and standing in line is easier. Also come a little early if you want a chair in the shade, it gets hot and the sun can definitely do a number on your skin. I really wish they would invest in a few more umbrellas or at least have umbrellas that shade portions of the pool, because I definitely was burnt when I left. That was applying sunscreen at least once an hour too!Overall the prices for drinks and food aren't bad, what you would expect from a casino or bar, the DJ's are pretty cool and the atmosphere is fun! It's a good time to be had!
1	Awful! Rude employees, smokey as all get-up, and just because it's newer does NOT mean it's nice. Couldn't be further than a "Vegas Casino". I will NEVER go back in a million years.
4	Stayed there last night and had a great time. The room was extremely nice, I am jealous that it's not how my room at home is. Very new, clean and comfortable. Amazing bathroom with waterfall shower. The lighting in the room was great too. I had a nice view of the pool and the south course behind. My only complaint is I had no idea how to call the front desk with the nice new phone system they had. Also, what ever happened to bathroom doors that actually shut so there is a little privacy? This sliding doors don't make any sort of a seal and don't give much privacy.I love how the pool and hot tub area is open 24/7 and they give you complimentary water rather than the usual $5 bottles at most places. Nice little touches.I look forward to going back some time soon. The cigar lounge downstairs is fun. Orange Sky, the restaurant upstairs is very good. I never win at gambling so I won't comment on the tight slot machines ;)
5	I love Talking Stick. It's not only is it really close to where we live, but it's really new and clean. The hotel is really nice, we've staycationed here many times and loved it. The rooms have great views and they are really modern and nice. The pool is also really fun and usually gets pretty rowdy but it's big enough that it's not annoying or anything. Also...Ocean Trail is here which is definitely a plus! The only downside to Talking Stick is that the drinks aren't free when you're gambling (except in the high rollers room) but I can look past that. It's also a good size, not too huge but also not too small. It's a cheap cab ride to Old Town too. This is a great place to come for birthdays or pool parties or even NYE. By FAR the best casino in the area. Get a player's card!
5	We flew in from CA to attend the B-52 and Go-Go's concert. We arrived and were immediately checked in by the most pleasant young woman. We made our way to our room and were pleasantly surprised at how spacious it was. Lovely decor, comfortable bed, good lighting and super CLEAN!  Everything we look for and at just a little over $100/night with AAA discount. Our entire stay was great and we plan to return.
5	Stick Got Home From Our Mini Vaca At Talking STick, Absolutely Wonderful Time, It Was Great, Service Food Machines Room Everything Was Just Will Definitely Be Back!!
3	Nice, clean, large casino. There's lots of parking with several people driving golf carts if you don't want to walk. There's a ton of slot machines, several poker and blackjack tables, and some roulette tables. There's also a few restaurants inside and a bar if you get hungry/thirsty.Not bad. I would go back.
5	Paul Wrtight, former European Tour Champion and I, enjoyed the FABULOUS Seafood Buffet at Talking Stick this past Saturday evening. Without question, THEE FINEST Seafood Buffet I've ever experienced. The Crab Legs were so fresh, they actually had a sweet taste to them, the Lobster Tails were swimming in melted butter, the Corn-On-The-Cob was DELICIOUS, the same for the Shrimp, Mussels and Oysters. Martin, our server, was EXCELLENT, attending to our every need.DO NOT MISS THE SEAFOOD BUFFET AT TAKING STICK.
1	A friend of mine works at Talking Stick Resort, she has been there since day 1, she helped open the resort five years ago.  She invited me to fly down to from Chicago to Arizona for a two day Staycation at the resort with her. We planning on visiting their famous Orange Sky restaurant, day of swimming and massages.  Unfortunately, Talking Stick Resort does not offer their own employees any discounts on rooms, or their amenities.  This is deeply disappointing.  Don't they realize the best advertising for people who are visiting their resort  is word of mouth by employees.  How can an employee recommend a restaurant, golfing, a spa treatment, or even give advise on what the rooms look like if they have no idea themselves.  I worked at 4 Diamond resort in Chicago and they offered their employees many discounts.  This was their way of thanking the employees for their hard work, as well as providing them with the information, tools and knowledge of what their property had to offer. I also worked for a travel agency, which flew me to all of their properties so I could have an idea of all the amenities each property had to offer.  This is basic travel industry 101.   I am deeply disappointed that a company would not offer room discounts to its own employees.  I don't think I will be visiting this resort during my trip to Scottsdale.
5	Best place in the valley when it comes to gambling! Just as good as any Casino In Las Vegas. They have a huge poker room, lots of BlackJack tables, multiple  roulette machines, a craps machine and countless Slot Machines. Every time I have gone it has been very clean and the dealers have been extremely nice. I have been to many of the Casinos in the valley and Talking Stick has been my favorite!
5	The buffet at Talking Stick resort puts other buffets to shame. The food is always fresh and of great quality. There's always an assortment of cheeses and meats. Different international themes ranging from Asian to Mexican to Italian foodsThe desert bar is exceptional boasting everything from gelato to various pies and cakes. The service is always great- and like any true casino has Keno available. We spend many special occasions at this buffet.
4	I should clarify I don't go to casinos for the casino, I'm not much of a gambler...I usually mosey into these places for breakfast buffets, shows or pool parties!  The Talking Stick is definitely one of the nicer casinos in the area.  My one complaint about the pool is due to it being East of the Hotel/Casino you don't really get to enjoy the sunset from the pool.  The Saturday morning buffet at the Wandering Horse is amazing for $12 you can gorge yourself with all kinds of wonderful food!  Another thing to note, if you are gambling drinks are not free...some of my buddies were complaining about that once.  I still have yet to try their fine dining restaurant Orange Sky, but I have heard it is delicious with great views.  It is definitely on my 'to do' list.  The penthouse bar on the top floor is hit or miss; the view is great but sometimes it is not exactly hopping.  I recommend going after a show or an event.
4	This review is of the Release pool party on weekends.Pool parties in Phoenix during the summer is one of the best ways to beat the heat, and enjoy daytime. The Release pool party accomplishes that by having a large resort pool to lounge in, plenty of chairs, and for the most part, somewhat attentive servers. It takes place between 11am to 6pm but the actual shenanigans is between 1pm to 5pm when a live dj plays the crowd. It actually bothers me that they don't play music prior to 1pm and they don't keep the music playing until after 5pm. It just seems so abrupt for the music to end when you can see the crowd is having a lot of fun. good things to know, you can't purchase a bucket of beer by yourself, you and your friend can (they adhere to the two drink max/person rule per AZ law). Or, to get around the rule, order from a server. Champagne bottles cannot be sold over the bar unless you have bottle service or you order through a server. Beer buckets (4 per bucket) run around $23 incl. tax regardless of brand. Bottled water is free. Been to the pool party twice and plan to go again before the season ends. It's a chill pool party, with a good mix of peoples. There are hot boys and girls, the non-model types, and people who are comfortable in their own skin. not a lot of douchebaggery, and everyone is not pretentious. Last time I was here, we found out we can move chairs/furniture around as long as there's space for a wheelchair to pass, and if there are any umbrellas laying around, they're free for all, just ask security to move it for you. overall a good pool party spot, oh and Saturdays is the best day to go, far larger crowd. =)
4	Came for the weekend pool party which was good, pretty fun, age group a little younger than Vegas pool parties as were mid 40 plus. Room was very nice, food and drink were excellent and priced fairly.
1	This review is for the Hotel side of TSR. Basic run down: 12 guest , 3 nights, with 3 different rooms including a couple deluxe king rooms and 1 2-Bay Suite. I would highly recommend staying as far away from this hotel as possible. Unless, a completely incompetent hotel staff, security crew, and housekeeping is your thing for the everyday value of $498.17 per night for their 2-star accommodations. Upon checking out of the hotel I was presented with a bill and quickly noticed a $300.00 charge for "smoking in the room." This is when I almost lost it and demanded to speak to a manager. Conveniently, a manager was unavailable and due to the fact we had a plane to catch we had to leave. I was given a card for Catherine Davids (Assistant Front Office Manager) and contacted her when we arrived back home. Upon talking to her I was informed that security had went through our room one night when the 4 guys occupying the room (it is noted in the hotels manifest that the 4 names listed for the room were not present) and they documented cigars and cigarettes on the balcony as well as packs of cigars and cigarettes inside the room. My response went something like this: A) Why the hell is security going though my room and taking pictures? B) Who gave them permission to enter my room when we were not even on resort property? C) Why am I being charged a fee for smoking on a balcony outside when the entire resort and casino is a giant ball of smoke? Catherine's response, "Our policy is that you are not allowed to smoke anywhere within the hotel including the balcony." I respond, "Maam we were on the balcony smoking." Catherine's response, "I don't care if you were on the balcony smoking, you are going to accessed the fee and that is that." In disbelief I asked to talk to her superior and was told it would not do me any good.I than proceed to ask her why our room was never cleaned and she responds with this: "First you call complaining about the smoking fee now you are complaining about your room not being taken care of. I'm sorry sir but I seem to be a little confused on what exactly you are trying to get at. The smoking fee will not be removed and that is final."  My response: "We just spent 3 nights with you and well over $25k collectively between the 12 of us on gambling, food, drinks, golfing, and accommodations and this how you treat your guests? I can promise you one thing I will never be back to this resort and will never recommend it to anyone." She than says: "I don't have to listen to this and hangs up the phone."The service on the casino floor was spectacular as well as the restaurants and pool area. However, the service received from the hotel was nothing short of a complete joke and it is quite obvious their so called front office staff needs to take some serious customer service pointers from LV resorts or this place won't be around much longer. NEVER AGAIN WILL TALKING STICK RESORT RECEIVE ANY FUTURE BUSINESS FROM EITHER MYSELF OR ANYONE THAT EVER MENTIONS THEIR NAME I COME INTO CONTACT WITH.I could go on, but it's just leaving an even sourer taste in my mouth. GO FOR THE GAMBLING AND FOOD BUT DON'T HESITATE TO WALK ACROSS THE STREET AND STAY AT ANOTHER PLACE IF YOU HAVE TO SLEEP
3	One of my favorite yelpers already said it, but now I will too despite ever been to Atlantic City. As a casino this place is a gloom miasma of sadness. I don't compare it to other casinos on sovereign soil, due to my active avoidance of stated establishments, but I can recognize unhealthy behavior of disinhibition when I see it. It's always the same smell too, and I don't know if it is tobacco or hopelessness that gives off the worse stank. The slovenly patrons that voluntarily and yet with instant regret feed machines that reward the patron and the immediate environment with psychologically precise combination of mind numbing flashes of light and candy sweet sounds of virtually designed incentive.Is it etiquette to avoid showers while being an active gambler? Does one have to treat one's body like a Mr. Fusion Home Energy Reactor that is installed on a DeLorean DMC-12 in the Future? (Yes, Back to the Future reference)I was here for a concert, and the concert hall is not meant for this kind of venue. The acoustic isn't good, and there are objects that disrupt the visual stimuli for which monies have been exchanged for the pleasure to both hear and see some kind of entertaining modern court jester. I will not actively avoid this place, but I have no direct desire to go back either. The prices of drinks are pushing the limits for the content and ingenuity, and the quality of people certainly does not make up for the difference.
5	I treated the husband for a birthday staycation this weekend. The staff was great from all angles. We got picked up in the parking lot by the golf cart driver to bring us to the lobby. The front desk had a seamless and simple check-in. The concierge was very helpful in answering my questions regarding transportation options into Old Town (I didn't want to worry about having some cocktails and driving back). Of note: their towncars will drop you off anywhere in Old Town for $21. Their rooms are so pretty-I really love the simple, modern, sleek style. We didn't get to take advantage of the Release Pool Party this time around as it was raining, but it's free for hotel guests. Nice views of the desert too from our room.
5	the rooms here are so beautiful and nice. the sheets are crisp and clean and the room itself was just so spacious. the bathrooms are so modern but the sliding door that doesn't close completely could lead to some embarrasing  bathroom moments if you're not completely comfortable with your hotel mate!our room overlooked the east valley mountains and the party pool below. but the party stops around 5pm so no need to worry about that noise. what i go totally annoyed with was the hallway noise. it's like the wall is suddenly made of paper. from midnight to 3am, drunkards kept us awake yelling and hollering as they made their way back to their rooms. it's completely annoying and today i am exhausted from only a few hours of sleep. it would have been so nice to have a restful night sleep on their uber comfortable beds. i understand it's a casino and a party scene, but i've slept in quieter rooms on the strip in vegas. the place gets 5 stars for it's design beauty and because my wife put so much effort in my birthday weekend. 2 stars for so much NOISE!
3	I came here for the pool party, and got to walk through the casino and see that there are quite a few ways one could certainly entertain themselves here. I know that they also have a spa as well. The pool party was fun, and reminded me of what MTV spring break bashes on tv would be like in Phoenix. We chipped in for a cabana and I'm not really sure if we really needed one. Our dedicated waitress took a while to bring back our drinks and food as the bar area was quite far from where we were and where the pool was at. The food was terrible. The complimentary fruit was frozen and seemed kind of rotten after thawing and the guacamole and sals was really salty and probably one of the worst I've had. I never thought anyone could make it wrong or bad, but it was. My po' boy sandwich was as equally terrible I forced myself to pick through the shrimp and eat it just so I wouldn't drink on an empty stomach. The drinks were tasty, but didn't seem to be very strong. It was nice to relax in the pool and I liked the misting sprays that were attached to the cabana. I'd come back for the pool, but pass on the cabanas.
2	We saw Jim Gaffingan here in July. As a casino or a night out, I would never come to this establishment again. If you have to see a show here, eat first! The options for food are very limited in the casino and everyone is smoking cigarettes. yuck. I don't mind smoke unless... I'm eating. We decided to eat there just because we ran out of time and man was I disappointed. Everything else was so busy, because they are obviously not prepared for the Gaffigan crowd, so we settled on the Black Fig, which was called an "upscale bistro", sounds trendy- maybe the food is interesting. The prices weren't bad but they had sandwiches, salads, & pepperoni pizza. I don't think any of the other restaurants are much better either besides Orange Sky but that's another Yelp review in itself. I'm pretty sure I had a Totino's pizza from the freezer that night at an "upscale bistro" on date night at what's supposed to be a fancy casino, or so I thought. Oh, and by the way there was no seating once we finally got our food. We ended up sitting cramped on a "built in poker" bar next to a chain smoking old woman. If people are dressing up to come to your casino, you need to deliver something better!
4	the tables are packed!   and the louge and club upstairs are fun!
3	Slots are very tight but blackjack tables are plentiful. Beautiful place lots of parking with shuttle. The buffet has a wonderful selection and most of what I tried was good. Drink service very slow if at all in slots. Like lone butte better.
5	We had a destination wedding at Talking Stick and everything was amazing. The restaurants at the resort were plentiful and delicious, our room views were fantastic, the pool was filled with fun. My rehearsal dinner dress was ruined by an iron in our room and the front desk was very responsive and did their best to rectify the situation.The casino is great, but if you have no interest in gambling the casino vibe is easily avoided.I can't recommend this resort enough and would be glad to return.
4	For Arizona, this is the best casino. Orange sky is a great experience, excellent food and service and magnificent views. The buffet is $20 all you can eat and is good sometimes and sometimes not. Not consistent. The casino is small, way too many video games. I agree with Georgi's review that they need to work on the air purification system. Was there the other day and my clothes stunk after half an hour. This could be a top casino but some work is needed
3	From out of state and wanted a resort. The main focus here is the casino. It is disappointing that it is a smoking environment. It was clean but I didn't feel welcome. The room was modern and beautiful. I loved the contemporary design of the bathroom. The shower head was really unique.The bed was really comfortable. Only I wish I had a  soft feather pillow. I just found it unusual that the security guards made it a cold unwelcoming environment. There should be numerous ways to enter and exit the hotel.
1	As an anniversary gift for our 2 year anniversary, my parents booked my husband and I a room at Talking Stick. I have been to the spa multiple times and was excited to make a weekend out of it. We made reservations at the spa, as well as at Orange Sky for our anniversary dinner. Unfortunately, neither my parents or myself realized that while my mom had used her credit card to secure the room, the card had not actually been charged yet. Once we tried to check in, we were told that the hotel would need a signed authorization form from my mom to process payment. Well...that would not have been a huge deal but for the fact that my parents had headed up north for the weekend with no access to email or fax. Ok, no problem right? What are the other options?Well we could use our own credit card. As luck would have it, my credit card has my maiden name on it. Yes it is ridiculous that two years later, I have not ordered a new card. I get that. But in 2 years it has literally not once been a problem. So the situation is certainly deteriorating. The name on my card matches the name on a bunch of other cards in my wallet but not my license. So the manager says she under no circumstances can take my card or my mom's card. How about cash? Seriously, how about we pay for the ENTIRE 500$ room charge in cash? Well, if we want to pay in cash, then instead of the regular 50$ deposit for incidentals, Talking Stick requires another $500.00. Absolutely absurd and I clearly do not have 1,000 dollars in cash. So my mom is on the phone, I'm starting to lose my marbles, and yet still, this resort will not budge on any policy to help us remedy this unfortunate situation. We cant use my mom's card, she cannot come in the following day, upon her return, to authorize, we can't use the card we have due to my maiden name, and we can't pay in cash. So sadly, we turned around, got our car, and headed back home. Now, I am not trying to be unreasonable and I absolutely understand the motivation behind each one of these policies. I really do. However there are times when flexibility will benefit the business far more than staunch adherence to strict policies. I feel that this is one of those times. I am sure that these policies have saved Talking Stick from being left holding the bag on certain occasions. But does it make up for this situation? My whole family goes to Talking Stick a few times a year. My mom, sisters, and I go to the spa regularly for girl bonding time. Both of my sisters have taken multiple weekend getaways at the resort with their spouses and friends. We have all given and received Talking Stick gift cards for various holidays. But after my anniversary was such a disaster,  none of us will go again simply due to the complete lack of understanding, and inability to apply any principles of empathy to their policies. So, yeah, I am saying that they should have made the exception. Even though the situation was partially my fault and their policies are their policies, an establishment with superior customer service would have taken pity on the now crying lady in the lobby and worked something out. Incidentally, the resort with just that kind of customer service was The Boulders, the resort we ended up at and are thankful we did because the service was great, and no one made me cry.
1	Hate to do this, the week started out good but as the days went along the service was horrid. I went here with high hopes of spending some great time at the pool and relaxing. The only thing harder then getting service at the pool is trying to get the front desk to respond to you needs. If you are looking for a resort experience don't come here. Smokey casino should be the advertised features of the place.  Every hand in the place is looking for a tip and will force you to feel uncomfortable if you don't bend them a tip. Then on check out I find a 10 fee for using the bell men and a 3 dollar a day maid tipping fee. I had tipped the bellmen and the maid generously already. This place advertises the best pool in Phoenix then the close the thing for three days of my stay for an event that was booked after I planned my trip.Won't go back to this place ever. It's a ripoff dump with crappy attitude.
1	Like most 'casinos', this one does not care about you, in anyway, shape or form... You are a dollar sign to it. I was asked to leave its poker room, but only after i accepted playing with regulars for over 6 hours, and only after i was down.They do not care how you get home, only that you get off of their property. They put me in a 'car' that did not have a meter, and the 'driver' kicked me out in the middle of nowhere because I would not show him my 'Money'. Not quality... will never return.
1	Rooms are beautiful.  The a/c in both the rooms I was in made high pitch noise that made hard to sleep.  The second night I turned the a/c down really low, then turned it off so I didn't have to hear it.  The first room I was in the a/c was not working correctly.  I called to the front desk and a very nice man came to my room at 12:38 am....he left and came back with a drill.  In the morning it was 59 degrees in my room.... I was freezing.  I was so sleepy from not resting well.  I spoke to the manager Paul that day and ask that my room be comped.  He said that nothing was wrong with the a/c, that the man fixed nothing when he was in the room, that the thermostat was set incorrectly.  I told Paul that I am 36 years old and I know how to work a thermostat.... he said "Thank you so much for that information Ms."  To say he was  condensing  is a understatement.  offer 20% off room the first night.  The third night I had to call security 3 times because the room next room was having some amazing sexy time.  I was there for work and needed to sleep.  Security said they couldn't hear anything so didn't do anything about it.  When I checked out of the hotel the next day I spoke to a different manager who said the was no record that I called security...... like I was making it up.   I stay at hotels about every two weeks for work.  I have never had been treated the way I was treated at a hotel.  I will NEVER stay there again.  If I go to this event for work again I will stay at the Hampton Inn next door and walk over to the event.  I also was "carded" to go up to my room.  This place is awful and not worth the money.$50 a day is held on your card for "incidentals."   There not even a mini bar in the room..... towels?  I'm not sure what I could "incidental."  I valeted and then I left for a little while the second day the turbo button was on, that can only come on by reaching all the way to the right of the dash board..... so it's not like someone could push it by accident.   Evidence would show that someone was having some fun in my car..... but like the fact that I called security 3 times.... I had no proof.This is NOT a 4 or 5 star hotel.    Terrible experience and they totally didn't care. I did enjoy the Ocean restaurant there, and the bathtub..... pass on the rest.
5	I had a thouroughly enjoyable time at my visit to this resort. The casino was a first rate affair, the best i have seen anywhere in the valley. The amphitheatre is also a very nice place to see a show, very intimate setting, good acoustics, good sight lines, everyone was extremely pleasant and helpful, they shuttle You from the parking lot to the building, which I thought was a very nice touch as well. I would highly recommend this resort whether for a stay, or just to have some fun at the casino or see a show.
3	For what it's worth a decent place to donate money or as some call it gambling.
4	This is our go to place for summer staycations. My husband likes to play poker and I like to play slots once in a while and this fills both our needs. The buffet is pretty good, not quite the same standards as Vegas but good for az. The rooms are always clean and have a modern decor. The complaint that I don't like about the rooms is that they are not very well insulated, every time we stay here we have crazy noisy neighbors and you can hear every word they are saying, every time some opens and shuts the door.. Guess what you can hear it. Oh well we don't really have anything else like it in scottsdale so we will prob keep coming back here for cheap staycations
5	We like coming here. We aren't the ideal patrons as we don't gamble much. The Orange Sky is a great restaurant. You need to be prepared to pay but it is worth it if your budget allows: great martinis, excellent wine list, good oysters, great steaks. Afterward you can go to an outside bar and have a cigar accompanied with excellent whiskey. Good music in the bar.  Very attractive place. Plenty of parking though valets normally handle it if you want.
4	Four stars for the comfort of the room!  I especially enjoyed the spacious and somewhat unique bathroom.  Furniture and bed seemed fairly new and well kept, and we had a nice view of the pool from our window.  As for the Casino, it was alright.  This resort had pretty much everything.  Cafe, casino, nice restaurants, Indian art displays, etc.  I enjoyed my stay and will hopefully be back.
5	Played poker and ate wonton soup, hummus, and spring roll! Awesome!
5	Best casino in AZ!!! The atmosphere is very diverse and upbeat. They basically have all you need for a weekend full of fun. Multiple gambling rooms, a nightclub, gift shopping boutique, restaurants, beautiful pool, hotel accommodation,valet parking, bars, bars and more bars. It's like a mini Vegas!!! Everyone is super nice and full of energy. Every now and then they will have live music. I absolutely love this casino and would recommend it to anyone who visits Arizona.
4	It's all about the views.  The views from every floor.  The views in every direction.  I lay in my bed on the 7th floor and kept waking to check the changing views as the night progressed into morning.  The most spectacular views were from the Orange Sky restaurant at the top.  The rooms were very GQ.  The beds extremely comfortable.  We splurged on breakfast in bed.  It was great and cheaper than we thought.  The bowl of fruit was my favorite.  We also took advantage of the Spa and Orange Sky experiences for our special birthday weekend.  We didn't play golf but the course looked fantastic.  The downside - the casino.  No one was winning anything and people were smoking all around me.
1	I was disappointed with booking a room here & attempting to check in was ridiculous after a long days journey. Beautiful place otherwise but stay the night somewhere else.
5	We spent our 25th wedding anniversary here last year.  We were originally put in a room, facing the 101 fwy., but a quick call, asking if there was something on the other side, facing the mountains, and my request was met immediately.  A bell-boy came up to the original room, with the new keys, and we moved to a beautiful room, with pretty views.I just have to say:  I loved the bathroom!  I loved the towels!!  They were the most wonderful towels that I have ever used!!  (If Talking Stick would just let me know how to get some of those, I would be a happy camper)We ate dinner, at the Wandering Horse Buffet, and had brought our own champagne, for later in the room (hey, it was our anniversary!!).A very nice resort, and a lovely way to spend our anniversary!UPDATE:We celebrated our 26th wedding anniversary, this past Sunday (12-1) by having dinner at the Wandering Horse Buffet.  The online price for a Sunday, is approximately $20 (for some reason, their sign outside the restaurant shows $27 - an update please..).. and if your goal is to gain 10 pounds in one night, this is your place!!   Even though I eat pretty healthy things (no red meat, or fattening soups/dressings) - I still literally bloat out from all the fish, shrimp, vegetables, salads (artichoke hearts, olive medley).  Oh, I am gaining weight again, just thinking about it!!!They include soda, tea, or coffee in the price of the buffet, and they serve Peet's Coffee, which is just the best coffee I've had.  If I could figure out how they make it (filtered water?  more coffee -less water?), I would be strictly buying Peet's from now on!
3	My wife surprised me with a night here, and I will say that the rooms are well worth the money.  Very nicely done.  Tastefully decorated and more than enough space.  And then, there's the rest of the experience.  I hate feeling like I've got to hold onto my wallet the entire time, and that's the vibe at Talking Stick.  It seems like their only goal is to suck as much money out of you as humanly possible.  If they could get away with having a pay-per-flush toilet in your room, they would install them this afternoon.  C'mon, people.  We go to casinos to have a good time.  For me, that means the staff should smile once in a while - and mean it.  I want to feel like you appreciate my business, not like you can't wait for me to drop a bunch of cash and leave.  Meh.  I may go back, I may not.  I'd recommend the rooms to someone, but I'd definitely warn them about my experience.
4	I feel like the stick is always talking me into stopping by this place - wait it might be my gambling addiction! Whatever the case may be this is by far one of the best hotel and casino I've been to all over Arizona. Located on the east side of the 101-N This Four-Diamond Scottsdale resort attracts people with there immaculate beauty and service.You can savor the flavors and take in the panoramic views from the Orange sky restaurant which is located on the 15th floor. Not sure about the weekdays but on the weekends they have a live Jazz band that plays.They have over 240,000 square feet of casino games - from; slot machines, poker, table games and keno. You can catch me on the electronic roulette table - Some reason i tent to triple my money.Tip: If you don't want to pay the high prices for a cocktail - Head down to the lower level of the casino and buy your drinks! They have $5.00 strong margaritas! Note: Great place to escape for a StayCation!KCYE
4	Its a really nice resort with great resturants.  A good local vegas fix when you need it.
4	Stopped in with my family to gamble for a little bit during Christmas . I played some black jack. The dealers were friendly and most of them were even pretty funny! One round of drinks were comped just because it was Christmas... That was pretty cool. They had a good amount of 10 dollar tables which was good for me bc I enjoy gambling as a once in a while type thing ... So when I play I don't like to go too big. I also heard from my uncle that they have the best gumbo in town!
4	Wow, nice buffet!Where can you get tender, properly seasoned, all you can eat steak for $21 per person?  Talking Stick.  Yes, it's a casino and all, but if you go to the buffet, you're not taking chances--you're guaranteed a good meal.  I got a mound of perfect little steaks, fried calamari, pork rolls, chicken chow mein, steak fries, and 4 chocolate chip cookies.  I was stuffed.  My wife was equally pleased.If you want to gamble out on the smoky floors, go ahead.  I put $70 into the machines and walked away with about half that.  From this point, I'm coming here mainly for the food.  Many restaurants will charge you this much for food inferior to this.  At Talking Stick, you get great quality, great tasting grub that seems to have been made with care.  Absolutely recommended dining.  Great place for a dinner date with the spouse.  Next time, we're bringing our daughter. . .
1	Went for dinner and after walking through the Casino to look at a couple of menus, my girlfriend and I were so put off by the stench of cigarettes, we left.  Won't go back.
3	At one time this was a jewel in the desert. It was almost a high-roller destination there on Indian Bend just East of Scottsdale. But recently I've noticed the service starting to suck (waiting half an hour for drinks at the Shadows bar when they weren't even really that busy), when the drinks arrive they're small and wrong in some way (a friend noticed his bourbon had the distinct taste of having been poured from an open container), and you pay far too much for them considering this place makes its real money from gambling revenue. Not really a Saturday-night destination anymore.
5	We, three, went to check out the Stick that's been Talking and come to find out, it does have a lot to say.  We sat in the Shadow jazzing it up with some wine, good music, and dancing.  It was a mature scene with a good blend of friendly faces. The atmosphere was smooth and cool.  No bad attitude present. The spot is a large open space that is enough to handle many people without it feeling like a club.  Talking Stick speaks loud and clear about the variety of good times that it offers and, as for us we rather stay in the Shadow.
5	This is THE casino in Arizona. If you don't like it here, then your next stop up is probably Caesar's Palace. This is a crown jewel in Scottsdale.Buffet, lots of new and old slots, tables, 3 roulette (electronic) tables, bars, drinks, fast service and loose slots.Dancing downstairs, a nice club, a beautiful resort, and they are always hosting events.Walked out of here a winner more than any other casino I've been too.
4	Enjoyed the evening playing blackjack at this casino.  It's one of the nicest I've seen, and I've been to a lot of Indian casinos as part of my work.  If you like casinos and resorts, I recommend this one.
5	This review is just for the buffet and to let you know that it is really, really good!I think it's the best I've ever been to.  Huge variety - Chinese, Mexican, Italian, great salad bar, breads, soups, several meats at the carving station, breakfast foods, beautiful cheese-fruit-cracker display, and in the center is all about the desserts - Wow! Everything from pies, cheesecake, cookies, cute little presentable puddings and really good ice cream (about 12 flavors) Delicious.  We did the Sunday brunch this past weekend and it included crab legs, shrimp, oysters on the half shell and a little bit of sushi.  The price for Sunday brunch ($27/each) also includes Mimosas and Bloody Mary's - remember it's all you can eat and drink.  The buffet is much cheaper outside of Sunday brunch.There is something for everybody and the service is great too.  Can't go wrong here.  You will waddle out of there.
4	The casino: I used to live 5 minutes away from this resort. Coming here would make me feel like I was on vacation! The casino is large and the staff is very nice. The layout of the resort is enjoyable...it's a fun resort to walk around and explore. The bar setup is great. They had a live band by the bar when I went which was very enjoyable. The cigar lounge: came here right before closing time. It was relaxing but nothing special.
1	Horrible service! Was at pool with bad servers that took for ever to get food and drinks they were not very friendly but thebar tender was cool. Bad service at the tables. Just tried getting water and it took over an hour. Tried getting food at Black Fig and sat in line behind about 4 people for it to take 30 minutes to get to cash register then took about 40 minutes to get food. I had two orders of food and after I got it the hot wings were cold. Employees are slow and just stand around in most of the areas. Not a fan of this place and I won't be back.
1	My husband and I were excited to celebrate our first wedding anniversary with a romantic weekend get away. After researching many hotels and resorts throughout the valley we decided to book our stay at the Talking Stick Resort. It seemed to offer a variety of amenities such as luxurious modern decor, enchanting scenic views and fine dining options at a fair price. Upon booking I mentioned that it was a very special occasion and requested a room with a view and late check out (which is 12pm, FYI).Overall we were very excited about our visit. However, I just intuitively felt like something was off. I called the day before our stay to confirm everything was in order. Again, I mentioned we were celebrating our anniversary and requested a room with a view and "late" check-out. The associate assured me that these requests were noted. Also, I had inquired about the $50 incidental fee and whether cash was accepted. She again assured me I could pay the $50 holding fee in cash. The following day my husband and I arrived at the resort ready for some romantic relaxation. Unfortunately we would have no such luck. It was horrid from the moment we were greeted at the front desk. The first woman who assisted us was not welcoming at all. She had difficulty locating our reservation. After 5 awkward minutes she located our booking but no special requests were noted (special requests which I had confirmed with 2 other employees).When it was time to pay the incidental fee I presented $50 cash. "That'll be $500 per night if you pay cash for the incidental fee," she barked at us. I explained we had talked to someone who approved our method of payment. $500 was never mentioned. She proceeded to become argumentative, "who did you speak to? Unless you remember their name I really can't help you." Wow, thanks for the warm welcome. We decided to put the hold on our credit card but of course there was an issue with that, too. The associate was unapologetic and could not answer any of our questions. She couldn't even tell me where an ATM was located! We were denied further assistance and had to leave the property to find a nearby bank. Nothing spells romance like being turned away. When we returned to the resort we made our second attempt to check-in which went only slightly better than round one. Thankfully we were assisted by another associate. However, she still had issues finding our reservation and swiping our credit cards. Again, no hospitable greeting or congratulations on our special occasion. We made a FOURTH request for a high floor, nice view and late check-out. She seemed like a new hire as she was constantly pulling her manager in to help her process every little thing. The check in process took literally 30 minutes, not including our first 30 minute check-in attempt and driving around aimlessly. When we finally arrived at our room we were disappointed. The decor was sleek and clean but we were only on the second floor. The romantic view we requested was hilarious. Our balcony overlooked the golf course landscaping shed with construction equipment and... can you guess what else? A dumpster! A dumpster was literally the focal point of our view. We could literally see a freaking dumpster from our bed.At this point we were so drained from dealing with the incompetent front desk personnel we decided it wasn't worth the battle to change rooms. Most people would complain but it didn't seem worth the gamble. They would have probably moved us to some cigarette smoke filled dungeon facing the parking lot port-a-potties. We were forced to drink our champagne and make do with the unique view. Fast forward, my husband and I were making the best of our visit. We were leisurely getting our belongs ready for "late" check-out at 12pm. Around 11:30 we were interrupted by a hard knock on the door. Who could it be? Oh, just a rude staff member asking us why we haven't left yet. "Check out is at 11am!" We made a simple request four times, each staff member confirming our wish would be granted. Unfortunately all four associates had lied because our requests went utterly unrecognized. It's actually kind of funny in a sick way... We couldn't have been happier to go. Overall, the resort itself is alright but the staff are horribly disorganized and rude. This is not a customer oriented establishment. I am extremely disappointed and feel cheated out of a substantial amount of money. I am heart broken that I celebrated such a special mile stone at such a miserable place. I will never visit the Talking Stick again. I will urge everyone I know to avoid this place like the plague. Save yourself a headache and stay somewhere else!
4	NOT VERY IMAGINATIVE but the people are very nice and if you like to gamble its the right place
4	When I am in Arizona, its usually because I am there for a Dodger game. With my busy day at Camelback Ranch, one of my supervisors had suggested going to a casino in Scottsdale. I wasn't aware there was one and should have visited before. Glad I found one of the luxurious casinos in Arizona called Talking Stick.At the hotel I was staying, there were pamphlets for Harrah's AK-Chin and Talking Sticks. When I saw Talking Sticks, I had to pay a visit and try out my luck. I had arrived on a Thursday Evening and it was crowded. I had realized when I got back to work that Nascar was in town when I paid a visit. Thus, explains why the huge parking lot still seemed small. As I mentioned, the parking lot is huge! Walking to the casino is very easy. Lots of lights and paved pathways to the casino. Plenty of parking for small cars to huge RVs. I wasn't sure if I was walking to a casino or I was going to work at night. Valet areas are elegant and the entrances are just as magnificent.I walked in and it was loud. Machines ringing, people shouting, and lot of music playing. There is a huge poker room with lots of people throwing money on the table. I wasn't able to dine at Talking Sticks since I was busy gambling. There are a lot of servers going around making sure you are good and spending more $$$$. You'll find Blackjack, Poker tables, and many different denominations of slot machines. I even made sure I signed up for the Player Rewards Club. I was hoping to get a free buffet one day :)Talking Sticks was a very high class casino and probably is and was a better option than Harrah's AK-Chin. I had a nice chat with a girl that was next to me, but I wish I hadn't left my chair to get more money and she was gone. I wasn't sure if she was Lady Luck or just me pretending I was talking to someone. I didn't win at the casinos, but I did have a fun experience. I hope to get some freebies from Talking Stick when I come back.Do you think I write too much? Well, you can call me a Yelp-O-Holic!
3	I didnt spend a lot of time here unfortunately, but the time I did spend was a good time. It is clean, well kept, the staff seems nice, and unlike vegas, not clouded with smoke.I will come back to spend more time...and money...here when I come back to AZ.
4	everything you could ever want...  The rooms are very nice everything is new! The Pools are amazing! The kiddie Pool was our Favorite. CasinoSpaShopping Food court Room service Short drive to shopping centers & fast food places. One downside is having to walk through the casino with the little ones. I didn't like that! I hate being around smokers or having my kids be around it! We minimized the walking in/out of there.
3	Great rooms with high-end design and great views.  Good pool.  Service is a little slow and not that friendly.  Casino is a little smokey at times.  And the casino doesn't give you free drinks while you gamble?  Never heard of this before for a casino not to offer free drinks while gambling.  Room and pool I give it 3-4 stars.  But for gambling at Casino I give it 2 stars.  Not enough human interaction with playing different games.
4	pretty nice resort in the middle of the desert lol nice amenities a pavilions (mall) near by close to phoenix/101 loop has a spa a buffet casino
5	Buffet is excellent! I don't like buffets because I feel like quality is sacrificed for quantity. However, this place is great! The food is decent and the ambience is unlike most casino buffets. The outside patio seating is recommended.
2	***This review is for the casino - not the hotel.***We decided to gamble and the lowest black jack table is $10. Then we order drinks while sitting at the table and the waitress doesn't mention that the drinks have a fee. She comes back and wants $25 for 3 drinks! I have NEVER heard of a casino that charges you to drink while you gamble and doesn't even mention it when you order! Be careful!Meanwhile, we tried to get takeout from Ocean Trail and they wouldn't let us. In order to get takeout they expected us to wait in the long line to be seated for food. We ended up not getting anything. I can't believe the policies in place at this casino. The customer service is horrible!
1	This review is about entertainment in the "ballroom" and about the Julio Iglesius concert on 3-28-14.  The ballroom is an awful place to attend a concert or other entertainment events.  The viewing is bad and the acoustics very bad.  The seating is on a flat ballroom floor in chairs.  The stage is elevated somewhat, but not enough so one can consistently see what is going on.  You end up straining and shifting position to try to see.. Julio Iglesius sang entirely in Spanish despite the fact he has made millions selling records with English lyrics.  Also, at the beginning of the concert he made political comments about immigration policy in the U.S. and Arizona.  When I pay hefty sums for tickets to a concert, I do not expect be forced to listen to an opening  political rant from the performer.  I was pleased to leave as soon as possible without disturbing others in my row too much
1	This place blows. Robots with no personality dealing cards,  don't even try to make it fun for you while you're burning through cash. But hey, at least you can drink for fr.... er or chea...er...... $7 for a beer or well drinks?!?!?! Now that's some b*lllsh#t. Meh, go f*** yourself Talking Stick. There's a reason why the casinos in AZ will never be as fun as the places in Vegas.
5	Great place to get away to golf, spend day at spa and pool. Evening life great if you like to dance and gamble. Restraints are yummy! Room are super nice!
4	This was our first time at Talking Stick resort. I will confess I have seen other bands at other casinos and swore I would never go back. I despise the smoke and condescending attitude of the staff so I save my money for Vegas. Last week we attended the Rob Thomas show and this was a concert i was willing to make an exception for... Not only was the seating amazing and intimate, but casino was so very "Vegas" I was surprised this was in my own back yard!  We'll be back again!
2	Arrived to a dirty room with pubic hair all over the bathroom floor and a half-empty beer in the refrigerator. Housekeeping never showed up during our weekend stay even though we got charged for a "housekeeping" fee.  Nonstop partying that kept us awake all night.  If this is what you and your family are looking for on vacation then the Talking Stick resort is the place for you.
5	This is my favorite stay-cation spot in Phoenix! Every year my husband and I come here for our anniversary and every time we are never disappointed! Last December we finally splurged and tried the spa. What an awesome choice! We loved it there the employees there are nice and very welcoming and are at 'beck and call.' The rooms are lavish to our tastes, especially since we're on a budget. Gotta love the scenic parking lot view! They are always clean and tidy, never had a problem with the rooms.I can't speak for all the resturants, but we did find a small quiet one, not filled with high prices or crowded corners. The casino aspect is fairly decent, I do wish that they would expand it a bit more though. All the bars that are laid around are good too, we generally sit at the small 4 seated bar nook so as not to get lost in the crowd. Or go sit in the cigar lounge and listen to music while my husbands smokes. I do love this place, feel bad for those that have had a bad experience here! We always look forward to our stay here every year and will be keep returning!!I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
4	Incredible resort.  Very reasonable spa with very happy, helpful people working there.  Unfortunately can't say that for the rest of the hotel staff but this resort still gets 5 stars.  Always in pristine shape and when we had trouble with our booking agency (they overbooked us) Talking Stick management jumped in to help.  I have stayed here 4 times in the past 2 years and the experience is very consistent.
4	Well, this place did it's job! It entertained me, got me drunk, and took all my money. Somehow I still had a BLAST here and can't wait to go back. The rooms were big, clean and well done. I honestly have nothing bad to say about the hotel rooms, or any of the service. It is a upscale casino compared to some of the other ones here in town.The casino area got kind of packed and I wish they had more black jack tables there. It was kind of disappointing to have to stand around for 30 minutes waiting for a table to open up. I understand that the slots is their money makers but more tables wouldn't hurt.NOW....about the pool....The pool is a party in its self. There was a DJ playing some music, not my type of music, but it was the kind that got the girls up and moving if you know what I mean. So for that and being dressed in bathing suits the DJ was a hit in my book. I believe that this is a every Saturday event that you should check out. The pool is big enough where you are not right on top of the guy next to you, and the service at the pool was good. The drinks are expensive, but still worth it. Don't be that guy or girl at the pool without a drink in your hand. The bar area was nice and the line never got to bad. I was impressed with the Talking Stick and would highly recommend it. For sure one of the top casinos in Arizona.
1	I'm giving this place one stare because I can't go any lower on yelp.The short version,The staff was rude, took forever to get drinks, very smokey, and the valet returned my car dirty!The long version,I just got married and this was the place my wife and I stayed after the wedding.  After we get there the lady can't find our reservations.  She was very rude even tho I was in a tux and my wife was in her wedding dress.  She kept walking away from us without saying a word, and returning without saying a word.  After I basically had to do her job for her, she found our reservations.  This took about 25 minutes to do.  After we got our room key she didn't ask if we needed help with our luggage!The next day my wife and I went to a movie and then hung out by the pool.  We sat there for about 45 minutes hopping one of the many servers walking by would serve us.  Needless to say, they didn't.  I had to walk to the outside bar myself to get drinks.  Since my hips are messed up from my time in the army, and I walk with a limp; I thought it would be a good idea to get us doubles so I wouldn't have to make as many trips.  They could only give me one double at a time.  So I ordered my wife's drink, limped back to our seats. Gave my wife her drink, and limped back to the bar to get my drink. My wife made the next trip, ordered the exact sand drinks and she got charged less money. Later that night we decided to do a little gambling. The casino was overly crowded and way too smokey. There ceilings are very high and when we looked up at the lights we could literally see clouds of rolling smoke. We decided to go back to our rooms early.The next day when we left the valet gave us our car back dirty.  Looks like they parked it next to a sprinkler. I mentioned it to the valet manager and he assured me that it rained the night before.  I checked the weather and it did not rain.  They blatantly lied to my face!!The next day we checked our bank account, only to find that they had charged us for the room.  This was very odd since I payed cash in advance and had a receipt to prove it.  I called a couple of times and was assured that the charge would be reversed.  Two weeks, and many phone calls later, I had to drive back there before I actually got my money back.I will never go to this place ever again!  If I ever have the urge to go to a casino, I will drive the six hours to Las Vegas.  The long drive is worth a good experience.
1	I recently went here to see UFC fight 172 in the showroom and we paid $10 for cover. I came in with a group of friends and immediately when we sat down we were not happy. We noticed that the screen was lagging and the sound was not in sync with the picture. We told several different people about it and they did not take any action or offer us any compensation. They did say if we did want to leave right now they could give us our money back. That's just seems unprofessional and rude. Another big thing that pisses me off was that the whole time the we were there the waitress did not even swing by our table and ask us for an order!!!! We sat at a table for two hours without any drinks or food! And I even went up to a bouncer there and she came over and apologize and since you be right there at our table and she lied...she never came.
1	Went to see Robert Cray.  He didnt play very long.  I would never waste my money to see him again.  Husband is the fan and he agrees that it was a little disappointing.  People behind me were pure A Holes pissed off that we arrived and put an end to the little window they had.  The A Holes would not shut up about it.  I controlled myself and said nothing which is unusual.  When concert was over we went to casino and put $80 bucks into a machine that sucked it right up.  No wins just pure losses.  Went to the Blue Coyote Cafe.  Not impressed.  I had mac and cheese it was bland and tasteless.  Husband had spinach salad.  Said it was the worst spinach salad that he had ever had in his lifetime.  He literally took 2 bites and was done.  Waitress asked how it was and I said he didnt like his salad.  She just laughed at me.  I told her it was not funny and that he didnt eat it.  She laughed again and walked away and brought us the bill.  She didnt take the uneaten salad off.  Husband pays bill and I am beyond pissed so I ask for manager.  I wait.  and I wait.  Then I wait some more.  Finally I told the girls at front what happened.  They understood.  They tried to get manager so I waited and I waited til I said forget it I am out.  Huge waste of my time and money that night.
4	Played the South course at Talking Stick on Easter Sunday.  Pace of play was great (4 hours), though again, it was Easter.  Range is very nice, course is well manicured, though the greens were a bit slow.  For $100, it's a good deal in the Scottsdale area.  I'm a single digit handicapper and played the Golds, which at 6,400 yards, were a bit easy as the course is pretty open.  If you're a good player, would recommend moving to the back tees.On a side note, we could hear music from the resort pool which was off in the distance, sounded like it was a pretty good scene.  Never stayed at the hotel, but may try it.
4	Great hotel with miserable employees.  The employees looked and acted as if they were doing community service.  The hotel and pool are very nice and the room are modern too.
4	I'm not a big gambler by any stretch, but I love this place to see a showroom boxing match, hang out at night and listen to the entertainment...that's free in the lounges, eat at the restaurants and just chill. Once in a while in the Cactus moon restaurant tho...the breakfast entrees can be a little inconsistent in quality. The oysters at the raw bar upstairs are always yummy. The pools are really nice and the concerts in the ballroom rock.  Just a nice place for Phoenicians to hang out.
1	INCREDIBLY ignorant security and staff when it comes to accommodating an electric vehicle such as a Tesla.
3	Being from Minnesota I am used to some pretty nice Indian casinos.  This one is gorgeous but since it lacks a non-smoking gambling section as well as self serve complimentary beverages it only gets a three out of five.  The reason it gets a three instead of a two is because of the beautiful view from the top of the parking ramp.  We saw a beautiful yellow moon as well as a herd of the wild horses.  That was awesom.
3	The resort, rooms and pools are beautiful.  The casino has good ventilation, but you definitely know they allow smoking.  No free alcohol at this casino, but the drinks are fairly cheap and good.  They have a 21+ loud pool party on many Saturdays and holidays, and we were disappointed when we learned they had extended this to the non-holiday Sunday we were there (without any warning), so my kids were relegated to swimming at the much smaller West pool which has no in-pool loungers, very little shade, no music at all and is adjacent to a parking structure with a lot of traffic.  Parking was easy and you can park in a garage if you know where to find the entrance.  There were long lines for the check-in but staff was friendly and helpful.  There is limited construction on the Garden level, but it looks like they are putting in some good food places and shopping near the convention center.  The existing business centers were great.  The two sit-down restaurants were great, highly recommend those!
5	Larger than most of the area's casinos. Valet parking is available. Great entertainment. There are at least three places inside where you can listen to music (live music and DJs). My favorite is Shadow's Lounge. If you do not mind cigar smoke and you like listening to the greatest in live music, then this spot is for you! I love the outdoor seating and you can still hear the band. Many restaurants call this casino home, including a buffet! There's one restaurant that serve breakfast all day long! There's nothing like bacon after an early evening of over indulging in the spirts. ;-)  Talking Stick is a great facility to watch the game too. There are TV's throughout as well as several wide screens in the player's lounge.  Did I mention the swimming pool...with cabanas? You do not have a be a hotel guest to take advantage of this amenity. Girls in bikinis walk in and out of the casino area on their way to and from the swimming pool.Don't act stupid while you are here tho. Security is nothing to be reckoned with. Most of them are swoll! Looking like they are about to burst out of those little black suits.  Come, eat, drink, have a good time, but don't get crazy!I'm not a gambler, but I do love live music! ...and people watching. If you have a couple of hours to kill or a couple of hundreds to spend, come here!
5	I finally went to the pool party I was more than I expected...so fun!!! Beers are 6.50..so drink up before you go
2	Unless u r looking to party it up constantly with no relaxing don't come here!  On the weekends the pool party is going on and u constantly hear loud bass and drums ALL DAY.  I like a good party like the next girl but taking naps is part of the fun of a nice resort stay and by Sunday i was over the constant boom boom boom.  There us no escape.  Go downstairs..ding ding ding from the casino...go to ur room..boom boom boom from the pool.  NOT relaxing.  If they could sound proof the rooms i would like it.  Also this is a bit strange but the rooms are very dark.  Not enough lighting, and the hallways r like a refrigerator.
5	Super fun. Best pool party in town. Grab some friends, book a room, pregame hard, and enjoy
2	The casino area smells really bad.  I would go more often if it didn't smell like smoke, sweat and feet.  Everyone of my friends say the same thing.  They need to prob get new carpet chairs and clean the whole place daily.
2	Stopped in at Casino on Saturday night while out celebrating Father's Day and found the Palo Verde Lounge CLOSED for remodeling. WTH? And it won't re-open til Sept/Oct?  This was a very pleasant, enjoyable spot to relax with an adult beverage and now there is NO where to sit.  The few nearby lounge chairs were taken and people were having to stand in a crowded, tiny area -- not condusive to an enjoyable experience and we were very disappointed to say the least.We wondered over to check out the slot machines and saw over-flowing ashtrays, trash not cleaned up and empty glasses & bottles throughout the casino floor. This was about 9pm on a Saturday nite (prime time) and no one can clean up the mess? This does not reflect well on the managers or the casino.Our group sat down to try our luck at Roulette and there are no cup holders to hold our drinks while gambling. Come on, Talking Stick.  Get your act together. This used to be THE place in town for a great casino experience and you are really dropping the ball.
3	This is a very clean casino and Nicky laid out. It would have gotten a  4 stars from me but for the smoky smell that is everywhere neat the casino. My wife and I have been to Vega many times and none of the casinos we have been to they ever smell of tobacco smoke. It is a shame that a really great place is ruined by the smell of smoke  I hope they can get this improved. We would go do often if it didn't snell of smoke.
5	That was the best lunch I have EVER had. Beef Wellington?? OMG, I think I died that day, and went to Ramsey's Kitchen Buffet, cause It was 5 Stars across the board!!
4	Spent the weekend what a great place to get away.. large casinos and super friendly people working their.. The rooms was huge and super clean I will total be back soon.. Can't tell enough people about this place. :) would have given it 5 stars just a little delay on the checking in part but that didn't take away from all the fun..
5	Love love love this place! My boyfriend and I stayed here Sunday-Tuesday for his birthday, and it was a perfect trip! Room service- we ordered room service twice. For breakfast we had eggs benedict and pancakes, SO yummy. Everything was delivered prompt and fresh, it was delicious. After the pool the next day we did a cheese and green chile quesadilla and some sushi for a snack, so delicious! Pool- we LOVED the pool. We spent about 5 hours out there, and our server Max kept our margaritas and ice waters full the whole time! Blue Coyote Cafe- I was happy to eat here where my boyfriend could eat a burger, and they had vegetarian sushi for me! (Dream come true!) Overall the hotel was clean, the staff was friendly, drinks and food were reasonably priced.... We will definitely be back!
4	Love it! I live in town and I still staycation here sometimes. The rooms are beautiful for a reasonable rate and the casino/restaurants are awesome. Casual/fancy dining, nightclub, nice casino, nice pool. Great place.
1	Went to Talking Stick Resort for 311!!! My friends Dad was super excited to see 311 because of how much of a fan his son is. Probably 311s biggest Fan. So, we get to the resort early, have some dinner, head into the event when the doors open. Early enough to get a spot close enough to watch, but far enough away for Brien(90yrs old) to not be caught up in the crowd. We stood next to the sound booth. We asked a nice gal if we could grab a chair for Brien, she thought it would be fine; however, she asked her manager, LQ, just in case. LQ came over to us and said he couldn't bring a chair, "There are no chairs allowed, but we could purchase a cabana." Really?!? There were plenty of chairs around the cabanas (not being used, and were not used through the entirety of the show), so I'm not quite sure why we couldn't have 1 chair for an older man to sit and enjoy the show. Bad Judgement call Talking Stick!
4	We stayed here for a concert and stayed at a club level room which was nice! Included happy hour and breakfast. Both included drinks and small bites for food/cereal/toast etc. Only complaint is that you cannot check in early and if you are going for a concert be prepared to wait in line for 30-45 minutes. Even if you get there 2 hours early they won't have your room ready. We brought our daughter to stay with us and if you bring children, stay at club level on other side of building for peace and quiet after the show! They try to be kid friendly but not really :( understandable for a casino but they do have a kid pool which was cool.  The venue for concert was awesome!! Beautiful pool. It was like spring break with the amount of people. Very fun!!
1	I just ordered a Dewars before a Garfunkel concert. The bartender took out a "soda gun", pushed a button and "dispensed" my scotch/whiskey blend. Classy!It was a 1oz pour, literally wet the bottom of my plastic cup about a 1/4 inch tall, slid it over and asked for $7.50 plus tip. Mouth watering!Do you tip the guy at Wendy's who dispenses your soda? Needless to say for a casino to reduce something as basic and enjoyable as ordering a scotch to this, bullocks!Don't typically leave negative reviews, drink before you get here.
4	I've been here for a few concerts and a few birthday parties. And before I say anything - casinos are not my place. I don't gamble and any time I walk through the gambling floor all I can think is that these people are all zombies pumping money they don't have into some machine in hopes of striking it big. I don't care for that vibe.But I am here to review the venue, not the people, I suppose.The place seems clean and fairly lively. The Ballroom is just that, a room. They set up a stage and throw some chairs on the ground for a concert. This is less than ideal because if anyone stands up in front of you then all you can see is their ass (and undoubtedly, everyone ends up standing). The Showroom is better in that it kind of has three levels for viewing... and it is much more intimate.  It has been standing only when I went. Take your pick. If I am going to stand anyways I'd rather pay less for a more intimate setting, but that is me.Drinks are generally made pretty decent... but then again, I generally drink beer so that I can't get my drink watered down.The buffet is a good meal. Come hungry, the buffet is huge.
4	My husband and I had a wonderful stay. We upgraded to a suite during check in and it was worth the extra expense. Our balcony overlooked the golf course and we had a 3/4 panoramic view of the surrounding mountains. We ordered room service, I had the short rib burger, delicious, My husband had a spicy Chinese pork dish which was excellent. The carrot cake was just so-so but the chocolate fudge cake was yummy. The ice cream was very, very good. The room was spacious, the appointments were very nice, I especially liked the Native American motif.  Comfortable bed, huge rain shower and nice balcony chairs. We didn't spend time by the pool, there was a young crowd enjoying a party atmosphere and it sure looked like fun. If I were twenty five years younger I would have joined them. I spent a couple of hours in the casino and I was impressed by the friendliness of the casino/hotel staff. Overall it was a terrific experience.
4	We've been here off and on and each time we go to the casino it seems nicer.  We've yet to stay at the resort but it looks so nice now I can't wait to!  We played penny slots all night and for the 4th of July weekend it was not very crowded.  Luckily we left up by $450 and we had a terrific time.
1	From the moment that we stepped into Talking Stick Resort we were treated like CRAP! Due to everything that happened I can adamantly confirm that I will never step foot in any of your resorts again!!Strike 1: Our vacation started with the front desk (Dorean). Dorean had an attitude the moment that I walked up to the front desk. She proceeds to huff and puff and inform me that she would be with me in a minute. After a few minutes she repeated that she would be with me in a minute and that she was busy and would have called me to the counter if she wanted to help me. After 15 minutes of being huffed at I grew sick of the attitude and asked to speak to a manager. The Manager approached me at the counter and was rude and informed me that there was nothing she could do about the attitude because she was only a few feet away at her desk and she never heard anything. I asked her what she was going to do and she responded "There is nothing I can do. Dorean is a great Employee. I was then directed to stand in line again to have another employee help check me in. At that time, I should have turned around and left your property, but due to a promise to my wife, I decided to stick it out and try to have a great 4th of July.  The whole check in took 1 hour and 27 minutes. Strike 2: After getting checked in and settled into our room, I decided to check out the poker room. I waited around at the counter to ask a few questions. After 25 minutes an employee looked down and asked if she could help me. I asked 2 questions and the employee responded "UMMM" and promptly turned around and started talking with another employee about their plans for later that night and what happened last night. I left the poker room even more disgusted with their behavior and with the resort. Strike 3: Last but not least, I had made reservations 3 weeks in advance at Orange Sky. We were unable to get reservations at Sunset so I requested an East facing view that overlooked the pool and golf course at 5:15pm. I was informed that they had an available table and would be able to accommodate the request. At that time we were reminded that we must wear business casual and to arrive 5 minutes early. At 4:05pm we received a call offering to move our reservation to 9:00pm we declined and were again reminded that we must wear business casual and to arrive 5 minutes. We arrived at Orange Sky at 5:05pm and noticed 4 parties' being seated that were wearing beach/pool attire. We were then promptly escorted to a West facing table. We informed the escort that we requested an east facing view. He walked away for a few minutes, came back and informed us that all of the tables were already booked and he was sorry and he promptly walked back to the hostess station. During our dinner that took 1 hour and 15 minutes, we watched 3 tables with east facing views go unused. Again I will reiterate, Due to everything that happened I can adamantly confirm that I will never step foot in any of your resorts again. I will never refer or recommend any of my associates/friends/family to your resorts. I will make sure that I tell everyone I come in contact with about the horrendous service that I received at Talking Stick Resort!
4	Have stayed here 3 times now. Always love the rooms, always love the bathrooms especially. It is quite, you have everything you need at the resort, you don't ever have to leave. Love the Release pool party.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights and had a great time.  The hotel staff were very friendly, the room was larger than most in the Scottsdale area for the price, and we enjoyed being able to pretty much stay here for all our R & R needs.I am a smoker, but not a fan of cigarette stink everywhere.  The ventilation system in the casino area is great, and I also enjoyed being able to sit out on the hotel patio and in the pool area to smoke.My boyfriend is a cigar aficionado and enjoyed smoking some from his favorite private stash in both Shadows Cigar Lounge and at our cabana ($200/day) poolside.We went down to the pool early Saturday morning, and as hotel guests were able to grab lounge chairs in the shade and an umbrella for us and two friends who joined us for the Release Pool Party.There were about 300+ people at Release of all ages. The liquor was flowing and everybody got loose by mid afternoon. There was definitely eye candy for both of us!I don't drink, but bf was pleased to find the drinks were nice and strong and on both Thursday and Saturday, the wait staff did a great job and the menu items we ordered were delicious, yet appropriately light for the hot weather.Degree 270 was just okay. The dj played a good mix but after we were there an hour or so, noticed that the music was recycling.Disappointed that the Palo Verde Lounge we were looking forward to is offline and under construction until the Fall. This was the biggest thumbs down to our stay as we were meeting friends for happy hour and ended up at Shadows instead where the cigar smoke didn't complement the evening.All in all, we recommend T.S. for its location, amenities, and price.  Though there were families with kids, I'd say it's better for couples on a getaway because of the smoking, flowing alcohol, other guests expectations for their own stay.We also saw someone win over $10,000 on a $1 slot.
4	Whenever I have the gambling itch this is my go to casino! During the day it is not so busy but I went at night for my first time on a Saturday and it was packed! I only play black jack which is good because they have plenty of tables. Typically when I go during the day they have more $5 tables then anything so when I went on Saturday I was somewhat disappointed to find no $5 tables. I ended up playing a $10 table which actually benefited me more considering I won $300 only playing $100! I went with my parents and they were wanting to play let it ride..well they only had one table that was packed so we had to wait a good hour until we were able to play. That is my only bad thing to say about this casino. Ps you will see a lot of younger kids in bathing suits considering there is always a big pool party.
5	Definitely check out the wandering horse buffet! My girlfriend likes to eat healthy and it's hard when we go out to dinner to find the right menu with things we both like. At the buffet they have crab legs and always have different cuts of meat which I enjoy and then they also have a salad bar, fresh raw salmon and fruits all things my girlfriend enjoys. They also have a gigantic desert bar which even has sugar free deserts. Plus only $25 for all you can eat and it's quality food ! It's nice too in the winter to sit on the patio and enjoy the view! I highly recommend for locals and people visiting from out of town staying at the resort
5	Talking Stick is very nice and relaxing just to get away and the rooms are very nice and very comfortable!
5	Vegas in the middle of Scottsdale?!?!? YA BABY!! Not only is the casino great, they have great restaurants, awesome night life, crazy pool parties, and 36 holes of amazing golf. We even saw wild horses running behind the 3rd green. With all the competition, it lives up to the hype. I recommend this place for everything - hotel, spa, restaurants, bars, gambling, pool, and golf! Great job Talking Stick; I will be back.
3	Nicest casino in arizona.  Lots of cowboy boots and rednecks.  Nothing like Las Vegas or a real casino. :(
5	On a recent visit I was delighted to play a round of golf at your resort.. A slight bit hot for me but a hot round of golf is better than no golf!  We went to cool down in the casino and had a lovely time playing the slots and black jack.  Why I am writing this review is to recognize one of your associates who stood out with exceptional customer care skills.  Amelia Sally went out of her way to show us a good time at her table.  She was charming, engaged and expert!  She showed unending patience with my lack of knowledge yet kept the energy flowing for all the other players.  We absolutely enjoyed her fabulous sense of humor and if I was a regular player of black jack I would never visit any other dealer.  Amelia made our day and we can't wait to come back and find her again!  Stand out employees sure make a difference!!!
4	We visited this resort on a Saturday to take part in the Release Pool Party. I have to say it was a ton of fun! The hotel is really pretty with a good sized casino and buffet. There was a small section undergoing construction but it wasn't noisy or in the way. We received a room with a view of the side of the pool which worked out because we didn't have direct sunlight coming into the room. The decor was very clean and modern while being welcoming with really high ceilings and huge windows. The Bathroom was really great with a separate tub and shower, a waterfall shower head, double sinks and a pocket door. I love pocket doors! The room had a small fridge and a Keurig coffee maker. The only downside was that the beds were a little firm for my taste and the artwork in our room was of two, unsmiling native girls. The theme of the hotel is to showcase and respect the native tribes of that area but two frowning women staring at me in bed is not comforting.The pool itself was clean and sparkling. The Cabanas were affordable and very comfortable with sectional seating under the canopy and a double chaise lounge under the sun with plenty of towels and a private television and small fridge. We received great service from our server (Britney?) She checked on us often and didn't let us wait too long for food and drinks. The atmosphere was super charged with really good DJ's on set. The first, DJ ShadowRed, had my friends and I dancing in the pool! Great choice of music for a party but definitely not out of control.I recommend the hotel because it was clean and the pool for sure because it was a great party!
5	Got tix for Lisa Lampanelli.  Got a room.  Phenom.  The weakest point was her comedy concert. The venue was a BS ball room wedding-esq huge hall.  Sad setup overall.  BUT...they had big videos screens and it was enjoyable.  They had two openers and they were great.  ODD...we left Lisa's rif and went back to hang in the hotel area.  She aint fat no more. Skinny with no muscle.  Room...beautiful with the exception of the bathroom doors.  ODD at best.  BUT...the bathroom is self was amazing.  We tried Pool Party....but a lightning storm came.  We went to pool next morning and had tix to it BIUT had to go home to feed dogs. Left at noon. Security....casino...free valet....cigars outside in the rain at Shadow Bar!! ... The Fig for breakfast!!!!  All reasonable.    ...we did think that the buffet at $26 for dinner and $27 for Brunch was pushing it and did NOT go....BUT.    .....we just made reservations for 8/17 8/18.  My guess....we will hit buffet this time around. RECOMMENDED.  After all this.....still 5 stars.  We had a great time and we smiled all the way.
4	Been to all the Casinos in Arizona, this place seems the least smokey. It has a excellent upscale restaurant that looks over Phoenix and makes a great steak.
5	Its a beautiful, fairly new hotel with a casino downstairs!!! We live in AZ, we stayed here so we don't drive home drunk after a party here. Their pillows are NOT comfortable, they were too hard!!! My neck was hurting in the morning. Otherwise, I can't complain, very clean, crispy sheets, very nice marbled bathroom just what you see in the pictures!!! I am giving them 5 stars, they deserve it!!!!!
4	Really nice and clean rooms. There are a few options for dining, and they usually have a good show or concert at the Ballroom. Would definitely stay here again.
4	This is a 4 diamond hotel.  I have no idea what that means... to me the room we stayed in was similar to other hotel rooms I've stayed in, with only two major exceptions--the large bathroom was really nice and we had floor to ceiling windows!That being said, every time we took a shower (which was wonderful with the rain shower head!), the water leaked through the shower doors and flowed out of the bathroom and even soaked the carpet by the bed. For being such a "nice" hotel, you'd think they could have done the glass surround so that the water didn't leak everywhere. There's a separate tub, which is great for soaking in. The bathroom door is a sliding door, but due to the design it didn't close all the way-- there was about a 1 inch gap which you could see through. To some this might be important.Otherwise the hotel room was pretty similar to other hotel rooms I've stayed in.  There was a Keurig machine in the room, but the coffee tasted bad.  There was a TV, mini-fridge, and great views too.The pools and Jacuzzi were excellent! There are several options for eating at this hotel, which was wonderful. It was pretty annoying transporting the luggage to and from the parking lot to the hotel unless you get parking close by. I think they made it inconvenient on purpose so you have to get a bellman and tip them (as in = more $$).The other negative--no complementary breakfast included with room!  You have to pay extra for that too...  blah!  Finally, EVERYONE I talked to from front desk, to housekeeping, to waitresses etc. had excellent, top-notch customer service, which was truly appreciated!We didn't gamble so I can't comment on that aspect of it.  Overall it was an okay stay. We got a good price for this, which made it worth it.
5	One of the reasons I love coming here is because of the Wandering Horse restaurant where you can find great buffet food for a great price.  Parking is free and there's covered parking.  The hotel looks huge and perhaps one day I'll rent a room to see what its like to stay there.  There's a huge pool that looks like fun with cabanas around the pool area which is another impetus to come here one day.Staff are friendly from the ones I've stopped to ask for directions to the restaurant.Really a great looking place with a great restaurant!
3	I love this place but have major issues with the housekeeping and front desk staff. I went to take a shower this morning and upon opening the shower door was confronted with a tremendous amount of hair on the shower floor. It was beyond disgusting and made me wonder what else wasn't cleaned in the room prior to my arrival.  I went to the front desk with pictures of the shower floor and the clerk was extremely aloof about the situation and made me feel like this happens often and was no big deal. To me it was major. And the resort didn't care......not good!!!
5	Been here for a few days now and I can't say I have any complaints. I would recommend a room with a balcony or patio. The Spa is amazing... (Make sure you request Lynette)!! Orange Sky is beautiful. Overall... Pretty decent hotel to stay at. And regarding some reviews of rude employees... I have not come across one.
5	You never know what you're going to walk into when heading to a Native American casino for the first time.  I've learned through the years not to get my hopes up and expect too much. Boy, did Talking Stick prove me wrong.  The casino is absolutely beautiful.  Everything is new, clean, and everyone on the staff from dealers to floor personnel are as friendly as can be.  It's not a big place, but they offer all of the games you would want (other than craps).  We were there on a Friday afternoon, and they were also offering table minimums in every price range.  There was a large selection of $5 tables for multiple games.  We weren't there long enough to play poker, but we still took a look at the poker room to see what they offered.  What we saw was a poker room that put 90% of the rooms in Vegas to shame.  The room itself was a massive, with 50 tables spreading all of the games (Hold' Em, Stud and Stud/8, Omaha/8 and Omaha Hi).  Not many places spread Omaha Hi anymore, so that was a pleasant surprise.  And the room itself was just immaculate.  Wall-to-wall TVs to keep your attention between hands, and tableside food service that looked wonderful.If you're in the area looking to get your casino fix in, this is definitely worth the trip.
3	I just back from 3 days at this Resort. I was celebrating a belated 60th Birthday with my daughters. One of my daughters lives in Scottsdale, we just decided to spend the time at a local resort. This Resort Casino is beautiful and has great potential as a top rated stop. I travel a lot and spent 30 years working and owning tourist hot spots. 1. The room was lovely, but had not been dusted in a while, I'm sure , which we overlooked, it is the desert and we checked in on a Tues. But we were not pleased when not one of those three days did we get our room ' cleaned ' . It was refreshed, but no vacuum, dusting, cleaning sinks, toilets or even the bathtub. It might have been ok, if there was at least a toilet brush to keep the toilet cleaned. We had to ask them to make the bed at least, doesn't everyone want a fresh made bed. So refreshing the room consists of restocking towels and coffee, no cleaning. 2.  Loved the pools, the shallow one allows you to sit on a reclining chair in the cool water under a sun umbrella. You can order drinks from a service person who comes around. But I have a couple complaints here. A. There were a lot of bugs floating in the water, again it is the desert. But in the water drains big spiders were tending their eggs of babies. It's kinda freaky knowing they were going to hatch hundreds of babies to join the already many bugs in the pool. B. The drinks we ordered were very weak and when I playfully mentioned they'd be great if I could taste the alcohol, the waiter said " well if you hadn't been drinking alcohol for 40 years you might be able to taste it" . He was dead serous. Not a smile or a wink. I ordered a straight shot and I can tell you, 40 years of  ' experience in both drinking and the service industry , the alcohol is watered down. C. And he also insisted that I must sign the tab every time he brought a drink, even with a room tab. Which we found out wasn't really practice. He just wanted us to close out each tab so he could get tipped. And yes I tipped even though he was insulting and unfriendly. D. One of the waitresses who waited on us, wore her skirt so short, her butt cheeks hung out, and when she walked by serving people in the pool, you could see she wore a thong, maybe, I hope cause you could see a dark triangle between her legs. It was not a pretty sight as she was overweight and sloppy. 3. The staff was only about 40 % friendly. Most of them would pass you without batting an eye or a smile, even those who were serving us. I told a young lady in the hall this morning, when she said " good morning " , that she was literally the only person in three days who had said good morning, good after noon or good evening , or who spoke in a friendly way except front desk personnel or the guys standing at the podiums to see your key when you went into the hotel. The food servers were Luke  warm, there were 2 in three days of eating meals there who were really nice and good! For the most part they were dutiful. 4. When we went to pick up tickets for a show at will call, the girl actually told us the show was no good and a waste of money. When in fact, employees should be promoting the shows there and keeping their personal opinions to themselves. In fact the show was enjoyable and a big part of why we stayed there. Now for the good ... It is live ! Feels like a Vegas Casino. The energy is good. Hate the smoking ! But I can live with it. There are a lot of good places to eat. The lights are beautiful, the pool is open 24/7. The parking is free and the valets are friendly and good looking. I'll go there again, I just wish the management would actually care about people's opinions and make this place a place where people are welcomed and feel good about being there. Keeping the rooms as clean as the casino is just doing their job and being friendly doesn't cost and might actually make the place more money. Suzanne ... Oregonian who loves Scottsdale.
5	Private dining,great view ,gourmet food,superb food.  Service beyond compare. Our waiter Julio let us enjoy a a slow paced meal and his personalityadded to our enjoyment of the evening. It was our anniversary and we received a complementary dessert and coffee on the patio. Book a private dining room and have a memorable evening. Review is for Orange Sky restaurant.
3	Alright, so after a night of hitting balls at TopGolf we did our normal walk over to Talking Stick for some gambling. We have done this a few times now and it always seems to end in some extra cash in my pockets and an Uber ride home. Talking Stick has that Vegas feel, I guess any casino would with about 4 martinis in you. It may be tough to find a table on a Friday night, so there may be a slight wait. Now I have 2 warnings about this place, and they may very well be personal problems and not affect you. 1. Drinks aren't free! Come on, I'm betting greens here, you can't buy me a drink Talking Stick?2. Don't curse!!!!! Yeah, I am one who really doesn't curse, so usually this wouldn't apply to me. Unfortunately I was with a friend that does and TS cracked down hard on him. Even though he was cursing in conversation with me, not at the dealer. Well that made me cuss, and let's just say we got the friendly escort to the cash cage and to the front door. As we were escorted out all I could say was "Leaving a Fucking Winner!!!" Thanks Talking Stick! I will try to clean it up, just promise to be a little more like a real casino. Pay for my drinks and let us talk colorfully.
5	I went to talking stick for black jack had a great time. Went for the resort had the executive suite it was awesome. Don't like the raw salmon!But the conference I attended was great! GIUYGreatness is upon you-Eric Thomas
5	You want a nice casino, great tables, and a Vegas feel? Go here! Really fun, they have a club on Friday and Saturday nights, a 24 hour restaurant, Sat and Sun pool party w a great DJ...u wont be disappointed
2	Nice, quiet rooms.  Food in the hotel is abysmal, however, and few vegan options.  To even get soy milk, I have to go to the coffee bar (though one spectacular Blue Coyote employee, Glenna, sent a colleague, Lucy, to said coffee bar for a creamer of soy milk for me this morning -- only time employees made any attempt to engage with me).  Have no idea how this place claims to earn 4 diamonds (must pay AAA for their trainings/bias) because housekeeping was hit or miss (day 1 = trash emptied and amenities replaced. That's it.  Bed unmade, towels not replaced, room not tidied.  Day 2 far better, day 3 I had a fancy diamond-shaped toilet tissue fold... is this my 3rd different housekeeper??) and employees otherwise seemed bothered by guest presence.  Banquet rooms are freezing, casino area is smoky (both to be expected, I guess).  Dinner for 7 in Orange Sky was $530 and I got to eat side dishes only (not even a vegetarian entree on the menu).
5	Had a great time visiting this resort.  The food and beverage was good and the service was also good.  Like the casino atmosphere.
5	The view is unmatched, Food Is great . Steaks are fantastic.  And you should try the crab legs and. Kobe.
3	The property is nice but the staff is horrible. We cancelled our room immediately within the first day staying here.
1	If I had the opportunity to rate It Half stars I would easily give this hotel just that. The service was horrible because clearly there is none. I feel the only reason people go here is the casino. Tip- stay elsewhere then go to their casino. Aloha
5	I love this resort because let's face it, it's the only swanky casino hotel you will find in the desert, outside of Vegas. It's not quite as smoky and overly packed with tourists either. And if you play the odds right, you might even score a winning hand. I like the sound of the slots and well the gamble gods love me, maybe because being Asian in a casino automatically makes you lucky!!!Unless you are staying in Bora Bora or Thailand vacation spots, I never thought it was fair to judge hotel rooms because well, they are just that. All hotels fit the basic requirement so you don't get points unless you go above and beyond. They won't compare to home and certainly, if you are not staying in the penthouse, what's the point. It's clean, the toiletries are abundant and the bed waiting patiently when you decide to go to lalaland. The buffet will tempt you with at least two rounds of a plate full of goodness. Be careful, you might have regrets because the pool parties here in the summer draw out the tiniest pieces of material and bodies that glisten of pure plastic perfection. Otherwise, enjoy the scenery of addictive risk takers in the lounge or saunter upstairs for a fantastic view of the desert while you devour buffalo and city lights. For me, pure entertainment is watching the people across at Top Golf even though the live singer in the lobby is terrific. I haven't golfed the course yet to include into the hotel experience. If you're not looking for a chill staycation, I would suggest here because the energy really brings out the Vegas side of you, just not as costly a tab.
4	Came here to watch the football games and man was I surprised.  They host it in the theatre which is amazing cause of the size of screens (not to mention the number of them).  The venue has its own bar, bathrooms, and plenty of space to spread out and put your feet up.  Get a little bored during halftime?  Go play a couple games!
1	If I could give this place zero stars I would. When I arrived the only person who showed any signs of hospitality was the first valet I encountered. I asked him how much valet was and he told me it was free so I gave him $10 and he said he was going to keep my car close. When going into the resort to check in I waited in line for about 15 minutes and when It was my turn to go to the front deck, the lady behind the front desk just stared at her computer screen and finally said "next" with out even looking up from her computer. When I walked up she did not say" hello" or "welcome to the resort" she just simply said" credit card and ID" i've been in the hospitality industry for seven years. If you don't make eye contact and greet your guests when they arrive, you already know what kind of experience you are gonna have the rest of your stay.... And the Talkingstick resort definitely delivered the kind of service I was expecting from my check in process. everyone from the bartender to the man who asked for my keys before I can enter the hallway to get to my room was extremely rude and I tried to even joke with them and they wouldn't even crack a smile. I went to top golf with some friends and when I returned I was smoking a cigarette and the hallway guard told me I need to extinguish it before entering the hall to my room. I placed a cigarette into the half empty drink I was holding and continued on to my room. When I checked out the next day I received a statement saying that it had my normal room rate that I was expecting to pay.One month later I see on my credit card statement they charged me $300 for a cleaning fee because there was a cigarette butt inside a glass in in my room. They said it was evidence I was smoking in the room. Of course my room smelled like smoke, my friend and I were in your cigar bar for the evening and bought cigars. Of course our clothes are going to smell like smoke and I was asked to put my cigarette out on my way to my room and what was I supposed to do? Refuse? The manager I spoke with, was very polite in a passive aggressive manner about not refunding the $300 cleaning fee and was very defensive about the matter. When leaving the resort, I gave my valet ticket along with a $10 bill to the valet attendant. (which was a man with long hair and kind of shabby, not what you would expect from a resort that claims to have as many diamonds as they do) when the ballet attended came back with my keys he simply pointed at my car on the far end of the drive which was literally about 100 yards away and said"there's your car".. Dude, I just gave you a $10 tip.. When I was a valet 10 years ago, if somebody gave me $10 I would make sure they saw me running! On a positive note the rooms were beautiful the hotel was very nice, but something has to be done with management and the overall morale of the employees at the Talkingstick resort. I personally believe they are all union and don't care because they know that there's no way they'll ever get fired. If you enjoy nice rooms this is a great resort but if you're looking for outstanding service I highly suggest you go to another resort..
5	Great slots . . . had a rewarding time.
5	I just came here for the first time it was a peaceful yet fun staycation. We stayed on the very top floor aka the love floor our room had windows wrapping the room facing the mountains and golf course(sorry to the golfers that saw my indecency). It was gorgeous I didnt even want to leave the room or the view. The room came stocked with everything we needed including a mini fridge wich was perfect for the yummy jello and gummy bear shots I brought along for our weekend. Even though this is part of the casino it is very well laid out you feel like your in a different world. When I come back I will absolutely do the love floor again I think id be let down if I did anything less.. I love this place!
3	I was in town for the golf channel amateur National championship and they held a lot of the festivities here.unfortunately  I had to walk thru the casino and almost die from the smoke to get to the huge ballroom where it was being held.Cant really speak on my experience  of gaming here or much on the service because all I did was walk thru and into the room but its seemed to be nice and my cousin said the buffet is pretty nice.
1	My husband and I went there for our 40th Anniversary. It was the worst experience. We asked for a quiet room, not near the elevator. We were assured our room was in a very quiet part of the resort. The elevator was next to our room. Across the hall from us was a  group of people who wanted to party all night. They were going in and out of their room and slamming the door, laughing and making a ton of noise in the hallway.At 1:30 AM, we asked if they could keep it down. They said they would. At 3:30 AM, we again asked them to keep it down, they told my husband to F*** off. At this point we called the front desk and complained. They sent up security who told them they had to keep it down. They went into their room and they were quiet for about 15 mins. tops. At 5;30 AM, we called the front desk again because they were still very loud and obnoxious. They never answered the phone. At 8AM we had packed our bags and went to the front desk. We spoke to the hotel manager and we asked her why they didn't answer the phone? She said they already knew of the problem, so they didn't see the need to answer the phone!!!!.  So I guess it was ok to just ignore us. They ruined our anniversary. I will NEVER go their again, or recommend this place to anyone. The buffet was over priced and not good, the room was nothing special. In fact the TV was tilted to one side because the bolt holding it to the wall was loose.    This place was the worst place I have ever stayed, their lack of care for there guests, was enough to keep me from ever going back.  We went there to have fun, play in the casino, and have a nice meal. The slots were the tightest slots we have ever encountered.
2	While yes its updated casino however again with the squareness of casinos these days everything is pushed in towards the floors, at least there was a lot of 1 cents 2 cents 5 cents and up machines. The casino floor was a tough layout, circular grid patter with slot machines on outside and floor games and dealer games on inside. I personally watched long pay outs seemed to be about 30 mins for some players. Me personal no major hits on 5 machines. Very tight reels. I hear the hotel and resort factor is amazing, and also from someone who just spent a day on course plus at the driving range, The driving range has 2 tvs in each stall. I still am looking for a casino I can win at here. I may try via or vu. not shure how its spelled the new one.. Food at buffet was good to average. It runs on a change bases. Haven't tried any of the other offerings yet. But I am shure pay out will be tight as they try to re coupe money for the new casino.
1	Came to spend the afternoon with the family over Christmas break. Very nice resort, but I don't gamble, and I was in charge of my 12 year old nephew. I figured we'd find a place in the resort where we could play pinball or other video game. We found an "arcade" with 2 bike riding video games and one of those pic a plushy machines....really? We are sitting in a ballroom, bored off our ____s. We can't even use the wifi without proper credentials. If you're coming, don't bring the kiddos.
1	We booked this hotel for the family since all the ads touted it as a resort, with lush pictures of pools, serenity and desert scenery. Talking Stick sits in the middle of a flat plain of nothing.  It is a giant CASINO first and foremost. We walked into the lobby to give it a try, maybe just look at the room, and we almost died from the smoke, I mean it was horrendous, with clanging slot machines, a dingy reception area.  All I could do was make it to the desk and ask for a refund.
1	This hotel is awesome to look at from the outside but not so great on the inside. My family and I went to their NYE party in the showroom and experienced a mediocre show with a semi-out of tune band, two bars with tenders who couldn't figure out how to make consistent and decent cocktails, and security who promptly threw us out after my sister slipped on a balloon from their ball drop. They were very rude. After spending almost $400 on tickets, we thought we would receive better service. If you're looking for a good place to party, this is not the place. They seem more interested in catering to the folks playing their slot machines.
1	Perhaps I'm just not used to Indian Casinos, being from Reno I have a certain expectation for casinos having been around them my whole life, that said.... I did not enjoy this place. I have gone there twice now and experienced that same dussapointment.Its extremely crowded, there is rarely an open machine or table. The tables are all way over priced and there are strange suspicious characters everywhere. If you can manage to get on a machine, no doubt someone will come and hover over you until you are so creeped out you surrender the machine. The payouts are lousy and the food (we at at the cafe downstairs) was underwhelming. Also its one of the only smoke friendly places you can go so its basically a giant ashtray - I reeked when I got homem .Just not a good time.
2	Me and my wife stayed here the night we got married because she wanted to see the view the next morning. Let me just start off by saying the view is the only "nice" thing about this hotel. A couple of days before our stay I called and asked for a bottle of champagne and some chocolates to be waiting in my room when we got there and told them exactly what time I was going to be there which they charged me for right then and there. Of course it wasn't in the room so I called down and asked them to bring it. They brought it up on their own sweet time and when they did they brought 2 bottles and 2 orders of chocolates and then charged me again for both! Trying to argue with the front desk about money was like talking to a wall so I said screw it and just paid for it 3 times. The actual room was set up nice and everything looked good until you looked closely. Blood stains on the pillow cases and bed sheets, hair everywhere in the room, the shower drain was clogged so if you had the shower on for more than maybe 5 minutes it overflowed onto the bathroom floor and onto carpet. No complimentary breakfast, the layout of the whole building is annoying, you have to walk All the way through the casino to get to the hotel. I would not recommend this "resort" to anyone and I will not stay here again
4	Skeptical when booking but all in all it was a good experience at Talking stick. Fast checkin, excellent updated rooms, quick room service and menu. Non smoking floors are really without much smoke, we had two hyper smoke sensitive folks and we had no issues at all. Hotel also provided a real wooden crib than a makeshift one which was a good sirprise. Ladies opted for massage services and loved the treatment there. Location is also close to 5th avenue, fashion square mall etc. Overall good experience.
4	Awesome venue! Perfect for a stay-cation. Rooms are moderately priced. Great DJs in their club "Degree 270". Pool parties are awesome in the summer time. Over all a great time!
3	The other night we decided to go out and gamble a bit.  Ended up at the Talking Stick Resort and was a bit disappointed.  The machines all require a lot to play and don't pay anything out.  Moving to the tables to perhaps make my money last a bit longer only to find that the lowest table was like ten bucks a hand.  I was really surprised that there are a few lower priced tables or machines where you don't lose the farm in 20 minutes.Otherwise we had a decent time.  I'm just not a big gambler and would like to play longer.
