5	I love, love, LOVE this location. In all the Frys I've been to, the customer service here and food selection can't be beat.You are always greeted by someone when you walk in the door. I always go to Fry's late in the day so the same lady is there greeting customers. They have expanded their Organic/Natural Food selection which I think is fantastic, aswell as offering more produce (I wish they're organic section was a little bigger, but I understand that alot of people aren't on the organic bandwagon yet). The only time I have gotten not so nice customer service is right before closing, which I can undersand, these people want to go home! The store underwent remodeling and you can tell it was for the better. It is always clean, staff is always nice and helpful, and it is just overall a great place.
5	I have visitied five different Fry's locations in the East valley and Mesa area's, The Fry's out in Apache Junction takes the cake. (NO pun intended.)Fast service, always stocked, cleaned, great clearance selection and of the five grocery stores in AJ Fry's beats their ads every week. I combine my shopping with the 99cent store and Farmer's Market for produce and save over 200$ every two weeks. :)
5	This Fry's is wonderful. Always great stock of fresh food, produce, everything. We never have to wait in line more than a minute. There are always lanes open and moving fast with friendly staff to meet you when you get there. We shop at this Frys every week and wouldn't go anywhere else. Especially Walmart here!! The only drawback to this location is it is PACKED. If you find a parking space, get it and go in because it's wall to wall filled most days.
5	Love shopping here.  I do wish it wasn't so crowded but I guess that keeps everything so fresh. I've always been able to find whatever I was looking for.
1	Waiting in line forever at deli, bakery, meat etc, apparently all employee's are cashiering! What about customers not at the checkout lanes Fry's? Bad management.
4	My favorite place to go grocery shopping! All of their produce is so fresh, and the selection is great. The deli has a great selection of salads and pasta's etc, and I like that they also have some of the items pre packaged if you are in a rush. Staff is willing to accomodate a request. I wanted to bring my husband a sandwich at work and he is very picky, so non of the pre made ones would work. A girl in the deli offered to make me one, however the only breads they would use were french rolls, which are too hard. I apologized and told her I didnt mean to be difficult, but he cant eat that bread, so she went to the bread aisle and opened a loaf of bread to make him a sandwich. That was nice :)The starbucks girls are always in a good mood too :)
4	The pharmacy staff here is wonderful! They are always going out of their way to make sure everything is running smoothly and as affordable as they can make it.  The staff for the regular store seems to be hit or miss depending on when you are there.  I've had fantastic friendly service and I've had downright horrible service, so that part is a gamble. I don't usually need help and usually use the self checkout, so I don't usually have any problems. Mostly I shop here because it's convenient and cheap.
2	This place is always crowded and they have the over stock in the way which makes the crowded place harder to move around in. And the vegetables are NOT fresh!! The staff doesn't know how to put up an "out of stock" sign when they run out of whole milk!
1	My family has shopped at Apache Junction  Fry's location for 10 plus years and have been very pleased till now. This last week I was looking to buy bacon and a few other items. I noticed that the items near and including the bacon had sell by dates almost two months ago. One had may 4th 2014. I found five different items and total more than 20, yes 20+ i made a huge pile. It appeared that the stockers had not checked any dates for at least two month's.  When I talked to store manager he stated he would talk to that department. Didn't seem to be that important to him because he continued doing a walk thru with a  produce employee.  Nasty, now im wondering if the lunch meat is what got my son and I sick last week. CHECK DATES
4	I need not to say anything about their grocery-really they are superb cool. Only things to say is that- their homemade TAMALES.............. Super duper AWESOME. So just coming for this, just coming man!!
3	Service Fry's & Fry's Marketplace FAIR enough.Price............HONEST so. Best for weekly  shopping like me...little but every Friday it got festive look.
1	Meat delil lady today talked crap to her manager about me not knowing my wife was stand right there. So she went and found me to try and help after she relized. All I was asking for was her to cut my meat. I emailed corporate about her.
4	Pretty convenient for being in downtown AZ. Good prices for groceries and has most of everything I need. Also easy to access on a bike and provides parking for shoppers.
4	This is the one market that I have found that is pretty much "in the city" Most of the markets in the city are smaller markets which cannot provide as much value as the big chains.
