4	The food is pretty standard Americanized Italian fare but tasty nonetheless. They have very reasonable lunch specials during the week and kids eat free on Wednesday's!I've been here many times, mainly with large groups of people and have never been disappointed. The service is excellent. They pay attention to the details of finer dining establishments and have service that's comparable. The menu is on the heavy side and if I were basing it just on the menu I'd give it 3 stars. The only option for light fare are the salads. It's the only thing that won't make you feel like you just ate a half pound of butter and cheese. The layout of the restaurant is very interesting as it used to be an old First Interstate Bank (remember those?!) The numerous winding hallways make it obvious that it wasn't designed as a restaurant. It definitely adds to the charm of the place, but you're for sure to get lost on the way to the bathroom the first time you're there. They also have a large banquet room which used to be the Bank's safe. The very thick interior walls are exposed so as not to mask the fact that you're eating in the safe! That's very cool.
5	Awesome food, get the Tour of Rigatony's and you get a little bit of everything. The food is awesome, the service is great, and be sure to get a glass of chianti with your meal. Best Italian in the valley in my opinon.
4	This food is tasttttttttttttttttyyyyyyMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMOk, I'm with Paul on one point.  The tour of rigatony's is HUGE and awesome if you're an undecided sort of person, like meHowever, I had the rigatony's baked rigatoni.  OMG.  Authentic Italian?  Probably not.The rigatoni consisted of noodles, covered in marinara (which is very excellent tasting), then topped with garlic alfredo sauce and melted mozz..... mmmmRich, decadent, satisfying.... I love.Great service too.My 5 star for Italian is still reserved for Va Bene, but... this place is pretty darn tasty.Oh, and pretty cheap too!
5	it's apparent that this place use to be a bank, but after stepping inside you don't even notice you just stepped into a bank. it's like you just stepped inside a restaurant in italy. haha not really but the feeling takes over.the service was great!! they were so nice and very knowledgeable. when i was there one of the servers dumped a whole tray of drink on to this customer's table. the customers were understandable about the whole situation. her co-workers helped her out and didn't leave her hangin', that's always nice....the food was great!! it was VERY good!! i had the Veal with Lemon and Artichoke YUMMMMY!!! and my sister had the Cataloni that was heavenly good!i'll post pics later, but that place was really good. i would so go back there for dinner.WAY TO GO RIGATONY'S!!!!
