5	Unfortunately, I have had reason to use the services of T&S several times.  They are always friendly and professional and insurance companies seem happy to work with them.  Most importantly, their work is top notch.  Some of the repairs they have made did not seem possible.  I highly recommend them.
5	I used T&S on the recommendation from my insurance agent and I couldn't be more satisfied. They tailored a visit to my house based on my schedule and the installer (Frank) was courteous, prompt, and very nice. If I ever have to get my windshield replaced again (hopefully not) T&S will be the only company I will call.
5	T&S did an excellent job on my car. Install was fast and very clean. I have had companies replace windshields previously, and they leave the car a mess.  No need to clean up after them. I would highly recommend them.
5	Phenomenal, top-notch at-your-home or place of business service.  Repaired my wife's car's windshield in record time.  Opted for them again when my own windshield cracked.  Installer finished in record time . . . but I soon discovered he had broken my rear-view mirror.  Very upset when I found out he had tried to secure it inside the mount using double-sided sticky tape . . . and when he told me that this was a "trick of the trade."  Guess he didn't know I used to be an automotive engineer/mechanic.  So I spoke directly to Stuart (one of the owners) who is the HEIGHTH of professionalism; he ended up getting me a completely new mirror and driving out to install it personally.  Still in shock over that--how many bosses take that kind of trouble these days?  Everthing was fixed to my satisfaction.  I cannot comment enough on Stuart's professionalism and his going out of his way to help me and "make it right."  Please give him all of your auto glass business!!!!!
5	They had a slight issue with my glass fitting and had to come out a few times til they got the right piece. This was no fault of their own, as it was a distributor issue. On the last visit Monte their customer rep came out with the technician to ensure the glass for and to give me some FaceTime. This says volumes about their business. This is truly a top notch company with customer satisfaction their number one concern. Hopefully I'll never have to replace another window, but if I do T and S are my first call. Thanks guys!
5	Just like the other reviews, J.J. was my technician and was Great!!  He could not have been more professional, knowledgeable or personable!!  They were on time, explained what he was doing and gave me a mini lesson on windshield replacement while he worked, even though he was just filling a chip!Thanks again!!
5	I was very happy with the service provided by T & S Glass. Marshall came out yesterday and replaced my cracked windshield. He was very professional, knowledgable and very personable.  I will definitely use them again in a heart beat!
