4	love the owner PETER ! great hands ! GREAT massage ! salon is gorgeous , cleaned , tools are sanitized , brand new files and buffers and pumice !
5	This place is GREAT. Sadly, I moved too far to go for my weekly pedicures and waxing... But I was a devoted customer for about a year! My eyebrows always looked great, my toes perfect and my nails were as well. They can do a mani-pedi at the same time to save you time. They offer massages which I never took advantage of. They also do hair, but I never had them do that either. The place is clean and actually pretty relaxing. They have good magazines and it is worth waiting for an apt. Only downfall, it is a little more pricey than a lot of the places you can find in Vegas. But you do get what you pay for. I believe my pedicure and eyebrows were about 45 bucks with tip.
5	In the day and age of suburban strip mall day spas, Vegas is perhaps the leader of them all.  If the first industry in Vegas is gaming and tourism, then the beauty spa industry has got to be a close second.  Having said all of that, one could go to just about any strip mall for a full service day of beauty in Las Vegas.  But what sets Pamper Me Spa & Salon apart from all the rest is that its prices cannot be beat.I've had the pleasure of getting my mani/pedi, hair and brows done here, sometimes on the very same day!  These services make me a regular (these roots don't stay brown on their own ya know!).  They offer bottled water while you get whatever service you need done.  In this blazing heat, bottled water is a welcomed treat.  The spa is bright and colorful, Peter (the owner) is very warm and welcoming and knows your name after your second visit.  The full service spa includes massages, body wraps, salt glow scrubs, and facials and I intend to try some of these, if not all of these things out very soon!  They even offer two types of reasonably priced internal cleansing systems for those who wish to beautify within: ionic detoxification and colon hydrotherapy.  The prices are so right, I may just have to do some internal housekeeping and beautification.Mani/pedis start at $37, they do great gel nails, both liquid and powder (gel is $55 and powder is $45), silk wraps plus acrlyics (pink and whites are $45).  For those of you living in the northwest, I highly suggest you give them a try.  Pamper Me Spa & Salon is located on North Rancho and Craig in the Smith's shopping center.  After your day of beauty, I suggest you go across the street to the Draft House for a tall cool one (your choice of spirits) and an appetizer while the patrons marvel at your polished fabulousity.  Enjoy!
4	love only because Julie that does my hair works there, my sis had her nails done one time by them and didn't care for it. of course everyone has their own opinion...
5	A one-stop salon, literally!! The have all sorts of services here: waxing, massages, mani/pedi, acrylics, Shellac, Rock Star, and cut/color for hair. The staff here is really friendly. Bottled water and tea is complimentary! I usually make an appointment with Peter when I am in town and in need of a Shellac or Rock Star mani/pedi, or an acrylic Glitter full-set! He has a calming and charming energy and its always fun chatting with him. The trickling waterfall mount at the front truly sets the precedent of a calming/relaxing spa experience..  He had always done a great job on my nails and it would go on for weeks without lifting. I can't stand the way it looks when my manicure/acylics are grown out. And honestly, sometimes by week 2-3, I wish it would lift a little so I can take them off and get a new set. :X Peter is the guy you should go to if you hate "lifting!!"
4	Just got a haircut by Bee. My original hair lady moved away 6 months ago, and before her I wasn't able to find anyone to cut my hair the way I want it. But Bee was able to do it on my first visit! The experience was different.. He actually wasn't extra gentle.. And he stood behind me to cut the front of my hair.. He just got into some weird positions I guess you could say lol. But everyone cuts in their own way! Over they phone they told me a cut would be $20 but when I paid they said $30.. It was probably because my long hair and the technical style I wanted.. But I love my hair enough to not complain w them. Bottom line is he knows what he is doing, and does what you ask! Got his card and definitely going back.
4	Stumbled upon this place because it is near my boyfriend's house and I was desperate for a pedicure and gel/shellack manicure. I was able to get in right away, it was reasonably priced, service was friendly and my nails look nice. I can't say how they're other services are (looked like they also do hair, waxing, massage and facials) but I would recommend it for nails and the other services were busy (a good sign) and also reasonably priced.
4	Got the Rock Star Mani.. I love it..
5	I recently found this place on accident and I totally lucked out!  I needed to pedicure and was running errands near this area.  While I was driving home, I saw the sign for nails, so I pulled in to find the store.  When I walked in to Pamper Me, I knew I was in a different shop than I normally see.  It was such a nice change from the normal cattle car nail place where people are shuffled in and out as fast as possible.  The chairs are separated some, instead of being on top of one another.  The lighting is nice and not so bright like the other shops I've been to.  You are also greeted with smiles and a big welcome by whoever is closest to you.  I was quickly greeted and taken care of right away.  My nail tech, I can't remember his name, was so nice and friendly.  He was older and a little flirty, but in a nice old man way that is charming.  He got me a bottle of cold water, which was so nice after being out in the heat, and went to work.  The pedi was great and even included a hot rock rub down which was delightful!  My toes are now beautiful too!They also do everything else here to like hair, massages, waxing, and fun spa stuff you expect.  The prices are all very reasonable and the service you get is nice.  I picked up a brochure on all of the services and I can't wait to go back for more pedis and maybe some other services toPamper Me is a hidden gem, so go check it out and enjoy!
2	Calling this a "day spa" is highly misleading.  It's more of a nice nail salon that has a room where they can do a massage.  I saw nothing "day spa" about it - particularly when I sat in the waiting area, looked up at the flourescent lenses in the ceiling and saw it loaded with a bunch of insect bodies and remains.  And I don't mean two or three - I mean like 20-40!  The other flourescent fixtures had only two or three.And at that, the "massage room" was ill equipped.  Twice during my massage the attendant had to say excuse me and exit the room (once for the hot stones, and the next for warm towels) - letting in the harsh flourescent lighting glare and completely breaking the relaxing atmosphere and ambience that once should be able to expect and enjoy during a massage.   I had a manicure here once a couple years ago, and was very unimpressed and annoyed by how much the manicurist kept trying to sell me on a more expensive service.  No means no!!So if you're looking for a day at the spa - this is NOT the place to go.  If you just want to go in and get a utilitarian massage, then go for it.
5	Definitely felt pampered!!!What a great spa and salon! I never would have known it even existed if not for Yelp and the other reviews that were good enough to get me and my aunt (who needs silk wraps since she is allergic to acrylic) in for mani/Pedi's. I live in Centennial and the only really good one in my zip code doesn't do silk wraps so for my aunt I researched and found Pamper Me Spa & Salon and I'm so glad I did. I have to be honest, the location put me off a bit I thought it was a lot farther from me, but it was only 5 or so minutes from my house in the 89149 zip code when I jumped on the 95. The staff, every last person, was so nice, whether they were just walking past or assisting us they all said hi and a couple even chatted for a few seconds. We were put in pedicure chairs immediately although we were about 10 minutes early for our appointments. The receptionist called us by our names the whole time. We were offered bottled water. All the tools were sanitized and in little packs that were individually sealed per use. No cheese graters here and I was asked if I wanted the callous remover used, it was a one time use, throw away kind. The guy who did my aunts mani/pedi made recommendations about what she should do in order to help her nails grow in stronger and healthier while wearing nails. They also do massages, have a hair salon and offer some other services. They are affordable and a treasure find. I'm really glad I found them and will definitely go back again, my aunt who lives in Lake Las Vegas has decided they are worth the drive and she too has said she will be going to them for now on. They have 2 new, very happy clients! P.S. Since I just get polish on my real nails it usually begins to chip the same day, but it's been almost 12 hours and it still looks perfect. They did a clear coat, the polish twice and then another different clear coat on the top, compared to the usual wham bam service of maybe a coat or 2 of polish this was great!
4	I purchased a certificate for a massage through the KSHP radio shopping show. Making an appointment was easy and the service was wonderful! Peter is the massage therapist. He is extremely skilled and found "knots" in my back that I did not know I had, even with intense chiropractic therapy I am going through. I have had many, many massages of several kinds; shiatsu, swedish, deep tissue therapy and this massage was the best I have ever had, PERIOD! It is now the next day and all the knots in my back are still gone totally. I am going back on a regular basis and highly recommend Peter. His demeanor was wonderful and the shop was clean as the prior reviews note. The atmosphere for the massage was very soothing with relaxing music and candles and clean/hygenic equipment and sheets. If you have any pain I also recommend the "hot stone" therapy, too. These rocks release alot of tension and helped eliminate the knots and pain. Enough said!
5	First time here but I really like this place!! It's very clean and the staff is very friendly. They're not very busy, I was able to get right in. She was very gentle with my feet. I usually get some pain from pedicures but she was great. Got both a manicure and a pedicure and they both look great! I'll be back!!
1	They're wayyyyyy to overpriced!!  To fill long stilleto nails costs 33 dollars ! 8 to replace.. Which he only filed down!  Kyle was a little dry the kicker was when he blamed the previous tech for the lumpiness!!!! That he caused w the fill!! Stay away go to passion nails!!  A MESS!!!!!!!!
1	How does this place have 4 stars!!! Hardly any polish to choose from. This saln is NOT clean, someone needs to mop! Makes me wonder how clean the tools they use are :( The girl who did my pedicure was obviously inexperienced!  She kept looking at my facial reaction to see if she cut or nicked me! Never again! I'll stick to Image Salon down the road where real professionals work.
1	Never again will I go here or recommend it to anyone. They rushed threw my daughter's and her bridal party's nails even though we had an appointment.  Did a lousy job, made my daughter cry, still charged full price and we had to go to another salon to get them fixedShame on you Peter... the owner was right there.Again ill say it, terrible service and do NOT recommend!
4	The owner Peter is amazing. I go there currently for pedicures, done by anyone, they are all just as good there, Peter always does my nails (natural, shaping, color and sometimes gel) he spends EXTRA time making sure my nails are perfect because they are real, I do notice that detail he pays to his work. I also go every other month for a massage, I used one of the lady's that was working there once and it was not worth it at all, but again Peter has magic hands, always helping get the kinks out.My complaint would be there are no good hair dressers there so I am still looking and would have loved this to be an all in one like it's suppose to be, also Miriam is no longer there, who was the only person I trusted with my eyebrows and then later my leg waxing, she has moved to a new location and I have followed her. Very inexpensive, well done pedis and manis and massages. Easy parking, never waited longer than 10 mins, if you make an appointment (you can typically get same day) you are seen right away. They got it together, half way. Get some better hair stylist and skin/wax/ staff and it's brilliant.
