5	This place is HUGE! Why don't they have one of these in the east coast? Everything you need in a pinoy kitchen and pantry is here. Call it the Stop&Shop of Filipinos.
2	This place was the place to go for filipino groceries, that was until Seafood city came on the map. This place was popular, always in demand. Now? not so much.This place is ok for the most part. To me it seemed like a ghost town when I walked in. Only one cashier and maybe 2 workers in the meat section *all I needed was a tumbleweed rolling across the floor*. If you dont like dealin with the headaches of parking at Seafood city, this may be an alternate shopping place for you.
3	I took my mom here last friday. My mom said she "needed a few things." Yeah, and then we have a cart full of stuff; chuckles. Though we live less than five minutes away, this was my first time in this store. I can tell you from living in the San Francisco Bay Area, I've been to so many Filipino stores, practically, for the first 18 years of my life. (When we moved here in 1991, there were a handful of places to go to; now, since there is a much larger asian population, there are more asian markets- which is good for us).I agree with JC- the place is huge. There is a restaurant inside, Manila Sunset, as you enter, on the left side with some chair and table seating. And I also agree with Lisa S.- that it was a ghost town- only two people working, and a handful of customers, mostly lookie lous- and we were the only ones at checkout. My mom got the bulk of her shopping at the fish section (on ice, but you pick it yourself, then have the butcher cut it or clean it to your liking). There is a small produce section. Near that section is the "fresh cuts," in which the fruits are precut and prepackaged. The aisles (potted meat products like spam, noodles, beans, spices, shrimp chips, crackers, and baked goods like pan-de sal, and pan-de-leche) are stacked full and in nice order. My mom kept talking about how the prices have gone up for this and that; her total grocery bill was less than $30 (and this is for 2 weeks).   The negatives of the store: (1) I've never seen boxes and boxes stacked on the shelves before, like around 40 feet of boxes- kinda tacky to use the shelves as storage (2) there is no real standing upright freezer present, there is a freezer section, with ice cream (Magnolia & Nestle), lumpia wrapper, etc., (3) the AC is not used, so on an especially humid day, it was pretty uncomfortable inside (maybe they turn it off at the end of the day, I don't know) and (4) the "blue live crab" seemed lifeless.The positives of the store: (1) due to the size and popularity, you will not have a hard time with a crowd here, both in the store at check out, and parking-wise (2) Magnolia ice cream for $6.99 (macapuno, mango, ube, and halo-halo- I love Filipino ice cream flavors) (3) the fish section is pretty big, and my mom always tells me that if the eyes are red, they're bad, so don't buy them and (4) no funky yucky stinky smell associated with ethnic markets- that's a plus, I cannot stand smelly places (or people, for that matter, but that's a story for another day). Would I come here again? Yes, for two reasons, if my mom needs a ride here again, and Magnolia ice cream.
2	As much i wanted to love this store more than any other filipino grocery stores, i just can't.Okay, my mom loves to buy bibingka, and any other cooked food at Manila Sunset (?) which is inside the grocery store. Whenever we're around the complex, she has to make sure she buys something from there.The grocery? You can't go wrong, it is huge! I think it's as huge as Seafood City! Lots of selection. But this place is dead...i mean, there are no people shopping. I always think that this place would close any time soon, although this place is not really hard to find.So one time i went here to grab a couple snacks to bring with me on a road trip. So i decided to buy a LOT of filipino chips. Much to my surprise, all the snacks tasted horrible! They were OLD! I can't believe i never realized that since the place is such a ghost town, of course, nobody would shop there, and they still keep their food eventhough it's been sitting there for a while. NEVER ever gonna shop there again!
1	Honestly, I don't think I'd come in here even to take a shit, let alone get food. Walked up to the doors, and when they opened, the stench of less-than-fresh fish blasted us in the face. We shook our heads and held our breaths, deciding to walk in and look anyway...The shelves were pretty barren, and right smack in the meat/fish area, there were four garbage bags sitting on the floor, next to food that was ready to be stocked. Yeah, no. Never again. We promptly left and headed for less foul places.
5	Love this Place :)  Everything I Need is there...Reminds me back in the PI.   :)From renting Filipino DVD,Banks, Fast food, & Grocery...
