3	Looking for a local greasy spoon in east Charlotte?  This place has slipped under the radar for some reason.I used to go here on a regular basis when I worked nearby.  Ted's has been on Monroe Rd since the early 1980's.  The lunchtime is pretty busy and its nice to see blue and white collar workers mixing together.  The food is pretty good.  It's your typical Greek-owned-Southern-down-home-cooking place.  The lunch specials are around $6.  They have a superburger, which is decidedly American in its caloric value and bulk.      I love the gyros as well, they don't spare on the meat.  And the onion rings...HOMEMADE.Their specialty is Grecian Chicken.  Its roasted and covered in an orange spice/sauce.  A little greasy...but its called a greasy spoon for a reason.  If you're on Monroe Rd. between Sardis and Idlewild, its not a bad stop for lunch.  Its near across the street from the Amish furniture store and down the street from the McAlpine Park.  And if you're a regular, the wait staff will likely learn your name.
4	Ted's is NOWHERE NEAR Eastland.  It's a stone's throw from McAlpine Park and the train bridge on Monroe Rd.  That's about 8 miles  from Central Ave at Sharon Amity and shutdown forever Eastland Mall.  Don't say no to Teds thinking it is in the HOOD.  It is not.If you like the big, greasy-delicious cheeseburger, hot fries, and sweet tea or soda,  Teds is a place you must visit once in your lifetime and their fare is far reaching including great combos, BBQ, salads, pitas, sandwiches, and desserts including eclairs and baklava all made fresh on site.  They sell tees and ball caps too if you want a souvenir.  Located between a small strip center of Latino businesses and a tattoo parlor.  Look for the big yellow sign.   Inexpensive and delicious. Great little place and well maintained.    Andale Andale....hurry.
5	So we moved offices so goodbye Southend!! Hello Monroe :) !! We came into Ted's our first week at our new spot and have now made it over there at least twice a week! It's in a small shopping center but has been there forever! Walk up to the counter and order then take your seat and wait for it to be up ready! They have daily specials from a Grecian Chicken over Rice (get it with a Pita), Tenderloin Tips get a salad with Greek dressing sooo good, Chicken and Dumplings this is just to name a few. Ive had all of those but lately Ive been on a Gyro kick and let me just say that this is by far the best Gyro I've ever had!! I don't know what it is but the meat, the sauce, and the Pita make it all delicious!! The ladies behind the counter are super helpful and remember what you like no matter how many times you go in!
5	This is a great local business to support. The staff is super nice and are more then willing to accommodate you. My husband and I occasionally stop in for bite. I love the friend chicken, fried squash and buttered rice. The meal comes with a soft, white, buttered roll. My husband always gets the super boy burger, which he loves. Ted's is definitely a greasy spoon restaurant, but perfect if you're in the mood for that. Sweet tea- Very sweet Fried squash- I call these golden nuggets of HEAVEN! Yes, they are that good! Desserts- They have a fridge of premade deserts e.g. baklava.
5	The best baked chicken I've ever had! I've been driving by Teds for years and just recently stopped in. The Grecian chicken is the best!
3	I used to go to Ted's for lunch, and when I say I used to go to Ted's for lunch, I mean something like a decade ago. Maybe even longer. Now I drive by Ted's and think "I need to go back to Ted's", which leads to the problem of getting to Ted's.It isn't that the process is particularly hard, as you can pull in right off of Monroe. It is that they never seem to be open. They do not open for breakfast, which is when the perfect dive of a place would be open. They do not open much on weekends, which is when I typically find myself driving by. So you have to time it just right.If you should happen by on those hours - generally lunch or dinner during the week, or like an hour on Saturday - then it is worth a visit. Probably nothing outstanding, but they are very friendly, have some good sweet tea and you can say you've been. But there is also very little that is really memorable, and you may find yourself wondering just what happened when you leave. Sort of like a Men in Black memory wiper.
4	Cheap, tasty food served by friendly people in a quaint environment.
4	I'm a fan of Ted's! One of my fiance's old co workers told us to check out this restaurant. We really liked it!The people have always been friendly, and the price is unbeatable. We actually haven't been in awhile, and funny how I brought up this place again today. I'm sure we'll be going back real soon!
3	Ted's is like one of those diner's you can find in small towns, with the ever dependable "regulars" always there around lunch time. Let me paint you a picture; never-ending sweet tea, fried chicken with sides of green beans, potato salad, and okra, and of course big hamburgers. Their menu is fairly diverse what a Southern restaurant, their service is speedy, and you'll hardly ever pay more than ten bucks for a huge meal. However, the food is stuck somewhere in the middle of average and just ok. If I'm starving and want a cheap, quick meal in East Charlotte, I wouldn't hesitate to eat at Ted's. But when t comes to taste, it just isn't that great. I've ate there a couple of times and despite always feeling full, I never quite felt satisfied afterwards.
5	Awesome food! One of Charlotte's hidden gems!  I have been eating at Ted's for over 20 years and they ALWAYS serve excellent food!  I love the chicken on pita.... they have the best Tzatziki sauce!!  Yummy!!!  I also love their special Grecian chicken with the salad!!
5	I absolutely love Ted's. They are always friendly and the food is yummy. The superburger for my son, Grecian Chicken for the husband, and they have the best veggie wrap for me. Gus is great. If you're just driving by and not stopping,  you're missing out.
