5	At first I thought the the name of this restaurant was Anal's, so I wasn't really sure about where my brother and his wife were taking me.  I ended up having a terrific meal.  I couldn't even tell you what I ate but I know it was good!  Most of the items on the menu were unknown to me but everything we ordered looked and tasted wonderful.  I recommend trying something different here at Anal's...  I mean Amel's.
5	I've been here before, many years ago. The owner is a colleague of my dad. When I suggested that we go here the other night, everyone in the family enthusiastically responded "yes". So this is really six reviews with 5 stars.The atmosphere is nice. The inside looks like a typical neighborhood restaurant. Clean, nicely decorated, but not all fancyish. There are two bars: one in the dining room, and one on the other side (where smoking is allowed).Both parking and the entrance is around back.The food is excellent. The fare is typical mediterranean: hummus, babaganoush, stuffed grape leaves, pita, gyros, kabobs, etc. Every bit of our meals was good. We a couple of platters as appetizers that were delicious. My chicken tamboule was great too.The service was also perfect. I wish I could remember the waitress' name. She did a great job.Oh, and they have a surprisingly good selection of beers.Enjoy
3	Great family atmosphere... Food is average. Get the hummus without onions or you'll be overpowered.
4	If you are looking for good mediterranian food this is your place in the suburbs of Pittsburgh. They do not have a gluten free menu but they will work with you. Their house salad is super yummy as is their hummus, all homemade. They also have a salad that has a homemade ranch dressing, at the moment I cannot recall the name. Sorry!Decently priced. They also have a large drink menu and a bar.
2	Had the chicken kabob and hummus. Didnt enjoy either, hence, the two stars. On the other hand, the bartender was really nice. Might give a second try.
5	As I have mentioned in a few other reviews I use to live in Brookline and this place was a go to from the start. Known as one of the best mediterranean restaurants in town and bragged about but many of the Brookline residents. My wife and I went here and they didn't disappoint. Stuffed grapes leaves, braised lamb shank with cracking....Yum Yum Yum. I have not had the chance to try very many things on the menu but everything I have ordered here has been really good. If you make it down to the south hills and want some authentic mediterranean cuisine this is the place to be.
5	Amel's feels like a place that your grandmother decorated in the 90's, but because the food is so great, you see it as charm with a little romance instead of feeling a little old.If you are going at a peak time, reservations are a must here because it can become quite crowded and the dining style is relaxed, so tables do not turn over quickly.The menu contains Mediterranean, Greek and American fare.  The hummus appetizer is a must on regular visits and the sampler is a good choice for introducing the place to a new comer.  The hummus comes served with a warmed pita, bread and onions (yum).  The wine menu is quite limited, but it offers a favorite 'pleases everyone' wine we drink sometimes, so it does not disappoint.For dinner, we have tried everything from kabob sampler, magic carpet rides and other chicken dishes, beef tips and salmon.  Entrees typically come with a salad that comes with a signature house lemon vinaigrette.  The salad really is dressed to the nines with cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, olives and feta.  The food does not try to be fancy, instead just fresh, classic dishes.  The desserts are delicious and very highly recommended, so if you are too full, you certainly will want to get some to go.Service tends to hover around average, so nothing to complain or write home about there.  After a bottle of wine, two meals and often dessert, our bill typically runs over $100, so it is not an everyday place, but certainly a place that you will want to come back to.
5	A group of 7 of us went to Amel's for New Years Eve.  While it was extremely crowded, we had quick service and fantastic food.  The fried feta in phyllo was fantastic, as was my filet mignon stroganoff.  Everyone enjoyed their meal, and it was a great way to kick off New Years Eve!  Can't wait to get back, and try some more fantastic grub!
4	Lunch was outstanding! Double down with hummus and tabulee.Will be back for dinner soon!!
4	While I can't yelp but think that the music, decoration, and overall ambiance of Amel's is pure tacky cheese, their food continues to deliver anyways. The one way parking lot both in the front and rear of the building starts the meal with more frustration than delight.  The outside condition of the restaurant and other buildings surrounding it also don't bode well.The first "seat yourself" table we sat at was bussed, and reset for dinner, it was also dirty.  They didn't replace the white paper, and there was some type of food smeared on the corner. We moved.The service was generally good but the upsell was present in every breathe. It gets old because you are already plunking down a wad of hard earned cash.  The suggestions were good ones.The hummus sampler was very good with the grilled lamb/pomegranate being very tasty! The Amel's salad of greens with lemon/mint dressing was good.  The upsell of feta was a good idea.  Why they don't just include it and increase the price for the salad, I'm not sure.  It would have lacked something without the feta.  There's a freshness of herbs in the salad -- it was a great start.I had the mixed grille kabob --- (2) pieces lamb, (1) filet, (1) chicken (1) shrimp, (2) tomatoes, (1) piece of onion.  While admittedly I am a big guy, I could have eaten two of these.  The amount of food was too little given the price tag.  I can get a full 1/2 pound filet kabob at Giant Eagle for about $5. Or mixed Filet/Chicken for $5. Compare this to the $21.00 charged for essentially the same thing.  It was flavorful, but just questionable value.I think that if they threw on another shrimp to keep the other one company, and perhaps another piece of chicken, and charged $25 I would have been happier.My wife's pasta athena with chicken was very good as well.While the service is a bit cheeky for me, and the ambiance definitely shaky, the food overcomes the majority of my concerns.  The value is semi-questionable.  They definitely deliver on flavor, and I'm rounding up to 4 for Amel's.
1	Worst service ever!!! We were a party of 10 had a reservation and you think they care about your reservation? Heck no!!! Waited for our table for an hour!!!! No body came check on us, we have been waiting by an empty table, no apologies, and when we ask about the table, they were really mean and rude, the hostess was not doing her job and they ended up kicking us out because they were upset how impatient we were, no.... I think anyone would be upset waiting for reservation for that long. Worst experience ever!!! Will defiantly not go there again!!
5	I love this place!!!! Never had a bad meal. I always get some sort of kabob and its delicious. I also love the decor and vibe of the place. I make everyone take me there on my birthday and I take my mom every Mother's Day. Never a disappointment.
2	I'll second the other reviewer that said for the price charged, the amount of food you receive doesn't measure up. Furthermore, Pittsburgh still has yet to have any quality schawarma. I ordered both the beef and chicken schawarma to sample. The beef:- clearly frozen boxed 'steak-ums' as opposed to freshly shaved off a doner.- a measly 2 slices at that, I basically had a wrap of lettuce and tomato w/ a hint of beefThe chicken:- clearly a once frozen and somewhat freezer burnt sliced chicken breast again as opposed to being freshly sliced off a doner and a mix of white and dark meat. this leaves the meat dry and tasteless. - maybe a half of a chicken breast if I was luckyNo toum or similar sauce served at all with either dish?!?! That's hitting a whole new low for fake schawarma. Hostess was great, service was adequate. I have no motivation to return. Hopefully one day Pittsburgh will have good choices when it comes to Greek and Med. food. Today is not that day.
3	We went for Brunch on a fabulous sunny day. We sat on the deck. The waitress was kind and friendly. The Mimosa was extra large, no skimping here! The veggie flatbread was delicious although the olive oil tasted old, rancid....perhaps the bottle sat out in the sun too long, perhaps they do not go through enough. It kinda ruined my  veggie flatbread. We will return to try more...because I want more :)
4	This is a great find in Pittsburgh and out of the way.  Located on the back of Mt Washington, you will only find locals here.  First, the ambiance I so pleasing.  It is an eclectic place, tastefully done and offers inside and outside seating.  My favorite is sitting at the bar which is a split bar, like a mirror image.  There is something magical about this place in addition to great food.  The lighting in the main dining room is artful--adorned by CX design lighting like walking into a forest of glowing hanging flowers.For starters we had the humus sampler which was a meal in itself.  I had a hankering for something different and went way outside the Mediterranean venue and right into the meatball hoagie.  I don't know why, but I did and was so rewarded. I am finding the breads in Pittsburgh to be their best kept secret.  My wife had the grape leaves as a diner and it was such a generous portion we needed to take it home. One of our guests had a lamb kabob, that was tasteful but the lamb was a little tough to cut.  I f I get to Pittsburgh again, this is a must.
4	Wonderful surprise in the South Hills desert of chain eateries. Romantic interior that's a refreshing throwback, and the best hummus and iced tea I had in Pittsburgh. The kebabs are sizzling, generous, and delicious, and the staff friendly.
5	I love Amel's.  The food is always wonderful and the service is great.  I love that this is an old place.  It feels warm and familiar when you walk in.  The Amel's salad with extra feta is superb;  it was a weekly takeout order for me when I lived in Mt. Lebanon.  The bar is very cool, neighborhood-y friendly and classic, and the dining room decor is fun and kinda magical.  I have had kebabs, chicken dishes, salads, appetizers and desserts, and it has always been delicious.  My only regret is that I don't get to the south hills as often as I would like to visit.  Definitely a great place.
4	A diverse menu, with, as expected, mediterranean-themed food. Lots of daily specials. A little bit crampled and can be noisy. Not inexpensive and not food allergy friendly--but generally very enjoyable.
3	Local local local - working class excellence. People who value a good meal at a good price amongst friendly folk should make this a must-do. The interior is homey old-school but clean. The waitstaff knows - by name - many patrons. The owner is super nice and friendly and very hands-on. An addition into an adjacent space is in the works.One problem that cost a full star off the rating - only two beer selections on tap - think river water product. Other selections available in bottles, but let's face it - a great fish sandwich becomes a good fish sandwich if the brew with which to wash it down is not gratifying. Perhaps a request for EastEnd Brewing is warranted?
4	After driving by Amel's several times and laughing at the pink genie street sign, the boyfriend and I decided to give it a shot around 7 PM on a Friday night.  Best. Decision. Ever! I drove and was happy to see a  parking lot in the back.  Restaurant was dark and decor was unique with painted murals on the wall. We were told the wait would be about 20 minutes, so we stopped by the bar.  Moments after receiving my wine, we were seated.  A 20 minute wait wasn't bad, but a 5 minute wait was even better!  Food was incredible.  Fresh, homemade, local, very filling!Appetizer: Stuffed peppers.  3 decent-sized peppers & complimentary freshly baked pita bread.  Entree: Chicken something-or-other (I can't find name on the online menu).  Bone-in chicken thigh from a local farm; rice pilaf; veggies.  Service: Decent - the only reason I decided on 4 stars, instead of 5. Waitress was friendly, but not terribly attentive (perhaps because they were busy?).  She stopped by to take order, deliver appetizer & food, and to deliver check, and I found myself beverageless a couple times.  Overall, delicious food and a nice experience.
4	This restaurant has a lovely atmosphere. It's beautifully decorated. Our server was attentive. We started out with a hummus platter. It was just ok, the pita was pretty dry. I ordered the chicken Romano it was absolutely delicious. The pasta that came with it was also good. I will be back again soon.
5	Great food and my favorite She Crab soup!  Great beer selection and desserts too. Atmosphere is nice too.
