3	My husband and I checked this place out with another couple. It was Saturday night and the place had just recently opened..it was packed!! We only had to wait about 15 min until we were texted that a table was ready. The staff are all girls that are scantily clad...something similar to the gals on Dukes of Hazard...cleavage proudly displayed, midriffs showing. Not offensive but perhaps not the place you might want to take your kids if you have concerns about such attire. Our waitress was friendly and gave us great suggestions for drinks and food. Their food is a tad on the spicy side. I would have been caught off guard  that my Grilled Chicken Cobb Salad was going to have the zip that it did had our waitress not pointed that out. Spicy is ok with me..it was delicious! The others ordered burgers, chicken sandwiches and steak...all commented that their food was spicier than expected. Overall the food was good, the service was great, and they have lots of screens to view sports and other things but I'm giving it only 3 stars because of the spicy food (I like it but some of my friends don't so I won't suggest we go out with them here) and the music is LOUD which makes conversation difficult.
4	I had no idea what this place was about until I walked in the door in the middle of the day the week they opened. I was greeted by a duo of incredibly pretty and young (college aged) women. Similar to Tilted Kilt, Blondie's, and Hooters - this is a place where you have your food served by beautiful young women dressed in... not much. It's an experience to be had for sure. The girls here are all pretty amazing looking - they clearly have high standards in that department. The food was decent - it was basically bar food. The sliders weren't mind blowing and neither was the Philly Cheesesteak. I did really enjoy the chips and cheese sauce though. Their fries are thick cut and heavily seasoned, but they weren't very crispy. I definitely want to try other items on the menu.The place is huge and the decor is modern representation of rustic snow lodge cabin. It's new, so everything is nice and clean. There are small flatscreen televisions on the tables in the booths and large flatscreens all around the restaurant, so I imagine this would be a fun place to go out with the guys to watch the game and get away from the wives. The service was quick and the girls were all very nice and friendly. It's just that sort of place.Nobody is going to dance on your table or lap if you hand them money... it's NOT that sort of place. However, if you just like to have this sort of view while you eat, you can't really go wrong. At least you will go home covered in grease and smelling like 1000 island dressing rather than covered in glitter and smelling like 1000 different perfumes. I'd rather have better food if it means more clothes on the waitresses, but that's me. I'm going to have to go back and try something else once they work the kinks out (if there are any to get worked out), but I wasn't displeased with Twin Peaks at all. My score is between a 3 and a 4... it's solid if this is your sort of thing.
2	I first of all found it odd that a place would open up called Twin Peaks when there is a 4 Peaks around the corner.  A bunch of us decided to give it a try for happy hour & it was ehhh at best.   Visually inside it is nice with the cabin feel and young girls in next to nothing. But the bartenders were weak, food was nothing to go back for and it felt like a JV team at best. But also taking in to consideration it did just open and the girls are not hired based on performance. The only thing it did have going for it was the people watching.  With a ratio of 1 girl to every 5 middle aged dbag it made for good entertainment.
2	Imagine a Hooters where the girls cut their outfits in half. That is about the only reason to go to this place. It's a decent sports bar for guys to hang out in but not for familys or with your wife. Lots of beers on tap, unfortunately they serve them at ice cold 29 degrees temperature which is ok for your bud light, coors light drinker but for craft beer it should be served at around 40 degrees. Hello McFly!!!  Food was typical bar food for the most part with a few modern choices. The meatloaf is more like just a hamburger patty than real meatloaf IMHO. The place specializes in breasts, and not chicken breasts.
3	Big televisions. Big beers. Big deebags.  Big boobs.  Food was adequate.
3	We all know what the decor is about.  The food is good, not great.  The large Pork Nachos is definitely large.  Pork was good, but they put diced pickles on there.  Not a pickle fan and the menu doesn't list the toppings.  The waitress just said pork, beans and cheese.  They were still good, just picked off tiny pickle pieces. The burgers are OK, 4 peaks does a much better job.  The beer selection is not listed on the menu and the waitress couldn't find her cheat sheet.  She had to keep going back to the bar to find out what they had on tap.  The best item was the apple turnover dessert.
3	I give Twin 3 stars... 1 for the TV's, 1 for the beers and 1 for the boobies!  The burgers are terrible!  The steak salad is good but not sure how many people will be writing reviews on the food when there is sooooo much to see.
3	Food is just ok. Menu is actually kinda lacking. Variety is weak. I got a burger and liked it. Prices are ok. The girls are mostly cute and half naked. They are VERY young. Been there twice and both girls were 20. Would be nice to have a better variety of mid to upper 20's. The servers have no real dress code as one girl was running around dressed as a balerina and the others dressed in garters and lingerie? These girls are 1 step away from being strippers.  I think it would look better if they all wore the khaki shorts with the plaid shirt top. The atmosphere is cool, TV's at each booth. Service was ok, I ordered a beer and waitress forgot it. The person i was with ordered the venison chile and that never came out. It's a coin flip for me between here and tilted kilt.
3	We had to try it after golf. Food was OK. Scenery was very nice and extremely young. Why do 18 year old girls think that tatoos on their bodies make them attractive??
1	Big let-down. The concept of the really cold beer is great, but it ends there. Service is horrible and it comes with horrible attitude. Food was okay. We got a really bad table with a glare from the sun and you couldn't see. Server said that she was really sorry she couldn't do anything about that. As I looked at the 4 - 5 empty tables around us we got up and left. It would have been so easy to offer us a new table and the bad one probably would have been fine in 20 minutes or less as the sun shifted. No food on the patio?  Really, in AZ?  And apparently it's serve yourself at the standing tables. The 7 somewhat attractive girls standing around couldn't be bothered to take an order. A restaurant like that shouldn't have any area other than the bar (where you have a bartender) that doesn't have service. Twin Peaks has it all wrong.  It needs to be about the customer and great service, not just the novelty of the views....
3	It is such a busy place.  Parking was by luck.  When we got seated it was so hard to have good conversation, the place was so loud.  Ordered only an appretizer because it took too long to receive the nachos.  The pulled pork nachos were very GOOD, the portion was more than enough for five to share & the chips were crunchy NOT soggy.  We will return for the gin, tonic with lime & the nachos.
4	Cute servers, great service, nice bar with lots of TVs... so what's the problem here? The food was gross... I mean terrible... I was here with a few friends and we ordered some wings and the fried cheese sticks at the server's suggestion. Both products looked like they were never strained coming out of the grease. You should have seen the oil dripping off those wings... just GD disgusting and soggy. We could not order any more food after that and I will not be back. I'm 43 now and just not that impressed by half naked 20 year-olds anymore. Four Peaks is across the parking lot with great food. See you there.UPDATE 7.17.12Their marketing person from HQ emailed me out of the blue and asked if I would give them a second chance, since she felt I visited during their opening nights. She believed that if I tried again, I would have a better experience. I was VERY impressed that they would take the time to inspect what they expect, but she also offered me a little discount... so I go in again for happy hour...This time I also took the wifey. As I said above, I am not that impressed by boobs and taking my lady would be a further good test of quality and service. We had the same thing I ordered before (wings and cheese sticks) and they were much much better. Actually the cheese sticks were awesome, big and meaty (if cheese can be meaty, that is). The service was excellent and I would put it way above their competition (you know who).  So, count me in... we're gonna try again when football starts so we can see how this plays out when it's an actual sports bar.I'm changing from two to four stars. Worth checking out.
3	Fun place.  Food is decent.  I was here on Super Bowl Sunday and it was packed.  I'd consider it again as a place to watch a game.
2	We kind of ended up here by mistake.  We wanted to go to Four Peaks but didn't realize this wasn't it until we were inside, so we stayed anyway.  It was quite busy for a Saturday at 3pm, and a service was slow.  We ordered two appetizers when we placed our drink order and then placed our food order when our drinks came out.  About 20 minutes later out came our appetizers...with our food, and an apology from the manager.  Something about our appetizers order getting lost.  Anyway, they took the apps off our bill, so that was good.  Had the mozzarella sticks and the queso and chips.  Both were pretty yummy. I had the blackened fish tacos which were ok...nothing great.  The flour tortillas they use are WAY too big though.  I had to tear a good inch off the top, and the fish filet inside didn't even reach the ends of the tacos.  Everyone else had burgers, and they said they were good.All in all, not horrible, but I don't see us going back...not when there are so many other restaurants nearby.My 3 teenage boys thoroughly enjoyed the scantily dressed waitresses though.  My one son said "this place shouldn't be called a brewery, it should be called a boobery!". Too funny.  (this place is not a brewery, but we had told them were we're going to four peaks).
4	Get past the girls and the food was really good! Girls were friendly and of course it was packed with guys who can't get a date! LOL
3	I think with the 3 star review Im giving the benefit of the doubt here.   Iv come here a fair amount since it opened as its up the street from my place.  My first time here was amazing, the service was amazing.  Every single time I have come here after....the service has really been a let down.  I get it...the place is always busy, the girls are pretty and they are busy selling their mouse pads and calendars n crap...but seriously, the waits for food and especially drinks can be out of control.  The food is so good tho, and the beers (if you wait 10-25 mins for them) are VERY cold.   I keep coming back.....so I guess Im not too bothered by it.
1	I hate this place! If you are into objectification of trashy club girls then this is the restaurant for you. Restaurant was filled with ugly, loser, ogling men. Food was gross, menu was lacking and service was crap. Our "waitress" sat down with us and acted flirty, then spilled my salad dressing all over the table and never came back and cleaned it up. Boobs don't make a meal good unfortunately. Will NEVER go back here again and recommend you don't waste your money or time.
5	This place is great.  Why the hell is anyone talking about the food here?
1	The photo says it all............I walked in, and left.    Snottsdale has sadly turned into a Breasts on Parade town,..and in this case, midriffs and booties as well.    I've now heard the restaurant nicknamed Four Cheeks....:(It's an insult to see these young girls foolishly putting themselves on display.  Having said that - it's really loud in there.....rustic decor....Head to Four Peaks Brewery/Restaurant in the same parking lot......the girls there are intelligent and wear clothes.
4	Better the HootersThe food was great. I had a surf and turf platter. The steak was cooked perfectly and the skrimps (lol) had a nice flavor. Skip the mashed taters...boring. The service was great, she was really attentive. They will upsell you the dessert and swag. We bought a calender for the young man in our group. There are some great coupons on the pages. ahhhemmm no really there are coupons. The building was not a strict man only type place. I would bring my kids here.
4	We came here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch after the good guys car show.  Had no problems getting seated and the waitress was really friendly.  She even got my 16 year old son to smile for a picture.(impossible to even get him to look at a camera)Our drinks never were empty and the food was good.  I had the meatloaf and mac and cheese.Best part of the lunch was watching the scottsdale snobs and their kids coming in and turning right around to leave when they realized they were in the wrong place.  It's really not that bad.Looking forward to hopefully having one on the west side of town.(hint hint)
2	On business travel and TP recommended by hotel staff. Went on a Thurs night for dinner alone at bar and place packed with bikers, yuppie bikers, UFC misfits, and 25-30 yr hat backward wearing tight "Affection" shirt guys. Ok, I will give it try. Sat at bar and took 15 mins to order a beer and menu. Waited over 20 mins for server to follow up with me or even take my order. Had enough of bad service bars with 22 yr gals dressed in slutty outfits to know that nothing (food) good is going to happend out of this experiment. Paid for beer and gone. This place seems to be more focused on their sexy waitresses' than service. BTW, not very bright gals working here. Nice clean place, but a mix of Road House, Porky's, and Scottsdale.
4	I have been here once with my family and a couple times with friends and enjoyed myself each time.  The beers are cold you can order the "MAN" size or "girl" size (nice marketing ploy)  The food was better than I had anticipated with large portions and full of flavor.  The only minor complaint I had was a Taco Plate that we sent back twice then gave up because it came out with cold meat so the cheese didn't melt.  The waitress appeared to get irritated with us even though we told her the rest of the food was great.  Oh well a minor incident compared to the remaining experience.  I really like the TV's in the booths and the bathroom so you don't miss a play.  The waitresses have always been alot of fun, they are knowledgeable about the menu simply stunning and willing to take a photo if you wish.  I find no issues with their outfits these woman are beautiful and certainly clothed with more than you would see at the pool.  This is a fun place for lunch just get there at 11am or anticipate a wait.  My colleagues and  I prefer to sit at the bar. (Views)  I look forward to a couple Sat - Sun football games this year as this place has more to offer than most.  Very clean and fun atmosphere.  Nice addition to the neighborhood.
4	The waitresses were as advertised (i.e. some great scenery).  We had some wings and the BBQ pork nachos.  Both were tasty.  The beer was good and was served in frosty glasses.
1	I understand I'm not dude and so I'm not there to stare at your "twin peaks" however, that being said I am there to buy a beer and when it takes the bartender 20 minutes just to get a beer I'm over it. So I was never gonna come back but was forced with a group of friends who wanted to eat and was just as upset as the first time. Fries were soggy and our server disappeared. We all decided were not going back. Just because your a good looking server doesn't give you an excuse for sucking.
3	I finally found a friend to check this place out with me on my lunch break yesterday.  She didn't know what she was in for but I knew she was an open-minded, up for anything type of gal.  I had been to the restaurant when it was Earls so I was shocked when we walked in and the place looked absolutely nothing like it's previous establishment.  The vibe is set as an outdoorsy/hunting/sports bar.  The girls are adorable and they have cute lumberjack tops, daisy dukes, and an assortment of boots.  Once we were settled in we looked around to see we were the only girls dining at the time.  It wasn't uncomfortable for us though which is extremely important.  I think the atmosphere is fun and a definite stop for happy hour soon.  I ordered the philly and she had the fish tacos.  My philly was excellent but I will most likely try something along the burger lines next time.  She couldn't stop ravings about the tacos so I assume they were pretty good.  I would recommend checking this place out when you can have a few beers and enjoy the patio.  Overall it was a great experience and I will definitely be dragging more friends here.
3	Very average food, but a fun place to bring a customer to. Our customer stared and really didn't say much which in itself was amusing. Our service was good...probably better than their food.
2	Good place to watch sports. Tons of TV's. Good looking girls. Service is not exceptional or above average. Food is not that great and the menu is quit small. Better restaurants and place in Scottsdale to see good looking people and sports.
3	The interior of this place is very nice. It was extremely busy but there was still seating. The patio was well laid out and had quite a bit of room. The service was ok although the waitresses seemed to get easily distracted by the tables of men hitting on them. At least the waitresses are dressed nicely and look pretty good as opposed to the typical hooters waitresses which are usually a bit beat and strippery. The burger I had was tasty and I enjoyed the spicy-ish fries. I would go back sometime.
4	Pretty much a Bass Pro Shop collided with a Hooters, but with better food and they don't sell guns or rods.Make sure you take note of the reviews about this place.  Most chick reviews hate it...hmm wonder why.
4	Not quite what I expected when me and my man walked in on Sat night and were greeted by a group of scantily clad bubbly young girls.  Guess the name should've given it away! Casual Hooters type atmosphere serving pub food but much better quality. Not surprisingly, 85% of the customers are 25-40 year males.Chicken poblano sandwich and chicken tacos were both very good and priced well at just under 10 bucks each.Looked like the popular item being shared was the heaping pile of cheesy nachos. Guess that would go down well with the cheap beer specials they offer til 7. I wouldn't have initially picked this place but the food and service was good and twin peaks girls were fun. I suggest giving this place a try, even if you're not a dude!
2	Not impressed.  I have been here twice.  The first time was just me and a girlfriend.  We were just grabbing a drink before going to a movie.  It had been open maybe a month by that time and it was pretty full.  Of course there were mostly male customers, which is to be expected.  I will admit that many of the servers are attractive.  However, I wonder if they have little experience serving or just don't like female customers.  I'm a server, so I don't feel bad criticizing.  You're supposed to get the customer to come back and you also want them to tell their friends.  My friend and I did not feel like a priority for the server, she did not spend much time talking with us at all.  For all she knew, we could have money to burn, but because of the service, she gets a crappy tip.The second time I went, my girlfriend and I both brought our significant others.  There wasn't that much of a difference.  Once again, we were just grabbing drinks before a movie.  Maybe due to the fact that we weren't ordering food or staying longer, she didn't feel that she needed to put more effort into her service.  If you ask me, that's when I, as a server, spend more time making sure that the customer's visit is a positive one.The server spoke very softly and didn't seem confident and lacked personality.  I wonder what qualifications these girls need to get hired....24" waist and at least a "C" cup??At a nearby table, we saw a male customer massaging the shoulders of one of the servers, which we thought was highly inappropriate, but the server obviously didn't mind at all.There are short video bios of each of the girls on several of their tv's.  It's pretty cheesy.Oh yeah, they don't do frozen margaritas.  What the french toast.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of food and the friendly waitresses. Unknown to me before arriving is that Twin Peaks is like a Hooters and Tilted Kilt - but better food. The pulled pork nachos was a tasty mountain of food, and the fish tacos were nicely spiced. Most importantly our waitresses were fun and didn't make an old guy married for 30 years feel uncomfortable.  Good clean fun, cold beer and good food - very hard to argue with.On the second visit - not so good. The waitress was not nearly as fun, and the food was so-so. Would have rated the 2nd visit a '2'. Hope that's not a general trend or else this place won't last.
5	Came for the beer, stayed for the scenery.
4	Sliders are to die for, and the Queso rocks.Enjoy the scenery as well!!!
5	This place is incredible...if you like great food, super-friendly eye candy...I mean service, and everyone there having a great time. The queso dip is to die for!! I had such a blast both times I went. I'm new to Scottsdale but by the end of the night I felt like I was out with a bunch of old friends. I'm even a fan of an L.A. team and I had people cheering with me for my team! Awesome place.
3	We have been here twice, and I am not very impressed with the service. I'm definitely over the skinny girls dressed like floozies; it seems to be like that in every bar now; if you are sexy naked, you are sexy dressed. The first time we came here was a Sunday morning waiting for a biker run. The service was good, the burger was good. They were slow, so I didn't have much to complain about. The other night we went here for wings and beer. I had to ask to have the bar cleaned. It was about 9:30 pm and they had a crowd, but they weren't overly busy. We had to ask for menus. I ordered a beer and it seemed really large, but I went with it. We ordered wings and a sandwich. They were ok, nothing I couldn't live without again. The wings did have more meat on them then some of the other places I have been. Next, I had to ask for another beer, and I had to ask if there was a smaller size. The small is really small. Dave never even got another drink because she never asked, and he did want one.The one positive note I will say - I couldn't decide what to drink, so she gave me a sample of a couple of beers and then suggested something based on the feedback I had on the beer samples. One extra star for that suggestion, and attention. We probably would have had a better experience if our server was more attentive and we would have spent more money on booze - but we just ate and left. Not sure if we will go back again or not.
1	Twin Peaks and Scottsdale were made for each other. After taking a much needed day off with a buddy, we decided to take in Happy Hour at Twin Peaks. I should have known better after being at The Yardhouse DR several months earlier, and seeing the opening team come in for a meeting before they opened. They all looked miserable, and the look of utter contempt on the blonde girl's face is something I'll remember forever. I digress....I was dressed in board shorts, t-shirt, and Rainbows. That's how I walked in. I saw a visible sneer on the hostess's face as she looked over my very comfortable, and very functional attire. Forgive me, girly, but before you condescend to my attire consider that I have worked 7 days a week for a year straight, and decided to take a day off at the pool. You're a hostess, not the fashion police. That sort of set the tone for the place.  We got seated, and it just sort of felt like being in a strip club. Most of the servers look like they hate their lives, and aren't having fun, the manager looks like a sleazebag, and the girls are just there to get tips. The girls' make-up looks like spackle applied with a knockdown knife. And they use fake names. Our server was flat (personality wise, anyways), dry, boring, and pretentious. Honestly, while I love to mess with pretentious snotty servers, I had been at the pool all day, was quite sunburned, and just wanted some cold beers, a little food, and a friendly server.   When I asked what beers they had on tap, she acted like I asked her the formula for the circumference of a circle. I had to get up to go look at the beer selection. And... It's not printed on a menu anywhere. Happy Hour menu is $1 off the beer. Yep. That's it. So we ordered the BBQ nachos. And two beers. I like cold beer, but when it turns into a beer slushy, I'm not so hip on cold beer. She said the nachos were one of the best things on the menu. REALLY? Ummmmmm. Ok.  This place is a bust. See what I did there? Great big boobies. Great big attitudes. And very little substance. If you're 22, and think you can go hit on a server and score, this is the place to test your game. If you score, you GOTTA post it. I'll bow down at your Alter of Game. If you like good food, good service, and a quality Happy Hour, I can recommend about 5 other places for you. Tilted Kilt is better than this place by a large measure. Four Peaks, a local brewery, would be another solid pick.
5	I take my clients to Twin Peaks twice a week and I found the customer service is awesome!! the food is just a awesome. i like the steak sliders and the chicken fried steak is huge and quite tasty. Love the girls!! I dont think you would be disappointed. I wasnt.
2	The menu is very small. And very greasy. Not good beer selection. I understand it's a Hooter's-esque type of establishment so I won't knock it for that. The decor is appropriate for it's name. I probably won't go back. Not a place for a foodie like myself.
1	Well, after about 8 visits, I am moving on to the next bar. Why is it so hard to find a bar where you can get great service, great food, and fast drinks? I own a restauarant in North Scottsdale, and work ALOT. So at the most 2 or 3 time a week a beer or three is needed after work. I always go alone, and have met some great friends at Twin Peaks. The beer is cold. That being said, the girls that work there have the business all wrong. I had the same problem at kilt. I don't care if you wear a sweater I just want good service! I usually have to clean the bar where I sit, ask for a menu if I dare eat, and am always getting treated like a loser. They give you nasty looks, have no personality, and seem like its the worst place to work ever. Manager comes out every hour to play on the computer and talk to noone. Why not ask the customer how their experience is? From what I can see here, you will still get the dirtbags that like to throw coasters at the girls and get the dirty looks, but us industry people know better. We want good service and we will continue to hop until we find it. One things for sure over my last 8 visits, it isn't here, it isn't a bad night, and I won't be wasting the little time I get to be treated like this, ever again. Best of luck to you, I hope you can find better service staff because if you don't your destined to be stocking up on Budweiser.
4	I have to admit that I really like coming to Twin Peaks before going to Studio Movie Grill.  Not only do I like "great scenery,"  but the beer is good too!  The outfits are cute and the girls are very friendly.   I decided to try this place before going to Studio Movie Grill and have been going ever since.  It's great for a quick beer and the food looks good too.  I tried their mozzarella sticks and they were delicious.  My only complaint would be that the service can be very slow and some of the girls don't know how to describe their beers. I usually know what I want to order anyways so it doesn't bother me, but waiting at a table for a waitress to come for a long time, does get annoying.  All in all, this place is great for some fun, good beer, food (mozzarella sticks),  and hot chicks. Enjoy!!
4	Had a few beers there with some friends. Very packed. Seemed like a nice place.Food was tasty. Waitresses are pretty sexy.
3	Food is always pretty good and the scenery is A+!
3	After 2 visits I am at a 2.5 on the place.Pros:  Very pretty girls that are friendly.  Good burgers.  Fries are good (I prefer them without the seasoning).Cons:  Pablano chicken sandwich tasted like the gas from the grill and not much else.  10oz beer was $5.50 and halfway frozen.  22oz was $6.50.  No 12 or 16oz beers.  All of the food is spendy and place can be  little cheesy (Sit2P and Stand2P restrooms - girls size and man size beers and entrees).
5	I took my wife to eat at Twin Peaks after I had eaten in a South Carolina Twin Peaks. My wife and I were both happy with the service even though we arrived an hour before they closed. We were advised that we needed to order immediately if we wanted to eat because the kitchen was about to close. We ordered immediately and I ordered the wrong item. The waitress offered to give us the item at no charge and immediately resent our order without making us feel bad. The Beer was great and Ice cold. I cant say enough about the service out here. Thanks ladies for working so hard.
3	Just three stars yes, but will I go here again, absolutely. NO doubt about it.The staff is great and friendly the draft beer is COOOOOOOLD. This may be the coldest draft beer I have ever had in Arizona. The staff and the beer would merit at least three stars.The food, well its ok. The wings are good with lots of meet on them, but the flavor is nothing to write home about. The real reason it only gets three stars is the prices for the food are higher than the quality merits. But if you are looking for a place for a great cold beer and a "talented" wait staff, this is a place you will frequent often.
5	The food was very good.  They have a Philly cheese steak sandwich with jalapenos and queso that is really good.
2	The staff is friendly and scantily clad and no surprise 8/10 people in the place were men.  The beer is served in frosted mugs   That is a red flag that this place is trying to appeal to the bud-light drinking-sports-bar-patron. The beer temperature is way too cold. The low temp might be fine for some kinds of beer, but an IPA should not be served ice-cold in a frosted mug that weights 5lbs.  Anyways, the menu is average bar food and pretty forgettable.  If you're looking for Hooters or Tilted Kilt type experience you should be fine with Twin Peaks as they are fairly similar establishments.
1	NO STARS FOR THIS PLACE!!! We wanted to eat here only because they had charging stations for our car. But guess what 2 suv's were parked in the spots and the sign clearly states NO PARKING UNLESS ELECTRIC VEHICLE  thought maybe the manager would help us out but he basically said F U... Not getting my business guess I have to at least give one star but can't make a review with no stars
4	Just had nachos and beer, but the nachos were better than average and the beer was cold. Waitstaff is real nice too.
1	I'm not just hating because of the skimpy outfits (that most of the women don't have the body to pull off)...the food's just bad. I was excited to see something go in where Earl's was because it has a great outdoor space (even though it's right off the freeway) and went shortly after they opened, but was quite underwhelmed. I have heard they have a great TV set up to watch football games though.
4	I like the food.
4	The place is what it is.  Young girls with half their boobs hanging out, and short shorts.  That's what brings them in the door.  Having said that, the girls are very friendly and service is the fastest of any restaurant I have been to for a long time.  Not only was our waitress, Lindsay, very nice too us, so were all the other girls when we came in and leaving.  Was here with my wife, so wasn't a matter of them flirting for a bigger tip.  Food was tasty, not over the top and more of the pub style of menu.  For the price of the food, good value.  Beats Hooters hands down.  Good place for a change.
2	Decent apps. Like the fried pickles.  Service is just ok. Remember to order your apps way before you order your entree or both will come out at the same time.  I'm sure many people go more for the atmosphere than the food though. In that case, good place to watch the game.
5	Love this place.  Atmosphere is awesome.   Food is 4 stars when it comes to bar food.  Secret Menu - Pulled Pork Sandwich is perfect.  All the girls are sweet.   TVs are everywhere.  Great for games and UFC events
3	Had my first twin peaks experience last weekend. Here's my review:1. "Scenic Views" - Excellent!  The girls are hot and also personable (at least our waitress was personable).  I joked with my friends that they must recruit at eating disorder clinics as the only chunky girls or girls with any fat or cellulite in the place were customers. The waitresses here stop to chit chat with their customers not just drop off food and drinks and run.  2.  Sports watching: Good.  Lots of TVs ring the bar. we were there to watch Sunday NFL games and all 5 of us have different favorite teams and we were all able to see a TV from our table that had our respective games on them.  Of course you're only getting sound from the big draw game going on but that's everywhere.3.  Food:  Average/Fair: Nothing memorable, and not a very big selection of food offerings.  The waitresses, who BTW are very good promoters & up-sellers of their food and products, definitely make the limited menu items sound better than they actually were. Not that the food was disappointing or bad, it was just a little over exaggerated/oversold. I and a couple others had hangover burgers which is an average burger with a fried egg on it,  Burgers comes with fries which are the thick steak fry kind and they are seasoned. For the price it would've been nice if it had a couple more topping options were offered with the burger, but how it came out was adequate. My friend had the Philly cheese steak which I had part of.  Now a disclaimer: I'm from Philly originally so rarely do I give a cheese steak outside of the Philly/NJ?NY area a positive review because so often they are missing one or more important parts of what makes a good Philly Cheese Steak.  Twin Peak's version was no exception...I'd call it a decent cheese steak but not a good Philly Cheese Steak.  Another friend had the pork nachos which were good. We had to send something back to the kitchen (not me) due to temperature not being warm enough, but that was quickly rectified  4. Beer: Good! Had their Hefeweizen which was cold and tasty. Only negative was when the bill for me and my girlfriend's portion came, the waitress had my GF down for 3 big beers instead of the 2 beers she actually ordered. When I brought this to the waitress' attention, she first tried to convince me that she was almost 100% positive my GF had ordered that many beers, however my GF is tiny and she would've been on the floor if she had that many beers in that short amount of time.  Finally the waitress had her manager remove the unordered beer from the bill, but was kind of surprised the waitress argued with us initially.  So I'd go back for the beers, game watching & scenic views.  I'll probably eat elsewhere though before I go.
5	I went to my first Twin Peaks restaurant. I was really impressed . The food was really good and they had good selection . I went on a Sunday and they also asked which game I would like to watch . So they then placed next to a tv that was showing that game. That was great. They had lots of tvs so also plenty of games to watch if you got bored watching the game you came to watch. I actually  went on November 10th just now getting to review. Also one other thing I found out that on Veterans Day you get free food . This was not limited either , was anything on menu Including the steak . Of course you had to buy your drinks but a definite great deal on Veterans Day . So veterans should definitely go there on Veterans Day.
4	I LOVE how m any TV's they have here, especially the small TV at each booth. I have onlyhad drinks and an app here, but I bet it would be a good place to watch a game(s). They have a pretty good selection of beer. The only food I have tried were the fried pickles, but they were really good. Twin Peaks also has a lot of room inside and outdoor seating.
5	Nice!
3	This place is always packed.  Of course it's normally full of guys looking at the TnA that their known for.  To me, that kind of stuff doesn't matter.  However, this place is always at the top of the list when colleagues want to meet up for afterwork drinks.A highlight of some of the items I've ordered here:Chips & Quesohttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=Y_MkEfV_dZ_-Yw7pYTbk7w#Y_MkEfV_dZ_-Yw7pYTbk7wMozzarella Cheese Stickshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=OktAQMHD9Wh2iPh2ZkmEjg#OktAQMHD9Wh2iPh2ZkmEjghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=FUjWWxUEC3H_amfkNBUgfg#FUjWWxUEC3H_amfkNBUgfgBurgerhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=-NdNiCM2OQQraB8rVzuJ9g#-NdNiCM2OQQraB8rVzuJ9gCheeseburgerhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=pClRyNnl_14wcjKTvCI97Q#pClRyNnl_14wcjKTvCI97QTwin Peaks Sundaehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=Ij4QKzBbG4aiYfm4hxI3gQ#Ij4QKzBbG4aiYfm4hxI3gQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BgTFsq79xmnRkX0gA1za1Q?select=XmAfjb4_07p3TN8x7dAaTA#XmAfjb4_07p3TN8x7dAaTAThe Chips & Queso are very good...and addicting.  The Cheese Sticks and Burger are so/so.  The Cheeseburger is average.  The Twin Peaks Sundae is huge and very good...the highlight of their Dessert Menu.Overall, it's an average place to me.  The TnA factor doesn't do anything for me at all....as a married guy, to me it's pointless.  Most of the girls are super young and are "faking" it when they come up to your table, so to me it doesn't add to the experience at all.  If that's your deal, this place is for you.Return Factor - 60%
5	This place is everything you wish a Hooters was - hot looking waitresses, good food, cold beer, and reasonably priced. And the outfits are 100 times better than Hooters. Went here for lunch the other day with a few coworkers while traveling through the area. We were joined by two hundred other dudes and maybe 3 adventurous women. Yes, it is a sausage fest, but they make up for it by having more waitresses than I have ever seen working in a single restaurant. The food was way better than I expected - fresh and not super greasy. And their beer is seriously cold - so cold they have the temp displayed on a digital meter above the bar. Frosty cold. It is a good thing they do not have one of these where I live.
2	Review of food only. Very limited "bar food" menu and the quality is completely forgettable. Had the fried pickles which were good. Philly cheesesteak "Texas style" was nasty, served on dry bread and very little meat. Try Uncle Sams for the best cheesesteaks/hoagies/grinders in this area. My wife, one of about four non-employee females in the place, had a hamburger. Thin patty and not very good, should have eaten at McDonald's next door. Positives: staff was good, great TV's, eye candy staff was hot if you're into that. But if that's what you're looking for check out Tilted Kilt which has much better food and the same caliber of talent.
4	Great place to watch the games, food is average to better than,  and the girls are hard working, and good looking.  Don't expect anything more an you'll have a good time.
3	This is your typical sports bar. Nothing amazing worth mentioning, but nothing bad either. A good place to go if you want to watch some games or watch some UFC fights.
3	The over-the-top attempts to sell to some sort of manly stereotype is pretty annoying ("Would you like your beer man-sized or girl-sized?), but once you get past that it's a decent basic pub.  The menu is a typical limited bar menu with some good items.  The Texax-style Philly, with jalapenos and "nacho" style cheese, is pretty interesting and quite good.  For the days I want lighter fare, they have a rather good steak salad.  The fries and sides aren't outstanding, but are good.  There is a decent selection of draft beers aside from the usual Bud/Coors/Miller swill.Overall I'd never go out of my way to come here, but it's a decent place to hit when I'm in the area on other business.  I'd like to give it a 3.5 instead of just a 3, if Yelp would allow that.
5	Let me give you some tips about this place. First off don't tell my wife I come here, she might get mad. But if you did, I would just tell her that I only come for the food. That's what you should tell your wife whenever she gets mad at you for coming here too because it's true. They actually have good food. Also you can tell your wife that you just watched sports and fail blogs on TV and didn't see none of those ladies. Because that's true too, they have a lot of TVs playing sports and fail blog videos. Also if you buy a calendar or mousepad or something, keep that at work...I don't know how to explain that one man.
3	It is an interesting sports bar concept.  Women with tight uniforms with decent food and sports everywhere.  There is too much competition in Scottsdale.  It should last.  I will continue to visit here on business trips.
1	WATCH YOUR BILL!!!They sneaked a couple items on our bill and when we disputed it, whoever the manager is around 8pm 3/21/13 stepped in and instead of apologizing, swore on his children that he saw the items on our table.  Now, on a packed restaurant, he's either really smart to remember each item on peoples' tables or he's a very dumb manager.  The latter is more likely, although everybody knows the business concept is sleazy, that's no way to run a business.  Frequent customers lost.
5	Great friendly staff and management  But should get NHL Channels for the Canadians that are in Scottsdale
3	your typical breastaurant. Many TVs. No pool table. There is a fire pit on the patio.
2	Good looking girls, terrible service, and mediocre food.
4	The beer is good and everyone says the food is mediocre?? The chicken tenders are damn good! Dijon mustard is great! If you want to go for night after work its perfect!
5	Don't fall in love.
4	Fish Tacos were a solid choice as is the Poblano Chicken sandwhich.  My friends have raved about the Roast so next time I will give it a try.The Food is even better than the servers and that is not a diss on the servers as I would even eat here if the food was not good. LOL.If you like cold beer keep an eye on the Temp Gauge and order when it is at its lowest point.  I am not sure my wife would like the skimpy attire but she would love the food.
4	The food is the main attraction here... Well, not really. Look, the foods great and the beers are cold, but the servers are the bomb. Honestly wouldn't recognize them if I ran into them on the street as it's tough move your eyes much past their shoulders :) Just kidding, all are very cute, curvy and friendly. In all seriousness, this really is a cool place to hang out, grab a drink and get some decent food. It's sort of like hooters, only much better food. Has a midwest vibe to it, which I dig.
5	I like their beer...seriously.
1	We figured it was a lovely afternoon to conduct some business on the patio at Twin Peaks in Scottsdale.  Good service by our waitress, passable appetizers but it all came with a shock.  Our waitress, Janell (??) was very helpful but approached our table about an hour later and said they're instituting a cover charge and that she could "...go ahead an add $15 to our check for a party of three."Personally, I was shocked as our tab was already north of $80 (and climbing) and we hadn't even ordered our meal. I ask to speak to the manager and about ten minutes later he arrives to say that it's "corporate policy" and that they always do that when there's an event.  Plus, there was "now a sign that we can go look at that mentions a $5 cover", which wasn't at the door at our arrival time.So it was basically, "We'll add $15 to your bill or you can leave".I talked about how this is  neighborhood bar, our bill was almost $100 already before we even ordered an entree and it wasn't clear that there was a "special event" taking place, our hostess mentioned nothing, there was no sign (at the time) and our waitress was just as surprised as we were about the requirement to add an additional $15 to our bill.I was told that I was free to leave and read the sign that is now in front of the door.The manager insisted that we pay an additional $15 or vacate.  We decided to wrap up business, leave the bar and went elsewhere for dinner.The manager decides to end our evening without an opportunity to order an entree, closes our check and makes it clear that our business isn't welcome.Twin Peaks has a great bar and a great patio during the afternoon, but the indifference of their manager completely turned me off from returning.  Visiting during the afternoon to conduct some business on the deck, never.This was a piss-poor experience and sadly, the manager doesn't care.
5	First time here. Nice place and good food. Cool patio despite it being right next to some busy street action near the highway but we had a good time.I had the hangover burger which had a fried egg, bacon, onions, cheese, lettuce, mayo and mustard and awesome fire fries. Would definitely come back for some of the other stuff they had - its definitely geared towards men - massive portions and not super healthy. We weren't in the mood for healthy so it didn't bother me much.The servers are charming and certainly play their roll well with the men. As a woman, its hard not to stare at their boobs cause they really pop those girls up there in your face, but I guess that's the fun of it all!This is totally personal but I am going to say it anyway - I wish the girls wouldn't wear so much makeup. I mean I know its that kind of environment and all, but if they went a bit more natural (since they are already scantily clad and for the most part good looking anyway) it would be so much more appealing. And yes, I know, I am not the target audience.Anywho, liked it and my work buddies go all the time so I'm sure I'll go again.
3	Cool Joint, Nice Concept, a TV at every booth is a very cool touch, the "view" is as advertised, service is great and the food is not bad...not great either, but all in all a cool joint
4	I have a friend who lives in Scottsdale and when we meet up for drinks close to his apartment this is where we go. This is a good spot that is conveniently located right off 101 & Frank Lloyd Wright exit. Same type of theme as Hooters or Tilted Kilt, but I like it more. I have yet to have any food there that was not good. My typical order is the average joes - three small slider-type hot dogs.  If you want to go big order the BBQ pulled pork nachos - amazing! (and cheap). The chicken-fried chicken is what my friend usually orders. I have not had it myself, but it is huge and he always orders it.  The last time we went we had a friend from out of town that ordered fried pickles and the Hangover burger. He enjoyed both. The bread pudding is an excellent choice for dessert. They have a large selection of beer, but they also have their own; I prefer the Nutty Brunette. I definitely recommend it.
3	Who knew!? I didn't really understand the concept of "Twin Peaks" until I came back from Vegas.  Hey we have one here too in Scottsdale.  My first thought when I walked in here -- "Wow the girls here are pretty hot"!  Compared to the usual UFC fight nights at Hooters this place definitely "out-hots" Hooters by miles.  Food wise I think its okay at best.  I huge portions and Men/Girl size options.  Guess they're trying to be cute just like one of their dessert option (Scenic View - NC) is actually the waitresses NO COST.  Fair enough since they are smokin.  Needless to say, the food is bar food.  The burger I ordered had way more bun then beef.  I did enjoy the fingerling potato fries and the Nacho is a massive mound! --- Get it!? Anyways, carry on.....The place itself is like walking into an REI store except you can't buy anything and hot chicks.  Overall, a cover charge of $5 for a UFC is cool.  I probably wouldn't come here for the food.  The "Scenic View" is a plus, but I'm not one for cheap thrills. - Enjoy!
3	Better than Hooters and Tilted Kilt - both in food and quality of hot chicks.  Hooters was hot chicks and lame food of the 90s, Tilted Kilt was hot chicks and better food of the 00s  - so this is the latest and greatest until someone better comes along.Unfortunately this Scottsdale location is full of all dirty construction guys and Mexicans at most lunch sittings.  Too many hats and lifted pick-up trucks in the already small parking lot.  You must get there well before noon (11:15-11:30) if you want a seat or a parking spot.  The food is OK (order the chili mac - It's not on the menu anymore, but they can make it) and the burgers are OK.  Some of the girls are stripper quality.If you bring any ladies with you, for sure she will be the ugliest chick in the room.
3	Fish tacos are OK. Service is good. Not a place for kids. Tits and ass everywhere. Would be a great spot for guys night out. Not for family night out.
4	In the grand cosmic narrative that is this life, I have to wonder why dogs got eight tits on average while humans only got two. It seems like we got shortchanged in this deal.  Now I'm not suggesting humans should have gotten eight boobs, not at all. Eight just seems a tad too many, but at least four would have been nice. Stay with me, my logic on this one is sound.Let start with the first two. These could be the working titties, the ones reserved for breast feeding and such. While the other two would be there purely for enjoyment. They'd be classed in the non working body parts group, kind of like a spleen or toenails or something. That way, whenever a baby comes on the scene, there's no more argument over whose tits belong to whom. (A medium point sharpie could help eliminate any confusion)Anyway, I don't know how I got off on the four-tit rant. Oh yeah, Twin Peaks.I got a little drunk in here yesterday at their 2-7 happy hour. The beers were cheap and the Daisy Duke costumes, even cheaper, with all that cleavage dangling about.Well after about three hours, I began seeing double, and that's when I took this whole existential pose on how humans may have gotten fucked in the grand scheme of things. At least as it relates to the tit department. Come to Twin Peaks, get rip-roaring drunk and you'll probably reach the same conclusion I did. The chili con queso is delightful too. Disclaimer:This only works if you have a propensity to see double when drunk.
3	Excellent place to watch the game.  Servers abound wearing lumberjack tops and short shorts.Miniscule bar menu for food.  The fish tacos were good.  Lots of drinking options.  Most of the tables are "tall" and there are a few booths.Nice looking place inside.Great place to go for a beer.
4	My friend and I have been coming here about once a month and I have warmed to the place more.  There are some very nice girls working here (not all but some - look for Lexi, Logan, Emily in particular (or Holly for  a treat for the eyes).  We have found some food we enjoy.  My friend always get the Rib Eye potroast and the bites I have had were quite good.  the chips are queso are a great app, don't bother with the add-ons.  The quesadilla app makes a great follow-up main course.  The mini tacos are decent.  The burgers are consistently good.  The nachos are HUGE and addictive especially with some of the queso sauce.  I don't particularly like the BBQ sauce on it but it didn't keep me from stuffing myself.  The customers can be on the douchy side some times but we keep coming back.Tip: Buy a calendar and get some great coupons each month.We have been here at least a dozens times (Saturday lunch time) and have never had "horrible" service.  Sometimes it is better than others but we always get taken care of, and this isn't a bad place to have to wait a few extra minutes for something.
5	I usually get the double cheeseburger and fries because it is awesome!  The mozzarella sticks are the best I've ever had.  The cheese dip is also good, but make sure you spend the extra $1 to add taco meat.  The girls are fun to stare at and there are TV's everywhere.
4	Been here a handful of times since they've opened. Overall, the experience is pretty decent. I was wavering between a 3 and 4 star review, but went with 4 because I want to give the restaurant as a whole the benefit of the doubt.The food I've had is usually pretty good; large portions, decent price. Drinks are a good deal as well. Beers are super cold, and as a personal favorite the Tuaca mixed drinks for only $4 is a deal.The service is the service is the spotty part. Yes, naturally the scenery is great and the server girls are cheery, but being hot doesn't exempt you from being an inattentive or poor server. I've had great servers, and I've had servers who seem to have forgotten that me and my table existed. I guess it just depends on the girl and the day.
2	I should have guessed from the name and waitress outfits that this place was not going to have the best food. Oh well the margarita was $10.50 and mostly ice and tequila. Food was not bad but not worth the money. I would not recommend unless your going for the scenery.
5	Have you ever been to a nudy bar and you couldn't get a lap-dance because the coke dealer was at the bar and all the girls were flocking to him and his weasel friend? It happened to a friend of mine once and he described the scenario. This is the feeling I had on Sunday night when my friend and I were seeking a simple hamburger at Twin Peaks. Every girl seemed to be gathering around the same table where two gentlemen were seated. It was unusual because I usually receive excellent service. (from the lunch crew)  I peered further at the table where the five girls had gathered intently. There were two big boy mugs of beer on the table and nothing special. I was expecting a Caesar salad to arrive at the table and Italian style service to occur with one girl grating the parmesan, one girl rubbing the pepper mill, one girl bringing the food, and one girl smiling. Twin Peaks doesn't have a Caesar salad. The food runner girl arrived at their table with what I expected to be my imaginary Caesar, but she had no food and she joined the collaboration of the minds at the table.I considered opening a couple of sugar packets and emptying them on the table to see if we could get some attention. I wound up not having to go there and a waitress arrived to take our order. The food did eventually arrive and was excellent as usual.  Twin Peaks succeeds where Hooters and Tilted Kilt fail serving quality food. I actually like the Cobb salad and the honey mustard is excellent. Try the mac-n-cheese as a side. And of course, football season is coming!  I will forgive and return for I usually visit for lunch and they seemed to be geared towards that shift. Also disturbing was that my friend and I were the two best looking guys in the restaurant. It seems like we would get a little bit of attention.
2	This place was started by the former CEO of Hooters which is not at all surprising. I guess he figured that scantily clad servers with enhanced boobs is a concept that can't fail as long as there are men in this world. And maybe he'd be right, if it was located in an area that didn't have so many other places that offer equally attractive servers, better atmosphere, and better food. Unfortunately, it just feels like Twin Peaks is trying too hard. While the waitresses are attractive, I didn't see any real effort being made by them to interact with the clients. The food, while better than Hooters, is nothing special, and my order of fish tacos came out of the kitchen far too fast to have been made from scratch which leads me to believe that the food is prepared elsewhere and likely just warmed up or microwaved at the restaurant. Finally, the atmosphere is supposed to be like a hunting / fishing lodge, but with such a giant building, it really felt more like a warehouse with some outdoors memorabilia stuck to the wall. Maybe I'm wrong and the chain will be a huge success, but I just wasn't impressed. With all the competition in the market, Twin Peaks really doesn't differentiate itself in any meaningful way.
3	Came here for lunch with work and ordered the salmon kale salad. Not having high expectations, it actually had a great oriental taste. The salmon was a little overlooked but the kale was delicious. This is a good bar to come to for some food, drinks and sports.
3	Good food (nachos, sandwiches, appetizers ). Drinks are made decently good most times.. Good cheap shots. I like how they have a HH that starts an hour early (2:00) then the rest of the bars around (3:00). And everyone is always very nice.
4	The sports bar that takes a ski lodge, whips up some solid bar fare, and peppers the place with more 'friendly' waitstaff than you can handle. Order an ice cold beer and you'll likely find bits and pieces of ice floating around that might make you think they tapped a glacier. If that glacier was a brewery. Get the Hangover burger, man-style. Two patties, a fried egg and load of french fries. I like to meet up here with my friends to watch the game and don't worry, the ladies won't make fun of your fantasy football talk!
2	This was my 2nd time at a Twin Peaks. The 1st was in Austin, TX. This one had the most unfriendly waitresses. Barely saw ours, even when needing our check. The other waitresses were clustered in the back or someplace where they couldn't be seen.As for the food. I enjoyed a burger with fries. It was prepared the way it was described on the menu. But there is no reason for me to return to this location in Scottsdale. I can get a better burger elsewhere (Whataburger). I was hoping to see the waitresses. Not at this location, though.
1	Probably the rudest server I have ever had in my life! Very unorganized staff. Definitely will NOT be going back!!!
4	The Ghost Pepper wings are great but be careful.  My favorite entrees are the Green Chile Meatloaf and the Grilled Fish Tacos.  The beer is ice cold and the waitresses ......no explanation necessary.
4	Nice place to have a bite to eat and watch a game on the multitude of tv screens.  Due to the scantily clad female servers, not a place to bring kids, and I wouldn't choose it as a date location (although my wife is not offended going here).  The food is good, but not great.  So far, this is exactly the same review I've given to The Tilted Kilt, and the two locations are very similar in terms of atmosphere.  There are two important differences between the two.  First, the menu is much less extensive here than at the Kilt, but the food which is served is better here, and much more plentiful.  Second, the set-up for watching sports activities is much better at Twin Peaks.
4	We came here on a fight night, great deal on that $5 bucks for UFC and you get $5 off coupon for next time(so almost a wash). The place was packed heading into the fight with college football and MLB playoffs, even with the traffic our server was always attentive and checking to see how we we're doing. Dishes did pile up a little but totally understandable. The food was solid and came out fast, only thing negative is its somewhat limited menu (a page for drinks & a page for food). Overall it's a fun place with good food, atmosphere and scenery.
2	Second time at one of these places. Nothing really standing out and how long can you really stare at someone's "twin peaks". It is actually easier to check out their backsides in the cute brown shorts if your feeling really pervy. These girls are more robotic at this chain than others with the same theme. Anyway, the TV situation is pretty perfect, but I'm not interested in paying $6.25 for an off tasting brown beer when you should be running some sort of football specials. The mozzarella sticks, which were crazy good in Denver, took a dive at this location. They just weren't cooked long enough. It's an easy menu for the cooks to make, nothing creative either. I would rather buy a six pack and switch between the game and soft porn at home and then you can get the same experience. The outdoor patio is pretty nice though.
1	This bar is great for men, as a woman however, it was a waste of time with the worst food. We ordered deep fried pickles, chicken strips, club sandwich, tacos and every bit of it was freaking disgusting. It was overly salty with no flavor. I realized then that all the crowded tables of men weren't there to eat, but to drink and for the waitresses. So for me, I give it a 1 star for the poor experience and horrible food, service was less than par. Luckily they had Four Peaks around the corner which we were able to enjoy some decent food!!!!!
4	On the busy lunch day when my (female) friend and I visited, there were only 2 other women in the whole place.  Once we got past the heavy male presence and the scantily clad girls, the restaurant was great!  Lots of TV's!  The food was really good!!  I ordered prime rib sliders and fries.  They were so tender and really tasty!  I can't recall what my friend ordered but she enjoyed her meal as well!Sign up for the email club and receive a free meal on your birthday!
1	Went to Twin Peaks for the ASU game a few Saturdays ago and the service was BEYOND awful. We requested our bill and a togo box.  40 minutes goes by and we finally get the bill. My husband had to go to the manager to get the togo box so we could leave. I understand saturdays and game days are busy but our waitress was so terrible (Lillian in case management is interested) that I would never consider returning. PS our guests were also displeased that the drink menu does not show prices. What are you trying to hide?
1	BEWARE this restaurant - went here for a quick drink on 12/28, paid our bill and left. Was mobile notified that we were charged an extra $30 and went back to inquire.  'MARLEIGH' was our server and said she accidentally charged us the next person's table. The manager JUSTIN credited the overcharge and that was it. At a minimum, this is poor customer service. At worst it is fraudulent activity. I don't know which. Was a previous regular and will never go there again.
4	Great lunch spot or a great place to watch a game. Food is good but limited and the help is even better! This place is for the Al Bundy in all of us!
4	A group of co-workers and I came here for Happy Hour on a Friday afternoon and we had a great time.  They had some decent happy hour prices for a variety of drinks and everyone seemed to be able to find one they liked.The fried pickles were a delicious appetizer and the chicken tenders were good as well.  We stayed for a couple of hours and the waitresses checked up on us frequently to ensure that we were all taken care of. Overall: AGreat happy hour.  Good service.  Delicious fried pickles!
4	I came here this past weekend to watch a football game - Honestly I had never been to Twin Peaks until then so I had NO IDEA about their hootersesque vibe. Cute girls all dressed like mountain men, proudly displaying their uhhh well Twin Peaks!Perfect place for the boys to watch whatever sport they like and to ogle at the cute girls working there. Food wasn't bad - totally your typical bar food. I was obsessed with their spicy queso dip with the taco meat added, plus was they totally refilled our chips without even asking! I ordered their bloody mary which was legit, it even came with a slice of bacon. Loved when they asked my friend if he wanted a man sized or girl sized beer - perfection!
4	A decent place to watch the game and other sports. The service is not the best there but you are not going there for the best service. This is what I call a breastrant. The food is pretty good nice portions for the price. The staff is friendly n gorgeous as they should be.
1	I've gave this place multiple chances because I'm optimistic that the service will get better and its on the way home from work...and they still haven't found bartenders that will greet you in a timely manner and not wait till hell freezes over to get you a cold beer...only thing this place is good for is wasting your time and money driving and dinning there...although they have decent bar food and cold beers you might die of thirst or hunger before you actually get to enjoy one of those.! Two words(Tilted Kilt)
3	The manager decided he was tired so they closed early during the busiest week of the year with the golf tournament going on. Scared money don't make money.
2	Ok what can I saw about Twin Peaks? Umm there are young women barley wearing anything serving food and drinks. Think it would deserve 5 stars for a man right?? Well let's talk about this. For the overall concept of having attractive women wearing barely anything is great...just the quality of food and the prices is horrible!  First off, I've never been here before. It's hard for me to judge fairly based on a one time visit. Anyways, on my fist visit I see that it's lingerie night because of Vday week.  So I was in for a shock when literally the servers all were wearing lingerie all over the restaurant.I was with my wife, good friend and his gf and we were starving after hiking nearby Toms Thumb.  I think they all thought it was my idea to come here but I still swear that I needed to watch the UofA basketball game and Twin Peaks was one of the few bars with the Pac 12 network in the area. If you know anything about the Pac 12 network then you will believe me.lol..Drinks were ok, service was great, but the selection of food was ridiculous. There are about 15 items for you to choose from. We had the chicken sandwich which was average. The big shocker was the price. Bill came out to around $50 for me and the wife having 2 drinks each and we split the sandwich. That was way more than I had expected. Our friends was like $65 because they had 2 sandwiches.  The drinks were very overpriced!Bottom like, I don't think that Twin Peaks is worth the price you pay, yes even to have girls walking around in lingerie... I most likely will not be back. Needs to lower drink prices and open up some more menu items.
1	If you want a place that serves mediocre food, has terrible service,  but really attractive waitresses, than this is the place for you! We had a party of 7 so slow service is normally expected,  but we had the worst service I have ever encountered. The waitress was lazy and wouldn't even walk around the table to give us our drinks. Instead she just dropped them all off at the end of the table and walked away. When our food was brought to us it was one plate short and by another server who we politely asked to bring us some silverware, she was never seen again. After 5 minutes I got tired of waiting and got up to take some from another table. Now that I had my silverware I was able to eat my slightly decent,  exceptionally small chicken. Once our waitress finally decided to return and check on us I asked for a refill of my water. At the same time,  my buddy asked where his food was because he was the only one who still had not received his.  She returned with a pitcher of water in one hand and holding out the other like Oliver Twist wanting soup but not saying anything. When we all stopped in the middle of our conversation and saw her awkwardly standing there, we preceded to pass down our glasses because 3 extra feet was apparently too far of a walk for her. Once we reminded her of my buddies food, she left and finally returned plate in hand. The only quick thing about our service was the checks and our departure from this restaurant, never to return. P.S. Yes,  she was hot!!!
5	I've been to  this location five times. And it's fabulous every time.  Sabrina was our server last night.  Not only is SHE A 10.  But she is an excellent sever.  I love this place
1	Came here late on a Saturday night being as a friend and I had just flown in from St. Louis a couple of hours prior. We called before coming and were informed that the kitchen was open until 12:30. We arrived at 10:55. Order queso dip from our server at 11:05, which didn't arrive to the table until 11:30. Entrees took even longer. The bus boys and multiple other staff were working on shutting down the patio around us and turning off the heaters and they could all easily tell we were being neglected and I'm also sure that there were in contact with the staff indoors via earpieces and microphones that they wear, but none of them bothered to attempt to assist us. I went inside to find a manager, who after I finally talked to he never even came back out to our table to check on us! I asked the server for a water while waiting for entrees and it was never delivered. When our entrees finally were delivered we didn't even have any utensils to eat our food!! Seriously what a joke of a restaurant with absolutely pathetic management. Whoever owns this company would probably be very ashamed of the staff and management on the night of Saturday March 9th of 2014. Literally you guys ruined our evening to the point where all we could do was laugh about what a horrible experience we had.
3	Went here to try the wings, And beer of course. Let me set the scene..huge room decorated a la hunting lodge style. HUGE place. There are TVs on every wall AND in the booths! Yes, your own personal TV while you go out to socialize. (Kinda backwards). OK, well the menu is a bit limited. The wings were fair, some were still pink at the bone. But okay overall. The philly cheesesteak was good, poblano chicken sandwich okay. Problem is this, the bill was not good. $4.75 for 10 oz beers, another buck for the big one No pints available. Girlie or lumberjack sized only. The place is almost all guys, maybe two females in the whole place. It reminds me of how Hooters used to be before they announced it was a family restaurant. Girls have Daisy Dukes and sexy tied lumberjack shirts on stressing their mammary glands, They were cute and nice and talkative. Service was very good. Of course, a tip on a large bill like that would make me friendly, too. It was an experience. A very expensive one.
4	Only been here once for lunch, it went good.  Meant to go to Four Peaks and accidently walked in here.  Pretty good hamburger and fries, I like the lay out of the place, lot's of tv...I like the patio.  The only thing I didn't care for was the horde of girls in the front just socializing.  Doesn't seem really professionally ran.  I know it's a place to have a good time but places like these need to have standards.  Hooters does but their food is disgusting and Tilted Kilt has the worst service and biggest snobs of waitresses ever.
2	We came here just because we saw it on Undercover Boss.  We don't have Twin Peaks in California, so we wanted to try it out.  Over all, our visit was ehhh, not so great.  The place is more like a sports bar rather than a restaurant.  Lots, and lots of TV's, really noisy, but a good place for a bunch of guys to hang out I guess. The service was less than ok.  Our waitress  was not very attentive, didn't seem interested in waiting on us at all.  Maybe because my husband and I came a child, rather than being a group of guys.  There were two tables full of guys less than five feet away from us.  She probably checked on them every five minutes, while we only saw her but two times our whole visit; she took our drink and appetizer order, and brought us our check.  Someone else came and served our food.  She was more interested in visiting with the two groups of guys than actually doing her job.  Or maybe that is job, to only be attentive to the large groups of men entering this establishment, as this place is definitely geared toward "sex sells".Anyway, we were here to have dinner.  We started with an appetizer, which was the pulled pork nachos.  We came with an appetite.  We planned to order dinner, but after the nachos came, there was seriously no need.  The nachos could literally feed five people.  Definitely worth $8.50.  They were really good!  A little different.  I've never had pulled pork in my nachos before.  But good nonetheless.So, if you plan to come here, and want good service, make sure the majority of your group is of the adult MALE species.  They won't look at you twice if not.  If it wasn't for the good food, I would have only given one star.  If this is how Twin Peaks operates, I won't ever come back.  There are definitely a ton of better places to go to in Scottsdale.
5	Perfect place to unwindEspecially when you have been up in the mountains digging for gold in the hot AZ sun
5	I ate here 4 nights during bike week. The food is good the beer is ice cold and the staff is friendly. Kira was my waitress 2 out of the 4 nights and she is awesome. When I come back I'm going to request to sit in her section.
4	Great friendly staff. Very attentive. Beer COLD food needs some work. If the food would improve it would be 5 stars. Need burgers shrimp calami salads wrapsChilli and hot blue cheese chips etc
1	Ice cold beer was the highlight of our lunch.  The fried pickles were good, but they needed something other than ranch to dip in.  I have to agree with other reviewers... The service was completely inattentive.  We had no plates and while we wanted a second round, the server was nowhere to be found and neither was a manager, who at the end of the day, is responsible for the poor service.
1	Horrible service. Sat for over 15 minutes and still no one had taken our drink order or even welcomed us. Had time to walk  to Four Peaks down the way get seated order a drink and and our other half of party joined us and still no one had come to the table. Definitely will not be returning. Too many business' out there that do what my $$.
4	The food is great poblano chicken sandwhich great taste. Beer is cold!!! So here is my best advice try the place BEER IS COLD, Great atmosphere, girls are beautiful. But, it's the food you come for!! Remember this if the food isn't right service is sub par ask for a manager. Justin thanks for asking me to stay for the food!! Jamie you were great!!!!!
5	Was looking for a casual drink and eats saturday night so we came in and we're greeted by two very rude hostesses got placed way in back and that's when things got better some very nice little waitress named Meg treated us like gold .....she saved there bacon in our mind ....we will be back just to see her again. Cold drinks and pretty good bar food
3	Went into this eyes wide open, regarding expectations that is, for how service might be considering the priority on the scenery.  My Stone Go-To IPA was served in a frozen stein with ice chips in it, and was excluded from the happy hour discount.  Fried cheese appetizer was generous in portion, which was a plus.  Service was average.  The main negative was the exclusion of craft beers in the happy hour.  Major no no.  Won't be back.  Sorry, not interested in a PBR happy hour.Update/Edit: received friendly email from staff.  Beer is served at 29 degrees and they are proud of their ice chips.  I'll have to keep that in mind if I'm going to order an IPA.  Also, fried cheese appetizer is homemade and some of the craft beers are included.  Thanks for the info!
1	What a difference a year makes last year this place was outstanding in one of my favorite places to go this year is one of the worst service is terrible which assist are very unfriendly and inattentive food was always average so the friendliness of the staff was what made this bar now they taking that away so now it is no use of going to this place anymore very poorly run was way better last year don't know if there was a management change or not
5	Wow! We had Whitney for a server today very pretty and friendly  wow for good  service wow for good food . I would defiantly go back to this location way better than hooters and jaw dropping girls.
4	Short version:  Upscale hooters with better food for the same price.
4	Better visit than my first visit!! Food is a step up from what "might be" the competition!
3	It's close by and an easy walk from where I live. Here's a pro and cons of Twin Peaks...Pros;- Inexpensive reverse happy hour. (Top 4 appetizers are $4)- Lots of tvs to watch sporting events.- the mozzarella cheese bites are really good.Cons: - Pretentious bartenders and waitress, they seem upset to be working. Coming off very dull, don't know the menu all that well.- only entrees 8 entrees half are burgers.- bartenders have no conversation skills. It could just been a rough day when I came in, but as a customer I expect a bartend to have good customer service.Furthermore, I give this 3 stars cuz of distance from home, good apps deal, and tvs..
2	Was hoping to find a great place for friendly service good food and cold beer well 2 out of 3 ant bad, beer was very cold and my fries very good.                          But the service was terrible, it was like they didn't even want us there, no eye contact no can I get you anything else, sorry but when you make customers feel like there wasting your time well I'm wasting my time being there.                                                            Sorry twin peaks I was looking for a great place not here, will not return.
1	Waited for 20 minutes, at least 5 waitresses walked by and made eye contact, but never stopped to take our order. So we left and went to to the tilted kilt where we always get outstanding service.
4	First timer to Twin Peaks, I've been to The Tilted Kilt before, but this place was pretty awesome! Jewels was our server and she was super cute, quick, and had a great personality and attitude! She made for an awesome experience, you rock girl!
1	I recently went here for a "complimentary" birthday lunch per their email of sending the offer to me and after sitting down for over 10 minutes at a location about 6 feet from the bar and numerous waitresses (or so I thought they were pretending to be) walking by one finally stopped to see if I had been waited on yet.  I think with no drink or food or menu in front of me it would have been somewhat of a clue as no.  She said she would get a server for me and after another 15 minutes another pretend waitress asked if I had been waited on yet.  She did bring me a glass of water and a menu but evidently that's where the "servier" duties end because no one came back to take my "complimentary" birthday lunch order.  This place has to rate as one of the worst service bar/restaurants I have ever been in and will never return too.The manager's need to teach the "waitresses" how to do their job instead of allowing them to just stand around trying to look good and impress patrons.  Don't bother going there!
2	we tried this place for our fantasy football draft party. they supply a small board that is different from other boards. but its free and small, which is good because there were no high walls to use. You had to out them on the table, which was not cool. they slid some tables together so all was good... Food is really good and fairly priced. The draft goodies were cheap trinkets and the nachos they supplied was one order, although it said they would supply throughout the draft. The girls all looked completely miserable. I mean every.single.one.  they were hard to find at times and none of them looked they wanted to be there. This happened both times we visited. None of them smiled, like ever. Tilted Kilt girls are always happy, but this place was actually a downer. One girl looked like she was 10 years old and everyone was making comments about her. One guy mentioned it looked like her daughter....yuck...Now for the totally gross part. There were two really old guys there sitting in a side booth. Two of the girls spent very long times sitting in the booth looking like they were ordered to do so. Then it happened...one of the old 60 year old guys starting massaging the girl with neck and shoulder rubs. This went on for about 10 minutes. Not sure if he was the owner or a pimp, but the one getting massaged look like she hated every single second of it. It was straight up disgusting. The manager was very helpful, but he looked miserable too. This place needs to be looked into by the labor board or something. I have never seen a place with such miserable employees. Such a shame. As for football drafts....try someplace else or you can stay here, but you are on a time limit. if you are on a tight time limit. Two stars for food but i hope those girls find someplace else, because something about that place isn't right. I guess giving massages to the staff is part of the benefit package? Or is it?
3	I have been here numerous times.  The reason?  The beer is REALLY cold, which some days, just feels spectacular.  The tv's are HUGE, bright, and plentiful, and its lively - going at happy hour always seems to be mostly full.  The food is hit or miss for me - sometimes it seems crazy salty, and other times, just right.  Favorite is the hangover burger.  It just tastes so perfect.  I love the pork nacho's even though they give me 10-tums heartburn!  The fried cheese sticks are huge, and really really good.  Of course, what would the review be without talking about the ladies.  This place definitely seems to increase in quality when ASU is in session.   For some reason, it always feels like the "hot" waitresses are the ones that are NOT in your serving area.  The bartenders seem to be the hottest of the bunch (my opinion).  But enough about hot.  What do I dislike about the servers?  Well, they all seem to wear giant mayan head dress necklaces.  Not sure what this is about, but usually they have giant stones and huge arrays of shiny things on them.  It reminds me, of the flair that TGIF servers wear, just updated for Twin Peaks. Are the servers rude?  I think they are not so much rude, just not clued in to what role they are supposed to be doing.  At some point, just like Hooters, they will walk to your table and sit down and chat with you.  But they chat about stuff you don't want to hear about (buzzkill items) like their wages, or how crappy life is, etc.  Seriously, I kid you not, the last time a buddy and I went there for a beer we ALMOST asked her to leave the table.  We just sat there staring at her and she staring at us.  At least learn to talk about the things that we came there for - beer, sports, women, etc.  I don't want to hear about how the management asks you to buy Uggs, but some girls buy them at Target but you really can tell a fake Ugg.  That kills me to ask a hot gal to leave, but probably the last three times, we have NOT wanted to talk to the servers because they just don't seem to enjoy their job.  The worst thing about this place, is wet tables.  The beers are so cold that they make a swamp of condensation all over the table.  The waitresses don't put down fresh dry coasters except the first beer, so eventually, you can't lean on the table without getting wet.  I dislike that, because I have to keep my phone somewhere else than the table, etc etc.
4	Eye contact, smiles, great customer service and orders done correctly. And oh yes, every woman here is an 8 or better. Definitely not in Wheeling IL! ;)
2	Boring, boring, boring. This bar is boring. I get it, the women are dressed skimpy and I know that's the selling point, but the problem here is that the hostesses who are dressed very skimpy cannot be over the age of 18 which makes me super uncomfortable, the waitresses have a tendency to all congregate around certain tables (maybe the owener's table I don't know) and just hang out there which leads to me not getting my beer or service for long periods at a time, there is nothing to do inside this place. No pool, darts, shuffleboard, just tvs and boobs. The decor inside is cool due to the cabin theme but besides that I don't see many redeeming qualities. Just not my cup of tea I guess.
4	Great place to go watch a game.  Good food and service!
1	1. Worst food ever2. Worst service ever 3. Manager is a complete asshole to his staff and to me the customer. 4. Learn some customer service - bunch of Testosterone sexist pigs - and I'm a guy writing this FYI
5	Well, what else can I say that hasn't been said in previous reviews?  I am a Twin Peaks first timer also; there aren't any in the Northeast yet. Hopefully they will expand there soon.  I've been in the area for about 2 weeks due to work and have been coming to Twin Peaks almost every day after work to relax and watch the games.  It's amazing how many TV's are inside.  The food is great, not just your typical bar food.  Definitely try the pot roast, it is pretty good.  The place has a fun "cabin-like" vibe to it. The girls are a real treat to see, I cannot complain about their looks.  They are some of the most attractive girls I've seen in a while.  I happened to stroll in for the first time during Halloween and all the girls are dressed up in very sexy costumes, real eye candy.  Most of the girls are super nice and will strike up a conversation.  I've had a few different waitresses during my visits, all were great and attentive.  I think I had Hannah two or three times now and she is definitely my favorite so far; she really took the time to get to know her customers, a huge plus in my book.  Thanks Hannah!All in all, this place is great place to sit back, drink ice cold beers and unwind.  I will definitely be there again today and anytime I'm in the Scottsdale area, a visit to Twin Peaks will be a must.
5	I went in today for lunch and I had the nachos which were absolutely fantastic. The best part of my meal today was the service. As much as I love with the food our server Shey was the best server that I have ever had at this restaurant. She was friendly she was helpful she gave suggestions for food and when she suggested the beans to come off of the nachos it made me like her even more because I do not eat beans. Not only was she a great server but she was very nice to talk to and look at. She also told us to come back for Black Friday and see her in black lingerie. I hope the owner of this company or her manager read this and give her a big bonus and makes her the girl of the month because she was fantastic. Thank you for being so good at your job
4	Hooters in a log cabin on testosterone. Fun for the whole family. Well, maybe. At least the kids won't be bored. Every TV seems to be on a different station. Music is loud but not offensive. The chipotle chicken is great (unless you're on a low sodium diet). Much better than anything at Hooters. Very reasonable prices.
2	We were seated immediately, great TVs, ice cold beer, pretty good food though a limited selection. What we can't get over is the service! Server couldn't have cared less about the fact that she has tables to serve. Standing around chatting with other employees while we're waiting on multiple items (group of 9). This happened several times and twice we had to go find her to remind her that we needed items... which still took quite some time for her to get around to. The good looking aspect wears off quick when service sucks.
5	My husband and I came here after we didn't receive any service at The Tilted Kilt up the street. We were seated right away and had our drinks ordered within a few minutes. The place was busy but we still received great service from Whitney. My husband ordered the blackened chicken tacos along with the fried pickle basket and I ordered the Ranch chicken and we loved it all! My husband even bought one of their signature "I'd Tap That!" t-shirts and absolutely loves it. We will def be back again, just maybe not on such a busy night! (Saturday night was UFC fight night and college football)
2	Twin peaks has really cold, good beer. That's about it. The food is nothing to be impressed about. I had the fish tacos and the burger on a couple of occasions. Nothing tasted fresh and everything is greasy. However if you want a cold beer for a fair price stop on in. Not a family establishment.
