4	A nice little oasis at the Charlotte airport. The seating area is blessed with high ceilings and copious natural light, which might not work on a very sunny day but was perfect for my slightly overcast visit. To start with, my mojito made me very happy. Loads of fresh mint, used to great advantage.  I had a salad with a piece of skirt steak on top and it was much better than it should have been. This is real food from a real kitchen. Sure, the plastic cutlery is a drag (airport security), but I'd be surprised if you could do much better than this while at the airport in Charlotte.  Check it out.
3	It's bright, there is wine, I'm waiting for my plane to Rhody, it will do. The bartender is not the friendliest, barely a smile from either of them, but I do like meeting new people, people that are traveling. So that's cool. I'm going to get off my phone and start being social.
4	Music is festive & tropical and the decor is modern, clean, bright & spacious! Menu is simple & uncluttered however the drink menu is expansive with plenty of "ideas" if you can't think of a drink to fit your mood! They have about 5 salads to choose from all around $12. Cuban style sandwiches $10 served with fries. They have burgers as well. Entrees are $15 & include steak, salmon, chicken etc. Service was good. Cocktails are $12!! My Cuban sandwich was good!
5	Coconut Mango Wings are great! I was traveling for work so I couldn't try a mojito but they looked like the real deal!!!!
2	The Shrimp Ajo and Chicken Mojito looked surprisingly similar - the beds of rice, beans and toppings of mango salsa were identical. The only thing that changed was the protein. The shrimp was well spiced and garlicky, although had no noticeable sauce as advertised in the menu. The marinated chicken was tender and tasty. Biggest complaint about the food was the plastic flatware. Hard to believe this is a regulation because this is an airport property, we eat in airports regularly with metal silverware.Our biggest disappointment were the drinks. My Patron Margarita was extremely rough for Patron. (I find it very hard to believe it WAS Patron.) Our server's comment when I complained? "Well, it's Silver." (OK...)$15 for the margarita, $14 for the O-tini (their own conconction) and I walked away without the slightest of buzzes. I smell a watered down rat...
3	When I'm stuck in an airport it helps to find a place to eat that doesnt remind me that I'm in an airport.  And a bar at an airport really helps.  The service here is really snappy, which is a must for travelers trying to make their next connection.  I had the cuban, it was ok, didnt like the fries.  They are those twice fried french fries.
3	It was a bit better than average for airport food.I did carry out - plenty of sandwiches for around $10 each, all including french fries.  I ordered the cuban sandwich - roast pork, ham, swiss, pickle, mayo & mustard on bread, then pressed.  The pork was a bit fatty, but otherwise, not shabby.  The fries were rushed, I believe.  It was like they almost had them cooked properly and took them out about 30 seconds too early.  Boo.  Oh well, salt fixes just about anything.The gal who took my order at the carry out counter was very friendly & promised me that my order would be up in 8 minutes...mine only took about 5.  It was obviously fresh off the grill.So, it was just a kind of yum, but for an airport, not too shabby, I suppose.
3	Rum Bar & Grill reminds me of eating at the Marriott in Saint Thomas. The food is good, yet very average in that "I could make this better" way. Still I'd recommend going here to hang during longer layovers. You'll sit under a skylight, surrounded by tropical plants and palm trees and eat to lame but festive island music. I forgot I was in an airport!Order the Ajo Shimp and Mojito for a meal that won't leave you feeling full and gross. A three-star rating for airport dining, four stars **** for drinks!
4	Had a layover in Charlotte, and decided to try this spot.  It was late and I was hungry, and they were closest to our gate. We didn't expect much, but boy were we in for a suprise.  I don't know how Cuban it is, but I had the chicken mojito, which was delicious!  I don't eat black beans, but I cleaned my plate.  The drinks were just okay.  We got something the waitress suggested, but I'd try something else next time.  I wish we had one of these close to home, because I would be there every week.
4	I had a layover and decided to try Rum Bar & Grill.   I was glad I did!  There were a lot of different mojitos on the menu and I was about to order the Peach, but thought of the sugar and decided against it.  I got a Dirty Martini instead and it was good...Rum Bar didn't have Blue Cheese stuffed olives, but I wasn't expecting much anyway in the airport so not a big deal!I had the Salmon Salad (the actual name of the salad was Lime-something Salmon Salad).  It was EXCELLENT.  It came out with a very nice-sized piece of perfectly cooked salmon.  VERY FRESH. Good flavor.  I will stop in Rum Bar every time I am in Charlotte International.  I almost hope I have a layover (Well, maybe that's going a little too far!).
2	We had a delayed flight on US Airways (surprise right??) and we decided to stop in here for a meal.  There are no outlets, so don't even ask. Our server was very nice and attentive, but I came here for the food. Ugh, I guess I shouldn't have expected much because it is in an airport. The chicken tenders I got were so heavily coated and fried that I couldn't even taste chicken. I ate a little because I was hungry but I just couldn't continue. I knew I was ordering chicken strips, but wow, they were pretty darn bad.  Also, there is a lot of natural light in here because of the windows, but that also makes it warmer that is really comfortable. If I am stuck in this airport again, I'll walk a little further and look for some different food that maybe has a little taste.
4	I always come here, not for food though.  6.49 for a large beer and $3 for shot with it.   Good place to get tuned up before the flight.  There is a better selection for food down by gate B
3	Pomegranate martini while waiting for my flight? Yes please. And nothing on the menu I can eat? Whatevs, I'll snack on some super unhealthy fries.The server I had was pretty cool. Definitely an accommodating dude. Despite the bustling people outside of the dining area, I was able to actually kick back for an hour and read/people watch.
3	This place was conveniently located right near our gate at the airport.  This is a bacardi-themed restaurant that serves up some quick takes on Cuban cuisine.  Since I had to run, I ordered a Cuban sandwich and a bloody mary.  They offered a double shot for just $3 more so I took them up on their offer.  The food took a little while to come out and was ok.  I think they nuked the sandwich though because by the time I got to the end, the bread was hard as a rock.  Not bad, overall.
2	The Mojitos were decent, but the bar food left much to be desired. It's a nice spot to wait for your flight, but you won't be impressed by the food even when considering the low airport standards.
3	I got a salad to go for the plane.  Lots of lettuce and one hunk of steak.  Ehhh... not the best, not the worst.
2	Server was on his game but bartender needs to resign. Her standards and attitude need some additional adjustments or maybe she needs some refresher training on how to clean glasses and how to serve wine. My glass was dirty and had not been dried. Also, lots of drama within the staff...females. The guys were staying busy.
1	Being a rum bar, you would think they know how to make a mojito. Unfortunately, this was the worst one I have ever had. Absolutely terrible, when I sen it back, they made me another one and it was just as bad. Should have just went to the pinkberry across the terminal...
4	We stopped by the Rum Bar to kick off the last two hours of our lay over in Charlotte on our way to Jamaica, i mean rum just sounded appropriate, duh!Nice big bar, with lots of seats and a few TVs to get your sports fix. All the food looked great, we didn't have any but I would recommend it anyway. Service was nice, and the people watching, or should I say listening was great! I love it when people from Boston talk out their ass about they sports teams, dumb asses!Have fun!
1	First off, I don't expect a great meal in an airport. That being said this may have been the worst meal I have had in a long, long time. All I ordered was soup and a caeser salad. The soup was nasty. Some sort of tomato based tortilla soup that tasted like canned tomatoes. The caesar salad had Italian dressing!!! What a bunch of crap
2	Not great. The bar is upscale. Nice atmosphere and televisions - good place to wait for a flight. However the drink prices are a joke! I had a mediocre mojito that ended up being 13.99! (No prices on the menu). Blue moon ended up being 7. Not really impressed with this place. No idea about the food but the drink prices are enough to keep me from coming back.
3	Drinks are great,better food elsewhere
5	Very friendly bartender.  She was very attentive and personableBartender was very attentive and personable
5	Great wings..menu looks delicious ..looking forward to trying the cuban sandwich on the way back through here..friendly and helpful bartender
3	I wish I could give 3.5 stars because they deserve it. Had a flight out if D Concourse and was super early. Spent 2 hours chilling to the sounds of steel drums and enjoyed a nice meal. I had the honey rum salmon salad and LOVED it. I am always nervous about ordering salmon in a restaurant because unless it is fresh, it is gross. No middle ground there. My waiter recommended it and I was thrilled to enjoy a delicious, healthy(ish) dinner before my flight. I had a margarita, too, (actually, I had three). They were nicely balanced and went down too well. :)
1	Wow, worst food ever. Worst service ever! Had about an hour to kill before my flight last week. Decided to grab a burger from the take out area of Rum Bar and the cashier suggested we sit in the dining room and we would be served. Nothing could be further from the truth. We decided to split an overpriced Grande Cheeseburger and fries. The service was extremely slow. The place wasn't busy at all and I saw other customers come in, sit, and wait at least 10 minutes before the waitress even acknowledged them. I decided to get a drink at the bar. That was an $8.00 mistake! A shot of Smirnoff for $8.00? I asked for a Coke and the bartender gave me something that looked and tasted like watered down, flat Pepsi. She was not very friendly, either. At least give me a kiss before you screw me!But, back to the burger. We waited forever! All the while we can hear our waitress in the back laughing it up with the cook, who should be cooking our food!Our flight was leaving in 15 minutes, so I flagged down the waitress and asked for the food to go since we were running out of time. I asked for a well-done burger, but this thing was burnt!! The fries were overcooked as well. Thankfully, I had grabbed several ketchup packets which were needed to choke this crappy food down. If I hadn't been short on time I would have gotten my money back and found a better place to eat. I realize I was in the airport, but this food sucked even on an airport level!!!!  Never again!
2	Server was on his game but bartender needs to resign. Her standards and attitude need some additional adjustments or maybe she needs some refresher training on how to clean glasses and how to serve wine. My glass was dirty and had not been dried. Also, lots of drama within the staff...females. The guys were staying busy.
2	Food was just ok... Not impressed at all. I was dying to have a good Cuban sandwich, but again I was not impressed. I asked the waitress if the mojito chicken was spice (for my daughtet) and she said no... Well I love spice food... And that's was pretty spicy!! And the mojito... Don't order that...13.59 and worse mojito I have had in my life!! Not coming back :(
3	Solid service. Mediocre fare. Incessant steel drums. The nachos were typical but still appetizing. We each got a salad which came out to be disappointing but still edible. The sweet tea is really sweet.
2	They didn't know what a Hurricane was. Shameful.
2	Slow night. Service slow. Tap ran out. Saw 2 other customers leave due to no service. Another guy came up to the bar and said he's been waiting 10 minutes with no service. I waited long enough where I could only get a beer and not food. Had a 10:45 flight. Fly out of clt all the time. I'll stick treating in b or c wings.
4	I hit these guys the day after the worst snow storm in a decade to come through Charlotte. The staff had spent the previous night at the airport and was exhausted. I got the nachos, which were terrible. However, my waitress got it taken off my bill without me even asking for it. The wait staff was amazing! Will definitely go there again even if it's in a concourse I hardly ever visit.
4	I have been here twice and would go again if  waiting on a flight.  Food is above average and beer selection is decent.  Staff is friendly and let's you talk or work.
2	There are just two differences between Rum Bar & Grill and Burger King, BK has good food for the buck, and Rum Bar & Grill has a bar.  Just had the Coconut Mango Chicken Salad and one 9oz glass of Sonoma Chardonnay. My food came to just under $13 and there were more wilted greens on my plate than a field in Ireland after a really bad storm.  And for the money charged, I had the UN-pleasure of eating with deeply discounted plastic cutlery.  You know...the kind you get at an old school block party back in the 70's.  My glass of wine totaled just over $20, but at least it was delivered in a carafe.  Seriously, $20 would have bought me a bottle of Sonoma Coutre at Walmart.  I get it.  I am at the airport and business travelers tend to be less sensitive.  But...seriously??? I am giving Rum Bar & Grill two stars because my Server was on top of her game.  She was attentive, friendly and quick.  It just isn't her fault the final product sucked.  If you find yourself in terminal E at the Charlotte airport I suggest stopping to eat at the grab n go across for Rum Bar & Grill and then walking over for a beer.  I'm done!!!
1	Perhaps a good place for a drink, but the food was positively dreadful even by airport food standards. Split chicken fingers and fries with my son. Food was dry and bland. I found the server to be borderline rude despite the place being empty. Prices were really high although you have to expect that at an airport. Wish I would have walked a little further to a more local establishment.
4	Excellent pallamillo steak salad with local beer. Stick at Clt we spent a lovely two hours here Best at the airport.
1	Place looked decent for an older airport like Charlotte from the menu, wasn't busy at all on a Sunday morning. We sat ourselves, waitress came over within a couple minutes. First off and I dont want to be rude but she smelled funky....just a really heavy body odor smell. That alone should've been a tip. We ordered immediately, Cuban sandwich and a salad...then waited....and waited...and finally we saw the food come up.... And waited....and waited as it was passed by numerous waitresses. After waiting a total of 25-30 mins and seeing our food sitting for 15 of that we decided to just get up and leave. We didn't even get stopped nor asked what was wrong and I didn't feel like having to explain the situation. Overall go somewhere else.
1	Coconut mango chicken was a disaster and the ship cocktail did not taste fresh and the grand melon mojito tasted like a jelly rancher in a bad way,  I should have gone with the Cuban sandwich it looked better not that the menu had any pictures of the shitty food . .  . Skip this place
2	Portion was small considering the price. I ordered the "island omelette" with breakfast potatoes. I expected the omelette to be stuffed and a pile of potatoes. Nope! Weak little omelette  next to maybe 6 tiny potato turds. Lastly, my tiny shot of orange juice cost an extra $4! At least they played classic reggae music.
1	Had a few minutes before a flight out of a D gate and was starving from missing lunch so stopped by here to grab a jerk chicken bowl to go. What a mess! First, the order plus a bottle of water added up to $20. I expect airport prices to be high, so I just crossed my fingers that the food was actually palatable. Every single ingredient in the dish was bland--the chicken, the vegetables, the sauces they smothered everything in--and the rice and beans were an overcooked mush. I couldn't even finish it. Never again.
1	Nachos with jerk chicken were fine,  but a smaller portion than you're used to. Good for new years resolutions I suppose. The poor rating is for how a waitress (not mine) treated an old guy. He got a sandwich from the restaurant's take out counter,  then sat down to eat it. He left the bag on the table and started to leave. The waitress yelled at him to take the bag to a trash can on the concourse.  He said it was from her restaurant. She yelled again.  I was embarrassed for the old guy and she certainly disrupted other diners.
