2	Kind of agree with S L. here... the store is nice and clean from being really new, but some of the items felt like it was lacking.  This store is super clean and doubles as a grocery store (which is a good combination) when you want to buy food from somewhere.  It's right on the border of SC so you get the benefit of SC taxes but just a less than 5 min drive to NC.I think I will stick to the Walmarts that are closer to my house, so no more special trips out to this one unless I am in the area.
2	Brand new Walmart.  The staff is kinda inadequate for the area.  Every person feels like they have no idea what they are doing & getting assistance is like pulling teeth.  Often when I go to browse the movies that are on sale, many of the movies do not have prices listed.  Really annoying & I do appreciate the price scanners, but really? really?!The one good thing I will say is that it is not as busy as many of the Walmarts I have been to.  So the Walmart horror stories probably didn't originate from here.
4	Super clean. Really close to my house. Has everything a super Walmart should have and more - I did notice some of the other reviewers mention of missing/lacking merchandise, but I haven't come across that. I do pretty much shop for all my household groceries from here.
3	Ok. Wish they did oil changes here
4	This store is like a mini Sam's club! I cant find anything and walk around and around, and end up finding things I didnt know I needed
1	Huge store. Clean. It's a shame they can't keep their shelves stocked. They also have a very limited selection. I never find everything on my list when I go here. Just a waste of time.
4	Ok, I live close to this Walmart... because of that, I wanted to wait until I used this store often before I reviewed them.  All in all, this might be the friendliest Walmart I have ever been in.  The greeters are extremely friendly (like they should be).  The managers are typically floating around the store and are never too busy to help you find an item.  As far as the checkout clerks are concerned, they have always held a nice conversation, without holding up the lines.  I have nothing but great things to say about the people.The rest of the store is... well its Walmart.  Nothing super special jumps out at me, its just a good clean store.
2	Nice to have close by but no customer service
3	Full-size Wal-Mart that is a hair's breadth across the border into South Carolina which means you save a few cents on your shop. It's brand new and it has the nice signage and the nice fixtures. It's a massive (i.e., normal) sized Wal-Mart so if you're shopping with folks, you'll want to plan where to meet up if you get separated. No, I'm not kidding!Keep an eye out for the "clearance" aisle. Every so often, something truly decent lands in there.
1	I absolutely HATE this Walmart!!!!   The only reason that I come here is to try to pick up an item here or there since it's on my way home from work.  However, several times I've come out empty handed because they are miraculously sold out of what ever I wanted.   The management here is horrible since they can't seem to keep their shelves properly stocked.  Who is in charge of ordering?   It all boils down to the manager not running a tight ship.  If this only happened occasionally, it would be one thing, but every time that I'm there?  Also, the service desk needs additional help. One time when I went to pick up an online "ship to store" item, just one clerk was working the returns desk - and he had a line.   He told me to go to the photo area and someone would be there. So after waiting and waiting - I checked the print-out of my order confirmation, got the store phone number, and CALLED the mgr from my cell phone - having seen his picture & name on a plaque on the wall.    Lucky for him, a clerk finally showed up before he answered.  I will go to the store in Indian Trail, NC (1'st choice) or the Arboretum at Pineville-Matthews & Providence Rds. (2'nd choice.) They seem to be managed much better, and rarely do they not have what I'm looking for.  Enter this Walmart at your own risk - but understand that you have a big chance that whatever you went for is out of stock.   Read (and believe!) the others' reviews about this store not being properly stocked.
3	Not really sure how to review a Wal-Mart.  I needed some things and they sell those things there.  This location is not far from my house so it's where I go if I'm not near a Target.  It's pretty clean for the most part on both the food and market side.  Shelves seemed well stocked and they had a lot of staff walking around, mostly talking to each other but when I had a question they were able to point me in the right direction.  All in all, the experience was fine.  Nothing to write home about.
5	I don't know why this Walmart was rated low, this is one of the newer locations and one of my favorite Walmarts around.  I live in Gastonia but shop here with my boyfriend because it's closer to his house and they carry the cat litter that I can never find at the Walmart in Belmont or Gastonia.  Walmart is Walmart but it's one of the better ones.
3	What can you say other than, "It's Walmart?"Big, has one side groceries and the other side with the other non-edible stuff.  Scads of people and merchandise.  Bakery and deli with all the goodies.Walmart is the option for regular portions of shopping.  Costco has large quantities, like multiple boxes of tea, or sauce, or giant boxes of cereal, etc.  So Walmart is the place if you just want a couple of boxes of tea, or smaller boxes of cereal or one jar or can of sauce. This one is big and is open long house.  Parking lot is near always packed with cars.It's Walmart.
3	Usually not a fan of Walmart but this one is clean and straight for the most part. I just think they haven't got the stock up to meet the amount of people moving to the area.
3	Well, hard to paint a picture. Folks, this is Walmart. Loads of people, shopping carts, crowded aisles, and WalMart's saving grace: low prices. That, I suppose, is why we all have gone there in the first place. The lines are longer than you expect, so don't think you can ever just "run in and out", whether it's the middle of a weekday or Saturday afternoon, plan on being in line for 5-10 minutes. This is a large "super center" store with everything from lawn mowers to baby food. Seriously, they have everything. I've found this store to be cleaner than most of WalMart's other stores. Some bargains: take and bake pizzas, chicken breasts (1.99 a pound- best deal in town!)
