5	This is a raving review for PHX CLEAN- A Phoenix Carpet CleanerIf you love your pets as much as I do you'll find it hard to discipline your dogs when the stain the carpet. Yet you couldn't be more frustrated. I believe my problem was as bad as gets. I have two mini Maltese which are little fur balls and the cutest little things in the world. But they kept nailing me every time I turned my back, it seemed. I looked for carpet cleaning in Phoenix and carpet cleaning in Mesa. I tried Phoenix Carpet cleaning companies and nothing could get the odor out. I was considering the unthinkable...yes. I was actually considering selling these very expensive dogs because I could not control them. I finally got ahold of a guy named Adrian- I Googled him at www.PHXCLEAN.com because I was told by a complete stranger who over heard my conversation about my problem dogs. They told me there was nobody better, so what did I have to lose? I googled: www.PHXclean.com, got the phone number and called. The owner got someone out that day and thanked me for my business. Wow. I told him that my carpet was hit pretty hard and I needed it ALL out, I mean deep clean. Well, not only he deep clean it, he scotch guarded it, put special enzymes in it and them put a Cinnamon Scent that resonated throughout my house, upstairs and downstairs. I don't get excited about little things but this was huge! My kids are moving back in with me and it meant the world to me that he could get this done.So who do you think I call when I need Carpet cleaning in Phoenix at either my office or my home now?
2	I have used PHX Clean three times and each time gets worse.  The first time, we used them to clean the carpets in a rental. I wasn't blown away, but I wasn't disappointed.Then we used them to do carpets, tile, and move-out clean on a rental.  $700 later, I went to inspect.  There were salt packets, cat food, and peas jammed into the corners of the kitchen floor and grease spots/food spills still in kitchen cabinets and appliances.  The owner sent the cleaning crew back to touch up, but the cleaning crew said the floors were the owner's problem.The last time we used them was for my house for carpets and tile. I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt.  The owner said they would help me move my couches (several feet) from the family room to the kitchen.  (He did say this was against the insurance policy but since I was good customer would make an exception.I am confident my appt. was on Thursday.  On Tuesday, they called saying they would be at my house between 12 and 2.  I quickly scrambled to move all of my furniture except the two couches.  At 2, they called to say they were running late and it would be closer to four.  After 6, they showed up.To my surprise the job was subbed out to another company.  After some additional up-charging,  I asked for help moving my two couches and was told they couldn't.  I explained what the owner promised me and my disappointment with the appointment so far.  The tech excused himself to go and call the owner to presumably tattle on me and still would not help move my couches.They started cleaning my carpet after 7 pm.  Three hours later, they were finished.   I must say, I am impressed with the carpet cleaning.  (Must have been the up-charge, and using a machine PHX Clean doesn't even own.)  I have gotten my tile just as clean with baking soda and a grout brush. I did call the owner and ask him to call me back.  I still have not heard anything.
4	I am very impressed with Adrian from PHX Clean, he went above and beyond to make sure our carpets were left clean and in great condition. His business ettiquette was exceptional and any questions or concerns I had were taken care of VERY promptly. I am happy to recommend Adrian and PHX Clean to anyone looking for exceptional customer service in addition to clean carpets.
