5	@Lash The Lounge is my premier go to place for first class services that are very unique, high quality and extremely affordable. I love my eye lash extensions and so does everyone I come in contact with. Theresa Fuentes the owner makes me feel like a super star at each and every visit. I highly recommend @Lash The Lounge for all ladies needing the over night celebrity look, touch and feel!
5	Theresa is a true artist. I've seen lash extensions on others, and her skill is second to none. @Lash is a "Full Service" Salon that is on the cutting edge. A definite "HIDDEN GEM" in the heart of Scottsdale.
5	I am absolutely in LOVE with @lash!!!!!! I can't get over how truly amazing Theresa is! I would recommend this place to anyone who gets eyelash extensions. Theresa is not only friendly but gets to know you on a personal level, which makes me want to come back for not only an eyelash fill, but a good laugh. She takes her time and does an amazing job!!! I've had many compliments on how well she applies them, and I really couldnt be any happier with the service she offers!
5	Love this place!!! Such cute decor! Theresa is fabulous!! So much fun and so talented!! Highly recommend this place!!
4	Theresa does some of the best lash extensions in town, and is super quick! She does in 45 minutes what other places do in over an hour, and her work is better! She is always accomodating when you need an appointment, she is priced reasonably (especially for the amazing work!), and is very friendly. I would recommend @Lash The Lounge to anyone for lash extensions! My lashes have never looked better!
5	All eyelash places aren't equal and this place is a 10 in my book!I have been obsessed with wanting eye lashes noticing them on many of my clients for a while now. They make everyone so pretty! So I tried one place and they put on clusters which lasted less than a week that were so painful from too much glue. I found @ Lash and they save the day! They removed the few sprigs left which I called shooters, LOL! and put on individual ones with surgical glue in 2 phases. I had the first application and 2 days later a fill of shorter ones to make them look natural.  I cannot believe how my prettier I look and feel. They are holding up really well too! The gal that does them is such an upbeat spirit too! I cannot wait to go back. I think their prices are great.  They offer a package of 4 fills ($25 each) for $100 which is excellent!Their salon is super cozy and cute too. Black and white in animal prints with red accents. While I was laying there 3 different clients dropped in just to say hi because they were in the neighborhood. What great Karma I thought. Warning... do not open your eyes to see anything during the process like I did! The fumes of the glue will get you!
5	Love Lawrence!  He is so sweet, gentle and just has a great calming energy about him. He is on time, professional and does a perfect job. He listens to what I request (i.e. more natural looking lashes), not the stripper over the top lashes (so many goof balls in Scottsdale seem to rock).  love him and my lashes!From what I see this is a family business.  Book in advance, as they seem very busy which means they are good at what they do!
5	I love this place...for introducing me to Dazzle Dry, all natural nail polish! It is the best invention ever, and locally owned too!! I am allergic to formaldehyde, plus never wanted to ruin my nails with gels. This stuff makes your nails healthy, yet acts as a gel without all the harsh chemicals. I wish I could review the lashes, but I have never tried those. I have however seen the clients and they look fabulous...not like bats, like many women walking around Scottsdale. I love that this place is family owned and run. Great vibe!
1	Let me start off by saying I hate giving bad reviews! Usually I just take my loss and move on. That said here goes...I found @Lash when my boyfriend gave me a $100 gift certificate for their services. I checked out their Yelp Reviews and they were all positive. I called the office on a Wednesday afternoon and spoke to Theresa she booked me for the following Thursday morning at 9 am, perfect!  Great start! Unfortunately this is where the great ends. The following morning I received a text stating that Theresa could not keep our appointment because she had to take her daughter to school and she would call me later in the day to reschedule. I replied asking what could be done to remedy the situation that morning or late afternoon. Theresa then text me that she was "doing me a favor" by coming in at 9 and "it just didn't work out". Yet the business hours listed here on Yelp are 9am-9pm. I have to admit I was a bit overwhelmed at this point by the poor customer service and decided to just mentally step away from the situation to cool off. At around noon that same day I had still not heard from her to reschedule so I called the office to reschedule myself. No answer. I left a voice mail requesting to reschedule. Fast forward to 5 pm, Still no word from either the office or Theresa so I sent her a polite text essentially stating that I understood that that morning did not work out for her but I would still like to to make an appointment with her. I mean if she does great lashes and it's just this one little hiccup in the beginning it's well worth it as far as I'm concerned. Maybe it's just an off day. She replied about 30 minutes later that I should contact her office as she does not check her cell phone during the day while she does her lashes. Understandable, so I replied that I had called her office without a call back but will try again and "Thank you". My frustration at this point at an all time high... all I could muster was a kill them with kindness mentality. As I write this it is 6PM on Saturday. I have yet to hear from either Theresa or any @Lash staff. I wish I could review their lash skill but I couldn't get in the front door and past their terrible customer service to experience it. The gift certificate will go to waste. Big time Bummer.
4	I am amazed but how quick she can perform her services. At first I was worried they wouldn't look good since it only took 30 minutes but to my surprise they were great, loaded on there, and 70% STAYED ON for two-three weeks. She is reasonably priced as well, I spent exactly what I believe I should have. Which was a breath of fresh air being financially raped for lashes that fell off the same week, after HOURS of work at Itgirl Diva in Scottsdale.
2	I wish I could give @Lash a better review.  Their dazzle-dry nail polish product is really great - three weeks and just 2 small chips!!  However, the service is not good, and the manicure itself is super basic (not enough time to soak, no hand massage).  Scheduling an appointment seems to be a challenge.  The first time I called in, I was told the appointment schedule was not there and they would call me back.  Never did, finally I called and scheduled a time. The shop is cute and has character, but the manicure set up could be much better.  I had my mani done on a folding table, feeling pretty uncomfortable.  Scheduled a polish change which was part of the groupon deal, only to get a call to reschedule 2 days before the appointment.  The owner told me they were going to be closed - did they not know it when they scheduled?  I just cancelled the whole thing, there are places with much better service and ease of scheduling.  Too bad, if not for the service, I would have become @Lash's regular.
5	I love Theresa, Lawrence, Elizabeth and Christy! They are all truly amazing at their artistry! I look forward to going to @Lash The Lounge not just for treatments, but for the friendly, welcoming, warm atmosphere. My eyelashes are simply amazing...Theresa and Lawrence are both exceptionally talented in their craft. They are so meticulous and I always walk away feeling so great. Elizabeth does a great job with manis and pedis using the amazing Dazzle Dry product! How great to be able to walk away in minutes without worrying about chipping, smearing, or scratching off your polish - and it stays for weeks! Christy waxed my eyebrows and I don't think I have ever had anyone take so much time or be so patient and gentle when doing so. They looked the best ever! This is just one fun, energetic, happening, friendly place where you walk in the door and walk out feeling like a million bucks! All I can say is...AWESOME!
5	Theresa is amazing!  I'm addicted to my lashes, they're easy and no more mascara.  I get so many compliments on them, even my dermatologist thought I was using Latisse and when I told her they're extension she wanted @Lash's card!!  I've sent several friends who are now loving the look.  @Lash is so much less expensive than a general salon, too.  I recommend "The Lounge" to all my friends.
5	Wow !! This place is the best. Thank you for the lashes and taking good care of me.
5	First time @ Lash.  Found it to be a welcoming environment.  Very peaceful, nicely decorated surroundings made he feel like I had known this family forever. (It is a family owned and operated place)  Lawrence did a magnificent job and was very cordial and friendly throughout the process of my service.  I definitely will be returning.  Glad I found them!
