5	I will never forget Campiti's. As a youngster growing up playing on Potomac Avenue and Dormont. My favorite pizza was and still is Campiti's. I have not found an equal in the 18 years I have been in CA. The hoagies were pretty damn good too.
5	To put it frankly, Campitis is the place to get pizza and hoagies.  I've been going here since I was a kid and will always go here... as long as I can.  The atmosphere and the pizza are as good as it gets.  Campitis defines "hometown pizza" and, to be honest, it's some of the best pizza I've ever had (including during my international travels).  It's thin, light, and the sauce is perfect.  My recommendation is to combine it with a half Italian hoagie and you have one heck of a meal!  Salads are simple, but also great.  And for the price, you absolutely cannot beat it.  If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out.
5	Local call this place Camps for short. If u like thin crust pizza , this place is for you . Try  the bacon pizza .. It's fantastic . Cash only place
2	We were in Pittsburgh from out of town and read the reviews so we decided on Don Campiti's Pizza. Urban Spoon rated 91% favorite. This pizza is not good. Honestly, it tastes like Geno's frozen pizza from the grocery store. The pepperoni was very good. The crust was super thin and tasted like a salteen cracker. I've had much better pizza and will be exploring other options next time I'm in the burg.
3	After being told by a few friends who grew up in Dormont that "this is the best" I decided to give it a try. I walked in and ordered a large pep. and sausage. I'm sad to say however I was expecting much more considering some of the hype I was hearing. The pizza was just ok in my book, my favorite part being the small spicy pepperoni. As I ate I watched an Italian sub being assembled. As soon as I saw that peice of capicola...  I new I screwed up, there using the good stuff. To each his own I guess. I will return but not for the pizza.
5	grew up on camps....best sausage toppings in the area....hoagies are also tasty
3	Camp's has a cult following.   As soon as you walk in you can smell the melting mozzarella.  Love that smell.  W grew up on Camp's and is almost in the cult, so we go to Camp's from time to time.  It has been a real long time since our last visit so it was fun to stop back in.  The crust is a medium thickness, not to thin and not to thick, and somewhat crunchy.  One friend calls it almost like a biscuit, I really don't get that, but it is a little chewy and just a little brown around the edge.  One thing that I notice is they do not overload the pizza with sauce and toppings like some places.  Enjoyed our pizza and will be back.  Have had the hoagie in the past and if I remember correctly, it is very good.
3	"You really drove by Fiori's", said my cousin when I told him I picked up a pie from Campiti's.Would I get this pizza again?  Yes.Will I drive twenty minutes to get this pizza again?  NoI have to say this is a no frills pizza shop, and my pizza was ready to go in 10 minutes both of which I appreciate.  The cheese, sauce, pepperoni, and seasoning were delicious.  These three components are of equal quality, and the sauce may be better than the pizza powerhouses around the city (Mineo's, Fiori's, Doughboy's, Vincint's {while Vincent was still around}), but the crust is terrible.  I love the thinness and crunch of the crust, but there is no doughy-ness to it at all.  My ideal crust is thin and rigid, but once the surface is cracked when you fold it it has a little bit of dough in it.  This did not...I wouldn't say it was like a saltine, but I would say it has frozen pizza qualities.I liked how it was served in a brown bag  (hate dealing with disposing of pizza boxes).  I also think the pizza reheat well which is an underrated, but necessary component to pizzas.
5	I First Met Don in 1973 when I ordered my first Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza.Don use to work the counter himself and was always a very customer service kinda guy.I really miss him , but I'll never miss this Pizza cause I'll ALWAYS be a customer.As far as rateing , this place will be on my TOP 5 till I die.
4	Great pie...I could eat a whole large though...if you like a thin crust, you will love this
3	Good pizza.  Not great. Thin dry crust.  A pizza that has to be eaten quickly to be enjoyed.  Cools off in two minutes.  Clean. Good value for the money. However, much better tasting pizza in many places near by.
5	Looking for cozy decor, a fun atmosphere, and friendly service? Don't come here.Looking for a fantastic pizza served fast and for relative cheap? Look nowhere else.Campiti's is a hole-in-the-wall, formica countered, 70's-paneled, Pepsi menu board behind the cash register kind of place. There's not much seating, the t.v. is a tiny tube job from the 80's, and your pie comes on a piece of cardboard wrapped in a paper bag. And the service? Well, they're efficient. They don't care if you like them, they just want to get you your food, and fast. But who cares? The reason I make it a personal mission to go to Camps every time I return to Pittsburgh is the pie. It's thin and crisp, yet solid. Nice browning all over. The sauce is a well-seasoned red gravy that provides a tasty base for the copious amounts of mozzarella and whatever other toppings you want. Me, I go for the pepperoni - which is the type that cups up in the oven, forming little pools of fat - and anchovies. It's spectacular, and reasonably priced. It is, honest-to-god, my favorite pizza place.Worth the trip to the South Hills, wherever you start in Allegheny County.
2	People really are nuts about their pizza in the 'burgh - this I'm learning. I ordered a pizza from here because it's in my hood (walking distance, even) and because someone told me it's been their favorite pizza since they were wee little. I think a lot of places in Pit have false-yum status because people are just emotionally attached to things they've eaten for so many years... I don't fault them for that, but this just isn't great pizza, in my opinion.
2	The Hype surrounding this place will probably lead to your great disappointment.  We moved in to the neighborhood, and all we heard was Campiti's this Campiti's that, and how it is without a doubt, the best pizza in the Burgh.So, of course we tried it, and were pretty excited to do so. Now I have lived in several different Pittsburgh neighborhoods, and you always find the pizza you like where you live. Campiti's pizza is not the pizza I like. I wouldn't order a pizza from them again.Honestly, it was about up to a frozen pizza standard. Now, I'm not saying they are making frozen pizzas, they aren't but, I have even had better frozen pizzas than the pizza we got from Campiti's.Another reviewer hit the nail on the head saying people who say this is the best pizza around probably have some long running emotional attachment to this place That can be he only logical reason that people actually say it..
5	Pizza was absolutely great. We enjoyed the smell and taste was good. The crust is hard but taste good. I really enjoy this pizza I would really recommend this pizza place, if you are not a fan of high end pizza joints. Thanks guys.
4	Consistent and quality.  Although it might be a love it or hate it thing.  I love it, so there ya go.
5	This is the pizza I cut my first tooth on as a kid.  It will always be my standard measure for greatness in pizza.  Come enjoy and explore Dormont.
2	Disappointed after hearing so many good things. Pizza crust is like a cracker. Hoagie is pretty good, but does not remove the disappointment over the pizza. I think Molly's Pizza next door is a lot better....I won't order from here again.
1	Compared to the original Don Campiti Pizza of the 60's and 70's this is not even close. The legacy of a superior pizza in Dormont has lost it. No longer up there with Beto's and area best. Sad to say this pizza was so bad. I have been a diehard customer of the 60's and 70's. Crust was like cardboard. Toppings were worse. What happened to the legacy Don Campitis Pizza ?
5	This place is some of my favorite pizza anywhere in the US.  This place is delicious and the pizza is top notch! Love the smaller pepperonies and the crumbled sausage.  The hoagies are delicious too, but I'd suggest getting it with out lettuce or on the side, nothing nastier than warm lettuce!
