5	The Deli is the ultimate dive bar. Pool tables, darts, refrigerator cases full of beer to take home and slim jims sold at the bar. I should also mention they have a scratchers machine there too which has robbed me on numerous occasions. If you want a cheap drink, hear some classic rock, and try to kick your friend's ass at darts- this is the place to go. No need to dress up, come as you are and come to have a good time.
5	Oh Deli, you never seem to disappoint, last night you had 6.75 draft pitchers that were ice cold as well as the mention of $1 draft specials and $2 vodka u-call-it's, we never seem to leave with our pocketbooks hurting.This place is the mecca of people watching, like characters from a steinbeck novel all sorts elbow up to the bar and settle in for a while, looking for something.on fridays they have a DJ which plays everything from honky tonk girl to the cha cha slide, there was even some impromptu karaoke, at one point one of the patrons got rowdy and one of the bartenders and his friends quickly dispatched him and put him to the curb, though an old man almost got knocked over in the process.they have a toaster over and on previous occasions we've ordered tombstone pizza's the glasses are always frosted, and there's even a popcorn machine in back. They even have a chilled shot machine which I've yet to partake of.The Deli doesn't look like much from appearances, and when you're thinking about what to wear that night "don't" you're fine as you are.no one judges here.  It might quite possibly be one of my favorite bars, just because it has character. We never really plan on going to the deli, we just kind of end up there.P.S. if you ask the bartender you can play Wii on the Big Flatscreen in back.
5	I don't make it over to the west side very often, but Friday night I found myself in that area since my husband and I had dinner with Melissa H and her husband Matt H. After dinner in Glendale, we decided to check out The Deli as we wanted a laid back place to have some drinks. The Deli delivered.Pool, darts, a DJ (basically a guy with a laptop), a scratcher machine (yes, my husband got a ticket to try to win it big) and plenty of TVs to watch sports are all available. This is a very casual place, so there is definitely no need to dress up at all. Even in jeans, sandals, and a halter top, I was overdressed. Jeans and a t-shirt would be a much more appropriate outfit for this establishment. The highlight of The Deli is the people watching. We witnessed a fight that resulted in one guy getting kicked out, an older gentleman playing pool and in between turns dancing to the music, and some cougars on the prowl. Pitchers of beer were $6.75 and were served with frosted glasses (thank you...I love when bars do that). There were also $1 drafts and $2 you call it vodka drinks available as well. You can definitely get drunk for cheap, which is exactly what Melissa H and I did. If I lived over  in the area, this would be my go-to dive bar spot.
5	If you are looking for a great bar with excellent prices then look no further.  We went in on a Sunday night just after 10 pm. I had driven by earlier in the day and the parking lot was full, so it's a great place to watch a game with some buds and brew. I sat and talked with some of the regulars and it was a great conversation. It's the kind of place I wish didn't revolve around drinking, cuz I don't really like drinking all that much but I can see how somebody might get into that at the Deli Sports bar. I guess you could say the place can be addicting. From talking with the clientele it sounds like Friday and Saturday nights the place can be very busy, as well as the average Sunday and Monday night football season, (and I'm assuming any time a series of games are being played on the same day regardless of the sporting event.)The juke box is awesome because it's actually hooked up to some proprietary Internet server system so you have tons of options for music (even classical, blues and Jazz). One saw one person get a little out of hand but he was promptly dealt with, but even with that I would still like to go there the again.  Deli Sports Bar is relaxed atmosphere with excellent prices. The other reviews were very accurate.
4	This is a dive I can see myself frequenting. The crowd it attracts is above average for the region; the guys put my billiards skill to shame, and the women are under 40. Thursday nights are karaoke, and I was told there's a Nintendo Wii available, probably for people like me that don't want to get embarrassed at pool.The appetizers are cheap and creative. How many dives serve breakfast junk food, like french toast sticks, or sausage wrapped in a blueberry pancake? A friend and I split the fried cheesecake bites, and they were comparable to the kind of junk food you can find at the fair. Yum.The prices on booze are cheap, too. $2 vodka u-call-its on Sunday night. $3.25 for your choice of some interesting bottles, including Heineken dark lager (I didn't even know this existed) and Wyder's Pear Cider, which I was more than happy to down.A nice perk I observed was a room full of six packs in the corner. Apparently, it's to buy yourself some beers to take home when you're not ready for the night to end. Cheap junk food, cheap booze, and good people. What else do you want from a dive?
5	My traditional Irish family has always gathered at local pubs for a night out with the family, but recently we started going to the Deli.  The staff and owners at the Deli go out of their way to assure that everyone has a good time.  Even during a very distressing time for our family the Deli was a home away from home for us and our out of town gusts.  Don't miss the Friday Fish Fry with a fresh Guinness!
4	A great place to relax and have a few drinks; they have recently expanded. During the construction it was a lil gloomy. Throughout all my years of going to the deli, the only time I had a bad time was when I walked in and it smelt like cooking grease. I went home and had to change clothes because the smell was so bad.
4	Went to check it out with the hubby and was totally amazed that this place was hiding in golf cart land. The place was very clean. Lots of people enjoying the baseball game on the tvs. People playing pool and darts as well. Beer was cheap for a pitcher. The food looked good but we did not eat. Just enjoyed the people watching and the beer! Totally will be back!
1	The staff and service was okay.  However,  The "regulars" think they own the pool tables so if they want your table they will kick you off, and the staff does nothing about it, if you do say something the bouncers kick you out.  Definitely will take our business else where...
5	I've been coming here for over a year. The bartender always knows what I want, the servers keep busy with making sure everyone is happy. The electronic juke box is so awesome. We play darts in the back and the servers never forget to check on us. If you want a regular down home bar, this is your place. It's within walking distance of our house and we always meet someone new every time we come up because everyone is so friendly.
5	I live close so I normally end up here once a week. Highly suggest getting the tangy gold hot wings.
5	Great place. Small and has great drink prices. Can't forget to mention BEER TO GO! KCCO
5	Love this place! Great neighborhood bar right by my house. The food is surprisingly good, particularly the fish tacos on Tuesdays ! Cheap drinks, attentive staff and a quiet atmosphere.
