5	This is a great hotel. Awesome service and the rooms are nice too. We stayed here because it is close to the Metro so we can go down town, to old town and to the F1 track without driving the rent a car.
2	The old gripe about Hilton used to be, "Million dollar lobbies with ten dollar rooms". Somewhat sadly, the lobbies aren't as impressive as they used to and the rooms, well, they're mostly the same.I stayed for the second week of January 2013. Overall, the room itself is actually decent enough. It's a large room. One window opens about an inch which, during the winter, isn't a big help but may be nice for some fresh air in the summer. The bathroom is large, not especially well appointed and it has a rather tedious tub/shower. Given the space and the property one might have hoped for a little bit more but, to be fair, this room was better than average for Hilton.What was truly and grossly disappointing was the food and the restaurant. Know this Hilton Laval guest, be it summer or winter, there are MUCH better options all around you. For your own sake, do not eat in this hotel. Aside from the food being seriously overpriced, the limited menu gets tedious, after one night.The second night, rather do room service my wife went down to the restaurant to see if perhaps there were additional items available there. There were, but not many, very few in fact. The service was inconsistent to terrible. And the cause of the terrible part was very easy to discern.The "restaurant" is divided in two, one more casual and modern part is connected to the bar area. The other part is much more traditionally elegant and is separated by glass doors. It's very small (maybe eight tables) but I think it would be wonderful for my wife to enjoy a quiet dinner.This was not to be as they were using the entire room to entertain two people considering the property for a wedding. So the first kick in the teeth was, no, we can't eat there.So we go to the bar area and pick a table and everything is fine for the half hour or so, until the potential bride and groom arrive whereupon they are descended by half dozen or more hungry Hilton staffers, including our server. So even though we arrived a good half hour or more before the lucky couple, guess who got served dinner before us? And guess who had to remind the restaurant manager we had even ordered? Yeah, us.The WiFi is very slow, tends to bump you out every few hours and costs $9.95 a day. Sort of like the rest of my experience, I can't complain I got ripped off but I certainly don't feel as though there was any value there.So, will this happen to you? Most likely not. But I think it's indicative of their focus. And I mentioned earlier, there is much better food all around for much less money. Make it a point not to eat in the Hilton unless you're desperate (which is probably good advice at most Hiltons).One final thing and this isn't a sin exclusive to the Hilton but they're just the latest culprits. This new practice of charging outrageous deposits on credit cards just because they can is just that, outrageous. $1200 deposit for four nights in a $150 per night room? That's utterly ridiculous, I doubt there is $1200 worth of furniture in the room and that assumes I might pilfer or burn everything. There's nothing wrong with a small security deposit on a room. $1200, for this room in this Hilton, stupid and pointless.Overall, aside from the food experience, the room was decent enough. Not impressive for $150 a night but good. Next time I'm there for business I'll try another property not having been won over at the Hilton.
3	Stayed two nights in Feb 2013, pretty average hotel.  Nice lobby area.  My room was HUGE, the check in lady says it was a corner room, so try and get those if you can.  the bed was ultra comfy.  The bathroom was also extremely large.  I received coupons for free breakfasts when i checked in, I'm not sure why, but that was nice.  Breakfast buffet was vast and tasty.  Would definitely stay again.
3	Hilton hotels are usually a pretty good middle of the road business hotel. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were fairly well kept. My room did have an oddity where the counter prevented me from keeping the toilet seat up. As with a lot of Canadian hotels they provide internet service with a fee. Oddly this hotel offers a free and a paid for option. I tried them both and couldn't tell a major difference between the two (free appeared a bit slower). There is a bar and restaurant in the lobby below which was very good, but as expected pricy. I would stay here again, but the whole $10CAD for internet still is kind of weird in this day and age.
3	This review of the Hilton Laval is based on my experience using a room for meetings and the restaurant for breakfast and lunch.  We had two days of meetings and in somewhat typical style they setup the room for 20 people in a U shape and space was a bit cramped.  In a previous occupation I use to conduct 15+ training sessions a year so I'm familiar with many hotels and how they operate when you rent a room for a function/meeting.  For many hotels they try to put you in a smaller room and pack as many people in as possible.  This room provided was a long rectangular shape and with many of our guests being big guys it was a bit cramped but not too uncomfortably!  Catherine our function attendant was pleasant and was available when we needed a hand.  Her service provide was a 3.75/5!  What makes it more important for me is to have a person who comes by 2 - 3 times during the day to make sure everything was okay!  The meeting room had nice large windows which provided some nice natural light!  Meeting room was a big cold at times but I prefer it colder.  Many guests were a bit uncomfortable!  For the breaks I'd like to mention they put out what appeared to be V8.  This was not very popular as not as many people are a s healthy conscious!    Onto the restaurant.  We at the breakfast buffet 2 days and the lunch buffet.  I would rate this a 4/5 as there was always quite a good selection of everything you could imagine.  For breakfast there was even smoked salmon!  At lunch there was a good selection of salads, a few fish options and more than enough to choose from.  Although we have not received the bill yet I imagine it will be a bit on the higher end!  Everything is an a la carte option when it comes to meetings!  I'm interested to see how much they charge for a flip chart and if they charge for wifi (that we never used)!  You usually need to argue with them concerning some of the charges they want to impose.  We were charged $500 for the meeting room for 10 hours which in my mind is a bit steep, but probably comparable for other hotels in the area!   All in all not an amazing experience but not bad!  3.75/5
