4	Really cool upstairs bar on St Laurent. Really under the radar as far a bars and places to dance goes. Definitely no dress code. Admittedly a little bit of an American Apparel vibe, but that's what's awesome- it just means that you dont deal with egos, fights etc- it's just chill. Standard bar, like $5 Boreal.. Id say the best part is the dancing. Its basically a DJ with maybe a group of like 2 dozen people dancing in the front of the place. One of the best sets I've heard, some Justice, some Kanye, some Latin stuff, some remixed oldies, just everything- truly awesome. No thumping techno here.Go to korovas- honestly, it's really cool
5	This is a completely biased perspective, given that I DJ the Saturdays, but I'll say that my involvement with Korova is entirely based on the fact that 1) I like the staff and 2) I like the place.Since being taken over by a consortium of one self-declared prick, a pint-sized Persian, a surfer and a mysterious Portuguese man, this place has grown better by leaps and bounds.  The decor has been described as what you'd imagine a late 70s basement rumpus room would look like if the older teenaged brother had been indulged his decorating tips - classic table-top video games used as tables, some kitschy Pabst Blue Ribbon signs, and Catholic icons.  And yet, Pop's firm hand can be witnessed, too - in the form of two fireplaces, a gigantic stuffed caribou head on the bar, and three stuffed deer heads above the booths across the room.  There's a pool table and a foosball table, as well.Korova also boasts and hosts the varied DJ nights (natch), which cover the spectrum from - good Jesus - occasional bluegrass nights, classic rockabilly, post-disco boogie/rare groove, disco, classic rap, whatever newest indie hits are being hyped on Hype Machine, some of that dastardly blog house, and the perkier moments of 90s hip hop.The Thursday night is one of the newer and sweeter nights - hosts Trevor Anderson (from the High Dials) and George Donoso III (formerly of the Dears, the guy even has his own Wikipedia entry.  Wow.).  It's called Thrills, Pills & Bellyaches and focuses primarily on the sorta pan-Atlantic hits from the mod and northern soul scenes, as well as classic R&B and soul.  Always packed, plenty of dapper gentlemen and well-dressed young ladies packed onto the dancefloor and swinging away under the dull glow of the blue neon sunglasses above the DJ booth.Wednesdays are hosted by two brothers and a Mennonite runaway from Saskatchewan.  They play new-wave, sweet post-punk gems from way back when, and damaged post-rock that isn't lame, like Six Finger Satellite and associates.  I bet they've played the Monorchid before.
5	LOVE  this bar! It's so nice to find someplace so laid back yet FUN in this classy town. Reminds me of my old college bars- no rules on dress, no rules on debauchery, no rules.Pool table, baby-foot (fuzbol) and a round of tequila shots at midnight to ring in my sister's 21st birthday!  I will always remember this place!
4	This is my favourite Montreal dive bar. I try to stay away on the weekends, but pretty much any night from Wednesday to Saturday is a good night to check it out.Korova is one of those places that's dead at 11:30pm, but jammed packed by midnight. My favourite characteristics include 750ml bottles of Pabst, Nick (one of the owners), one particular bartender, and a ridiculous amount of young, cute hipster girls.Personally, my favourite nights are Wednesdays and Thursday because even though it's busy, you can still breathe and move.
5	Korova is one of my favorite bars, and I was only there as a tourist.  In fact I have to thank Yelp! and the people who reviewed it or else I'd have never gone much less knew about the place.  I recently finally put paid to a long time yearning to see Montreal.  Before I left I had the benefit of plenty of young locals whom I could reference for night spots.  Montreal has a ton of night spots, but I wanted to seek a place or two that were "my speed" if you will.  That meant dive bars.  Well having been to Montreal now I can't say that I'm surprised that Biftek was mentioned.  That lead to me Yelping and finding Blue Dog and then this place.  So my first night out was a Saturday night and being the solitary traveller I was, Biftek was too crowded and Blue Dog was dead.  That's not to mention that I was really sort of set on checking out Korova based on what I'd read here on Yelp!  Well I spent a good hour trying to find the place.  I'd brought instructions with me on my trip, but I left them in the hotel room that night.  So while I knew I'd passed it on Saint-Laurent at some point, I couldn't remember exactly where it was supposed to be.  The folks I spoke with couldn't help either, which tells me that this place is a best kept secret.  Eventually I found it the next day, but sadly that was a day late.  Anyway, you're looking for the place the sign is small and it's an upstairs bar so it's easy to miss in the line of all the other bars and clubs on Saint-Laurent.   So I hit up the bar on a Sunday night.  I read in the local paper that it was being DJed and it was "garage/punk" night which is largely right up my alley.  So I headed out at about 10pm.  Well when I got to the bar I was the only patron there.  Literally.  The DJ came upstairs as I came in and it was just he and the bartender.  This turned out to be a blessing as both were really cool guys and despite being out by myself I felt right at home.  In fact I ended up staying all night and closing the place.  I had such a great time that I knew I'd be back the next night.  One thing I will say about that night though is that despite it being "garage/punk" night, the music did change towards the end of the night as some people came in to dance and the DJ being as good as he was changed it up for the crowd.  Now I'm a bit of a music snob and while I preferred the garage music, I could appreciate the music being changed up for the crowd.  Monday night rolled around and I headed back for a second night at about 10:30.  Now this night was to be more of a "dance" night with more of a college crowd.  Anyway, I'd met that night's bartender the night before and looking forward to another fun night out.  Well they'd just opened at 10 and I was the first person there again.  However a small group of locals came in shortly there after and took over the foosball table.  As the night wore on the college crowd came in and the tiny dancefloor area picked up.  As the night wore on I met more people and had another great time.  It was a great too because the locals and the college kids were all mixed in just fine.  All in all it was a fun and memorable night that I won't soon forget.As for the bar itself, like I said before, it's a dive bar.  It's cool though and it has it's own distinctive style.  It's a bit small, but definitely not tiny.  They wall have an elk trophy and a moose trophy and that sort of decor.  There's a foosball table and a pool table.  Apparently they used to have old-school video games (like Pacman) as tables,but those are gone now.  The bathrooms have really cool saloon-style swing doors that are actually kind short.  Then behind the bar you've got the Pabst fridge, which for a Milwaukee guy is cool to see.  I loved my trip to Montreal and I definitely plan on going back again for a number of reasons.  Near the top of that list is Korova.
5	Exactly what we were looking for! Worth the ride from Old town. We wanted a chill Bar...no house music, no pretense...just some Pabst Blue Ribbon! This is the place.
4	A completely unpretentious hipster bar. On the weekends, this place is packed to the walls with drunk hipster and students out to dance and have a good time. During mid-week, it's still a great place to head for drinks with friends -- and sometimes just randomly packs up after 11:30/12:00.The bar has a decent selection of liquor and beer, including 750ml tall-boys of Pabst. And if it's really busy and you don't feel like waiting to be served, there's an old 7up machine by the washrooms that served up cans of ice-cold PBR at $4 a shot.The staff are also really friendly and easy going, from the owners to the bartenders. In fact, the first drink I'd ever had there, I didn't even pay for. It was a quiet weeknight, and I was asking the owner about their bourbon selection while I waited for my date, and he served me a double of some premium and aged Kentucky straight bourbon on the house.in a nutshell, a great place party it up on the weekend or just water yourself down during the week.
5	Let me just say this first, and please take this to heart - If you have to go to any  one bar/club/pub in Montreal... GO HERE. You will not only get the best of all three worlds, but you'll have a killer good time! The atmosphere was bang on. Not sleazy, not up tight, no over-the-top hipster-ey, just an absolute good time! Drinks aren't expensive and there's no cover charge (from what I remember). The staff are friendly. The people that go there are great fun and may I also emphasize that the music is fantastic! You will be dancing the night away with your friends (or anyone, really).This place is a must. Just a note - the music level varies from average to very loud (depending on how far away from the dance floor you are)
4	Say it loud I'm hipster and I'm proud! I love it here. Great vibe, fair priced beer and a good sized dance floor. Sometimes the music isnt my style but the overall atmosphere and pool table make up for it.
5	If you arrive before 11 (they open at 10) you get the pleasure of experiencing one of the best happy hours in Montreal!! 5 bucks for a large bottle of PBR and a shot of Jack Daniels!! Score! The decor is awesomely tacky, and you have access to a color photo booth which I always love to drunkingly use. People like to dance there, the dance floor is spacious. One of the best bars in montreal by far. Do it! Go!
2	I'm a little disappointed in the atmosphere in this bar. It's not at all what I read in the reviews, at least not last night. The music was weird and unless you like 40s of PBR, there's not much drink selection.
5	This has got to be one of my favourite places in Montreal. I went there 3-4 times and I always enjoyed it. The prices are very good and the music great. The decor is relly nice and unique... and and and the coolest thing in the world is present in this bar: a photo booth.
5	Great bar! Come for the special before 11! Small bar, great atmosphere, free popcorn!
5	For my cousin's wedding weekend, we did a pub crawl and this was one of our stops. This was my type of bar to actually drink and dance at. I loved the crowd - stylish hipster types. It's got a cool funky decor going on, it's not expensive, and I loved the music - mixed up hip hop with some pop old school stuff. It started getting really busy on the dance floor around midnight. I wish we didn't even have to leave because it was so fun!!
4	This is a fun little dive bar with a dance floor, old arcade cames, and a hipstery vibe to it. My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate his birthday on a Sunday night, which is always a tricky night to celebrate. Overall, we had a good time. It was exactly our type of place.The beers on tap were generally pretty awful, but I wasn't expecting much. I'd stick with the enormous bottles of PBR for sure. The bar tender was attentive and friendly, though he asked my boyfriend what he wanted for a birthday shot, and I'm pretty sure he charged him for it, which seemed kinda sneaky. He provided us with ample free popcorn though, so we forgave him.We switched back and forth between the dance floor and the hockey arcade game for the night, which was a blast. The music was great, all the way from the 70s to the current day. It's always fun dancing at a place that appreciates older music.I forgot that the drinking age in Quebec is 18, which to me, makes a big difference in the crowd. There were a lot of drunk younger kids there, which was kind of annoying, but they were just having a good time so I had to remind myself not to be such an old snob. But the crowd was pretty varied, and it doesn't really get busy till 11 or 12. It cleared out pretty quickly too though, I imagine because Sundays are slow in general. I would love to see what this place has to offer on a busier night!
4	Cheap beer and a working vintage photobooth! What's not to love!There are also vintage games in the back, a beer vending machine and a sign of Jesus above the men's room. All pluses in my book.
5	I used Yelp during a recent trip to Montreal with my boyfriend and found Korova. It became our favorite bar while we were there. We drank and drank and drank and I really don't remember spending more than forty bucks. We loved it so much we visited on two more occasions before the end of our week long trip. The bartenders and servers were very chatty and friendly. On Sunday we even sat outside after tam tams. I wish I could find the equivalent of Korova in DC.
4	Like the reviews say, unfancy and unpretentious. Climb the stairs and if it's after 11:30pm thurs-sat you will in all likelihood dance like crazy. Don't go looking for a great line up of local beers or a signature cocktail list, but you can get cheap drinks quickly and with a smile. The dj is often seriously awesome, so much so that you will dance until the bare black walls shake like they are made of glitter or sound waves. The audience is mixed, on the undergrad side but not in an obnoxious way, with a good mix of 30 year olds thrown in who come to hang out with the owners and staff who are locals and chill.
4	Great for a fun and inexpensive night. Free entry attracts lots of students from McGill who are always ready to have some fun :p
2	Feels like a high school dance sometimes. People don't seem to be having too much fun.  Kinda fun to dance on the risers, but those same predatory men (every time) are not fun at all.  The music has its high points but is usually just tolerable.
3	Drinks are decent price. Honestly it's not the most divey spot but its cool. There's a DJ and small dance floor. No services to remember. The bar back was pretty tall and handsome so I felt fascinated. I danced, shook my butt everywhere- 4$ cover: meh! Some of the people in it looked 15 years old which was weird but hey I'm on Vacation. 6,50 CAD for jameson, jack, most beer. If your into more of the I need to feel hipster scene come here. Its a great place just young for my lifestyle.
