4	In my recent shopping adventures I've realized there's a lot of hidden vintage stores that aren't advertised as vintage.  They may have some new and they may have some old, but one things for sure, they have a lot of really unique and fun merchandise!The one thing that really stood out was the fun tea and tea sets.  I'm always a sucker for anything tea related, to get in check with me English side of course!  One of the really cool things they offer is individual Republic brand tea bags sold in cute packaging.  This is ideal if you're looking to try out a new flavor of tea and aren't sure if you'll like it.  It's also a really cute gift to give to someone with, say, a cute tea cup.  They also have a lot of gift offerings such as cards, fun magnets and eccentric purses and key chains.  But the really fun part is they also have vintage jewelry mixed in.  I'm a sucker for any selection of vintage jewelry, so this a nice treat!If you're on the hunt for eclectic gift items or vintage accessories for perhaps....yourself (yep, I said it!) visit this cute little shop!
5	This sweet little shop has more antique-y inventory than new and that is perfectly fine with me. And the pricing is out of this world reasonable. Now knowing that it has been there for 8 yrs bums me out. How did I miss it?Little shops like this get me all giddy inside. My candy shop of sorts. Vintage, vintage inspired and new kitschy items like earrings, OOAK necklace/earring sets for $14.99- that is outrageous!, linens, statues, ...I am sorry I forget the owner's name in-spite of our lovely chat. I will be in soon and will remember it this time.  Well anyway, she is good people. Definitely on my Lawrenceville radar.
4	I like this place.  It has decorations that remind me of my parents house in the suburbs.  I'd been looking for wreaths and swags in the city for years.  The other reviews are dead on.  There is a nice mix of vintage stuff and kitsch decorations. The best part of the store is the pricing.  It is very fair.  I try to shop at Penhollows on Highland in Shadyside, but their pricing is pretty steep.  This is much more in my price range.
4	What an adorable store! Came here randomly because house of the dead ( the store next door ) was closed. So glad we stopped in! This store has tons of random little unique trinkets and items. Soft and cozy socks from a small business with goofy and inappropriate sayings on them, woodwick candles, tea and adorable Christmas ornaments .. This place has a little bit of everything. Currently all of the Christmas items are 40% off. I purchased two mini Christmas spatulas  for $1.10 each and an Irish Christmas ornaments for about $1.25 after the discount. They had magnets made by the local company "yay!" And really unique kitchen items- like cleaner for your sink and spatulas with goofy sayings on them. I love coming to lawrenceville to visit wild card and house of the dead, but now I will definitely come back to lawrenceville for dandelions !
