4	6 months ago my grandma had us goto coco's. yuk. So when we came to visit again i told my wife anything but coco's dennys etc... It was funny because we where suggesting chilis and black angus and she would bring up coco' each time. but i told my wife i am done with those type of places. So we got to goto chili's :-) i ordered the memphis dry rub ribs. Ive had them before and i love the flavor. The ribs where kind of dry and i had to rip the meat off the bone. It wasnt as dry as famous daves though. The ribs i got near home at chilis are a 5 but i can only give this one a 4.
5	Our local Chilis is phenomenal! The staff knows us by name and is always friendly. They make great food suggestions for when we don't know what to get and seem to be more then willing to help with any questions. The food itself has always been delicious. The prices are more then fair for the amount of food you get and the drinks there are phenom! I love love love the margaritas!
1	Too much salt!  If I were a wild deer, I might have appreciated the salt lick that was my meal.  And I like salt.  I even liked the Angelina Jolie movie.  I sent the fried onion and jalapeno appetizer back and replaced it with fried cheesesticks (no appetizer option that was not fried), but it was both salty and freezer burned.  I then got my meal and had three bites before I gave up and sent it away.  They gave me coupons for a next visit, so I gave them to other diners.  I will not risk the high blood pressure.Service was good, but they need to make the food on site so that they can adjust the salt content.  I think corporate wants to sell more drinks.
4	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday because we were able to use a gift card we had. We were both very surprised at how yummy everything was. We were pleasantly pleased, and will definitely be going back. Great service, great food.
1	Food was cold, service was slow (understandable since it was a Saturday night), and to top it off the server LOST my debit card. I immediately asked where my debit card was and he just walked away (to look for it?). The manager comes over to say the server says he handed it to you and he looks around our table. It turned up on another empty table. I barely got a "sorry" and that was it. I understand that mistakes happen, but how about some customer service?
3	Chili's is OK, but somehow I don't like the food as much as I used to.The service at this particular location was awesome, but the food itself was probably the worst in memory that I have had at Chili's other than the appetizers.
5	It was just one of those Monday's when I was too tired to cook, oh who am I kidding that's about every Monday, and any day that ends in Y! So instead of heating and eating at home we stopped by one of family favorites. Service was great, Tyler was fast and friendly and the food was great as always! My son had a Southern Smokehouse Bacon Burger, loaded with bacon and onion strings, sampled a few they were full of flavor! I had the triple dippler which was plenty of food to share, with two kinds of chicken, spinach and atichoke dip and a ton of chips! We even shared the lava cake, it was a perfect way to end a long Monday!
4	Lunch with Mom.  Queso, chips and sliders.  Can't get much better than that!
5	I haven't been to chilis in 5 years! I went because I had a coupon for a free kids meal with each Adult meal ordered. Boyfriend forgot his ID to get a beer so they couldn't serve him(we understood..I was a waitress). Manager came to table apologizing and offering free dessert :) food was great! Nikki was our server and she was awesome! I will be going regularly now! The house margaritas were only $3.99 and were strong :) menu is large! The southwestern eggrolls were very good!
3	This Chili's is a great neighborhood restaurant.  I love how this Chili's is always clean and the staff is always super friendly.  Chili's is always a great supporter of the local schools so they always give out free kids meals with purchase of adult meal or some kind of special to bring us in....and we do!  They have a great deals on lunch and happy hour specials.    My husband review would be 2 stars based on poor beer selection on tap and the last time he ordered nachos......he wouldn't call them nachos, he was disappointed. He does love the hamburgers as they are consistently good.  He also likes their lettuce wraps. Thus, our 3 rating......Mom and kid give it 4 stars and dad.....2 stars.
5	steak fajitas are amazing (marinated meat). The chips are light and freshly made. Had the chicken wings-ive had way better. Overall really good, will be back
1	Here on a Monday and the bartender couldn't see past a three foot radius. I sat at the one seat open at the bar that had the leftovers from a previous guest for 30 minutes before I had to switch seats from the mess not being cleaned up. Then, I got a view of the kitchen and remembered why I don't come to chili's. It was a complete mess and the MANAGER was munching on food just adding on more weight. Gross. My memory serves me right.
1	We took my mom in for her first outing after surgery today.  The chips were very good.  That is the LAST NICE thing I have to say.  The salsa was acceptable.The hostess was very unfriendly and seemed confused.  Really poor attitude. She put us in a spot where my mom could not get through with her walker.Our food took over 40 minutes to arrive.  Two meals took an additional five minutes to come out.  My mom's steak was well done, ordered med. rare. They took the steak and then seem surprised when five minutes later I asked them to take the plate away and bring out fresh fries, bread and veg WITH THE STEAK when it was finished! The waiter was perplexed as to why she might like her whole meal at the same time.  I finally told them to forget the steak dinner. We were leaving.  The manager came over and was completely clueless about how poor his staff was performing and how crappy the food was. He could have cared less.   He thinks schmoozing is going to make us forget the crap show they just put on?  Puleeze!!That server should be spending his time in his station instead of hiding out in the kitchen until he HAS to come out.  That is a surefire way to fail to see what you need to see.My fajitas tasted like the sizzling skillet they were on.  There was no other flavor there.  The side of beans and rice was a complete joke.  It was flavorless as well.  The cheese that came with the order seemed fake.   Don't sell Mexican food if you are going to fail to put any authentic flavors in.  I guess it serves me right for not going to a Mexican restaurant and just stick to fried appetizers at a place like this.Really, really disappointing.  I will not be back!!!  The quality is missing from the food.  The quality is missing from the service.  The quality is missing from the management.
1	This is not a vegetarian friendly restaurant. I went there and tried to use a coupon. When I showed the coupon to the server he LOUDLY stated that I had not ordered an entree. I ordered the quesadilla explosion salad without the chicken. Apparently this is not an entree. I was not arguing with him when he got belligerent and said he should have charged me for the chicken so I could use the coupon. I was so embarrassed that he was making me look cheap to everyone around us. I am done with Chili's. I will find a more friendly restaurant.
4	We came in to have lunch today and have a wonderful meal. What happened to another party really me made me appreciate this location. They had a party of 15 come in and they opened up a section that was closed to take care of them. Now that's customer service.
