5	This place is AWE-SOME for gaming geeks like me! Right when you walk in they have the classic arcade The House of the Dead, it is so much fun. I was surprised to see that they had a game lounge including a clothing line. That is plus. Even though I did not buy anything the first time I went the second time I took my time to look through the games they offer. They have every classic game that you can think of apart from some really rare ones. They have a large selection of games used, new, and classic games. If you are looking for a nice place to show your friends the Gaming Zone is the new place in Tempe. I got to meet the owners Alejandro and Jorge truly they enjoy what they do.
5	One of the, if not, THE BEST video game store in town.  Definitely worth the drive coming from Scottsdale.The Gaming Zone is exactly what their name is.  Very real and unbiased employees, a good selection of used retro titles, and a very clean place that holds tournaments and just plain fun.  Wide selection of video games to play on the spot.Trading in games for either cash and/or credit is very fair and down to earth.  Unlike other re-sellers or video game stores, The Gaming Zone will give you fair deals for the games you want to sell.  Never had to return a used item from these guys.Overall, this place is a solid store with solid service and a solid selection.  Did I mention there is an arcade section full of some child hood memories?
5	The perfect place for video game lovers to come hang out and shop! They have an arcade, movies, retro games, and a video game lounge. All at reasonable prices! Highly recommend.
5	The place is amazing. The guys that run it EVEN BETTER! So a stop in friendly feeling when you come in. They have classic games and new games and they even match prices from competitors. The classic arcades are the icing on the cake. These guys make it all happen and make it all fun. Seriously go support these guys if not for the games and classic games but because its a small business and that is what this country needs more of!
5	Ok so i walk in this place hoping to find some of the rare games that i am missing in my collection and guess what, they have what i was looking for and even more, i talk with the guys that work there and ask them their opinion on Chrono Trigger and we end up talking about it like 2 hours, i end up leaving with 3 rare games (Earthbound, Chrono trigger and a free Conkers Bad Fur Day) yeah i said free, they are having a Black Friday Weekend B2G1F so i will be coming back to this store really soon.
5	I recently started to really get back in to gaming and have been online looking around a lot. I've also visited other stores that buy and sell used games. This place is by far the best. They give you decent prices for your used games and have used copies for sale that are better than almost anywhere else, including eBay and craigslist. I'm excited to try out the game room. I got a free membership which gives you 10% off one purchase a month and a free hour of gaming per month as well. I'm glad this place is so close to where I work. I imagine I'll be visiting regularly.
5	Great place to hang out! It's not just a store it's like an authentic arcade; so these guys are bringing it back just more effectively. They even have a game room in the back that lets you try out new consoles and games. This is how arcade stores should be. The games they have,range from new games to old school games that are a rarity; so yes they may be pricey.These guys buy,sell and trade whatever you guys have;as long as it works. The guys are great and really know their stuff.
5	I heard about TGZ through my own local community, as they've hosted quite a few gaming tournaments for us during the last year. Things are only looking better for 2014! Their gaming lounge is a great size, with 8 stations for gaming set ups, and a little spare room for more. Pricing is very reasonable, as usually they host just out of love for the gaming community. They're very willing to support a variety of games, as I've seen them host magic, fighting games of all colors, pokemon and more.If you're looking for a place to extend your gaming community, this is absolutely a place to do it, with a great central location. Even if you just came in for the lounge you'll find yourself wandering their eclectic gaming collection, with a huge variety of classic and modern games to choose from. These guys are gamers, and if you're a gamer looking for something you'll find it here at a great price.
5	Great store and cheap prices. They have all the games you can possible imagine, reasonable prices. Also you can play any game all day pass, login online use Xbox live. Play multiple players and save game.  Also arcade games if you like old school, once I walked in I felt like a little kid once again. I will definitively come back many times.
5	Outstanding selection and fair prices! The staff is very friendly, and the store is clean and loaded with cool stuff. Classic systems, games, and accessories - great for older gamers and collectors. And, better prices than Game Stop!
5	The owner was really helpful and you could tell he cares tremendously about gaming. Prices were fair bordering on cheap. Clean and well stocked. I especially liked the stock of old strategy guides. Will return again for Retrocade!
5	I live close by, so thank my lucky stars! I wouldn't mind setting up shop in the gaming area and living out the rest of my days only sleeping, eating, and gaming. The place is totally air conditioned, no windows, has flat screen tv's and consoles, comfy chairs, what more could you ask for? However, since I have a life (is a life without gaming, really a life I want to live??), I can only make it in here sporadically. Don't even get me started on the customer service, which is hands down, the friendliest customer service I have ever experienced this side of the desert, including Las Vegas. Here we were, chatting up the shop clerk, when lo and behold I find me a copy of Vampire Hunter D. Now I know the game is kinda crappy, but I had to have it for my collection of rarities. Cheaper prices than on Amazon too. So far, this is the only store I know of that stays open so late for all of your gamez (yes, I said GAMEZ) needs.
