4	I've so glad to hear of this accessible location. I used to go to the bakery when it was in St. Henri - that's true love as it was really out of the way. I had to take STM and walk to get there. So aside from the open air markets & bazaars I'd rarely partake of these treats.I will now make it a point to indulge myself more often.
5	Finally!A proper bakery and sweet shop in Verdun!I stepped into Sweet Lee's a few days ago for the first time and was immediately impressed with the vibe and offerings. With soft cookies, quiches, crumbly pies, sandwiches and salads, along with an amazing coffee/health bar on the other side, Verdun has scored another amazing spot to satisfy your sweet tooth.Literally sitting across the street from the majestic church on Wellington Avenue, Sweet Lee's is steps away from metro De L'Eglise as well. You cannot go wrong coming in here on a cold winter's day to indulge in a cookie and some tea while stealing an hour for yourself to read a book or catch up on your email.Love it!
4	Location: In the heart of Lasalle. Space: I LOVE it! It's very rustic, with wooden benches, red walls, and a funky metal-tiled ceiling with of course, shiny new displays. The food stuff is immediately to your left, while the coffee/beverage station is to your right. It can be a little confusing when you want to order though - there wasn't really an order to the line, and I wasn't sure if it started at the cash or immediately at the end of the counter (i.e. when you walk through the door). It also wasn't clear to me if you have to order your drink separately from your food, or order at the same time, pay at the food cash then move over to the coffee station. Food: First of all, everything looked bloody amazing. They had huge cookies, brownies, pizza, bread etc. Since we were taking our order to go (no room to sit), I just ordered a dark chocolate +espresso + cinnamon cookie that was to die for. It was so incredibly fresh that the big chocolate chips were melting in the bag. That worked out well because the chocolate froze as I walked outside so I was able to pick it off the bag and eat it. What? Don't give me that look! Service: Good. I really wasn't in there that long to elaborate so I guess I'll just have to go back. There's a brownie with my name on it =-)Verdict: Go! But be warned, I think the hipsters have already taken ownership of the place.
3	It's almost worth stepping inside just to have a look around the place. The metal-tiled ceiling, the lamps in glass jars, the wooden benches and panels, it's enough make this spot stand out from all the other cafes and bakeries on Wellington - and there's lots of them. Then, of course, there's the selection of baked goods behind the counter. Always so much to choose from, I couldn't possibly try everything on offer, it all looks delicious. And yet, most of what I've had so far isn't actually all that great. The maple cinnamon roll seemed too dry, and I couldn't pick up any of the maple. The chocolate croissant was all gross and soggy on the inside...Now I mostly come here for their bread, which is excellent, but the whole place seems a bit expensive for what it is.
5	A cute and wonderful bakery with great service! I love the atmosphere and of course, their delectable pastries! The store is shared with a coffee shop and the weird thing is that you need to pay separately for your coffee and pastry! Otherwise amazing stuff to be had there! A must go in Verdun!
5	Had the cranberry cookie, and hazelnut/graham cracker mini cheesecake tart and both were amazing! Special shout out to the extremely helpful and friendly staff who waited on us -- I've become accustomed to slightly irritated staff at other bakeries (ahem au pain dore) so it always feels like such a luxury to be treated with patience and kindness. Thank you Sweet Lee's, we will be back and often!
