5	Wow!  These guys go over the top!  Absolutely five stars to all the folks who work here.  Not only did I receive top-notch customer service but they really saw to it (no pun intended) that I received everything that I ordered - and then some!  The lenses were received in and they didn't feel they were perfect so shipped them back and asked if I would mind waiting a bit longer.  These are my eyes; absolutely, I don't mind!  I am so very pleased with this place, I tell everyone who is "blind" like me to go there.  Thank you, thank you, thank you, Central Eyeworks!
5	I needed to have my eyeglasses adjusted to fit my face better.  I didn't purchase them here and so I figured I would be charged a small fee.  Not only did the very nice gentleman adjust my glasses perfectly but he also didn't charge me!  And he gave me a cleaning cloth without charging too!  I highly recommend this place as the customer service is top notch.  I will definitely be purchasing my next set of eyeglasses here.
4	Love this place!!! The ONLY reason they don't get 5 stars is becuse they do not take health insurance so I had to pay them out of pocket and be reimbursed. The service was 5 stars, the Dr. was very pleasant 5 stars! The selection of glasses to choose from was 5 stars and the fact that they took their time to really help me find the pair that was perfect for me was awesome.
5	I think the eyeglasses fairy was watching over me when I decided to pop in to this place.  I have been back multiple times and each time receive EXCELLENT customer service and frames/lenses that are a perfect fit.  I truly feel like these guys really care.  The other day, Ray was helping me with new lenses for my sunglasses and knew what type of finish the lenses came with originally.  I purchased these frames 10 years ago somewhere else!  This guy knows his merchandise old and new and will be very willing to help you too.  This place is quality all the way and comes with a higher than average price tag but aren't your eyes worth it?  They do have specials so if you want a deal, check out their website and give them a call.
5	I made my first visit today and what a gem of a place I didn't know about! The doctor is so special; the customer service so great - Sherry was warm and welcoming; the owner, Tommy helped me find the right glasses and fit them; he also does all the work on them himself. He told me things I didn't know about buying glasses, fitting them, etc and the price for 2 pairs was more reasonable than I have paid in the past. The selection is also great; They aren't pushy in any way and are very helpful. They all weighed in on how they looked on me and took IPad photos so I could see for myself. They even would have stayed late if I needed them to while I looked! Great place!
1	From the street it looks like a nice place but the staff thinks they know exactly what you want and try to push it on you. I just wanted to find a different pair of frames from the bread and butter places. Look elsewhere first before you try them here.
5	Fantastic styles, great lens, personalized customer service . . . a must stop and see optical store when you are serious about quality, stylish glasses.
