2	I remember Mad Greek being featured on Food Network some time ago, but I totally forgot about it on my recent trip to Vegas until my mom brought it up, except with her Chinese accent she pronounced it as "mah greek." Naturally, I was thrilled to finally try this place out. Mad Greek serves other classic favorites such as burgers and pastrami sandwiches besides their famed gyro. Apparently there are several Mad Greek locations all centralized near or around Las Vegas. Here's the dealio:Have been here twice within a span of two days. I went to the one in Baker as well. The first time to check it out, and since I wasn't hungry enough for a gyro, I got a strawberry milkshake, a pistachio baklava, and a spanakopita to go (yes, definitely wasn't hungry). Here I was expecting to be knocked off my feet and my socks rocked the hell off by the shake ('cause apparently my mom has tried it before and loved it--she rarely likes food). It tasted...not really like a strawberry milkshake. The strawberry flavor was completely off and tasted very bland. Ok, way to mess up a strawberry shake.The pistachio baklava was all right, but had way too much syrup in one layer, so you ended up with this effect of an imbalanced, overpowering sweetness as you chewed through the pastry. The spanakopita...well I have had much better back in the Bay.The second time I came back I tried the gyro, and my mom ordered the chicken gyro. The fries were soggy and not crispy. The gyro meat, yogurt sauce and rice were all ridiculously overloaded with salt. Not sure how people could stand that level of sodium on their pallet. I wolfed it down despite the saltiness, my determination to finish it driven only by the price (10 bucks) I paid for it; the gyro was, in fact, a huge disappointment. I love gyros and have tried a number of them, but this one was definitely far off from being the "Best Gyro in the USA." The chicken gyro was actually quite tasty and less salty.As the juicy cherry on top of my whole experience here, the prices were ridiculously pricey. Almost 5 bucks for a shake; 10 bucks for the gyro and rice or fries, 4 bucks for a fruit cup that didn't even taste fresh or sweet, etc.Extra star for the interesting decor and funny ass signs posted around the place. I may return in the future to try out the fried zucchini, but until then Mad Greek you make me sad.
3	I love stopping at the Mad Greek in Baker so I had to try this one.  I went there on a Friday night and I was surprised at how small of a place it is.  It sits right in the corner of a little strip mall looking place next to the strip.  I was perplexed by the menu so I asked the kid at the register and sure enough they have NO SHWARMA!  I get that every time I go to the classic Baker restaurant.  I went ahead and got the Mad Gyro which I was told is beef and lamb (not unlike shwarma).  I got it with no onion, peppers or tomatoes.  It was excellent.  The cucumber salad thing that always comes on the side was, as always, delicious.  Rice was perfect.  I will definitely go back there again.  I can highly recommend the Mad Gyro.
2	we were getting hungry on our way to vegas and originally we were going to stop by del taco until we saw the huge MAD GREEK sign. i love love love greek food so i wanted to try this place out even though it was in a sketchy area...the restaurant is fairly big. and they have a huge menu...which includes greek AND mexican food. mmmm strange, yeah. the restaurant was definitely overly decorated with greek-esque statues. i think all those statues, pillars, and fake leaves kind of killed it for me and prob made the food taste worse than it really was... we all got the gyro, which came with rice and a side of that cucumber sauce to dip your gyro in. it was a little pricey ..around $10, but the gyro was pretty huge. i really wasn't that impressed with the gyro or the rice. everything was really salty. we also shared a side of the chili cheese fries which definitely hit the spot. i loved how it was served with a tonnn of chopped onions!! i'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say that i'm sure there are some items on their menu that are probably pretty good. i'm hesitant in coming back here though after their too salty gyroid much rather go to del taco.
5	It was my boyfriend and I's first day in Vegas and we just happened to find a buy one get one free coupon along the strip at one of the newspaper dispensers. Well it was getting late and we were hungry so since it was on the way back to our hotel we took a chance and tried it. Now I know what Greek food should taste like because I am Greek and have grown up eating good authentic Greek food since I was born.If your looking for good authentic Greek food this is the place. The food was AMAZING and reminded me of the Greek food I had in Greece. It was WONDERFUL! My boyfriend had the souvlaki plate and he loved it. He especially enjoyed the cucumber sauce and the portion size. It was huge! I had the Gyro Plate and that was fabulous as well! Huge huge portions. Trust me the place is totally worth it and the price can't be beat. If you can get a coupon do it because you will be wanting to take more home. It's truly worth it. Truly worth it!
4	Tasty Gyro hell yeah !!we were waiting for the bus to take us back downtown, and the bus went by like twice because they were full, and I was hungry as hell, and the Mad Greek is right behind the bus stop, so I got a Gyro with no Tomatoes, the pepperchini on it added a nice little taste to it.I would to go back and try some other stuff
2	Food was not that tasty and definitely not worth the price. The man who took our order seemed to be in la la land and I had the urge to whack him on the head. The rest of the staff seemed a little out of it too... maybe the manager wasn't there? Any who, not worth going to.
3	A perfect place to stop after the insomniac nights in Vegas!!We left to Los Angeles leaving behind the Flashing lights and all the sins we committed :DAnd we did come across the board US Best Gyro..so we did get down and i must say it was 108 F that day!ouch.We ordered the Gyros and ahmmm we were definitely hungry ,and it was kind of satisfying but not the BEST Gyro ..awwww..But they had some good greek cafe and their Strawberry milkshake was fatty good .This is a good diner place.And it doesn't hurt to stop by and get some satisfying Gyros than the usual fries and greasy burgers.But my friend had her eye on the range of sweets of they had.Maybe i would go back with her to check them out,i shall save that for my next Vegas trip.So mark it down people!MAD GREEK on your way back from VEGAS.The name actually makes sense.After Vegas+this place=MAD GREEK!get it uh uh? :D-Smriti
2	Love the food. Gyro was bomb so was the hummus. BUT the waiter was greedy and didn't give me my change. Yea like I was about to leave you a $6 tip when my food was about $14. Don't assume. Just give the customers the change and the tip will be left on the table for you. THEN you take the money and keep it, not before you give the change.
4	A little pricey for just a gyro ($10) but well worth it!  The gyro was pretty bomb.  I can honestly say it was the best gyro i have ever had in my life.  The homemade tzsiki sauce (sp?) was sooo good, it was literally the icing on the cake haha definitely a stop for me on the way to vegas or on the way home from vegas because its open 24 hours!
4	nice fat, succulent gyro sandwich, w/rice & drink for $9.99 .  best homemade taziki i ever had. been here once & will eat here anytime. nice, clean operation & the 4 employees i encountered were hella-nice.  ok dolmades.
5	We had this place 3 days in a row- 2 times a day. The best gyro I've had, very sweet baklava. amazing.
3	Stopped here to grab a bite on the way to Vegas and I must say, the service here is absolutely horrible! The cashier who took my order looked like he hated his job. He had a blank expression on his face the entire time and even yawned while taking my order. He also got my order wrong and when I corrected him, he rolled his eyes at me! He did apologize after I gave him a death glare but still, rude! As for the food, I had the chicken gyro and it was actually pretty good. A little on the pricey side but it's better than eating at one of the nearby fast food joints.
4	I got the combo but its best to just get the lamb gyro on its own with the tzatziki sauce. Very filling and yummy with a soda.
4	good quality gyro.  now they have breakfast gimmicks like gyro & egg burritos, lamb breakfast sandwich, gyro omlette.  great iced green & jasmine tea.  tried the gyro burrito & would get it again.
3	Not the best Greek I've had.....but good nonetheless....^_^The Gyros are pretty good I have to say....large serving.....plus the meat was crisp and tender....I always saw this place driving up to Vegas and I wanted to try it....then seeing it on Diner's Drive Ins and Dives just made me want to try it even moreso hah....Thankfully I got to coerce my Family to come with.....definitely worth trying if you need to get your Greek Fix satisfied....Everything is very over the top in decor.....but you gotta love it.....good strawberry shake too!!!OPA!
3	Pretty Great Greek food... The salads are very tasty and of course the gyros are yummy.  We used to love it here when they danced and threw the plates but these days it is more sedate.   If you are playing video poker, they do not give you any drink free - only bar brands... You can sit and wait for carry out but beware the video poker machines were not very friendly or loose when I was there:(
3	i like this place, its usually always on our way to vegas. Their gyro is "a-ok" but seriously we also ordered their meat sandwiches a.k.a shawarmah's pretty GOOD yummy and juicy full of flavor. I was interdicted to this place when we got super hungry and just got pulled into this parking lots by the sign even before it was ever made on the Dive-in show! Not your average "Dine-in" Joint because of their traffic and customers. Still hits the spot you'd enjoy it. And if you don't you really don't have much of options on that part of the road. its the only Dinner!
3	Whenever I am on the road to and or from Las Vegas, I always make a stop at the Mad Greek Cafe. Its either that or KFC, Subway, and McD's. Chicken Wrap- Chicken is diced and served with tzatziki sauce. Only reason why I give it a 3 stars is cause the chicken is diced and not shaved like how you normally get at Zankous. Chicken at Mad Greek is not great but its A-OK and the pita bread is nice and chewy and fluffy which I like. The cucumber yogurt sauce that comes with the wrap is so addictive, I seriously place it all over my wrap and my rice. The rice that comes with the dish has good flavor too, not mush or firm. All the wraps come in a meal so you have to get a drink even though you don't want to. Shawarmah Wrap- Beef and lamb. I didn't order this but my friends did. They said it was good. The meats were sliced thinly and meat had good flavor. For some reason it looked dry to me but they said it was fine. Fried Mushroom- Must get! When I ordered it, the mushrooms were freshly fried and came with the yummy yogurt sauce which is a great pair with the fried vegetable. The cafe is not cheap and its not the nicest looking place. But overall, its decent greek food and is a place I continue to stop by because it became more of a tradition for me if anything.
5	AMAZING LIFE SAVER...After heading out of Vegas back to the Bay area after a crazy weekend in LV for EDC , we were stuck in traffic and very hungry . We stopped to get gas off the freeway and I instantly panicked when I saw there were no healthy options in sight. I dont care for fast food it always makes my stomach hurt. Plus it was 100 degrees outside and we were in the middle of the desert. I was worrying about the nasty food I was about to be forced to consume .. and then boom this place pops up . I was so happy ! made the bf pull in so quick I think the car made a screeching sound (ok im exaggerating) ..so the food.. I had the Gyro and fries. Fresh delicious Gyro meat and the fries were perfect and not greasy at all... My bf had the same and some deep fried somethings that were tasty. This place is really good and I cant wait to come back and have some more !
1	very expensive mediocre food.  I was very disappointed.
4	The perfect non-fast food place to have lunch on our drive home from Vegas. The gyro meat was yummy and not too salty. I absolutely loved the tzatziki sauce which had chunks of cucumbers and pickles in it.  The side of rice that came with it was also good.
4	Love this place.  It is our family tradition to stop here on the way to Vegas.  I couldn't tell you what I got last time because I couldn't pronounce it then when I was reading it off the menu, so I definitely can't remember it now.  It was some kind of chicken shish kabob and it was amazing! Their powdered sugar almond cookies are bomb!! They have a ton of really yummy looking things in their bakery area.  I am looking forward to trying something new next time!
2	This review is for the Mad Greek Primm, NV "stateline"Food is ok, not great or craving to come back. Every table had a bottle of tapatio on it, this should be a clear message they are not serious about Greek food.
4	Very good food. Service was fine. I'd eat there again
1	This location on the strip is gone, there is a taco place instead. Mad Greek is off strip up Sahara now
1	Spent some time looking for this place. It's closed and has been replaced by Taco Gorda.
