3	Good wings.  Too bad they stopped serving carrots with them.  Don't order anything else though.
4	We were at Gene Autry baseball fields for a morning game that lasted until 1pm and then we just had to get something to eat before heading back to Scottsdale. One of the guys had mentioned seeing this place, and it seemed like a perfect spot for a bunch of smelly ball players after a hot winning game. There were about 13 of us and we ventured on in. The restaurant was clean and the perfect sport bar/restaurant. Tons of tvs and very friendly staff. They pulled together four tables for us and got us started on drinks a computer game for playing trivia. Our waitress, meigken (not sure on the spelling, but the pronunciation was MIKEN) was very friendly and outgoing. She had enough spunk and quick retorts for even our best smart a*& in the bunch. It was great! We all got our drink orders and proceeded to place our food orders. They had some specials with pulled pork slammers, some good looking appetizers, wings, ribs, wraps, lots of choices. Several of the guys ordered the slammers, and I ordered a naked tenders wrap with honey mustard. Our first attempt at the trivia was pittiful until a bunch of the guys began noticing what was going on. More brains are better, I have decided. Our meals showed up and we all started eating. The pulled pork slammers were delicious. The sauce on the pulled pork was great, just what I like. My naked tender wrap was light, but tasty. I did put some medium wing sauce on there to spice it up a bit. I like spicy and the medium was right up my alley. Everyone seemed to enjoy their food. No real complaints to speak of. The service was excellent. All 13 orders showed up as ordered and the boys were content with their lunch. Who knows if it would have been different with a loss on the field, but I think the place got good remarks all around. All bellies content and it was back to all of our respective resorts/condos for a nap.
2	I came here with the family the day after Thanksgiving to watch some football. We ordered some boneless wings that were pretty good and Miller Lites that were on special for $3. The bartender/server seemed pretty annoyed to be working and wasn't very attentive, even though the place was empty. After we finished the wings we ordered some more food. This food was bad, a few burgers and some sort of soft taco plate. Nothing was good. The televisions are very outdated as well, no HD, flat screens, plasmas, or LCDs. Just small 20 inchers and some very large projection screens. The video quality was very poor, the projection screens were very washed out, to where you could barely view. The small TVs didn't have a clear picture. I would think if you advertise so much as being a sports bar as they do, the TVs would be up-to-date.I was really disappointed in this place, I love hot wings and beer, I thought it would be a good spot.
