4	The east side has carried the burden of urban decay in recent years, but it's nice to see a new library in pristine condition.  The Hickory Grove branch is located practically in the shadow of the behemoth Hickory Grove Baptist Church at the corner of Harris Blvd. and Hickory Grove Rd.  This branch is nearly always busy, but not as rowdy as Independence Regional or 'compact' like Plaza Midwood.  The adult non-fiction collection  is pretty decent and fairly new as they have expanded their collection with the recent opening.  Hickory Grove has a large, general non-fiction collection-able to make you a dilettante in just about any subject.  The self -check out is so conveeeenient and I don't have to sacrifice selection, personal safety, or risk a fender-bender.  I'm pretty much sold on this being my new library.  Just wished they could be open later or more days of the week.....
4	While I cannot actually remember ever going to the old Hickory Grove library - tucked into a little strip mall next to Aggie's - it was scary.  At least for the time being, you can see the sign on the outside of the strip, and that is bad enough.It was well worth the trip just a few minutes down the road to go to the Independence Branch.  Then they built the brand-spanking-new Hickory Grove building, right across from Hickory Grove Baptist Church, as an outparcel in another strip mall (the Food Lion center), and it is a beauty.The only problem?  Due to the recession, they promptly closed it for much of the week.  As I write this, the building is up to being open four days a week - Tuesday, Wednesday (10-7 both days) and Friday and Saturday (10-5).  Now I get the need for cutbacks, but seriously?  Maybe they should not have spent quite so much on the new building so that they would have been able to staff it once it opened.  Crazy.
4	Nice treat for my five year old, who has to be reminded he should refrain from running through the glass door. His excitement and curiosity to browse the shelves is the start of an awesome desire to read. Hickory Grove Library is a free and safe place where I can spend time with my son. He looks forward to the Wednesday night read and activity nights before bible study.I'm happy he feels at home and we greatly appreciate this resource. They have movies, books, computers and private rooms for children to study. On Tuesday I noticed they also offer tutoring to little children by teenagers. I like this idea. The convenience of the location between home work and school is invaluable to our family.
5	Even if you just need a free bathroom, be sure to check out the Hickory Grove Branch Library  on 5th avenue. Pretty architecture, lots of history, and that old book smell.
