4	Great place to chill out and have a laugh with friends. You can let the kids run riot here as it has play park as well as tennis courts and a great pitch and putt 18 hole golf course set up in it as well so take your own clubs as it's free but you can hire clubs if you don't have your own. On main bus route into town and has selection of bars/restaurants nearbye.
4	On warm, sunny days it is written in Edinburgh's constitution that you must head over to the Meadows. For those unfamiliar with the city, this is the large park that dominates an area just south of the city centre which Marchmont and Bruntsfield border. It's very green and clean, with room for everyone to enjoy the sunshine. There really is nowhere better to head with your mates, a 2 litre bottle of cider and a Frisbee. Unfortunately barbeques are not allowed, but I think you could probably get away with having a small one (if you did it on the sly and cleaned up after yourself). There are two decent play parks for kids, although you're never too old for the swings, and if you head up towards the part nearest Bruntsfield, there's a pitch and putt. Lovely jubbly.
5	As soon as the sun comes out it seems all my friends Facebook status's say the same thing:"Meadows?"And like good little soldiers we all head up there. Not before grabbing some food and beer/cider beforehand. Then we spend the rest of the day basking in the sunshine and larking around. It seems most of Edinburgh thinks the same as the Meadows comes alive during the summer. The park is so huge that no matter how busy it is, you still feel relaxed and peaceful. There has been times when I have gone to meet friends and decided the park was too huge to find them in so instead set up camp elsewhere. Probably not the best place to hang out after dark though. Two friends were beaten up by a girl and a guy who had a 2 by 4 on the way home from a night out.
5	It was sunny this morning as I was walking through the meadows, and I felt amazing. I looked bad  - last nights make-up and baggy jumper,  one martini too many last night, but I felt amazing. There's something really liberating to be able to walk through such a beautiful part of town and feel completely safe. There were a group of kids playing football on the left, and a man practicing his juggling on the right, as well as numerous blankets sprawled all across the green green grass, and I felt cool damnit. I live in a different part of town now, but I really miss walking through the meadows. Every week (sometimes every day) there's something fun going on in the meadows, whether it is seeing speech bubbles coming out of the trees or a cream-pie fight, there is always something to do. It's probably one of the best kept secrets in Edinburgh , I certainly never see any tourists around the area. But they should be - for me, it's one of the best things about the city
5	With the backdrop of Arthur's Seat, a vast and expansive grassy field, lengthy cycle tracks and hopefully some radiant sunshine The Meadows is the perfect place to relax. Away from the hustle and bustle of Princes St The Meadows presents ample space for a game of footy with your companions, spacious grassy plains to freely sprawl out on and read your favourite book or even an extended patch of grass to practice your golf swing.  Often busy in the summer months and bursting with activity the meadows is highly recommended excursion away from the central area of Edinburgh.
5	I cant think of anything better than The Meadows - just in general. A huge expanse of field in the middle of the city that is home to joggers, sports teams, dog walkers and students throughout Edinburgh. If you want a walk to get away from it all, go to the Meadows, if you have the urge to throw a frisbee - Meadows it is. By far however, the best time is those few glorious days where the sun comes out in Edinburgh - the place becomes literally jam packed with groups of students soaking up the sun, drinking a few brews and for the unlucky, doing some studying in the sun.The Meadows are an institution in themselves - a great park, for just about anything you could want it for.
4	A beautiful park in one of the nicest areas of the city, the meadows, like every other park in large UK cities, becomes a magnet on a sunny day. Unfortunately, a sizeable proportion of the sun-worshippers whom descend upon it's grassy plains are those who still think it's both big and clever to neck bottles of beer and skeg in public places. It isn't, and by sunset when the atmosphere has long switched from relaxation to half-cut aggression, it just ruins it for those that don't require copious amounts of booze to feel happy.It's proximity to studentville also means it attracts huge numbers of Edinburgh University students, of whom a small but vocal minority are quite literally the most crass and hideous subculture on the planet.Lovely and green, but best appreciated on it's quieter days, when ironically, it will be freezing cold, raining and blowing gale force winds.
4	Sunbathing, sports, walking, chilling, people watching, reading, larking, living - whatever your outdoor needs are, The Meadows are a great place to pursue them. Stretching out over quite a large expanse of area surrounding the city centre of Edinburgh, including the student favoured Marchmont and Bruntsfield, this a green area of banter that is worth inhabiting when the weather is decent, and ideally when the sun is shining enough for some general basking and frolicking.I feel pretty fortunate, as an Edinburgh resident, to have The Meadows available for recreational purposes so close to the city centre. The last time it was super hot in temperature and sunny, well super hot for Scotland anyway, I went up to The Meadows to meet a group of friends and eat summery themed items/have a mini BBQ. Of course, about a thousand million other people had the same idea, but it's understandable considering the dire state of our weather 360 out of 365 days a year.
4	There are few cities where you can get something like the Meadows on your doorstep.  For me it's now just down the road and it's probably the best thing about where I live.Whether you want to go jogging, play frisbee, rugby, football or laze around in the sunshine, perhaps with a good book, the Meadows is big enough to accommodate you; the Meadows is really vast.  Even on Saturdays when they have two cricket games on there is still more than enough room for all.For those looking to get a kick about Wednesday and Saturday afternoons are the best times - around 2pm being ideal.  This is when most of the games kick off.  Whether you go on your own or with mates if you come on these days you should get a game, just so long as you ask around a bit.Backed by Arthur's Seat and bordered by trees the Meadows is a great place to relax and on sunny days it will be full of people with the same idea.  For those looking for a bit more excitement there is a miniature golf course on offer - not mini-golf, but scaled down golf with hills and greens included.  You will have to bring your own clubs and balls - I've never seen any for hire - but it's free so well worth the expense if you will to pursue this regularly.  On a summers day this is the place to be and if you're a hardcore sportsman or jogger then it might be the place to be all year round.
5	The Meadows is one of the greatest attributes which Edinburgh has to offer.  It's simply a massive expanse of grass, lines with trees and segmented by plenty of paths and walkways.  Living in Marchmont, I walked across the Meadows at least once a day in my second year of uni and it provides the perfect head-clearing walk.The upshot of this, of course, is that the Meadows is horrendous when you're cold, wet, hungry and tired walking back from a night out.  As all Marchmont and Bruntsfield students know, however, this is just character building.On warm, summer days the Meadows is undoubtedly the place to be.  Everyone is playing touch rugby, frisbee, football or just chilling out with a bevvy and their mates.  The Meadows is a valuable part of the city's geography and a great addition for everyone.
5	Nothing beats a frolic in the Meadows.This flat expanse of green, green grass spans over from the University of Edinburgh towards Marchmont in the south. There are some interesting quirks in this park, not to mention it being the popular spot for sporting events. There are a number of smaller events held here, not to mention the Meadows marking the Moonwalk's beginning and end. It was at this event that I first entered the Meadows, and thought it was a great space for a big events as much as it was a beautiful park to see at the break of dawn.People young and old flock to the Meadows to take advantage of the tennis courts, to laze in what little sun Scotland grabs and to bring their kids for a good old run around. It is one of the quintessential parks of Edinburgh, and one of the best.
4	During the summer (if we get any sun, that is) The Meadows is a prime sun bathing location and on a sunny day you will see the people of Edinburgh strolling through here in their droves. The Meadows is huge and if you have kids, you can keep them occupied for the whole afternoon with a picnic and they can play in the play area complete with slides, swings and climbing frames.It's not just people that enjoy this place, our furry companions are equally big fans. One of my friends lives not far from The Meadows and comes here every morning and evening with her little dog Jeffrey. I've been with her many a time with little Jeffrey who just loves running around The Meadows. Excellent for a picnic, sunbathing, an early morning stroll and best of all in summer, The Meadows is loved by all. The only downside is that there can occasionally be dodgy characters wandering around complete with Pit Bull but nothing's perfect, I guess.
5	After spending the day here, I've decided I love the Meadows more than most. Reasons include :- you can sit on the grass all day and nobody takes much notice- you can sit alone and be perfectly normal- you can take a picnic- you can join in games- you get asked to join in games- it's wonderfully green- no dog shit- no pesky cyclists almost killing youit's bliss
5	The Meadows are fantastic, and the city is blessed to have such a huge area so close to the city centre. For me the best thing about coming here is for 'Meadows Football', you can come here on any day, but particularly Saturday or Sunday and get involved in a match with other guys who are equally just looking to have a good kick about.Whenever even the slightest glimpse of the sun comes out, the meadows come to life with an abundance of picnickers and sunbathers, trying their luck at getting a tan in Scotland.There are also tennis courts that are on the periphery of the Meadows and throughout most of the year they are free to use but in the summer they are only free in the evenings after 6pm.The meadows is also a perfect area to just come and relax, alone or with friends, listen to music, read a book or just lark around.
5	Along with the Castle and Arthur's Seat, the Meadows are the Jewel in Edinburgh's crown. They are fantastic, a huge open space in the middle of a city, a refreshing sight nowadays. Stretching from Newington to Bruntsfield and running up the length of Marchmont, they are the student's playground, but also one for the rest of the city's residents. On an average day you can see people jogging, training for sports, having a kick about, playing ultimate frisbee, or just chilling out having a chat. During the summer, the Meadows shines. In the first few days of sunshine, about half the student population run out to sunbathe, drink, smoke and have a laugh. The festival atmosphere at this time is great, with everyone getting on. During the festival as well they have entertainments there, including the infamous Lady Boys of Bangkok. If you are coming up to the city make sure you pay them a visit, and if you are a resident you already know how good they are.
4	You'll be glad I shared this little anecdote with you when you read this. I have grown to quite like the Meadows for a bit of a hang out on a sunny day, although it utterly disgusts me that there is such a sizeable quantity of morons who drink there and just dump their shite on the greens when they hit the road. Get past this and you can enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and pleasant surroundings on the 2 or 3 days a year when we have the weather for it.However, this is not what springs to mind for me when anyone mentions the Meadows. The memory that springs to mind for me is of a story my mate told me when he lived with the Ambassador Sauna girls. One of the girls did a bit of escort work on the side, and on one occasion she got a call from a gentleman looking to have an experience with a couple of girls. Pretty standard stuff you may at first think, however, this sick little puppy wanted that experience to involve 2 escorts dressed up as school girls receiving some "How's your father?" in the play park at the end of the meadows, presumably when they got lost on the way home from school. My friend, who shall remain nameless, had to go down and collect the money from the punter, and no doubt battle with the temptation to hide in a bush and watch. In my eyes, this effectively either makes him their pimp, or just an everyday hero. I can't decide.Next time you walk past and hear a little girl saying "Mummy, I've put my hand in something...." just remember what goes on in there after dark.
5	What an awesome, quiet center of solitude, easy to walk to from the center of town.
5	What's in a name? There's something just so quintessentially lovely about a big, open, green space in the middle of a city called The Meadows, isn't there?And that's exactly what it is. A wide, open space of green grass, mostly flat (although I've discovered there are some sneaky, killer hills on a few runs - Brutsfield Links particularly!) that is criss-crossed with footpaths around, diagonally through, winding round.It's like the Eden-ic hub of the Old Town. It connects the other side of Nicholson Street, Marchmont, Bruntsfield, Tollcross, Bristo Place and the University. So it's always full of people walking the winding paths, I swear the trees are magical and hatch new pups and dogs every day (there are always 100s no matter the weather), joggers (exhibit A), and that's just in the winter.Come the summer it's packed with anyone who likes sun, a park, an open space for a glass of wine, and beautiful views. And that's everyone right?It's not so much the sort of hot-spot a tourist would want to visit. I mean, it's just a bit open expanse of greenery. But it's definitely the pride and joy of the locals, and I still can't get over when I walk around the bend from Tollcross, look up, and can see Arthur's Seat crowning the green, green grass. Stunning.
4	"As I walked over London Bridge,So many;  I had not thought that death had undone so many"So wrote TS Eliot (the wasteland).  When I studied in Edinburgh I joined the undead in the daily walk across the meadows as we followed various paths to converge on Middle Meadow Walk on our way to places of work, play or study.In the evening, when the Meadows were not particularly safe for lone women to walk, the doorbell would often ring with fellow students looking for an escort to the other side.All in all an excellent park in the south centre of Edinburgh.  The cherry blossom in early summer proclaims that exam time has arrived; the runners and dog walkers, the preoccupied pedestrians rushing to or from one place or another, all combine to make this vibrant place one of the Capital's treasures.
5	The Meadows is such a great place for walk on a nice sunny day.
5	The name conjures up the picture. Perfect place to chill and relax. Ten minutes from the city centre. You'll find all ages here. The play park is a superb place to take your children. (Snax Cafe is around the corner too). For those of a sporting persuasion there's the Tennis Courts. The Pavillion Cafe also resides besides the cricket areas. Football, volleyball, frisbee, the Meadows is a constant hive of activity. Balmy evenings, look for the BBQ smoke threading its way skywards. How many cities have the like in their centre's?As always during the summer there are many events - look for the tents - Fringe, Shows, Charity events, etc.
5	A park of all seasons! In winter you can come and sledge here and enjoy a winter wonderlandIn spring don't miss out on the cherry blossoms and free golf just in the next door links! Oh and of course all the FLOWERS!In the summer this is the place to be during those few hot days- BBQ, frisbee, music and good vibes! There is also a circus on the grounds during the Fringe.In autumn the beautiful (and a bit sad) shades of leaves are a great feat. A lovely park to jog, walk, read, hang out in and one of my favourite spots in Edinburgh!
5	Probably the best place to spend a warm sunny day in Edinburgh. On days as spectacular as 30/09/11, thousands of people converge on the sprawling park to BBQ, sun-bathe and frisbee, all activities I didn't expect to find when I moved to Edinburgh. Definitely not complaining though. I mostly use the park as a running track, and running through large groups of sun-dress-wearing girls, with the air smelling of grilled meats (and faintly of el' weedo) is much, much more enjoyable that slugging it out on a treadmill.
5	On the day of the Meadows Marathon I thought it rather apt to write a wee homage to this wonderful piece of park right on my front door. As Anna F says, it is a park for all seasons. Take this morning, for example. A damp, dreary, driech morning with that wet-chill-you-to-the-bone feeling in the air. Basically, it's not nice. And yet from across the Meadows I can see runners running, excited cocker spaniels chasing balls, the British Military Fitness folk warming down after their Sunday session and strolling across to Victor Hugo's for a bacon roll, and as it's the start of Spring, hear a whole chorus of birds (many blackbirds?) tweeting their wee hearts out. And whilst, yes, the peak of summer when it is strewn with every local within a few mile radius, smells of BBQs wafting over the lawns, impromptu pop-up bands complete with drummers and double bass, Peter's Yard pizzas to take-away being munched, is perhaps one of the happiest seasons - for me, walking across the Meadows at 6.30am on my way to a yoga class when the sun is rising and the harr has covered the grass in the eeriest of ways, that is equally inspiring.Basically, to cut to the chase, it's a giant park but so much more than a park that seems to have its own centre of gravity, pulling in all locals from across Old Town to it for their outdoorsy needs.With the kids playpark, tennis courts, zig zagging path ways, and ample space it attracts all sorts. Linking Bruntsfield to Marchmont to Quartermile and Bristo it is perhaps one of my favourite things in Edinburgh.
5	I thought that after our epic BBQ in the sun last night, it was about time i reviewed my front garden! Since moving in with Jenny L i now wake up to the stunning view that is the meadows every day. So naturally, as we are experiencing a tremendous heatwave in Edinburgh it was obvious that we should have a BBQ. We spread the word on Facebook and Twitter (next time i will mention on here of course) and a random bunch of friends met up in the meadows straight after work.The second the sun appears, a festival atmosphere descends, everyone is happy and smiling. Everyone bought along food, predominantly sausages and marshmallows, and an array of drinks, sadly no Pimms though. We were even blessed by a bonfire to warm us up as the sun went down (ok, it was actually a motorbike on fire but it had the same effect).So this extravaganza was not a one off, listen out for the next BBQ coming soon, or when the sun reappears anyway! Note to self for next time: bring more clothes and Pimms!
5	Living on the doorstep of the Meadows is fantastic! This leafy blossom filled park on the southside of the city attracts people from all walks of life and is definately best enhoyed in sunshine! The introduction of a Sainsbury's local means that the Meadows becomes awash with their signature orange bags as everyone has stocked up on chilled drinks, picnics and is now regularly followed by the smell and sight of BBQ smoke! It never ceases to amaze me the number of people that flock to the Meadows in the sunshine.. My funniest memory from last year was a group having a BBQ - nothing unusual about that I hear you say - true but this lot had dragged a settee, armchair and coffee table with them... was like watching a series of 'Friends'! lolKeep an eye out during the early summer months for students and would be street performers practising their juggling or tightrope (yes they tie bands around the trees) skills... or games of touch rugby, cricket and not to forget the mad men n women who pay to be shouted at by the British Military Fitness guys every other day! For those with young families the childrens playpark is superb and equiped for all age groups but be warned if the sun is out (or even just a dry day) at the weekend then you better get there early as it has to be the busiest playpark in Edinburgh!
5	Great place to walk, run and play. Very pretty when the flowers are in bloom or in snow, a great big green space in the centre of the city. I live right by the meadows, in Newington, so this is where I have my evening run (there's always a lot of joggers until quite late).
5	This has to be my favorite park in Edinburgh. I know... there are a few in New Town that are just stellar, but The Meadows is home. On a warm day you'll find thousands of people sprawled across the green sod eating, drinking, singing, dancing, playing, chatting, sleeping. It's amazing. Why though?Well, there is ample room to play sport for starters. You'll find football, rugby, cricket, frisbee, quidditch, tight rope walking and much more being played.The views. Few parks give you the impressive mix of new and old architecture whilst taking in the beautiful presence of Arthur's Seat in the distance. Run much? The Meadows is a great place to knock out a short, flat run in Edinburgh. Flat ground is difficult to find in this city. The lack of a running track anywhere near city centre is made up for by The Meadows loop. Interested in mile repeats? Head towards the long green buildings in the middle of the meadows. On the left, there is a path with a sign. The sign depicts a 1-mile loop using The Meadow paths. Okay, we know The Meadows is great. The only hassle is locating your friends right? No worries! As I and all my new mates were new to the city, we found it really difficult to find each other is this massive field. Google to the rescue. A smart lad put this fantastic Meadows Map together. Enjoy. http://www.burntfen.net/comic/comics/087.png
4	Not many cities in the world have such a huge green public space in their city centre.  As it says on the tin, the Meadows are a huge piece of grass.  Originally a loch (I won't bore you with historical details), this area at the edge of the old town is now the place for all sorts of sports and other recreational outdoors activities as soon as the sun shines a little bit and the ground is not too soaked.  In the Meadows on a fine Sunday afternoon you will find cricket players on the cricket ground, various football games, touch rugby, volley-ball, badminton, frisbee, juggling, walking on a rubber band between 2 trees (no ideas how that's called).  Apart from all those physical activities, you will find people sitting quietly with a book or their mp3 player, people sunbathing, and mainly, people barbecuing.  Barbecuing seems to be the favourite activity in Edinburgh as soon as the sun shines and the Meadows are now equipped with a number of barbecue slabs so the grass doesn't burn. So, on a (rare) hot summer, the Meadows are 'smokey'!And you are, like me, lucky enough to live near the Meadows, then you have a fabulous front garden.One last thing, the Meadows are at their best when the cherry blossom trees are in full bloom Well, in my opinion ;-)  I'm only putting 4 stars because I would like more trees.  I love trees!
4	Running here to there...Must stop on a lovely day,Good place to unwind.
4	Four stars says I'm a fan - who am I to argue with the Yelp algorithm? The Meadows is a hard working park of many years standing, if it was a TV personality it would likely be David Attenborough. This park has pretty much seen it all: rugby games, festivals, The Ladyboys of Bangkok, cricket games in the evening sunshine and many a barbecue. It was also the epicentre of Edinburgh's 'Make Poverty History' march, when coaches from around these isles lined up around Melville Drive in July 2005 to deliver the thousands of marchers.It's a knowledgable park too, worldly wise. In a previous life it was the landing spot for emergency cases for the old Royal Infirmary - helicopters landing at all hours from the north sea and elsewhere. You'll still spot ambulances flying (metaphorically) round to the Sick Kids Hospital on its southern edge.Not many patches of grass (and all too often mud) will have a 'friends' society courtesy of the local residents. That may say more about the residents that it does about the park, but it also signifies what this space means to south central EH. Don't forget the suburbs of Marchmont were built for the Victorian middle classes, hence the lack of pubs. There aren't that many social spaces round these parts, which I think gives The Meadows a very important role in the social narrative of generations of folk.And then there's the spring flowers. And the blossom. Just glorious.
4	ah the meadows, what is there to be said about this lovely green space in the middle of edinburgh that hasn't been said already?  it's a central location for meeting up for many citizens of edinburgh.  you'll see families at the play park, students lounging in the grass gossiping and studying, runners doing laps around the outside, and dogs running about in front of their owners enjoying the freedom of the large park with loads of sticks to pick up and play with.this is an ideal space for so many reasons.  there are a number of well maintained paved pathways going around and through the green space, there is a playground, there are tennis courts, it connects marchmont with bruntsfield via the links, and it's big enough that everyone can enjoy it without feeling crowded.  i used to cut through the meadows as a student on my way to classes and just recently i had a really lovely run round the outside with some other yelpers.  i've never had the pleasure of enjoying a BBQ on one of those rare warm and sunny days we have, but i do look forward to doing that in the future.  it's also a great place for festive venues, although i've been told that there won't be any shows on here this year.  i've been told that due to the very wet weather the grounds haven't been able to drain and dry off which means that the meadows is sinking a bit.  so if i heard correctly, the plan will be to dig up the damaged parts and let this dry properly before relaying the grass.  it's definitely nice to see that this green space is so well maintained and cared for so that many more generations can enjoy it in the future.
5	This is the place to come and experience Edinburgh's seasons:Autumn: brown, yellow, orange, piles of colourful leaves which glimmer in the weakening Autumnal sun. Children in wellies, running through said piles of leaves. Families determined to enjoy the last remaining warmth of the year.Winter: everywhere else the snow has melted, here the grass is not to be seen, it is disguised as a white blanket. There are footsteps, people are creating snow angels, snow men. The trees are bare. The joggers are not put off by the cold, they keep going anyway. There is a sun, yet it provides little warmth, instead a crisp and bitter cold which numbs your fingers. When there is no snow, this is relatively deserted, people only cross it to get somewhere else.Spring: You know it's Spring when you feel like you're not going to die of pneumonia without that winter coat. It's sunny, the sun is still low in the sky, yet everyone is out and about. People are playing tennis, rugby, the Morningside mums are out with their prams, a old German sheep dog just dragged a table and some chairs all the way down the from the quater mile, a Business man leaped up in the air to avoid being run over. People are attempting to do summery things, picnics are being carried out, though all participants look like they are doing it because someone put a gun to their head. The most noticeable thing? The meadows are covered in colourful Spring flowers, yellow and purple are the most striking. People seem genuinely relieved that the days are getting longer.Summer: End of the exams, the start of the holiday season: hope, energy, a love of life. These are all to be found around the meadows at this time of year. The play park is in full working action, children and young adults alike use the swings, roundabouts and precarious looking see-sore. Some queue up with their parents outside the ice cream van to get mr Whippys or candyfloss. If people are not playing sports, they are having BBQs. There is a lot of smoke and that familiar smell of sizzling food. The weather doesn't often get this good, so people show off their summer dresses and pretty sandals as best they can.To top if all off, you have a view of the castle on one side, Arthur's seat on another. The University touches one part, and the wonderful areas of Newington, Bruntsfield, Tolcross and Marchmont surround the rest.
5	I love this place! When moving flats I wanted to make sure I was still relatively near the meadows, that's how much I like it. I use it at all times of the year for running, exercise classes, BBQs or for just chilling and reading a book (when it's sunny of course). I love the way as soon as the sun is out the meadows becomes full of people playing sports, having BBQs, picnics or just walking around. What I don't like is when people don't bother to clean their rubbish up after them, which I think is a real shame and lack of respect for the space. Also when people don't clean up after their dogs which is especially annoying for me as the exercise class I go to is in the dark at winter time and so we can't see where we are landing when we have to do ground exercises. I wouldn't dock a star for this though as this is to do with people and for the most part people respect the park.It's a great space to have in the city and there's so much variety of what happens there.
5	I was lucky to stay in a b&b in the southern side of the city. Every day I had the pleasure to cross this wonderful place to reach the city centre. It's so green and open and relaxing. The perfect playground for almost every sport and/or outdoor activity.It's healthy, joyful, nice, essential, useful. A perfect place to keep in mind as one of the best memories of my vacation in Edimburgh.
5	Why not spend the weekend discovering new things, this is what I did recently for The Meadows Festival. It gave me a big happy Friday feeling to wonder through the meadows but on a Saturday. This being a prelude to festival time in the capital, in which majastically the whole city transforms into a totally different, yet intriguing place?What did you see? I hear you ask, well I'll tell you but it would be much better if you had experienced it for yourself? Oh ok then; a snippet if you like. An ensemble of sports, celebrities, fun-fairs, dogs, music singing, rain, singing in the rain, buskers, or if your a foodie (not beans out of a can) then things for all to do. Sometimes out of respect for the people of Edinburgh the sun does come out, as it did at the weekend! Mostly its a freebie, hosted by the wonderful folks in the local community, volunteers, and a few others; that make the Meadows Festival so much better...I know! If you look on a map for the location, it's in a big tree lined grassy field based South of city centre. Unfortunately there are no outlets for games consoles, so please leave them at home and be prepared to participate and enjoy some non electrical activity such as football, rugby, golf, cricket, jogging, skating to name a few sports that occur here.Not a lot of people know that while walking the surface of the meadows, it is really a site of burials from the time of the black death. If you spot some green mounds then these are the burial sites of plague victims. The Burgh Muir as it was previously known was a mass of Oak trees, and from 15th to 17th centuries was used to isolate carriers of the epidemic. But its alright - it was a long time ago, and I don't think they'll hear you...or will they? Generally you get a whiff of a BBQ, if your on foot or cycling and on sunny days mostly the whitey/blue people of the city sit out and bake till their skin turns a very red Lobster colour before going a nice shade of Mahogany.  But above all the bench mark is that the Meadows Festival is nearly 40 years strong...it's that popular. So from filthiest city in Europe in 18th century to friendliest in the 21st...oh how times change as place!
4	Sit in the wind and rain and pray for sun. Cycle through and avoid the traffic. Five-a-side in the rain. All this. More.
4	Living and Breathing from the other side of town, Inverleith park is my usual spot for a quiet spot to read or walk, but watch out Inverleith Park, the Meadows is coming to get ya!This is the main lung of our fair city and oh what a breath of fresh air it is. Approach the park from George the fourth bridge and you'll find a host of street performers, ice cream and hot dog sellers to some delicious eateries like Neals Yard.The park is filled with families, students and young and old folk sitting in groups enjoying each others company, so find a spot and plonk yourself down on the green.There are several paths through the park which makes for a splendid jog and there's a kids play park where you can abandon the little ones for an hour or two. Don't really abandon them though, I don't think that's allowed.Oh and are you a dog lover? Theres pooches aplenty here. I've taken my cocker a long a few times, and I've always found the other dogs to play nice! So for me, even though it's a double bus ride or a 30 minute walk, I'm gonna move this one up and Inverleith down in my park rank. Who's up for beers and a BBQ!?
4	Lovely big open green space.It gets quite sticky with people on a hot summers day!
5	Whether you're a visitor to the city or a real Edinburgher The Meadows is a must. Vast open spaces lined with lush trees, a fabulous kiddies playground, tennis courts and decent toilet facilities...you can't really ask for more. There are also a number of cafes and pubs in the vicinity should it rain. I love the fact that throughout the majority of the year there are various events, tents and fairground attractions to enjoy. A group of us were here for a picnic recently and it appeared that we had the same idea as half of Edinburgh! Whilst busy there was plenty of space and the grassy areas are so well kept you don't even have to spend half the afternoon seeking out a decent place to lay your blanket down. The fact that we have this in the centre of Edinburgh makes it even better as you're so close to whatever is going on in the rest of the city, especially in August! A great place to go if you have kids and buggies :) Tip top!
5	I love the Meadows, it's one of my fav green spaces in Ed and I'm really lucky that I can pop down here on a lunchtime when I need a breath of fresh air to clear my head/blow away the cobwebs.Fantastic views over to Arthurs Seat, it's a great space in all seasons. Whether it's walking/jogging/running/inline skating or chilling on the grass/benches. But my favourite is Spring when the blossom is in full bloom and it makes you feel glad to be alive. I love that there's a measured mile if you want to know your distance whilst running/jogging. The tennis courts are well maintained, the playpark has some cool toys that I wouldn't mind having a go on, I just need to borrow some kids so I don't look like a weirdo...BBQ's and impromptu picnics with friends.  There's the deli on the other side and the shops at Quartermile, all handy for getting something to eat/drink.  Lots of Festivals and shows during the Festival can play havoc with the grassy areas but it's a well used community space and if Edinburgh was a person, the Meadows could easily be her heart and lungs.
4	I love The Meadows, it's so beautiful but in a completely different way to how the Bruntsfield Links is beautiful. It's big, it's green, there is always something going on and there is loads of space to just plonk down with a book and watch the day unfold.I've only spent one day here during my entire time in Edinburgh and I loved it. The idea that there is somewhere like The Meadows that is so big yet so peaceful (at least as peaceful as it can be being so close to city centre) is a completely new concept to definitely one that I'm a fan of.I'm excited for this summer to get a barbecue, some cider and some friends and just spending the day here chilling out.
4	The Meadows offers a lot of different experiences in one park! There are loads of events throughout the year and is a great place to hang out and BBQ. There are families, students, and loads of people doing sports. Recently I've discovered the play park. Wow, what a huge, fun play park. What's really cool about this play park is how it's different sections are geared towards children's different ages. You have the toddler sand area with smaller more toddler friendly things to do and some toddler swings right behind it. Even though there are different sections, my toddler was very happy to explore the different areas and just walking around mingling with the other kids. This park has a lot to offer and it's a fun place for everyone.
5	Granted, it's a park but it's a great park.There's a whole Mario/Luigi/other Nintendo characters map thing that makes it easy to figure out where you're supposed to meet people but I don't really know if anyone uses that beyond sports teams trying to practice together.It's a nice place for a run, if that's your thing, and there's a playground that kids AND adults will enjoy. Trust me on that one.
5	The best park ever!!!!!I've had so many great times here in the Sun. On my own and with friends. Sun bathing, reading, meeting friends, barbecue, volly ball and its also great for yoga and running :D !!!!
5	The most enjoyable moment in Edinburgh: on a Saturday afternoon, the rain stopped and sunshine appeared, you walk through the meadows seeing that young people were playing tennis and jogging, parents with their kids were playing, grannies just sat on the bench enjoying the sunshine. Everything was peaceful.
4	I am great fan of large open spaces and the Meadows fits that bill. Summer softbal practice? Check! Barbeque with friends? Check. Jogging? Check! Dog friendly? Great for families? School trips? Triple check!There are times that they host a circus or a foodie festival and charity events. This place has it all and it is so easy to get to as many buses from the City come close. Though it is only a 15 -20 min walk from Princes Street. This park is good for every season, but I prefer a good picnic in the summer.
