5	We had never experienced hiring moving company before. We usually rent a truck ourselves and search near and far for friends and family that will help us. I am so glad that we found Denali Moving. They were very professional and I felt like my belongings were in good hands. They took all the stress out of the loading and unloading. If and when we need to move again we will be using Denali Moving.
5	I highly recommend this company. Luis and his crew provided me a great service. I moved locally from one side of town to another. I was amazed on how they moved my baby grand piano. They packed and moved all my stuff In only two days. They even took the furniture I didn't need and disposed of it for me. I couldn't be happier and that's why they r moving my son next! Thank you Denali Moving, great job!!
5	I was in need of moving services and one of my friends recommended Denali.  The owner was professional and completed the job sooner than he estimated.  The price and service was excellent.  I had zero damage after they finished unloading. I would definitely use them again!
5	I was recommended to Denali Moving by a friend.. They told me that if I needed movers these guys were the way to go.   Well, they were right! These dudes were really good! They were on time, incredibly fast and efficient.. Their system was very cool.. Joe the lead mover broke down the entire process for me and let me know exactly what was gonna happen and how he was gonna attack the move. He and his partner Rick made it easy for me. Next time I move Denali is my only choice..... ;-)
5	I'd like to share our experience with Denali moving it has been a complete piece of mind knowing that my home goods were in the care of such meticulous movers!the owner was very helpful with accomplishing our long cross country move . The employees were very professional when picking up and at the delivery .When we discovered that the moving company offered services to ship our car we figured that would be the way to go without a doubt and we're so glad we not only saved putting the miles on our car but we saved a bunch of money in what would have been fuel costs. Last but not least our vehicle was delivered right to our house. I am more than satisfied with the service that I received. Not only would I use their services again but if anyone I know is moving I always recommend their services to my loved ones and friends.Thanks again for a job well done-Jessica
5	First I would like to say I have moved many times in my entire life. The last time I moved myself I swore that I would pay somebody to move me because I was so burnt out from doing it. So the fact that move again I decided this time I would invest the movers I called a couple companies and I decided to go with Denali moving.  After getting some options through Denali I decided to have them pack and move me. The pack took only one day and then they were able to move me the following day.   I was really concerned with the moving aspect due to the fact I have a lot of high-end furniture but the movers took incredible care of my furniture I didn't have one item get left behind or broken. Compared to the price that I got from other moving companies they were extremely competitive and very accurate on their rates no hidden fees nothing like that. I'm hoping I don't have to move for another couple years but if I have to I'll definitely be using Denali movers again!!  Thanks again guys you guys are definite blessing!!!
5	The best service!! I hired Denali Moving to move me from Las Vegas NV to the Orange County CA. The entire move was great. The movers were very experienced. I was worried that all my stuff wouldn't fit in one truck but to my pleasant surprise they were able to fit everything in without a problem..The movers were very fast and professional. Their attitudes were awesome. A big thank you to the entire Denali Staff. From the scheduling of the move to the move itself I was very satisfied. Great job guys!!
5	First of all, moving is one thing I don't like doing at all. So when I had to move suddenly, I was not happy until a friend told me about Denali moving and how they made his move so easy and comfortable.  Luis and his crew were very professional and hard working.  They were able to finish extremely quick with no damage to my property.  If I ever have to move again,  I will definitely call Denali moving to move me once again.  Thanks again guys for the great moving experience.
5	Really great moving company. With these guys - what you see is what you get. They won't nickel and dime their customers or charge them for petty things. They also include drive time in the overall charge so that's a huge plus! Really good people. I plan on using them again next month when I move.
5	These movers showed up on time and moved our stuff carefully and efficiently at a reasonable price navigating very tight quarters without any damage to our walls, floors, or railings. We will hire them again when we need our things moved.
5	My husband and I have used Denali movers several times. They are always prompt, courteous, and professional. Scheduling the move is always smooth and they will always work with you to find the best time and amount of movers that you need. The movers are always very nice, professional and personable. Even after a very long day of moving, they have great attitudes. I have a 42 year old china cabinet that they always treat very delicately. I will never use any other movers.
5	A friend of mine recommended Denali Moving to me after a company I used in the past was unable to fit me into their schedule.  Even with such short notice and the holiday weekend they were able to fit me in and offer a great competitive price.  They showed up on time, always a plus, they were professional and got the job done quickly.  It was a great experience, would recommend them in the future.
