5	Spinning.  Hardcore.  That about sums it up.  Give it a try if you want a workout that will totally kick your ass and leave you crying.
1	This place might well be cited for disturbing the peace. On week-end mornings one can often hear the throbbing bass beat inside of other nearby businesses and even out in the parking lot.  The ambience reminds me of a low-rider with one of those souped-up stereos that you can feel coming down the road long before you can hear it. Seems like I've been front and center at punk rock shows that had less prominent bass lines than this place has on Sunday mornings.
4	Only place where you can spin. Except for the horrible class they have at 4pm on Saturdays
5	I love studio 360!! It is an Arcadia institution. If you live in Arcadia and you have not been here...that's fine because I don't want you taking my bike, but you really are missing out! If you like working out in a group without feeling like everyone is staring at you this is perfect because it's dark (with the exception of the occasional black light). Spinning at 360 is group exercise but like yoga it is individual with a sense of group support. It is drop saddle style, so you stand the entire class, which I actually find easier than the alternative. It's good for people who enjoy dance as well, it is very rhythmic. Best work out I have ever had, but you don't have to be a work out freak to enjoy 360. The instructors are great. If you are new to it I suggest Tues night with Denise. Always show up at least 15 minutes early to get a spot and learn how to ride. Their motto is "to see the light you have to ride like hell in the dark" :) Enjoy!
5	Studio 360 is a gem to say the least and for quite a few reasons: student pricing, cycling shoes available for anyone who has yet to invest in their own pair, incredibly encouraging/talented/kind/inspiring instructors, phenomenal music, new bikes, and it's all in the dark which adds a whole new slew of pluses! Even though it's a group class, it in no way resembles others I've participated in. The darkness allows you to focus on your individual experience and forget about how much you're sweating, how red you've become and how much better others may be.  There's nothing like a spin class at Studio 360, an hour of physically strenuous cardio never flew by so quickly and felt so dang good! This is active meditation; a totally elating, calorie-burning, cardiovascular adventure!
5	Wow!!! I just took a spinning class from Ty and it was great! I had a knee replacement 10 years ago and have not been able to run since. I have done other cardio workouts but nothing compared to running. This class gave me that 'runner's high' I so enjoy. Ty is a sweetheart and very motivating. She uses a terrific mix of music too.
4	As I'm writing this review I'm already thinking about what kind of pain tomorrow's class is going to bring me.  I was suckered into trying Studio 360 with a special $20 for 2 weeks offer, and one 'runner's high' later, i was hooked.This is not your mom's spin class. In fact, I thought it was absolutely normal not to sit down until I talked to friends who did spin elsewhere and asked me why I wasn't investing in padded shorts (now I have enough padding on the backside, so that wouldn't be a problem)  I liken the feeling of spinning at Studio 360 to being on an elliptical or running, and while you're definitely riding a bike, you aren't putting the same kind of pressure on your knees if your form is correct.All the instructors at Studio 360 are great, but each person is sure to have their favorite. They all bring a great intensity to each work-out and once you've been to a few classes, the style is pretty similar. You'll jog, run, walk, climb, and work your upper body -- all multiple times in each class.Make sure you let the instructor know if you're new so they can help you get shoes, set up on your bike, and show you the proper form. They're happy to help, but once the ride starts, the lights go out, the music comes on, and then you're on your ownIf you don't like riding in the dark with loud (they have optional ear plugs) music, this may not be the place for you. But if you're looking for a workout where you feel the camaraderie of the group no matter who is there, this is the place for you.As I tell my friends about Spin -- it's the one workout where you simply can't let yourself 'give up'....because once you clip your shoes in, you're not getting out until the class is over
3	If I could separate the Yoga Studio 360 and the Spinning 360, here is how my Rating would look:Yoga 360: Four Stars - I am brand new at Yoga, but I've always wanted to try it for the workout and to strengthen my weak neck and back.  I've been every Tuesday for the past three weeks and it's been amazing every time.  Dana is great and she really helped me my first day to get my bearings. Literally yesterday I convinced myself to get a membership to this club because of their Yoga... until I went to today's Spin ClassSpinning 360: 1 Star - On their website, it makes new riders feel very welcome.  Again, I am brand new to spinning.  They suggested to come early, get set up with free shoes and they'll "introduce you" to the bike.  So today I got there 15 minutes early and was excited when I saw 10-15 people milling around, chatting and laughing like a group of friends.  Unfortunately the girl behind the counter did not acknowledge my existence for literally 10 minutes.  It was becoming comically frustrating.  By the time she got me signed in and a pair of shoes the class had started.  Trying to clip into a bike when you've never done it before with all of the lights out and music thumping is impossible... so I walked out.  It was embarassing and a waste of time.  I'm sure this isn't how it is always, but unfortunately my month ends soon, so I / they won't have a second chance.I'll finish out my month of Yoga classes next week and instead of signing up for another month... I'll find a different studio.
3	This review is for the yoga studio only.  Tried it for the first time yesterday.  Bought a living social deal to give this place a try.  Its a small studio, very conveniently located.  We had a full class, but still room to move comfortably.    The routine and instructor was pretty average.  I really liked her style, but it was nothing really unique from what I've experienced in the past.  Redundant movements and not too much usage of different poses.  I would say this is a great class for beginning to intermediate yogi's, but for experienced folks....it may not be advanced or challenging enough.  Additionally, the room was not close to being hot enough.  They have several space heaters, but she didn't use them.  Probably because it was 100+ degrees outside and a full class.  I still broke a pretty good sweat, but I like to be soaking wet when I leave a hot yoga class which I was not. All in all, it is a cute little place and instructor was super friendly.  Very inviting for folks who are new to the practice.  I am hoping the next time I go they decide to amp up the heat!!
4	I went to Studio 360 for the second time last week and ironically enough, the instructor had read my Yelp review and remembered that I liked it hotter.  This was a different instructor than the first one I had (sorry can't remember eithers names), but she was so nice and accomodating.  She suggested I move to the far right side of room, where there was a space heater set up so I got the extra heat.  Burned up a great sweat and was super happy :)I really appreciated the fact that Studio took my comments to heart.  This instructor was also slightly more fast paced, which I enjoyed.
4	Very few spinning classes in Phoenix so limited of where you go. But as far as decent bikes, good instructors and great sound system, 360 will give you a workout, your legs moving and your heart beat way up. The yoga is in a separate part of the building and is very small space.
5	I stumbled on this studio through Living Social and I'm so glad I did.  It's a small studio with only one room but it's really the perfect size for me. Although I typically look to yoga for the mental practice as much as the physical, this is more PHYSICAL than I realized I could do.  The classes in the A.M. have the same poses and flows daily but it does NOT make it easier.  It increases my heart rate and has me pouring in sweat and sore the next day but it's not too much that it should scare off any other newbies like myself.  I'm absolutely addicted and really dig the instructors.  I will say I liked the studio the first week I went prior to the new decorating. Although the mural in the studio is lovely it just had a very modern and clean feeling before. I also liked it without the curtains.  Either way, it makes zero difference, the classes are great!
4	If you only have an hour to spare and want to burn some serious calories, you should check out a spin class. Just come prepared knowing this isn't your average gym environment and those sweatpants don't exactly fit in with the trendy Arcadia vibe.Things you should know before your first visit:1. Bring water and a towel2. Come early to get a spot3. The only type of shoes you can wear at this studio are the spinning/clip-in kind. They have plenty for you to borrow, but research your shoe size online first. It takes practice clipping in, but it's doable.4. Be ready to stand on your bike for the entire time. 5. It's a dark ride, so nobody's going to be looking at you. Don't be afraid you'll be judged as a newbie.6. It is fun and you'll be glad you came.
4	I was always afraid to do spin classes, but I went here and fell in love with it.  The people were really nice, I love that the rooms are pitch black with black lights and loud blasting music.  And the instructors I usually get, I like their taste of songs they put on.  It's like a little party where you just happen to get fit as you go.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 starts is because I was quoted by phone one price, and when I went in they wouldn't honor the price they told me by phone.  Although they still gave a discount for being a student, it was still the fact I was blind sided when I got there by the higher price.
4	Love spinning here! It's always a hard workout and I've only been to the beginner classes - can't imagine what the advanced ones are like.The Mon and Wed evening teachers are great and play fun music. After a crazy day at work, this is the perfect outlet and a great way to clear your mind.The only other spin class I've done were at LA Fitness - these are 100x better. It's intense, you never sit down, black lights and fun music and everyone is super nice and helpful.I've been coming here for more than a year and would recommend it to anyone!
5	I am taking my 3rd class tonight and I LOVE it!  When the hour long spin class is done you will wonder how it went by so fast.  The music is loud and the lights are off or dimmed most of the time which for me really takes your mind off the cardio and the burn and keeps you motivated.-Come Early (15 minutes)-Bring water -Bring a small towel-Don't have shoes? You can borrow!-Prepare for an amazing workout and a lot of fun!If you haven't done spinning before don't worry, I did my first class with at beginner and she was fine.  Just make sure you tell the front desk person that you are new and they will take great care of you!
5	I've been to both Yoga and Spin classes at this studio and really each of them.  I'll break them down...Yoga:  I have been to almost every yoga studio and town and 360 is definitely one of my favorites.  It has a great, open vibe to it and the teachers are fantastic.  I've been to 4 or 5 different instructors and they are all really good (Lonnie and Ana are my favorite).  I get a good workout - and feel totally energized after.  I started going to 360 a few months ago and my yoga was very beginner and I was pretty rusty.  But I felt totally comfortable in every class going at my own pace.  They've got a lot of different types of classes and a pretty decent schedule.  Try them out!Spin:  The spin classes were a little overwhelming for me at first.  They ride drop saddle (meaning you are standing the whole time) - so that was hard for me to get used to.  But, after I went to a few classes I got the hang of it and was able to get an amazing workout.  Definitely makes you sweat!  Finding a teacher who plays good music is key because it makes the class fly by (Cinnaree and Laura are awesome).  I ended up buying my own spin shoes, but they have ones you can borrow at first which I thought was nice.  Plus, both types of classes are really reasonably priced compared to other local studios - not easy to find.
5	I love Studio 360.  50 mins to an hour of pure cardio with fun music and black lights!  I'm not going to lie.  Not every single class is amazing, but most of them are if you are ready to work hard and have fun.  The instructors take song requests which I think is great because it motivates you to go to class if you know your request will be played and it makes the class even more enjoyable when you're jamming out.  I've been to other spin classes and have found nothing like Studio 360.  They ride drop saddle so there are is no sitting down on your seat except between songs for water breaks.  I've looked around at other fitness studios and this place offers the lowest rates for a great class.  Highly recommend.
1	I'll preface this review by saying this is the first Yelp review I have ever written. I've thought about writing a review before, after a fantastic meal, a so-so gym, etc. etc. but I've never been so compelled as I am right now to give feedback about my experience with this studio. And one more thing - I work in the health industry, in a job that is very much customer service-oriented, and I genuinely am not writing this for the purpose of bashing a well-intended small business. I am also a pretty serious recreational mountain biker (point being, I'm more than comfortable and well versed with the right way to ride a bike). I do hope this review serves as constructive-criticism, which is why I've also emailed the studio this exact feedback. I had arrived with a half full stainless steel water bottle and asked if there was anywhere I could fill it up. (I try not to drink water of out plastic bottles, for both health and environmental reasons.) I was told by the employee at the front desk that, no, there was not but I could purchase water. Really? I've been to A LOT of fitness centers, from big-box gyms to small boutique-style studios, and I have never NOT been able to fill up a reusable water bottle. (I tried from the bathroom too, but faucet wasn't high enough). My primary complaints with the class itself include the following: -Standing up on the bike the entire 60 min. just doesn't make biomechanical sense. Don't get me wrong, coming in and out of the saddle throughout a spin class can be a great way to add some variety, intensity, and fun to the workout. Standing up though is more quad-dominant and neglects the "pull" movement of the hamstrings compared to sitting. Why would a studio have classes that ONLY has riders standing for every class, all class? Recipe. For. Injury. -Spin classes are upbeat. The music blasts. It gets loud. I get that, I dig that... that's why I choose to pay to attend one, rather than working out on a stationary bike on my own. The problem was that I couldn't hear a SINGLE word the instructor was saying the ENTIRE class. Perhaps the mic wasn't turned up enough or something but I honestly could not figure out what she was saying, the few times she was saying something. I actually started doing my own intervals about half way through because I was so frustrated. -Intervals or what? Granted I couldn't hear what the teacher was saying, but from what I gathered we were performing 1 minute intervals with 30 seconds recovery time in between. Intervals are awesome, here's why: you work at a higher intensity during the work time and a lower intensity during the rest time. Your heart rate gets higher for a short term and then recovers and a result, you train all of your body's energy systems, rather than just aerobic. Your resting metabolic rate also stays elevated for much longer after higher intensity intervals. With that said, we weren't doing intervals. The teacher was encouraging riders to only use the recovery time if they needed it. If you don't need recovery time, you're not doing intervals. You NEED recovery time to do intervals, otherwise you're simply working at a steady state the whole time.... which is what the class was.-Music came to a complete stop between songs. I've taught group exercise classes before. It never goes perfectly, I totally get that. But to completely stop the music between every single song before finding the next one to play? Come on. -Lack of instruction. When you pay to participate in a group exercise class, spin classes included, you are paying for the instruction of the teacher, the subject-matter expert. Not all teachers have the same style of instruction (which is great), but they all should have SOME form of instruction. On a spin bike, this should include cuing body position on the bike - for example, reminding riders to keep their cores engaged, their shoulders relaxed, arm/hand position, proper breathing,  etc. Cues like these are especially important in order for the rider to get the most out of their workout, but perhaps more importantly, to stay free from injuries on and off a bike. The instructor last night gave absolutely ZERO body position instruction. -Encouraging riders to sway from side to side on a stationary bike is ridiculous. In fact, it's probably the #1 piece of advice that any responsible exercise professional would warn against. How about teaching the riders how to properly engage their core muscles for functional strength, rather than show them how exert energy through their lower extremities without ANY core stability? With all of this said, you will sweat in this class. But just because you leave with a drenched shirt and tired legs doesn't mean that what you're doing to your body is, in the long-run, healthy. This could be a GREAT little spin studio if they took the value of sound instruction a bit more seriously and started teaching the riders who are paying money to come to class how to ride a bike.
5	I stumbled across this class by accident. I had done spinning at home in the UK and had tried an LA Fitness class here in Phoenix which was ... ok. I came to Studio 360 and couldn't believe I didn't collapse in a crumpled heap on the floor. Somehow I kept going to the end of the class. It was HARD. I was completely addicted.I have since been going for probably about 6 months. In that time my father in the UK has been diagnosed with a terminal brain tumor and I really can be honest in saying that going to this class 2/3 times a week is the only time when I have 60 minute periods in which I don't feel like I'm crippled with fear and dread about what is happening at home. Oh, and I've dropped 2 dress sizes. It would probably be more, but I REALLY like wine (I'm European. We drink. Too much.) So what my boyfriend affectionately refers to as my "wine pouch" reamins. But I have abs underneath. Most importantly - for 60 minutes of the day I feel like a champion.Thank you Studio 360.
5	Best spin class I've ever taken. Been going here 3 years now and it just gets better!
5	I have a been an athlete my whole life and I was even a runner for awhile but with the way I was dreading running these days I thought I'd try something new. It was my first spin class and I was pretty anxious because I had no idea what to expect.As soon as I walked in I was put at ease. The employees were extremely friendly and welcoming. They got me some shoes to borrow, they showed me what to expect and how things were done. They even helped me clip into the bike. The class was all girls that night so I really felt this sense of unity or dare I say girl power. Everyone was friendly and supportive. I think I can even make friends here to hang out with socially. The class was fun and challenging. It was like working out in a dance club. I loved it. I bought a card to come back for more classes and the prices are better than their competitors. They also have times that fit my schedule much better than other spin classes around town.The only downside was how sore I was after my first class, but that's to be expected so it's really not a downside after all. I am a cheerleader for Spin 360. I back it.
5	OK, full disclosure, this was my first "spin" class. I'm usually seen on a road bike, and in daylight. The class amazing, the music perfect, attitude great and the work out..fantastic! I will be going back. It was a little difficult to get the 'moves' down that are particular to this studio, but I was told everyone goes through it. Simply put, it was the most fun I've had doing a workout. =)  Good job!
5	This studio was awesome.  This was the first time I've ever ridden in the dark.  Cycling doesn't seem intense, but it is!  The music was really good and I had a lot of fun. The only thing I like better at corebalance was that you can wear your own tennis shoes and don't need to pay for special shoes.
5	I decided to take the plunge and finally try a spinning class.   Glad that it was here, a perfect environment to feel like a newbie. (The spin studio is dark, really dark.  Arrive with plenty of time to find a bike and to adjust it for your frame & body.)  I was greeted at 8:45am by the instructor and spinning phenom, Samantha.  She played great music and inspired everyone to push harder.She would turn up the music occasionally when the black light was on, it became also trance or rave- like.After visiting a few more spin classes at the Village on Camelback, I learned that Studio 360 is a stand-up studio (they rarely sit down when riding.)  After more spin practice, I will return and see if I can ride standing up the whole time.Sorry that I missed out on the Yoga Studio 360, that segment of the business ended a few months ago.
4	This place is pretty cool.I have never done a spin class before and recently came here at a friend's suggestion.  We all met up and signed the required paperwork, paid the fee and had a little time to stretch before the session got started.It was definitely different but also fun.  Very challenging, especially for a newbie but the instructor was good and it was a dark ride so I did not feel as awkward being new.  Every so often black lights turn on as the instructor amps the class up which is a fun touch.  The music is pretty decent as well.  I definitely got a workout in that is for sure.  The only thing I wasn't as much of a fan of was the fact that you have to clip in to the bikes.  They have shoes there for you to wear which is fine, but I am not used to riding and being clipped in was a little weird while trying to figure out what was going on in the class.  Outside of that, I had a great time.  I would come back more often but it is not really close to my house.  More than likely I will come back here and there to see where I measure up on the fitness scale as far as cycling.  If you like spin classes this is a cool variation to try out.
4	I needed some fitness and 360Spin fit the bill. I'm a beginner/novice and was made to feel at home.The class was the perfect challenge for any experience level.This was the first time I've ever used " clip in" bike shoes, it was easy after the receptionist explained it to me.I've been back for a second class and it was even more fun.Spin cycling to great music with cool instructors in total darkness is awesome.
5	My mom and I used to go here at least twice a week, it is the most amazing workout ever. I just wish I could do it every day. I love the music, and the energy!!If you want a workout that is fun and also pushes you and gives you wonderful results go here!
5	I had an absolutley great experience with Studio 360. I am from out of town and travel for work a lot. I find it challenging to find good drop in class, and this place surpassed my expectations. Instructors - Are very helpful. They connected with me before and after class to ensure I had a great experience. The Class - Was so much fun! This class is great for every level because you can work at your own pace, but at the same time the class energy is high so you are motivated to push your hardest for an ultimate and rewarding workout.The Students - People in the class are VERY friendly, informative, and encouraging. I also like their class packages as they are reasonably priced, and it makes it easy if you are just able to drop in time to time.Thanks Studio 360 for an amazing and fun experience! I know I will be back whenever I am in town!
5	I have been attending classes at Studio 360 for a little over a month, and I am hooked! When I came to my first class, I was so surprised as to how friendly and welcoming everyone was, as I have had opposite experiences at other spin studios in the area. If it is your first time, the instructors and other students are more than willing to help. They also provide spin shoes if you do not have your own.The instructors are amazing! They are all very fun, but each have their own style depending on the type of music they play. Since spinning relies so heavily on music, I suggest trying several different instructors to find the ones that you like this best.Spin at Studio 360 is a fun and motivating workout, I would recommend it to anyone!
4	I've been going to Studio360 for six months, and this is a great spin studio! I like the warm and friendly atmosphere. You stand the entire time, so it's a great cardio workout in addition to building your muscles; I've replaced running with spinning because it's just as good for your lungs but lower impact on your joints. In theory, you're also distributing the weight more evenly so that you're not just working your gluts, and they incorporate some 'dancing' on the bike to give some attention to the upper body as well. It's mostly in the dark with some black lights, which is fun and people are not staring and you and judging you. There are some really fantastic teachers-- Denise (the owner), Stephanie, Sara, Jen, Cinnaree, and Stephanie teach my favorite classes. I also like that there are a range of people who attend-- different ages and backgrounds and more women than men. It's also in a cute neighborhood and reasonably priced.There are several cons. One is that the shoes are generally of poor quality, but hey they don't charge for them. You'll need to buy your own (around $80) or at least really good inserts if you plan to spin often. Another drawback is that there are a few teachers who seem to be more focused on their own workout rather than encouraging the class and setting a place that more than one person in the room can follow. Sometimes they play the music too loud too, so protect your ears and use the complimentary ear plugs. You may need to try out some different classes and figure out which ones work for you. I do wish the fantastic teachers who are really into teaching would teach more classes.
