5	Love it!
5	As far as Starbucks goes this one is spot-on. It is the closest Starbucks to my house and therefore receives a lot of my business. I'm a regular and I know many of the baristas as I frequently stop here or drive-thru to get my java on.Although the strip mall in which it is located is very scuzzy this Starbucks is still nice. There is a bit of seating inside as well as out. Best of all there's a drive-thru which is oh-so-convenient when I just don't feel like going in.The employees are nice and always greet you. Even if they're busy with the drive-thru menu they will make sure you know they've recognized you're there waiting to order. A good Starbucks here. No problemos. Muy bueno.
4	This is a normal Starbucks store and it was a great stop yesterday after a bike ride along the Flamingo Arroyo Trail.The place was really busy this Thanksgiving morning, but all the baristas worked quickly and the wait time was short.I had a good drink, a slice of gingerbread loaf, and some wifi. I checked my email and FB.This is a good outlet.  It's far from my home turf in Las Vegas, but when I'm riding the trail again, this will be one of my stops along the way!
5	Drive thru is convenient. A luxury for those who live in the Sunrise Manor area. Intercom works perfectly. Nice folks. Thank you, goodbye!
4	My name is Daniel.S. And the "S" ought to be for Starbucks. I am proud to be a Starbucks fan. After hiking up Frenchman Mountain, I never had a greater appreciation for Starbucks that I did after the hike. The water kept me from dehydrating. But Frenchman Mountain left my mind dehydrated and up in its clouds. There was no celebratory champaigne toast for completing the hike. My mind was toast. It was an effort to order a whopper. Forget about driving to Henderson. After barely getting through the whopper, I turned to the brand that got me through cramming for exams and insane days at work. I turned to Starbucks.   Without fail, the coffee with vanilla spice syrup brought my mind back from up in the clouds of Frenchman Mountain. Ordering a whopper would no longer require thinking. I would be able to drive home.  This Starbucks is at the southwest corner of Nellis at Sahara. It shares a shopping center with Food 4 Less and Burger King. It the typical cookie cutter Starbucks with a drive thru.   I consider this the Starbucks of the Frenchman Mountain area. This is a part of town where Starbucks is sparsely located. The outdoor seating overlooks a distance view of Frenchman Mountain. On my way to Frenchman Mountain, I sat outside sipping coffee while looking at the mountain that was going to challenge me (two check-ins in one day).  Although the "S" in Daniel. S is not for Starbucks, I am proud to say that I am a Starbucks fan. There will be more Starbucks reviews in my yelping future.***Yelp Challenge review 41 out of 100*****
5	Great people, Guy is the man! Place is CLEAN and good service. Thanks for a great job. See you Sunday morning.
5	This location is dooooope. and the closest one to my house. The workers here are so sweet and funny. Good job Starbucks.
3	Big starbucks fan here.  Pretty average starbucks. Always friendly workers and good atmosphere.
5	I had to get up early after a long night of work.  And, nothing says "WAKE UP!" like a Grande' Cup of French Roast Coffee.  So, I knew that I needed one before I piss off a client or he pisses me off.  Caffeine was absolutely necessary.  I walked in and there was a little bit of a line but it was moving rather quickly.  I eventually got my cup and out the door I went.  Nothing more and nothing less.  The only expectation that I had coming in was a good hot cup of coffee, and it was met.
4	Great customer service. Just one issue... I've been a gold card member since 2009 and spend over $80 a month. The store doesn't brew bold coffee after "breakfast" hours. I know the economy is rough, but it's ridiculous. I now spend more (add shots, Cafe Americano, etc) to get a "bold coffee". I may have to cut up my card and go elsewhere over this pennywise, pound foolish policy.
5	Clean, friendly, and fast, what more could you want from a Starbucks? This location has a drive thru, which is convenient with your commute takes you on either Sahara or Nellis. This location is everything you want in a Starbucks.
5	This location has baristas who know who I am before I even reach the window. *Friendly staff*Helpful with the ordering (we know it can get complicated)*Rarely gets an order incorrect
5	Best starbucks I have ever been to. Even though it's a chain I feel like this SB is different from any other I have ever been to! My drinks are always perfect and fast! And they even know me by name now. From what I see every morning they have so many regulars that they know a lot of people there by name.
1	They have the slowest drive thru service.  Don't go to this location if you're running late!
5	Love this place. After only my second time in they remembered my drink! Friendly staff, good music. Great atmosphere, I like to sit here with my laptop and work. Try to avoid it in the morning or early afternoon. The older staff is not so friendly.
2	Repeatedly disappointed by this location. The people are nice and helpful but cannot make drinks (chai latte & passion tea) at all. When ordering in a pinch for time at this location it usually ends up with me wishing I had just taken the time to go to another in the first place. I think future business I will take else where even though all other Starbucks are VERY far away. Hopefully my baristas at this location become familiar with the products they serve so my chai latte isn't just a venti cup full of cinnamon water.
