5	I had the pleasure of staying at this newly built, modern design with french flair location for 3 nights and 4 days. My only and biggest complaint is due to the location, construction, and one ways. This hotel can be a pain in the butt to get to.  Aside from that, everything else I can think of was excellent. My fiancee says that this is a Starwood chain and normally they are pretty expensive, but this is trying to be the hotel catered to the "Budget minded" traveler. Due to the age of the hotel everything is very new and clean. In the main common area upon walking in, there are nice couches, chairs, modern furniture, a fireplace in the bar area, a free billiards table, free wifi access, board games to play while you sit and relax, a led lighted bar with 3 flat screen tv's above, heated pool, up to date exercise equipment with hookups for your mp3/ipod devices, 2 large screen computers for wired internet access, an ATM machine and various concessions available for purchase as well as bagged ice. Getting into the room there are many other perks that make staying here a good choice. Mini fridge, safe for valuables, coffee/tea maker, complimentary bottled water. Digital hookup to the 42" TV for your laptop and other electronic devices. A huge comfy bed, well lit room,  blackout curtains, a vast standing shower with large shower head, and the cutest little retro clock. I snapped a bunch of pictures but most of them don't really do the place justice. If you fly into Montreal and are looking for an affordable place to stay and want to still be close to the city (15 minute drive, not bad at all) I would recommend this place in spades. The staff were very friendly, eager to help and wanted to make sure that our stay was fantastic. It definitely was.
5	Fantastic place to stay. Fun, funky and fashionable. Very friendly staff. Great amenities such as a free pool table & apple computers in the lobby as well as a cool bar area with an outside seating area. I didn't hear any noise in our room ( no planes , no noise from the construction). Less than 5 minutes to the airport via free shuttle which arrives every 15  minutes. Would stay here again and will look for other Aloft hotels in other cities to enjoy.
4	Aloft is a really interesting brand experiment by Starwood.  It's essentially a hotel in a box - there are three possible configurations and everything is designed to offer maximum comfort and throughput with the minimum in capital outlay.  Let's take a look at what's in the box; Spacious rooms, ultra modern design, free WiFi, excellent beds, large flat screen with a remote jack-pack to accept inputs.  Impressive shower and Bliss toiletries.All in all one of the best airport hotel stays I've had at a great price.
3	Proximity to airport is fantastic. Construction around the area is HORRIBLE!Hipster hotel? No, just a box that finally has pretty much everything a modern buiness traveler needs. Free wi-fi (why any hotel gets away with charging is rediculous)Spacious rooms, ultra modern design, excellent beds, large flat screen with a remote jack-pack to accept inputs.  No need for a tub with the impressive shower and has decent toiletries.
5	I've stayed at many hotels and I can't remember one that I liked more than this. Lobby has a pool table, iMacs, indoor pool. Very friendly staff. Spacious rooms, ultra modern design, free WiFi, excellent beds, large flat screen.  It's super close to the airport. The only downsides were that there is a ton of construction near the airport so getting there can be tricky. Also, some of the food items were very expensive. ($5 for some Gatorade??). I pricelined this place and got a great deal. Hope I get to stay here everytime I come to Montreal.
4	Honestly I'm not sure how I feel about this place!  When I first walked in I saw the lobby had a pool table  some Macs and a bar with a lot of people hanging out.  It seemed like a pretty fun place to me!  I also noticed a pool and free wi-fi.The staff checked me in and I went off to my room.  On my way to my room they had a bunch of vending machines, standard way overpriced for what it's worth but it's expected at any chain hotel.On my walk to my room I noticed the decor was very interesting.  It's part of the Starwoods chain and it reminded me of another Starwoods hotel.  I would say this hotel would be what happened if the group that designed the W had to shop at Ikea!  I hate IKEA! It's still pretty swank but on a budget.The room was decent sized, very modern and used it's space pretty well.  The rooms have a flat screen and a pretty cool washroom.The proximity is close to the airport but there isn't much else around.  I like this hotel a lot more than many that I've had a chance to stay at but it's definitely not as nice as the W but was almost there for a fraction of the price!
3	eh, OK.I have stayed at this location about a dozen times since last summer.  It is an aging aLoft hotel, after only 4 years open.  It is owned by the same group that has the Sheraton across the street.  As a lifetime Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest, I have stayed in quite a few aLoft hotels across the globe.  This one is built just like the others, but not run extremely well, IMYO.For starters, they refuse to properly acknowledge my Platinum status or the fact that I have spent 30 days of my life at the property recently.  A standard Platinum benefit is the free breakfast.  I have asked the last couple of times I have checked in about it and I get the same song-and-dance from the front desk person who says "they give extra bonus points".  Huh?  I showed her my SPG statement and she said "hrmmm, she would ask management."  Other aLofts give drink coupons, not only did I never get a free drink for the long waits at check in, but the WXYZ bar is expensive.  The rooms are IKEA nice - probably not decorated for everyone's taste.  My issues are that the AC/fan in room 520 was so loud I asked to be moved.  The lines are starting to wear.  Plus if you are a light sleeper (I am not), do not sleep at this location because you will be awakened by airplanes.  Water pressure/shower and bathroom is nice.  You have to get used to the shampoo/conditioner and bath gel being in a dispenser on the shower wall.  They do have a bar of soap and two free waters.  Plus there is a free shuttle that leaves every 15 minutes over to the airport.  Parking a car is $10 and the parking lot is routinely full - I think they let travelers park their car for longer-trips.Aside from the front desk, the bar staff is very fun and personable.  Vidal is very good and runs a good group of bartenders.Overall, I may switch my allegiance to the Sheraton because they have a free Club lounge for Platinum SPG members.  Not only is Breakfast free, but they have free alcohol and snacks in the evening.  The Sheraton rooms are not as hip, but the Club floor rooms have been renovated.  Plus the bar at the Sheraton has a more interesting mix of people - I wonder how many of the flight crews staying here fly within 8 hours of leaving the bar ;)
3	This Aloft location is showing alot of wear and tear for what seems to be a newer hotel. Everything in my room from trim pieces to light switches, carpet, to the caulking in the bathroom looked like it's wearing out quickly. Not run down by any means, but probably won't last the test of time.The design is modern, European, Ikea-like, and similar to other Alofts, but why in the hell is that bulky internet connector thing on the desk RIGHT IN MY WAY?? And you can't move it! Ugghh. At least the bed was comfortable and the room was mostly quietIf you like the Aloft style and need to be near the airport, it's not a bad spot, but not my first choice, either
4	I recently stayed here for 9 nights. Not necessarily a place for a long stay but overall was a great experience. The desk staff made my stay worth the while. They were informative and helpful. The true definition of hospitality. They have a great, fully stocked bar with great music playing at night. I didn't get to use the pool but if I had a bathing suit it would have been a great way to relax.This is a very cool, modern concept from W Hotels. They have a food pantry which is pretty well stocked with salads, sandwiches, snacks and a variety of cold beverages.. They serve a continental breakfast every day which is reasonably priced. They also serve light snacks at the bar at night but I wish they served some more substantial selections. Theres not a lot in the way of restaurants in the area because it is just outside the airport.I saw some other yelp comments about wear and tear on the rooms but this was not the case for me. The rooms are well appointed and again modern. The furnishings are a bit sparse but this is not meant to be a luxury concept. II liked the Bliss spa products which were a few notches above the usual soaps and creams you find in hotel rooms. Parking cost $10 per night and for the fact that they even charge for parking there were nights when it was difficult to find a spot.
4	I had a very pleasant stay at the Aloft by the Airport.  The room was kept clean and tidy.  The staff made the stay very comfortable.  I was here for 2 weeks and never had an issue with anything.  Nice gym, complimentary breakfast, friendly bar and great reception staff.  Pleasantly surprised.  Would definitely stay here again.  Thank you!
4	This hotel is convenient to the airport. It is less convenient to downtown, as one has to traverse Montreal's frequently overloaded highway system. (As one local quipped: "They call them expressways, but they are really parking lots.")We selected the hotel, because it offered reasonable rates and it allowed us to keep our dog with us overnight without an extra fee. The wifi is free. The hotel has a small pool, a outdoor lounging area, and a well-kept fitness room. There are grassy areas in the parking lot where one can walk a dog. The rooms are comfortable. I wish the breakfast was free, but it is fairly inexpensive. My only concern was when we checked in. We booked our reservation on the website: Bring Fido. We listed the fact that we had 1 dog with us. When we were bring our dog into the lobby, the lobby attendant chastised me for not telling him I had a dog when I first got there, as he assigns different rooms based on presence or absence of a pet. I showed him a print-out of the reservation where I had listed the dog. Apparently, that information is not available to the staff checking one in. Otherwise, the stay was uneventful in a good way, and comfortable.I would recommend it, if distance to downtown is not a consideration and one doesn't mind being literally next door to the park and ride lots and freeways of Montreal.
4	Good hotel for long connections with fast wifi, a fitness center, and snack options (for pay) in the lobby. A lot of rooms have excellent views of YUL's runways--either a blessing or a curse (i.e. Aviation enthusiasts vs. sleepy travelers). The price is cheap and it's walking distance from the airport (though there's a free bus to and from the airport). While this is not the Sheraton next door, the aloft is definitely a second-pick for me when I am at YUL airport.
3	Good hotel for long connections with fast wifi, a fitness center, and snack options (for pay) in the lobby. A lot of rooms have excellent views of YUL's runways--either a blessing or a curse (i.e. Aviation enthusiasts vs. sleepy travelers). The price is cheap and it's walking distance from the airport (though there's a free bus to and from the airport). While this is not the Sheraton next door, the aloft is definitely a second-pick for me when I am at YUL airport.
5	This hotel is close to the airport with a shuttle to and from YUL every fifteen minutes. They do not have a restaurant but they have snack food and drinks. The hotel is very clean and the staff was friendly. The rooms are adequate with very comfortable beds. It is a chain with over 100 locations so I will probably stay in one again. The price is good too.
