4	The Bruntsfield Hotel has become a trademark image to represent Bruntsfield. Its location is to DIE for, looking onto the links and meadows, waking up in one of their cosy, traditional rooms overlooking the stunning green parks is the perfect way to begin your day. Also it's no more than a 15 minute walk to Princes Street, so you miss the hustle and bustle at night but thrive in it during the day. The staff are very friendly and very welcoming, and they know a lot about the area. On top of this, the bistro is brilliant! Surprisingly trendy and chic! The furniture is fabulous and the decor is really cool. Can you tell I was surprised?! Shocked is more like it. The food was really yummy and the staff were great fun! It was really nice to be in such a contrasting environment - the traditional hotel and the trendy bistro. If you don't stay in the hotel, at least visit the bistro. Whether it's your first trip to Edinburgh or your second, there's no excuse
2	This is a nice hotel.  I was going for a hotel near the train station and after spending 2 days in Edinburgh I think I would have selected a hotel closer to the center of the city.  it wasn't a bad location, we did walk to the castle, but if you are going to do a lot of walking, it's better to be near all the attractions.  The hotel was in good condition, the room was nice and the restaurant was good.  The free WI-FI didn't work good at all, we ended up using their free computer and could get the WI-FI to work on our phones only if we were sitting right next to the hotel computer.  For our trip, this was not our favorite hotel.  There was no hair dryer, there was a door right outside our room that banged really loud whenever someone walked through it and the garbage was right outside our window so when it was picked up at 6 am it woke us up.  So it was a very noisy hotel.The staff was nice and friendly.  The staff in the restaurant were really nice and the food was very good.  The staff was willing to answer any questions and help us get around the city.  There were several things in the room we couldn't get to work and couldn't figure out how they worked.  There was a towel warmer in the bathroom which took about an hour to figure out how to even get it to come on.  Never did get the light by my bed to work.  They have a rate for bed and breakfast and when I was booking the hotel I never saw that as a selection on the website or I would have selected it.  So I think the cost was more expensive separate.  Our last morning we selected room service and for 12.50 you got 2 slices of bread.  It's not a bad hotel, just a let down from some of the other ones we stayed at during our trip.
5	I recently won a Facebook competition to stay here for Easter Sunday and a night at the Keavil House Hotel on the bank holiday Monday (lucky me!), so Kris B. and I set off for Edinburgh to enjoy a cheeky weekend away. The location of this hotel is great; about a leisurely 20 mins walk away from Princes St and the Old Town (depending on which direction you walk) and is situated at the far end of the Meadows, providing a great view for lucky guests at the hotel. As we checked in, the receptionist explained what we had won and where we could find local amenities, as well as directing us to our room, all very friendly and extremely helpful. Our room was absolutely massive and stunning. We stayed in a superior suite, which was well furnished with a big squishy king-size bed, bay window, a separate lounge area and a huge bathroom with a bath so large I could've swam lengths! After we checked in we went for a wander into town and hit some of our favourite haunts in Edinburgh. As I said earlier, this hotel is so handy for getting to most of the main areas of Edinburgh; we found the hotel after 10 mins walking from Haymarket station and we only took about 20 mins (after a diversion through the University) to get to the Grassmarket) so I cannot recommend the Bruntsfield highly enough on this front. When we cam back from our wanderings we went to the hotel restaurant and bar, Bisque Brasserie - I think this has a separate Yelp page so I'll leave a review there, but I can safely say... WOW. All in all, Kris and I felt so relaxed and chilled after recharging our emotional batteries at the Bruntsfield hotel. I would definitely come back here if I wanted to escape Glasgow for a little whilke (that rarely happens but still... :P)
4	Very nice stay.  Amber at the front desk was extremely polite and helpful. All front desk staff were always smiling!Restaurant staff needs to smile more.
