4	A new Big Lots! Yeah! Huge fan of this place!From the outside it looks like you're going to walk into this Super Big Lots because it is so huge! It used to be a sports apparel and equipment store so there's a lot of room in here for Big Lots to be Big....Lots!!!I walked inside and was like whoa....this isn't as big as I was expecting it to be. It was laid out very spaciously, fitting everything you'd expect to find in a Big Lots store in this huge space. Why not take advantage of the square footage and make it a Super Big Lots? Perhaps they're waiting to see how successful this location will be?Anyway, what's not to like about Big Lots? Name brand items for generic prices. Winning! There were a few things I saw on the shelves here that I've never seen in any other Big Lots but overall, it was your typical Big Lots (Man I am saying Big Lots a lot!).Overall, I will come back often just to see what else they've done to the place. They haven't been here long and they are just minutes from my job, which can become very dangerous during lunch breaks or driving past from work! Yeah, it's Big Lots, so I'm a fan!
4	This location for Big Lots rock! You've got Target as it's anchor and three other discount retailers all here at Lake Mead Crossings. A savvy shoppers dream!   A big plus...how CLEAN, ORGANIZED and WELL STOCKED this store is! I walked into this store and it still has that "new store smell" if there's such a thing.I know some may scrunch and turn up their nose at the mention of shopping here, I admit I do sometimes! But if you are a bargain hunter then you know where to score quality home deco merchandise for cheaper than cheap! I've spotted many closeouts from major retailers here. (like Pier 1 Imports...shhh). This place has probably the largest square footage of BL's furniture department Ive seen. So if you're looking for furniture check here first. Ive been shopping  all over the place so I recognize labels that major retailers carry, and wow they have it here at deep discounts. And did I mention everything is easy to find here..no packages look worn or torn up or out of place.  The aisles felt crowded though..that's about it. They even have an electronics section with mini laptops and tablets that are super affordable $99!! ..I bought one for Mr. B for the heck of it and it works great! Staff was friendly and helpful. The store manager was on the floor helping us out with questions I had on electronics.Happy that I checked this place out and Mr. B is happy too, I saved him some money! Stars for good prices, good selection, happy staff and making this neat freak happy. Making this Big Lots store the one I'll shop at from now on.
4	Big Lots has big bargains.  I've never really looked around in here, even though I've stopped by searching for one item or another before.  After perusing the neighboring store with the big red bulls-eye that I always go to, Alicia R. and I walked over looking for one of those soft, cushiony kitchen rugs because the other place didn't have them.  We found them, but also decided to check out what Big Lots has to offer, walking up and down most of the aisles.  Although it's not as big as the bulls-eye stores, there's quite a selection of furniture, kitchen items, home decor, food items, cleaning supplies, etc.  My laundry detergent is $1 cheaper here and I saw at least one dining table with pub chairs that I'd buy when I move.  I also spied Guittard semi-sweet chocolate chips for $2.75 that I'd use for baking cookies as well as the biggest selection of Bob's Red Mill products I've ever seen.  Plus, it's not busy; there were probably three other people when we were there at lunch time on a Monday.The bottom line is that I need to start shopping at Big Lots more often, especially with this location so close to work and another location right in my Summerlin 'hood.  Check it out when you have time and see if you spy some bargains, too.
5	Lots of beautiful and cheap stuff, always not to crowded so a nice place to buy calmly!
