3	Food delicious!Service... friendly, but slow.  Little things like receiving that bread you are supposed to get in the beginning...when we were almost done with our meal.
1	we were downtown and looking for somewhere to eat.  it didn't look too bad from the bar, but when we sat down (saturday night) we were seated within arms length of another couple....  the service was in a close tie for the worst service we have EVER had.  the food was ok.. not great.... we felt a little ripped off that we wasted one of our vegas dinners at tony romas... definately not a nice dinner.  the only part i enjoyed was the baked potatoe soup - absolutely delicious!
5	Maybe it was the fact that I was up $100, or that the meal was comped or all the beer I had just drank, but this was one of the best steak and shrimps I've ever had. Service was pretty good too. Well, at least until they kicked us out.
1	I should have known when the host told us we wouldn't like the special anyway.  Their special was "STEAK AND LOBSTER $11.99".  We were looking for a place to eat and figured hey we'd give it a try.  Upon arriving at Tony Roma's inside of the Fremont Casino we had to snake all the way towards the back of the casino and saw a line waiting for Tony Roma's special.  Little did I know the term 'special' was las vegas local slang for "stupid tourists, come to me, come to Tony Romas and freely waste your time and money"I knew better, my wife and mother in law they gave it a try.  I went with the buffalo chicken sandwich and fries and a bowl of the french onion soup.  The soup was ok, but the sandwich sucked and so did the fries.  I waited for the steak and lobster arrive and when it came, I laughed.  I've seen shrimp larger than the lobster that came with the steak and I've also seen shoe leather with less gristle than the steaks that came out.Lesson learned, if you want really sucky food and really bad service, come get tortured at Tony Roma's.  We even had a lady pass out and be taken away by the paramedics while we were dining at Tony Romas.  I wonder if it was a trick to get out of the bill.
3	Service was acceptable, but they didn't give us a bread basket. Prices were moderate for Vegas. My dinner was a dare for me (pan-seared sesame encrusted fish), but I enjoyed it very much. Don't get suckered into the steak and lobster meal for $11.99. It's not worth the wait and the hassle. If you want good surf and turf, shell out the $20 or more for it and don't deal with so much trouble. I'm really glad I went once, but I'm not sure if I'll go back. I'll probably try a new place next time.
3	I guess this place is getting low scores for the special (steak and lobster), but I didn't get the special so my experience here was a pretty good one. Came here on a Saturday night so of course there's a lot of people waiting in line. Got our ticket and were told to wait about 45 minutes. That 45 minutes passed by really fast because I was playing on a slot machine and winning xP I don't think it even took 45 minutes, but it was really hard to hear them calling out the ticket numbers because of the loud casino noise. We got our table in the corner and I noticed that the lighting of the restaurant was pretty dim. I ordered theSouth Miami Fried Shrimp which comes with french fries, cole slaw and cocktail sauce. The shrimp was hot and yummy with the cocktail sauce. Fries were alright... nothing special. But I really liked the cole slaw which had a refreshing taste; it came in a small little cup though -.-" So for all you people who got the special, too bad for you guys. I mean come on! Steak and lobster for $11.99... that just sounds too good to be true. Lol xO
5	The grilled chicken salad I had was really good. Very fresh tasty and plentiful. The little tortilla strips gave my bites a nice crunch and the little tomatoes were yummy. Our waitress was extremely cool and nice. So yay for her! :D We came in after the restaurant was supposed to be closed, but they were still letting some people in. My friend really liked the half BBQ chicken. It was tender and moist. Came with a side of coleslaw and french fries. We pretty much cleaned up our plates.
2	Good Ribs - 5 Star (very generous here)Terrible servce - -1 StarTerrible steak (dry and flavorles)- -1 StarTerrible appetizer- -1 StarGet the picture?  If only you can get the ribs without anything else.  Avoid this place unless you have no choice.
3	Pork ribs were great, especially compared to Memphis Champ BBQ.BUT... my wife had the special of steak and lobster and that was a very lousy meal!  Don't get sucked into the cheap price tag of any special.  Just pay regular price for a regular menu item and I think you'll be satisfied.Service was especially friendly.
3	$11.99 Steak and Lobster!That's what got us in here when we were checking out Fremont St. just to see what it was like.The steak was a 10oz sirloin that was medium well not medium rare, and the lobster was the tail from a lobster that was probably under 1lb. Definitely frozen veggies on the place too. Like you had when you were a kid.The place was filled with people that were partying and gambling earlier in the night since the special started at 9pm.Service was super prompt and efficient. Not sure I'll ever be back here since Fremont St. is only cool to check out once, but it wasn't as bad as I expected.
2	If you make it in for their post 9PM specials (read: $12 steak and lobster tail), then maybe this would be worth your while.  Not for me.  My steak was like a piece of rubber.  My date got something that included a lobster tail and it had to be the smallest lobster tail I have ever seen.  The only thing I liked on my plate was the baked potato.  Only real plus; the service from our waitress was great.  Even though she was clearly overworked with too many tables, she was very attentive.  I think she was a rare case as everyone else working there (including the miser bale hostess) seemed...well, miserable.  Wont be back.
3	All we wanted with my friends that night was ribs. We didn't care about the atmosphere of the restaurant (which is non existant whatsoever), we didn't care about the service, we wanted to eat ribs, that was pretty much it. We had them and it was really good. Very tender and tasty. The service is not top notch but our waitress did a nice job keeping our cocktails glasses full. An overall good experience.
3	Quick and was decent. We split a Turkey Cheddar Melt.. Can't expect much from a chain in the middle of Fremont Street I suppose. Service was good.
2	Went on a Friday night and was able too get in without a wait. I ordered the St. Louis ribs full slab with fries.Every year I go to Kansas City just too eat ribs. Flavor was good but not impressive.
3	I enjoyed my dinner at Tony Roma's. I got the chicken with creamed spinach with wild rice some other stuff. Pretty yummy. My friends got the steaks/lobster tail and ribs dishes and said they were just "ok". Not great but not bad. Their onion loaf and mozzarella sticks were good. It was incredibly busy and there was a wait for the table. But our server, named Suerte, was really nice and on the ball, so cheers to her. All in all, an ok meal if you don't mind the noise/crowd.
2	We usually have to wait close to an hour for a table on a Saturday night, but this weekend the wait was only 10 - 20 minutes.  I don't know if it is the ecomony or the food, but it was unusual.  It's Tony Romas, so what can we say.  It is a restaurant chain located inside a casino in Downtown Las Vegas.  The food tastes pretty much the same as any other Tony Romas.  The wait staff was attentive and accommodating.  The ribs were great (4 of us had ribs), and we added their red hot BBQ sauce, which made it yummy.  My mom had the prime rib special and she was happy.  We started with the onion loaf, which is a treat for onion lovers.
3	Went in for the $11.95 steak and lobster and it was really busy but it was good.
3	Went to Vegas with the 'rents over Veteran's Day weekend.  The Cal and Main St. were all booked up for a Video Poker tournament, so we flipped our comp'ed room over to the Fremont.  The second night in, we ended up eating at the Tony Roma's for the Prime Rib special.First off, Tony Roma's is pretty busy.  We had to wait 30+ minutes for a table (and this was at 5:30pm).  The decor is very dark and while there are a lot of patrons, we were all pretty spread out.All three of us ordered the Prime Rib special (since that's our thing to do when we go to Vegas).  It comes with a baked potato and mixed vegetables.  I didn't try the horse radish, but the waitress and my parents said that it was very strong.  The quality of the meat was about on-par with the Market Street Cafe, but maybe a bit less juicy.  It was okay, nothing too impressive.  What I really missed in comparison with the Market Street at the Cal, was no rice and there really wasn't that much au jus.Instead of the free cherry jubilee (at the Market Street), we shared an order of the dessert sampler.  This is where Tony Roma's regained a star.  The sampler consists of a red velvet cake, apple tart with ice cream, and a brownie with ice cream.  In one word: yum.  I enjoyed all three of the dishes tremendously and they definitely did not scrimp on the portion sizes.All in all, if the line is too long at the Market Street Cafe, I wouldn't mind coming back here for some prime rib.
3	At the end of our Vegas trip we decided to go to Fremont Street, explore something new, and see all the lights we always see in all those old movies. We were starving and saw Tony Roma's special lit up on a sign and figured why not?I've only been to Tony Romas once before, years ago and this is one was alot different to the one I remember. We were seated right away which was nice, the place was filled with big groups (more families, etc).I got their 'famous' Baby Back Ribs with a Baked Potato on the side. Yes, I might be tiny but I can eat A-lot:) They were good but nothing extraordinary and the potato was kind of cold.A little dissapointed, but I guess thats what you get at a steak house in a beat up hotel on Fremont Street! p.s.-Did I mention how terrible our waiter was? BLAH.
3	Had the surf and turf lobster/steak meal and it was okay.  It goes back to the whole... you get what you pay for.... and for this meal it hold's true.  I'd rather have a delicious hamburger instead.  But even still, it wasn't a bad meal if you need lobster on a budget, but don't expect 5 star taste.  The waiters were nice and the expierence was decent.
5	I love businesses that remain authentic to their credo. Tony Roma's is everything I want in a casino restaurant: quirky decor, pop-your-eyes-out deals and decent service. The $11.99 steak and lobster special is awesome, although I must recommend spending an extra $8 to have a $20 steak and two lobster tails dinner. It's worth checking out if you have time and want a fun place on Fremont Street.
5	Just finished! Dang their ribs were great. I was pleasantly surprised! Great portions too!
2	Only eat ribs here. Anything else you will be very disappointed. The only good point is...its cheap.
4	I've been here several times and have been happy every time. For those who think you are going to get a five star quality steak and lobster dinner for 17 dollars you are foolish. For what you pay here it is a great dinner. The servers are hard working people who have a tough job because they have many tables. If you don't like your 12 dollar steak go across the street to Vic and snthonys  and pay 50 just for the meat it is excellent but remember you wanted a 12 dollar steak dinner
2	The staff are motivated, but overworked. The price is reasonable and modest considering the location. This place is a zoo, with the huge throngs of people "ev-ery-where". Not just "Standing Room Only", what I call "elbow room only"...as in...NoNe.The baked potato seemed like it was days old. The ribs were way overcooked to my liking, but the steak was perfectly medium-rare and the deep-fried shrimp was crispy.Sensitive stomach alert: I had a "liquified stomach" earning me 12 hours in the bathroom after eating here. Whether it was the iced tea, or the salad, or the funky baked potato or the individual sealed butter cups sitting on the table too long or just tourist germs...who knows. All I know is I won't be back.
2	Glad I didn't pay for my meal here.Ended up going to this Tony Roma's which is inside the Fremont Casino with a large group (my family primarily). As stated at the beginning of the review, glad I wasn't paying for my meal because it was not good.I ordered the "recommended" Tony Roma's Steakhouse Burger and asked for it medium well. It came out medium for sure. Very pink in the middle, definitely not cooked enough to my liking. However, I was so hungry I did not bother to return it to the waitress. I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack. She seriously was running around like a chicken with her head cut off. I think she had too many tables.My brother also had the Steakhouse burger. We both agreed it wasn't anything spectacular. It came with two big slices of bacon on it and it was a pretty good size. The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger. It seemed like they'd been sitting around before being brought out. My aunt got the spinach dip appetizer. I had a taste, it tasted like spinach dip... and it too was lukewarm. My uncle got the shrimp cocktail. The shrimps looked decent sized, but the presentation was a little weird in my opinion. This place is seriously a tourist trap for sure. The dining room is also dark and off-putting. They have really, really cheap specials which i did not partake of, but I don't know, maybe they're worth it? Final decision: Tony Roma's will not be on my list of places I want to go eat.
2	The waitstaff is nice, but definitely overworked. The service was slow even though there were 2 people working our table of 7. I ordered a 9oz. sirloin with lobster tail. If you order a steak you can get a lobster tail for $10. I estimate that the lobster tail had been sitting under a heat lamp for about 10 hours. It was shriveled to the size of a prawn and tasted like cardboard, no, um, rubber, um, not quite, well, let's just say it was awful and no amount of melted better could save it. The steak wasn't quite that bad, but it was bad. I ordered medium rare and it came out medium. It was tough and dry and yucky, yes, yucky. The baked potato was actually pretty good and I ate all of it.I definitely won't be going back to this location.
1	I don't even know where to begin...But maybe this is the standard for old downtown vegas...Our server was older and so so so rude. I get that youre in your 60's and still serving tables but for christ sake, be nice to your customers!! You had a group of 7, and we were mellow and low key. Instead you treated us like we were a nusience to you when all we came in for was to eat...  The food was ok... Not bad, but not great either. My pulled pork sandwich was soooo dry. Didnt even eat half of it. Its very very loud and tight seating too...I had hoped for more.:(
1	If it sounds too good too be true, it probably is. It used to be that casinos could sell good food as a loss leader, to get people to play the games, but it is clear that the specials themselves are now a cash grab. The $12.99 steak and lobster was terrible. I've seen better looking steaks in the freezer at Dollar Tree, and I wish that was an exaggeration. It was thin, leathery, and flavorless. The lobster tail is an ounce of lobster meat, attached to the shell on the outside, and tasted like it was flash frozen after pre-cooking, and reheated in a microwave. The saving grace was the melted butter, which allowed you to choke down the rubbery lobster meat. The mixed vegetables were exactly what you find in any frozen peas, carrots, and corn bag on your grocer's freezer.The potato was, well, a potato. Not only will I never eat at this Tony Roma's, but I won't ever eat at another Tony Roma's either.  Any chain that would allow their name to be associated with an overpriced TV dinner, billed as a great value restaurant quality meal, obviously has no pride in their brand.
2	Spinach / artichoke dip was a good starter. New york strip was good, ribs were good, though the extra sauce on the table was unexceptional. Lobster tails were strong and overcooked, in spite of having to wait for them "they weren't ready", I suspect the waitress just forgot. We ordered mahi mahi and got chicken, when the replacement fish finally arrived it was watery and not real warm. We received dinner rolls when we were almost finished eating, they were warm but nothing to write home about. Baked potato and baked beans were good, fries were standard. Coleslaw was good.       Ambiance was no big shakes, all in all about the class of Applebees but more expensive, if not for winning some money at the 4 Queens down the street we may have been more upset, fortunately we didn't wait in line like many people had to.          Staff were just short of rude. Another table found a foreign object in there food. The mahi mahi, lobster tails and coffee were not on the bill, so that was refreshing (we didn't ask to have them removed) if we would have had to pay for those items I would have taken off another star. If you're looking for a special place to dine this ain't it, if you're looking for an overpriced, moderate-quality meal stop by Tony Romas.
1	Oh, Heaven's No.Long lines, VERY subpar food, inattentive and overworked servers...So why did I go here?Like everyone else duped by Las Vegas advertising, the prices for their steak and ribs!And to think I could've made some money on a slot machine than throw it away on glorified cafeteria food.SMHAVOID
1	I was at this Tony Romas on Nov 21, 2011 for there 12.99 Steak n lobster with family and three of us order the same special!! But i guess you get for what you pay!! My steak and  was so bad that it was full of fat hard to chew was so disappointed that even my sisters and my boyfriends was just as bad!! My sister mentioned to the server after he came to our table and asked us how everything was and as soon as my sister mentioned the steak was rubbery and he just ignored us and just walked away!! I will say that he also took a long time to bring us our check let alone never came back to collect the check after he dropped it off!!  I was so disappointed that I should have walked away without paying because no one seem to notice but of course I'm not a person to do that so I had to find someone to take my money so i went straight to there greeter!!   The one thing I will say is I did not leave a tip to our server!! This place already charged me enough for a rubbery full of fat no meat steak that the service did not deserve a tip!!! I will never come to any of the Tony Roma's since they are over priced anyways!!!   so don't waste your money on the Special!!!
1	Typically you run specials so people can come to your establishment and see what they are missing while you showcase your food and service. Tony Roma's doesn't get it! We went there after seeing their $12.99 Prime Rib special, mistake!!!! An hour wait for a piece of meat sliced so thin you could almost see through it, with no flavor, served by an overworked, inadequate, pissy waitress, if that's what you like then this is the place for you! The onion loaf was the only good part of the meal.
1	8.99 for prime rib and lobster?? Of course my friends and I hopped on it!It was a 30 minute wait until we got to try this place. My friends and I were hungry and tipsy and couldnt wait to try this place. Finally, after 30 minutes, we got seated and all ordered medium cooked steak with lobster. While the dish was set on our table, our mouths drooled and couldn't wait until we take the first bite. The first bite of the steak tasted like rubber and had no taste (even though we ordered medium and it was red still). The lobster had no taste. We all know that when we're drunk, everything tastes better, but this place definitely didnt taste good at all. It actually woke me up from being tipsy because i was shocked at how it turned out and how much i had to actually chew to swallow the meat.  I guess it's true, you get what you pay for. This place was a definite no and i dont recommend this place.
1	GF and I visited in the fall of 2010.  Location is great (I love Freemont St.) but that is about all this restaurant has going for it.  Packed house, the steak was way overdone and thinly cut, the "lobster" basically was,... well I don't know what it was,...over sized shrimp?  Over-cooked none-the-less.  Yes, the pricing is cheap here, but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for.  I will say that our server was nice and she made an effort to do a good job.  Reality is that Freemont St. is a hard place to find good food, best to stick to pizza by the slice and beers.
3	We only had a little time for a meal due to running late to an event.  We had seen an ad for a reasonably priced prime rib dinner.  I like my prime rib medium rare & ordered it that way.  My meal came out after about 5 minutes and it was medium and it certainly didn't look like the ads.  For the price, it was ok, I wasn't expecting a gourmet meal, but clearly, it was pre-prepared and not made to order.
1	Bf and I had spent the day downtown and were getting hungry. We saw the signs for Tony Romas $11.99 steak & lobster special so we decided to go there. Unfortunately the special is only after 9pm and it was only 6.. Damn. Okay so what specials do you have that are available now? Our server told us about the $8.99 prime rib with veggies and baked potato. The bf went with that and I chose the St. Louis Ribs sampler. Our food came out in 5 minutes. The prime rib was nothing special it was small and bland, the veggies were from a can and the potato was a potato. The ribs were very tender but the sauces all tasted the same. Fries were warm. Everything was just warm like it was already made and sitting under heat lamps. I swear we were in and out of there in 20minutes fastest meal ever! Will not return. Probably won't ever go to another Tony Romas again.
1	How in heaven's name anyone could rate this restaurant above a 1 is beyond me.  Meat quality is definitely low grade.  Avoid at all costs, even though they appear to be low.
2	You get what you pay for, which isn't much to be honest.  We expected a lot more restaurant choices for Fremont Street but there really isn't.  What restaurants there are are INSIDE the casinos so it's a pain just to find one.We settled on Tony Roma's because it wasn't too expensive and we really just wanted to eat.  The host told us 30 minutes even though half the restaurant was empty.  They page the numbers overhead so you can go wander in the casino and not worry about missing being called.  We didn't have to wait 30 minutes, so I guess they were just playing it safe.One server brought us water and silverware, but then our actual waiter didn't show up for about 5 minutes.  Asked for recommendations for drink selections, he wasn't very helpful.When you're at what you think is a nice sit down restaurant and they give you mayonnaise in a packet you should turn around and leave.Food came out quickly but again, you get what you pay for.  I've had better food at TGIFriday's or Olive Garden.  I ordered the "Cheesy Burger" which had 3 or 4 different types of cheese and it was fine, nothing spectacular.  In fact there was almost too much cheese, and for a girl from Wisconsin it takes a lot for me to complain about too much cheese.  I could barely taste the burger.  Also I asked for no tomatoes and got tomatoes.  Fries were standard, nothing special.  My husband ordered some type of chicken sandwich with Jack Daniel's sauce.  When we were done we had to wait almost 15 minutes for our check.  Honestly, you can do better than Tony Roma's.  If you're okay settling for moderate food and a moderate price then go here.  Otherwise go anywhere else.
3	$11.99 steak and lobster after 9pm... everyone at the table ordered it and we got it in like 10 minutes so you know they just had a ton sitting in the kitchen under a heat lamp.  You could tell from the food too.  But hey, for that price I'm fine with it.  The server hated that we all brought in our $2 Coronas from the bar outside but whatever.  After all those beers the special tasted amazing, haha.    Prepare for a long wait.
3	Came here for the steak and lobster special. There was a line for it. Waited about one hour to get in, took less than 10 minutes to finish the steak and lobster, maybe less than 10 mins. Waiter was friendly and attentive. Many come here for that. However, they'll turn people away close to 11.
1	I've been to several other Tony Roma's and they were all pretty great, but this one was THEE worst restaurant I have ever been to!! If I could have given it "0" stars I would have.  They told us the the wait for a seat was 45 mins, no problem, it was in a casino so we figured we could entertain ourselves at the bar.   About 50 mins later, we had a Margarita at their bar (if you want to call it that), it was $7.50 for a Margarita and it was HORRIBLE!  We spoke to the bartender about it and he just didn't care. 1 hr and 15 mins later we were seated, then were asked to move to another table because THEY had sat us in a table for 5 instead of two.  Our waiter totally ignored us, took forever to take our order, then, AT LEAST 45 mins later we finally got our $11.99 steak and lobster.  This was AFTER we saw at least 5 other parties of people get THEIR food and they had arrived WAY after we did.  He realized that a mistake had been made and instead of giving us our order, he kept giving them away to everyone else!!!!! I finally called the Manager over, she apologized and said our order would come right up. NOT, it still took at least 15 -20 mins to get it.  I am normally a really good customer and tip VERY WELL because I know how hard waiters and bartenders work, but this time we just couldn't tip.  They didn't offer to comp us anything, only said they would buy us dessert if we wanted it.  Dessert?  Really?  I practically ran out of the place!  DO NOT GO TO THIS TONY ROMA'S!!! It is HORRIBLE!!!
1	The 11.99 steak and lobster is a great price... Service horrible and management is not real management. Would not do seperate checks..got the bill and it was not itemized the fountain drinks and alcohol all together in one..we had a party of about 20,everybody had different drinks of course, I will never eat at any tony romas again..
1	If there was an option to give NEGATIVE STARS I would. This was easily the worst dining experience I have ever had. Here's what happened We show up to the restaurant with a party of 8. To our surprise we were sat immediately... Now we know why. We sat for about 15 minutes before we were able to order drinks. Another 20 minutes rolled by and we still didn't have service. I finally got up and approached a manager and asked if we had a waiter coming. He said "I'm sure you do" and turned around. Strike 1.Our waitress finally arrived. She said "what does everyone want to order" she took our orders and walked away. We didn't see her until she brought put food out 45 minutes later. Completely out of water she never attempted to refill. Strike 2We ordered the 11.99 steak & lobster special, chicken fingers & fries, bacon Mac & cheese, and the rib sampler. My fries were actually as cold as the ranch. The best thing that was ordered was the Mac & Cheese. The steak & lobster were so rubbery it was unbearable to eat. Now we weren't expecting much for this price but I didn't know steak could possibly have this type of consistency. Strike 3We were never asked how the food was, our waters & beers were never refilled &  even after seeing the majority of food still on all the plates our waitress never thought to ask if everything was ok. I'm not sure if they just thought we were tourists but we are actually locals and all in the service industry. And to top it off the gratuity was already added... Insanity. When we were leaving I expressed my disappointment to the manager & all he did was smile & say "have a nice night" And to top it off after expressing these feelings a few of the servers were laughing & highfived . I will have a nice night because I now have the knowledge to never return. PS I am a bartender downtown & will tell everyone I know to keep far as possible from this establishment.
2	I live downtown, and go here every week or two for takeout. I guess because of the neighborhood, they don't take phone orders, so I need to order in person. Went in last night and ordered. Sat at the bar as always to wait. Virtually no one in the place but was totally ignored by the bartenders.  My wife always gets the same thing...potato skins and mozzarella sticks.  I think they're meh, but she loves them, which is why I go there. I always get something different...last night I got the ribeye, which I've had before, but last night was kind of blah...tough and flavorless. Hey, I love their ribs, so will continue to go, especially since the Mrs. likes their skins.
3	The $11.99 steak and lobster dinner is that cheap for a reason. You'll know why after your first bite. But hey, you're drunk anyway from all those drinks in the casino since you'll be waiting 30-40 mins for a table.Service was mediocre. I can't imagine the servers here make much money with a bunch of cheap guests dining there.
1	new year we eat here not a very pleasant restaurant the appetizer was good but the entrees not to good rice was super salty no good no good, no good. that nite or morning was puking and hubby and sis-in law too so we spend new years in bed all day not a pleasant thing to do while in vacation
1	Dont waste your time, I got my meal free on a comp, but I would NOT pay for the food.  Drinks are good, and the ribs are NOT BAD, but dont order anything else if you go.
1	Ribs are over priced and taste horrid. The ribs were dry and stringy, some parts of the ribs were burnt and inedible. Tried to clean my palate with the fries I had ordered, those were terrible too. I mean, how do you screw up fries!? The fries were dried out and tasted like they had been prepared, thrown into a fridge and then brought back out and microwaved.Dont be the guy who listens to his friend who has that "Hankerin' for some Tony Romas Ribs"
4	SATURDAY NIGHT SPECIALBefore we packed our Vegas bags, I commented to my husband that while there, I wanted to find a cheap lobster dinner. Some wives probably ask to be taken out to a nice lobster dinner. I wanted a nice dinner too, don't get me wrong, but I knew a cheap lobster dinner could be found and I wanted us to find it.We were there less than 48 hours when dinner found us! We had been walking around Downtown Vegas and seen signs on the Fremont Hotel for an $11.99 steak and lobster dinner. I pointed it out with excitement. Unfortunately, we weren't hungry! But....after a couple more hours strolling and dancing, our appetites caught up and it happened to be between the hours the special was being served!We had a 30 minute wait and we were not alone. The waiting area was packed! We were finally sat and our server (George) dropped off menus on his way to take another order. He returned not long after with a smile, even though I'd watched him scurry from table to table in the interim. His section was slammed and one booth was pretty impatient about not having received their bill yet. We decided we weren't in a hurry and placed identical orders (lobster and extra rare steak). I added a side dish of garlic green beans to mine.Bread service came. A plate of Promise (buttery spread) packets came with it. A serious mound of fake butter! We ate our share until the dinners arrived.I don't anything nice to say about the flat piece of steak I received, except that it was very rare and it wasn't bad dipped in butter, but mine was mostly fat. Husband ate all of his and said it was about what he expected. We both agreed the lobster was better than expected. They were tiny tails but they were tender and well-seasoned and the drawn butter coated the bites nicely. My green beans were actually terrible. Rubbery and not much garlic to be found. For the meal we received, the excellent service, and the cost, overall I would say we found a great value here!  ($28.40 total)A good server can really set the tone for the evening. George's contagious smile kept us smiling all night too.
1	The food was horrible. The steak had no flavor and was dry. My friend had ribs...which were burnt. We will not be returning.
1	Worst food, worst service. I created this Yelp account just because of this bad experience. We ordered the $11.99 steak and lobster specials. We ordered the steaks medium-rare. When the steak and lobster arrived, both steaks had large completely uncooked portions. This food passed through two points where it should have been noticed: the cooks and the server. Both neglected to notice. Then, when we cut into our steaks, we saw that they were completely raw--through and through. I should also say that the steaks were far inferior in quality and smaller than any I've ever had. They look more like beef intestines that are pressed together into an extremely thin slab. It was not even the color of steak; it was a drab gray color. It is even more amazing that the meat was not cooked, since it couldn't take more than a couple of minutes to cook these sorry excuses for steaks. Our lobster tails smelled foul, so we did not eat them. When we presented the problem to the manager, we were offered $4 off each meal. When I said that they should be refunding both meals and be happy if we don't call the health department, the manager asked "Is that a threat?" Additionally, when I went to the restroom, the manager came to our table and yelled about my not being at the table. Seriously? Is this how you treat customers? This is a ridiculous place with ridiculous service. Oh, and I almost forgot to mention their typical clientele type. I saw a guy drinking straight out of a steak sauce bottle here. In my opinion, this place needs to be shut down. I hope that no one gets seriously ill from this place's food.
4	The food was really good and it was a great experience.  A nice stop off Fremont Street.  It isn't on the strip, don't expect a strip type place.  I ordered the ribs and they were fantastic and fell off the bones.I didn't leave hungry and the bartender was amazing, making the drinks really liquored up.
1	This place SUCKS!  The food was horrible and the service was ridocuoulsly slow.  STAY AWAY
1	O.M.G.  This was the WORST dinner ever!  We got lured in by the photos and pricing of the steak and lobster 'special' but this is a truly a case of getting what you pay for!  We'd been to a Tony Roma's in CA for ribs that were excellent and thought it'd at least be halfway decent but nothing could be further from the truth.  The steak was pathetically small and overcooked.  The lobster looked and tasted like it had crawled through the desert to get to the plate.  My margarita was little more than flavored water.  The only redeeming item was the rack of ribs we ordered as a side to share.  Terrible dining experience all around - don't waste your money here when there are so many fabulous restaurants in Las Vegas!
2	TinyWe were attracted by the $11.99 steak and lobster offer so we walked in. Offer was only served for two hours between hours of 9:00p to 11:00p. This location was inside the Fremont Hotel in Fremont Street Experience so the restaurant was always crowded. We had a 20-min wait. Restaurant is not open in the mornings or lunch. They are open daily and begin serving at 4:30p.Well, what did you expect for $11.99 right... small portions of everything. 8-oz steak was small and rubbery but the 5-oz lobster tail was delicious with lots of butter. Two bites for me. I didn't eat the house veggies as it didn't look fresh and appealing. The meal also came with baked or mashed potatoes. I think bread was served also before the meal, I can't remember. The service was slow but it wasn't our server's fault, the restaurant was just too packed, but she was nice and friendly.
2	Disappointed. One of my favorite things to eat here is the sourdough bread with garlic butter and this tony romas didn't offer it. Not only did they not offer it but the server had no idea what it even was. He said he never heard of it. Sometimes it's the little things that counts. The place was overly loud especially by this one group of folks that were drunk. No one wanted to say anything. When I got outside I heard other customers complaining how they couldn't wait to get out because it was so loud. Just sad. Food was just "ok".
1	We came for the &11.99 steak and lobster dinner and the steak was horrible (I know I know it's $11.99 for steak and lobster, can't expect much) but it was really BAD!!! Service was shitty and not worth the wait
1	We used to go to a Tony Roma's in Camarillo. It was wonderful. This is the 3rd time we have gone to this restaurant in the Fremont Casino in about as many years. It get worse each year. The food was okay but for the price we could have gone to Sizzler and had a better meal and experience. It was so packed with tables and loud parties it was not enjoyable. You have to weave through the tables and patrons to get to your table.  They dropped our silverware, wrapped in a paper, napkin on the table when they sat us.The waiter brought us water, in plastic "Pepsi" glasses with a straw, then took our order and never came back until the food came out and I had to ask for bread. Luckily the "butter" (promise margarine in single packs) was already on the table.We won't be going back. It is too bad. I would think that Tony Roma's Chain would have a standard of service that the customer could rely on for all of their restaurants.
1	Too busy.   Too few servers.   Ribeyes. Med well instead med rare and nobody cares.    $23 of dog food I guess.
3	Well, I don't know what folks get a big two star about? This is Vegas downtown and I have been to many Tony Roma's across the country. The Vegas Brand is a Loser Lounge, which acts as a restaurant for a good meal, drinks are great, but food needs a little imagination to go with it. Yea, a Lobster all the way from Maine and a low end section of the cow to make the most cheapest meal with the little bit of winnings you got left. I know after beating those Texans at the table they ain't gonna give me their best piece of meat?I find the staff friendly but slow, there are a lot of Roma fans from all over the country and the advertised $11.99 is a way of gettin em in there! This is one of the few places in Vegas that does not serve Ice cube drinks (75% ice Cube-5% liquor). Downtown is loosing it's seediness and getting like 42nd street New York? So if you are one of the few to make it in for the $11.99 deal tack it up as a dinning experience :-)
1	Horrible service. Was given a number like at a meat deli. Not a pager, not a phone call or text. Then since when we walked in we could hear numbers being called out thought we would hear them call us on the casino floor, Wrong! We were given #60. Didn't hear them call a number for 30 mins. Then went back and were told out number was called then past. We ended up taking another number #8 and waiting another 30-45 mins. Food was ok at best. Better to just go to Costco and make them yourself. Go check out my photo of the bucket of empty Promises. Lol! This place is a joke for the money you could spend at a better more professional place.
4	Went here for dinner. The food was good and it came at a reasonable price. This meal was a good value. Plus it is right on Freemont Street with all of the lights.
2	Visiting old part of vegas during their Motor Bike Fest was a bad idea lol...Jammed packed line up past the door, Tony Roma's was the food place to be! located across from the Golden Nugget.The service was an overall 2/5, there was mass confusion at first as we had three different servers coming to us.Sampler platter 3.5/5Potato skins with bacon, cheddar was delightful.  The wings were nice and spicy!!! and their mozarella sticks were pretty yum.Prime Rib: $8.95 special 3/5 which included baked potatos and veggies.  Presentation was there, however not the best prepared...overall this place was grungy, and quite noisy. Though this place wont break your wallet in terms of price, but you;ll have to sacrifice the service and quality.  HOWEVER this place was packed....
3	This place has the longest wait time to eat. Then you go to a table and they are quick with the drinks, but take forever for anything else. This is by far the craziest place ever.
3	I see a lot of pissing and moaning about this place like people are expecting a 5 star eating experience. You get what you pay for. If you're going for the $12 Steak/Lobster, don't go expecting a fancy huge steak and a huge lobster tail. Also don't expect that you're going to be the only person with an inside desire for this. Hello, this is Vegas!Regardless of if you're here for the special or the regular menu, you're given a paper number. For those complaining about such, remember that this is Vegas. Lots of drunk people, young 21s etc who've probably walked off with the digital pagers etc. thinking it'd make a great souvenir.It was about a 20 minute wait time for the regular crowd. Dunno about the special crowd for the steak/lobster, as we came about an hour before they did. And they don't give out numbers for that special until around 15-20 minutes before they open for such.The wait wasn't too bad but as others have said, it gets so busy in this place that wait time on food and/or drinks can be horrendous at times.Not the worst experience but definitely not great either.
2	This has been the worst dinner I had at this place I know I came for the special, but we order a well done steak and it came out in like  3  minutes super dry and over cooked and service was not good at all
1	Terrible steaks and sub-par ribs.  Avoid this place!!!!  Out of 17 of us, no one had a good meal. We complained and the offered to fix our steaks, but they came back even worse.  We complained to the manager and all they would do is offer a dessert.  We did not accept.
2	This place was on the poor side of mediocre, mostly due to lack of service. Just when we were about to just leave because no waiter had come to our table for 20 minutes, he shows up... And he visited the table twice more to give us our food and our check. The food was alright; everything was just a little overlooked and dry, though the prime rib was fine and a decent deal at $8.99 for their happy hour.
1	Normally I'm a fan of Tony Roma's, but this night, they failed miserably to live up to even the most basic standards of the chain.  Why?  They were understaffed, the meat was over cooked, and they even managed to mess up the baked potatoes.  In over 20 years of coming to Las Vegas, this was undoubtedly the worst meal I have ever had in the state of Nevada.  Tony Roma would be rolling over in his grave if he knew how bad this place was.  And if Tony Roma is still alive, eating at this place would probably give him a heart attack and that would put him in his grave.  Then, he can roll in it.  Seriously, this place was truly awful.If you look at most of my reviews, most are very positive because I enjoy going out. But this time, I felt compelled to spread the word and warn others.  The buffet in the Fremont Hotel and Casino is much better.
1	The food was awful. The service was just as bad. I would never, ever go back there. Waste of money.
1	Worst service of my life on my husband's birthday.This place truly sucks. I asked if they did anything for birthdays and said no not really. Which means "I'm lazy and won't do anything" worthless place and worthless service
5	This place is great. I eat here all the time. The food is always tasty and the service is fast and friendly. I recently had a company event catered here and everyone ate good and enjoyed the atmosphere. The staff showed us some great hospitality and we all enjoyed our evening together. The baby back ribs fall off the bone and the steaks are just as delicious. I would recommend this place to all my friends and family:)
1	This was the worst customer I have ever received. The manager was very rude and unprofessional.
4	The reason I'm giving this eatery 4 stars, is that I'm calling it a great deal for Fast and Delicious Food.We were on our way to the Coffee Shop when I heard the P.A. Announcement calling out names for tables at Tony Roma's.  As we were passing the entrance, I noticed the sign for the $8.99 Prime Rib Dinner Special.  We looked at each other and said why not!It was a very popular special so we had a 10 minute wait.  However, once we we were seated at our table, immediately water and menus appeared.  We both opted for the special and ordered after our waitress delivered our glasses of wine.  Within seven or eight minutes, our Prime Rib Dinner Special was placed before us.  It came complete with Baked Potato and Steamed Mixed Vegetables.  Au Jus, Creamy Horseradish and sour cream was also provided.It was done perfectly, medium-rare, juicy and tender!  For $8.99, fast friendly service at a table and all while spending only 40 minutes time, Tony Roma's beat any Fast Food counter or Coffee Shop.
1	Allow me to jump over the food review and skip to the end of my visit to where I was surrounded by security guards, the restaurant manager, and the casino manager. They were ineptly attempting to figure out how to handle an irate customer (me). As you can see, this was not a pleasant experience at a well-run establishment. Nope, it was a horrible evening at a piece of shit crap factory. Now back to the beginning...THE ORDER: I ordered the ribeye with garlic mashed potatoes, garlic green beans, and added a lobster tail. My wife ordered the same, except with the sirloin. One daughter had a sirloin, and the other had a chicken panini with soup.THE QUALITY: My daughters' meals were alright. The lobster was alright. The mashed potatoes and green beans were alright. My steak and my wife's steak were NOT alright. The ribeye was ALL FAT. Okay, that's an exaggeration. I was able to find approximately 4 bites on it that I was able to eat. The rest was fat, and I could not eat it. I have attached a picture of it. I understand that ribeye is a fattier cut of meat. It is one of my favorites. It is the cut I get every time I eat steak. This steak was not a cut that should have been served to anybody.My wife's sirloin was inedible due to chewiness. I don't have a picture of hers, but just imagine a piece of meat with 5 bites taken out of it, and all 5 bites spit back onto the plate.THE COMPLAINT: I asked a server to speak with the manager. About 4 minutes later a guy walks up, and asks what the problem is. I tell him that my ribeye is inedible due to the amount of fat. He simply says, "okay" and walks away. The table of 4 just seated next to us overhear this and ask about the bad steak. I show them my food and they are immediately interested in the goings-on.THE ESCALATION: About 3 minutes later the pompous Japanese manager reappears and says, "I will remove the lobster from your bill". I pick up the uneaten steak and say, "How about you remove this from the bill. I can't eat it". He goes into an explanation of how they receive the meat and cut it there, and the cut you get is the cut you get. I then pick up the steak and tell him, "You need to tell your cooks that when they pick up a cut of meat like this, do not cook it. Throw it out. Do not serve it to a customer". I said "This piece of meat is shit". He told me if I speak to him like that, he is going to leave the entire bill with NO reductions and make me pay the whole thing. I say, "F*#$ YOU". He says "Okay, here's your whole bill. Pay it". I place it on the floor and tell him "That's where it's going to stay. I'm not paying it". He says "I'm going to call casino security". I tell him "Alright". The table of 4 just seated next to us witness all of this and get up and leave, saying that they can't believe a restaurant would treat a customer like that.We watch the pompous Japanese restaurant manager walk to the hostess booth and use the telephone. A few minutes later two guys from casino security show up as well as the casino manager.THE RESOLUTION: My wife decides to jump in and save the day. I take our daughters and stand in the lobby area in order to remove myself from the situation. My wife listens as pompous Japanese manager tells casino manager that I devoured all the food on my plate, then screamed profanities at him in an attempt to get a free meal. None of that is true. She walks the casino manager to our table and shows him our plates of food. He then instructs the restaurant to remove our steaks from the bill and tells my wife that I am banned in the future.THE VERDICT: This restaurant is a fine establishment with excellent food and an extremely courteous staff is what I WOULD say if it were true. Unfortunately, this is a piece of crap excuse for a restaurant serving garbage on a plate with a staff who make Hitler look like a fun play date. My wife says she would have rather dumpster dived for her meal. DO NOT EAT HERE. I can't emphasize that enough. DO NOT EAT HERE. But DO stop in briefly and tell the pompous Japanese manager "Hee Haw" because he is a total donkey. I will send a special gift to anybody who goes in, says "Hee Haw" to the pompous Japanese manager, and reports it on this review.
1	I wish there was a 0 star... From the minute you walk in the hostess is rude the bartender Kim was even ruder... The food is less than 0 stars... Not sure how they can put the name Tony Roma's on this junk ....
1	Went here when we got in town. Everything was old or frozen or just not fresh I was told good food it so wasnt. Waitress was rude had no sense of customer service we were pretty much abandoned worst service and wasnt even busy.
1	This place should be closed!I took a girlfriend there...I was very hesitate as the casino itself looks cruddy. My friend ordered the steak and lobster for $11.99, the waiter told us the deal started at 9pm...we needed to wait another 15 min. We ordered the kickin shrimp...it was soggy and looked disgusting. We sent it back.  Then some Maxwell Smart looking dude came to our table...not to discuss the shrimp order we returned but to inform us we could not be seated before 9pm to order the lobster special. We got that resolved by the manager. My friends steak which was ordered medium rare was well done. That was returned to get the same thing. Finally, she said she would try to eat it...we just wanted to leave.  As she was cutting this dry tough steak, it flared to the ground.  You do NOT want to go here
1	Literally the worse meal I have ever had in Vegas....ever.I reaaalllly wish I had looked up the Yelp rating before we ended up here, but we were hungry and my phone wasn't working, and it is a chain, so I thought, how bad can it be? Mistake #1Mistake #2? Ordering the lobster...I know, I know, ridiculous to think I would get decent lobster here, but my husband knows I love it and again, I thought, how bad can it be? BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD First of all it was 22.99 and I swear the two lobster tails were each the size of my husbands finger. If they hadn't come attached to shells, I would have thought they were large shrimp. They looked terrible, but I was so hungry, so I gave it a shot. First one, WAY WAY overcooked, took two bites to finish the whole tail. Second one? Took one bite and thought "I am going to be throwing up tonight" It was horrific, and made my stomach lurch immediately, so no finishing that one. While the lobster was definitely the defining bad moment of dinner, I will also add that I asked for garlic mashed potatoes instead of baked potato, got baked potato, had to ask for the mashed and once they came my stomach was so rocky from the lobster, I couldn't eat much, but they were pretty salty and not that great. Also asked for rolls, three times, finally got them and frankly that was about all I ate just to have something on my stomach. Sooo, the best thing I can say is, I did not end up sick that night, which I feel is some kind of a miracle given what that lobster tasted like. I guess I will add that my husband's burger was fine, so there is that I suppose, but I refuse to give more than one star to this place. The staff was nice, but incredibly slow and like I mentioned above, screwed up my order and really didn't want to bring those rolls. Dinner was $50 and I am still insanely irritated that we even paid it. I should have talked to a manager, but we just wanted to get the heck out of there and try to salvage the rest of our night. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT eat here. You could pick up a candy bar from the store down the street and have a better dinner.
1	Dropped in for a quick dinner.  The seating by the staff was rude and just herding cattle.  We sat down. .... had our silver ware when someone walked by and slammed two more sets down without saying a word.  Then we asked for bread , oh my the way NO BUTTER unless you request it.  . The .steak ordered appeared to have been grilled and then microwaved on a plate.  The waiter then asks how every thing is.  Wrong question.  He became confrontational AND offered to have the chef speak to us.  Then the manager is brought into the fray. His response. .... go to the corporate website and tell them.  These was the worst meal out in a long long long time.  Do yourself s favor pay attention to yelp. ... do not spend your money or time in this place. ...disgusting
1	The fact that I was drunk and said that service was bad, goes to show it was truly awful. Their business page on yelp said they close at 11 pm. We walk in at 10:30 pm and the host asks how many people re in our party. We say 5 and his response was "if nothing opens up in 30 minutes we can't serve you." Umm wtf kind of crap is that? So many things wrong with that answer.1. You close at 11, not 1030!!!2. Why even ask how many people if you're not even going to serve us?3. We saw about 4 open tables. Why not sit us there?4. Way to be accommodating to paying customers. I'm sure it's awesome for business.Unfortunately, we were seated. Our server was pleasant enough. I didn't eat anything since I had eaten earlier, but my friends said the food tasted old. I know for sure we won't be back.Go somewhere else for better service and food!
4	My husband & I were very satisfied with our steak & lobster dinner. My husband liked his steak a little more than I did. That's only because I'm more of a prime rib person. It came with a large baked potato and corn. The desert was the perfect ending. Pick any 3 for $8. We had a brownie with ice cream, warm apple tart with ice cream and a chocolate chip cookie with ice cream all delicious. Although there was a lot of people we only had to wait 20-25 min for seating we had a great waitress and the food came out fast.  Definitely worth a try if your looking for steak & lobster dinner under $15. Then the outside entertainment on Fremont St made our night.
1	One of the worst places I have eaten at. The potato wasn't cooked/was very hard. The hamburger meat looked like was 2 weeks old. The baby back ribs came in two pieces. One of them was good/bbq, the other one i guess used a different sauce- it sucked and the meat was hard!If you want to enjoy american food, go somewhere else!!
1	$12.99 steak and lobster caught our attention...BIG MISTAKE!  The steak was the toughest piece of meat I ever have had!  And mine was medium rare! Go to ELLIS ISLAND for their steak special for $8.99. All the locals go there and so will we whenever we're in town!
1	While Tony Roma's has gone through some drastic changes over the last five to six years or so and their availability is much sparser, it is unacceptable to visit this Tony Roma's on Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas, EVER! While the food was acceptable at best, our interaction with the "vermin" in the restaurant was not quite what we expected after five adults and four kids consumed their dinner. There were roaches crawling on the walls inside of the restaurant behind where we were sitting after we ate our meals! We requested a manager to discuss what we had seen and it took him almost 20 minutes to respond to our table. At this point my party and I were moving out of the table since the children were beginning to get ill from seeing the roaches in the first place. The supervisor apologized and mentioned that he was in a meeting and was unable to respond. I think a roach inside of the restaurant demands your immediate and delicate attention. He offers to discount our meal five to ten dollars to which I get much more disgusted since I just handed the server 25 dollar tip since his service was great and our intention was to pay our bill in the first place. After discussing for over 20 minutes that he cannot help us anymore we pay our fair share of the bill and leave. A fair warning, do not eat this Tony Roma's. I was surprised to see that the last timer the Clark County Health Inspectors visited this location was 09/23/2012. DISGUSTING!
1	No no. No no no..... turn back while you can... im visiting las vegas for a trip this was the first place we stopped for dinner after eating mcdonalds all day ugh..... anyways I wanted something good but I foolishly didn't read the reviews.. I was only attracted to the price abd you get what you pay for I had steak and lobster,obster was fine but steak potatoes were nasty and tough with no flavor I was shaking salt on my food with every bite also I asked for medium rare they gave me rare a friend asked for medium well they gave her medium rare and another asked for well done and they gave her medium... maybe the lingo is different since I From maryland but overall didnt like it at all the kicken shrimpbasl had no flavor  it tasted like plain shrimp and the kixed vegatable looked like canned mixed vegis but now that I think about it most of the food seemed like the microwave kinds seriously wondering if theres an actual kitchen in that place or just a George forman grill
1	We tried to eat at Tony Roma's on Friday evening and the service was so bad we ended up leaving. When we checked in we were told it would be a 15-20 minute wait. After 40 minutes my wife checked with the host and he said he called our number a long time ago ( no buzzers, they give you a card with a number on it). Considering we were sitting 6 feet from the host stand, we knew he did not call our number.  We also heard him explain to another employee (manager?) that he already sat our number.  Regardless, he ended up seating us 5 minutes later, no apology for messing up. After sitting for over 10 minutes without anyone coming over for our drink order, we left. As we left we one of the employees made a snide remark. Terrible experience!
1	This is the first time I've been to Tony Roma's in Las Vegas.  Being from So Cal, there are several around but haven't ate at one for several years.  Now I know why.We ate at the Las Vegas-Fremont location on 8/28 for dinner only because we were invited by our friends that LOVE this restaurant and make it a tradition to go here when they visit Las Vegas.  There were eight of us.  It was about 5:30 and not crowded.  We were seated in a few minutes.Service was fair.  Server was courteous and efficient.I ordered the Baby Back Ribs Tony Roma size at $19.  Got cole slaw and a baked potato.I asked for spicy sauce.The ribs were below average and not very meaty, sauce was not spicy at all.  Baked potato and cole slaw was fair.We were given some bread.  It was dry.  The butter they offer is not butter but very small "Promise"  margarine containers in a basket!  Are you kidding?  It took me about five containers for my baked potato and two for my roll.Butter should be on the plate in a container with the sour cream(got this).  Margarine should be an option for those that don't use butter.In summary, Tony Roma's is a below average overpriced restaurant.  There are many other restaurants in this city.  Don't waste your time.
1	Cannot recommend this place. We were doing the Fremont street experience and a bartender recommended this place. The place looked packed and there was a wait, usually a good sign, right? Plus I love ribs!This dining experience was horrible! Our server was rude and she clearly is in the wrong job. Tips not so great hon? Polish up that resume sweetheart, Cuz working for tips is surely not gonna pay YOUR rent.Ribs were served barely Luke warm, tender but flavorless. Microwaved fake "baked" potatoes that were undercooked. Margarine instead of butter in tiny plastic containers that were impossible to scoop out. Rude waitress said they did not have butter knives to scoop out the crappy margarine. Finally used the other end of fork to get the fake butter out. But what was the point to go through all that effort to put it on a hard potato that you could not eat. I could have put it on the stale rolls, but why bother, as we were not gonna eat those stale rolls anyway.We did not know whether to laugh or cry. We took our uneaten meal in to go containers and gave it to a homeless guy. I felt bad passing on that meal to the poor unsuspecting soul.Avoid this place like the plague.
2	I've eaten here about 6 times now.  Every trip to Vegas we get steak, and the lobster tail at Tony Roma's.  After this last trip, we decided we're done with the place.  The food and service just isn't there anymore.  Steaks have turned tough and dry (medium rare) and the lobster tail is more like the size of a large shrimp.  The staff is only interested in getting you in and back OUT as quickly as possible.Disappointing...
1	Ewww is how I felt about the food when it hit our table. My boyfriend order a chicken spinach dish. The vegetables was old looking and tasted like it was freezer burned. The spinach concoction looked mike my Jr. High science experiment on decomposition, and the chicken was like rubber. The steak dinner was overpriced and just nasty. The customer service was great though, but not enough to make up for the awful food.
2	First off, we waited 20 minutes for a table and the hostess was not very friendly about the special that she had rudely let us know was already over for the night. We were seated in an awkward place, right smack middle of the restaurant and the center of the place, also right next to another couple. Not comfortable seating at all! A positive of the situation was that once we were seated we were greeted by Pamela who was very pleasant, nice and good at her job. We were disappointed that the menu was on the small side of choices and they did not have Prime Rib as an option on Saturday night. Boo. Be mindful that this is an okay option for dinner if you are staying around there but do not count on it for more than that.
2	I was terribly disappointed.  I first ate at Tony Roma's in Florida 38 years ago.  Since then have eaten countless times at various locations in So Calif; and more recently in both Queens & Rockland County, NY and always enjoyed the meal.  We only moved to Vegas last month, and this was the first time we tried Tony Roma's in Vegas and never will again.  The hostess was sloppy, the busboy took my date's request for water and left the table without even acknowledging me.  The waitress was either very busy or lazy because AFTER she brought our salads, I HAD to request bread -- then on her next trip to the table, we repeated our request, and she finally brought it after our entrees.  The salad was very disappointing, and the ribs were worse.  Not only that but the hotel was doing some cleaning work (at 5pm) and it was a terribly long walk to the restrooms because the direct path was blocked off (the restaurant staff didn't think this was inconvenient for customers).
2	You get what you pay for. It is a dump in a dumpy place. Food was ok if your expectations are set by the cheap prices. If you expect food good you will be disappointed. Think "bad diner" and you have the correct food barometer.
3	Tony Roma's isn't like it use to be.  there was a wait but not long at all. The protions  seem a little small and the taste is just ok.  The waiter did his best to accomodate everyone.  there's a lot of people that seem to come to this Tony Roma's since it is Downtown Fremont Expereince area. . So we were pretty packed in.
2	ate at this place for christmas dinner and it was a horrible experience! service was terrible, especially with the manager ( don't wanna rant her out but the name started with an M) who apparently does NOT know how to do her job! name a place that brings out all the orders at once, not when they get made?!? who!! and at least 20 or more minutes for a small pile of chicken for a salad?!?! let me tell ya something manager, it does not take at least 20 minutes to cook chicken unless ya want it dry! i know since i work at a restaurant myself and we serve more chicken than that!it was terrible and food wasn't even that great. not coming again for sure
