3	I'm big on supporting local business owners to the fullest, but I'm also honest with my reviews.  Jester's location is tough as is since the storefront is facing an airport and next door is a motorcycle shop and a MVD registration.  However, the good side is that it's the only Mexican restaurant within a 1 to 2 miles radius!  Most other places around the area are sandwich and burger shops.  The shop itself is very new -- matter of fact; think I was their first Yelper.  The decor to me is kind of cheesy with a Jester mascot in a jeep baja and the walls were splashed with some comical quotes of the day.  Needless, to say I wasn't here for that.I ordered the 2 taco combo; my buddies ordered the cheese quesadilla and a beef burrito.  Fresh ingredients and made to your order, that's a plus in my opinion. However, my corn tortilla tacos were okay.  I thought overall it was pretty plain.  I had a beef and pork taco and there were no seasoning or spice except topped with your choice of sides.  I just had the pico de gallo, lettuce, and hot sauce.  Truthfully, the sauce was mild at best.  Nothing really popped on my plate.  My buddies thought their dishes were excellent.  I was told the burrito was real tasty and the cheese quesadilla was awesome!  Needless, to say I'm the one telling the story - wink!  Service is real relaxed and inviting.  I think the owners of the place worked hard to get this place up and running.  Their welcoming and position attitude is much appreciated! - Enjoy!
5	Love eating here. Great fresh ingredients and always greeted with a smile.
1	When I am being lazy and don't really care about what I am shoving down my gullet I head down to the local super market and grab the following: Pork butt ( I then boil it in unseasoned water), canned black beans, clearance special leaf lettuce, store brand artificial cheese, roma tomatoes, and rice-a-roni  spanish rice, as well as some off-brand chips.... and some tomato sauce.I get home have a few beers, cook the pork for 5 hours in boiling water, and then I throw all of the listed ingredients in a bowl and chow down.... at this point not caring about flavor, seasoning, or overall enjoyment from the meal other than to just plain eat.If you like to get this type of food fast and from a restaurant! Go to Jester's. They are really killing it. Ragu based 'hot sauce', and the food city label to match. Do yourselves a favor and start buying your pork cooked at Food City, it will be a exponential improvement. I am pretty sure that when the statistics come out concerning restaurants and their 90% failure rate..... Jester's is the type of place they are talking about.Start over. Seriously fellas...... Better get back to the drawing board.... People do not want what they can make themselves! That is the whole point of going out to eat... Set yourselves apart by doing something different and have someone to come in there to show you some good recipes. Would hate to see you fail but with this type of food, in this area, doom is in your near future if you dont get it together!Love,Concerned Local Citizen and Mexican Food Connoisseur.
5	I stopped in and had lunch today. Had the burrito with a mix of chicken and steak. It was delicious! Everything was fresh and the right amount of heat. The burrito was so big I don't think that I'll need to have dinner. Definitely will be back!
4	Great food, very fast and for the price it is a must stop by and try!
5	Great food even better service!
5	I love this place. Mom and Pop business where they'll customize your plate with a lot of food for the money.
4	I am a fan. I usually wait for a few visits before I review just so I do not pass along un-trusting reviews. Well Jesters is much better then the reviews let up. The food is fresh and well made. The place is clean and the service is spot on. I had a burrito, filled with meat, beans, cheese, and killer hot salsa. (I was having stuffed head syndrome that day) Man was it good. The second time I had the ground beef enchilada's. While it seems really boring the meal was great. The flavor just kinda melted together in a symphony of yum. If you live/work near by stop in....tell em Daren C sent ya. If you don't like it tell em Nick B sent ya. LOL
4	Yay, I'm a fan. I'm a sucker for carnitas tacos and I sure did enjoy their tacos. The owner and staff are friendly and will customize your dish. I asked for Jalapenos for my taco and had about 10 Jalapenos put on to each of my tacos. A skosh too many but I turned the proverbial lemon into lemonade when I scouped up my Jalpenos with the nacho chips to give a little kick to the chips. The prices are reasonable and the seating is plentiful and inviting, they even have TV'S.
4	Vibrantly painted walls with circus patterns and jester hats & faces greet you at Jester's, along with a friendly welcome from the gentlemen running the show behind the counter. (NOTE: If you have an evil clown phobia, one of the paintings may be borderline, but just remember these are jesters, not clowns. Clowns are sad men who pretend to be happy in order to make you laugh because you feel sorry for them. Pitiful.Jesters performed out of fear for their life, though. They weren't pretending, it was genuine and real. So real that if they weren't any good....KCHXXXSZ   "OFF WITH HIS HEAD! That's Brave. Big difference.)You'll find a small but solid assortment of fixin's for your fully customized burrito, tacos, enchiladas, taco salad, or whatever you'd like to make from the ingredients they have, apparently!In burrito form, both the chunked chicken and shredded carnitas pork were quite good. The meat is grilled fresh and simply seasoned, giving folks a chance to add heat from outside sources as desired. Considering the demographic of far north phoenix that Jester's serves, this is a much better idea than serving meat that is overspiced from the start. The mild fire roasted salsa was also quite mild. ( a hotter version is offered, no worries ) When i mentioned to my brother that it's flavor remined me in some way of a batch of salsa that i tried to make myself once, he asked "is that a good or a bad thing?" Well, it's not a bad thing, but although i rather enjoyed it's tasty flavor -- which tasted to me as if it may have red pepper pureed into it somehow, but i could be wrong -- i will say that this mild salsa's flavorful, interesting taste is different enough from what most people are used to that it may get some criticism for that. i enjoyed it.  I didn't taste the hotter red version this time, but their Verde tomatillo salsa was absolutely delicious - tangy with a roasted mild kick to it. I will enjoy trying some other menu items at Jester's. Carnitas tacos sounds like a good short term goal. I believe I will achieve it. I was trying to bring a tie back to the jester story here, but saying that i'd come back out of bravery or out of fear for my life, as opposed to pity, would seriously convey the entirely wrong idea! Go to Jesters, like i will go back, because of the good food and friendly service. No better reason needed. At the risk of getting my head cuttoff by the king, that's no joke. ~*KCHXXXSZ *~
3	I was really looking forward to eating here due to the recommendation of a coworker who knows what's up. Unfortunately I'm going to have to give it a 3 star "meh"...for now. The place is like a mom-n-pop Chipotle; you choose your meat and they build a taco/burrito etc. to your liking with their fixings. I had a carne asada burrito, it was tasty but it was cold. I've experienced this same problem at Chipotle and I assume it's due to the misuse of their steam tables. The chips and salsa that are included with each order were very good, and so are the prices and their service. The place is new, so I'll have to give this place another go and see if they've got some of the kinks worked out.
5	Pork burrito with green salsa. I'm coming back for this. Coke in a glass bottle. AwesomeVery clean food and kitchen. The owner washed his hands then wore gloves.
4	Went here last week with a co worker and this was really good! Like other users have posted it's a mom and pop Chipotle, but better. I had a chicken burrito with sour cream, guac, chicken, rice, pinto beans and the mild salsa on the side. The chicken was very tender and had a great flavor. The staff and owner were very friendly and very helpful in explaining the pricing, combo's, etc. Will be back again very soon.
5	I eat here almost everyday. I own DCR Title and Registration which is next door. Fresh ingredients and I can have my burrito the way I want it. It's like the Subway of Mexican food. You tell them how you want it. The staff is always friendly and great prices.
3	I had the 2 taco combo, a ground beef and pork taco to be exact.  The ground beef wasn't bad but it didn't have a lot of flavor. To pork taco was really good though, it was really tender and wasn't over seasoned. I didn't really care for the rice, the beans tasted like they came out of a can... but good canned beans at least. I had the red roasted chile and chips too. The chips were great, really thin and crispy. The chile needed a little salt and was fine. I will go back but just for the pork i think, if i just had pork tacos i would have given them 4 stars.
5	Nice, quick, assembly-line style Mexican grill (like chipotle and qdoba). I hope this place stays open because it's great having casual quick food so close other than subway.
4	good food, a lil pricey for the portions but def has good flavor and the staff is super nice. I will be returning.
3	This place is average at best. Very friendly atmosphere and very friendly staff make up for the lack of imagination when it comes to the food. Like another reviewer stated this is a spin off of chipotle. Being from Texas I am a Mexican food snob and this place does not hold up. I would come here if I were in the area but it's not good enough to make a trip especially for here. In the end, it will make a turd.
4	In Fear of new Mexican places and running to the bathroom 30-45 minutes after a Meal, I was hesitant to try out Jesters,, I was driving by and thought a "GOOD" chicken Quesadilla would suffice for lunch... On Entry, this place is immaculately CLEAN, seriously.. Nice Job. I arrived a tad early, 10:40 as they were still setting up for the day. When I Ordered, I was told the chicken wasn't ready yet, but other options available,, grr, but then one option was Red Chili Beef... Hmm, ok, since the Tamales i got on Christmas SUCKED, I could use a good fix of Red Chili Meat... SO got that to go.. Red Chili Beef Quesadilla. Preparation, consistent as they prepare in front of you, Flavors on the meat, Juicy, Tender, n flavorful.. Wow,, don't think I will EVER get the chicken version again.. The guy running the show was VERY courteous, and polite. Will be back there SOON to try more options,, Great first impression guys !!FYI: 45 min later, no urge to run to the nearest bathroom... A++
5	I will never go to another Bertos brothers establishment again for a breakfast burrito. These are fresh made and not greasy at all! Plus they let you pick more than one meat, my husband's favorite combo is bacon and chorizo. I'd like to try their other menu items but the breakfast burrito is so darn delicious!
5	My favorite place for lunch with my little man Rhett!! Best loaded Nachos in Phoenix!! Hands UP!! Super fast friendly service!!
5	I love this place. Friendly and the food is super tasty. Breakfast burritos! Salsas are awesome. Staff is warm and welcoming. Just found out that they were robbed yesterday. I am so sorry guys. That is just horrible. Sending much love and light to all of you and your families. Wishing you a speedy recovery. Please keep us posted. True Fan!!Anthony
