5	I just visited this super fun frozen yogurt shop today and I am totally in LOVE!  It is self-serve frozen yogurt that you add your own toppings to.  They have a bunch of flavors to pick from, so you can mix and match.  They also have loads of fresh fruit, chocolate, sprinkles and even mochi & red bean paste to put on your delish frozen yogurt.  After you pick out everything you want, they weigh it and charge you per ounce.  It is a really fun place to go, and it tasted great!I had pineapple, mango and strawberry fro-yo topped with fresh pineapple, mango, coconut, mochi and kiwi.  A word to describe?  Scrumdiddlyumptious!
5	I am far too obsessed with this place. It has cute seating and the yogurt is delicious. I mostly veer towards the original/California tart and green tea. I top with blueberries (antioxidants!), mango, kiwi, mochi, and/or shredded coconut. Beware of the large cups and the desire to fill the entire thing!! After the first time, I learned my lesson and now I usually leave with a $2-$3 cup of yogurt that satisfies completely!
4	This place is fairly new and of course is working out new business kinks. They have had the upstairs "under-construction" for a very very long time, so long that I am starting to think they will never open it. So there are never any tables available to sit at. I love the chocolate / peanut butter / banana combo with reese's cups, mmm yummy! Prices aren't that bad considering places like cold-stone who are very expensive. I like that you do it yourself, but I would like to see some new flavors added.
4	At the risk of sounding mildly like a snob, it's far more pleasant to see some things filter down to central Illinois from the coasts than others.Skinny jeans and pseudo-Palestinian scarves?  No thanks.Asian-style frozen yogurt places?  Yeah, that's pretty good.In Southern California, frozen yogurt shops tend to come in two different types:  You have the red mango or pinkberry style which have one or two flavours of yogurt that are very high quality with premium mix-ins.  Then you have other places like Yogurt World in San Diego that feature massive amounts of slightly lesser grade quality frozen yogurt but offer a hojillion flavour options and roughly eleven thousand mix-ins (including a plethora of healthy fruits and not-so healthy comfort sweets).Cocomero is definitely the latter.  I like what they've done with the space previous occupied by Moonstruck, and they've made it brighter and more inviting.  The upstairs is nice, but they *do* need to fix the downstairs restroom eventually.  The flavours range from the standard tarts to the bit more flavor-specific (peanut butter, mint, blueberry), and are available to your greedy lactose-lovin' heart's content.  That said, step back and take a breath before you run in, oh you uninitiated yogurt consumer.  They give you a gigantic size cup--THIS DOES NOT MEAN YOU HAVE TO FILL IT ALL.  Nor does it mean that you have to fill it with *every yogurt*.  Then you'll have a Flat Top Grill-style self-created disaster on your hands.  Take your time, choose wisely and make sure to get some add-ins.  Also, remember, they charge you by weight.** Maybe you don't want 8,000 ounces of yogurt today, as your snack will become both calorific and a bit expensive for what you get.Overall, Cocomero has friendly and efficient staff, the place is bright and clean, and the space is inviting.  It's well worth it to beat the heat this summer/fall.  Just don't lose your damn mind people with your massive bucket of sixteen yogurt flavours and eighty-seven add-ons that cost you $12.  Unless, you really want to.  Then, um, knock yourself out.------------------------**The yogurt's weight, not your own.  Don't hyperventilate.
4	"It's healthy for ya!"Just remember, everything's relative =PAll but their peanut butter frozen yogurt is fat-free, and they even have a few dairy free selections.  Therefore... healthy!  Haha.  Well, when it's either frozen yogurt, or super rich and fattening Coldstone.... =P  Plus, I loooove the colorful, playful decor of Cocomero.  It just makes me happy!  They charge by the ounce, and you get the choice of a bunch of toppings like fresh strawberries, bananas, kiwi, peach, etc. cookie dough bits, cheesecake cubes, brownie chunks, just a lot of goodness that quickly turns a "healthy" dessert into a mounding heap of awesomeness.Oh, and they're open late!  I came back from an evening at Iron Post, maybe around... 11 or so on a Friday night, and was shocked to see that Cocomero was still opening and packed!  True, it wasn't 2 in the morning when people are craving drunk food, but I had fully expected Cocomero to have been closed for the night.  My friend and I decided that it was sign... we had to stop by and get some (I had been craving sweets all night).Be forewarned: this place is addicting!
3	This is definitely something I wouldn't have expected to find in central Illinois at all. Coming from Los Angeles, this is more of the average yogurt place to me. The yogurt here isn't as rich and creamy as those offered by Red Mango and Pinkberry that are big in LA. Of course, Cocomero has more choices of flavor and charges by the ounce. You don't have to fill up the entire cup unless you can actually eat that much yogurt :O more power to you.If you're here in Illinois and curious as to what high quality yogurt tastes like, I recommend trying Red Mango in Chicago. They also have a few locations in the suburbs. You might not think of cocomero the same way afterwords.If you happen to like the cocomero style with a variety of flavors and happen to be in LA for whatever reason, I definitely recommend Nubi Yogurt in LA. Same style as Cocomero: self-serve, lots of flavors, charge by the ounce.Of course being from LA and having enjoyed Pinkberry and Red mango, I might be pretty biased against Cocomero :)
5	Great flavors, great toppings. I always stick to the "tart" flavors, plain, California, mango, etc., and usually get mine topped with fruit. The only thing I don't like is that it's "self-serve".... So many people not washing their hands, touching the machines, etc. Ahh well.  The tart frozen yogurt is delicious and a healthy addiction! The prices are high too.... But that's typical of other tart fro-yo places; apparently the mix is pretty expensive compared to the 80's style fro-yo.
4	"We have 4 minutes until the next quarter starts...wanna run to Cocomero?"This place is fantastic. Honestly, it's a good thing it popped up right before I graduated, otherwise I probably would've gone there several times a week for four years straight. My favorites were the espresso and peanut butter, and of course, all of the crazy toppings! During the NBA playoffs last year, Cocomero was how I relieved my stress during commercials and time-outs of those nail-biting games. We would run down the street to pick up fro-you and be back to catch the next quarter. I think one of the best parts is that they charge by weight, so you can just stop by for a taste if you are not in the mood (or shape, in my case) for an intensely heavy dessert. I heard that they recently started offering coffee drinks and such, and I'm super bummed that I missed out! Anyone down for a trip down to 'paign?
3	I guess this place is good enough for a small town like Champaign.Let me get this out first, this place is NOTHING compared to the great Red Mango. BUT If you haven't had red mango, you would probably like Cocomero. I like Cocomero, but I really do think it's too expensive for froyo. (considering how Red Mango is A LOT better AND cheaper, but too bad there's no branch near Champaign.) I think Cocomero recently raised its price. The last time I went there I spent $4 on a relatively small portion of ice cream. I don't understand why it's soo expensive. It's self-serve. There's one lady working at the cashier. There was no reason to raise the price besides greed, but since they have a monopoly on froyo in Champaign, I guess they can.god damn I miss the classy Moonstruck.
4	This was my first visit to Cocomero. What's not to like? I took the smallest-sized container and filled it up with three frozen yogurts--chocolate candies (I think), red velvet, and cheesecake--and lots of fun toppings like heath bar crumbles, M&M's, white-chocolate chips, strawberries. Turns out I'm a great chef: my combination was delicious. My total was around $6.My only complaint: there needs to be a container smaller than their current smallest. They charge $0.47 an ounce and getting their large container sizes encourage you to get more. Obviously they know what they are doing.The upstairs seating area is cute and though the place does not seat a ton of people (it was crowded when we went, graduation weekend) I would have had just as good a time standing. It's clean and the staff is friendly. Their frozen yogurt is awesome and they offer a large variety of toppings, including several fresh fruits like kiwi and pineapple. Hey, maybe next time I'll even try something more healthy (not-fat yogurt w/ fruits anyone?) because I know it will be delicious and I won't even miss ice cream.
4	How do can you not love this place? Good selection of frozen yogurt, most of it fat free, and a great selection of toppings. My favorite part is that it's "do-it-yourself" which means I can have exactly how much or how little I want! Plus, I enjoy the bright and sunny decor. I love escaping from my campus office to grab an afternoon treat here!
4	I really liked Moonstruck when I was in college, although I guess I hadn't been back since I graduated.  Still, when my boyfriend told me that it was gone, I was kind of bummed.  Where else can I purchase premium chocolate truffles and fattening chocolate/coffee drinks in Campustown?  My disappointment turned to glee when I discovered that it was being replaced with a frozen yogurt shop!  Seriously, I can't get enough of it.We made our first visit yesterday afternoon, and I totally dug the uber-contempo Asian decor.  Bright colors, shiny white plastic chairs - it's goofy, but endearing.  The walls are decked with yogurt dispensers in many different flavors, which is exciting if you're looking to try something new.  A froyo traditionalist at heart, I opted for the Original Tart flavor, with a tiny bit of "Euro Tart" just to see what the difference was.  (Answer: Euro Tart was a liiiittle less sweet, although honestly it was hard to tell.)  They have a wide array of toppings, but I stuck to strawberry and mango (I can't bring myself to put chocolatey dessert-type things on frozen yogurt, don't ask me why).  The boyf went the gutsier route with Green Tea Tart yog topped with kiwi, chocolate chips, and cookie dough.  We really liked our creations, but noted that the yogurt wasn't quite as creamy as the premium stuff you get at Red Mango.  Still delish, though!But be warned!  They will try to trick you into filling up your giant cup with goodies, only to be charged like a million dollars upon checkout.  Don't fill your cup all the way to the brim unless you wanna spend more than $5 or $6!
4	I totally love the concept and the selection of flavors/toppings, but I wish that there was a good way of gauging how much you're going to need to pay before you head up to the register. Also, the frozen yogurt isn't quiiiite as creamy as what you'll find at other cool/trendy shops like Red Mango. Actually, I don't think I've ever had any frozen yogurt that was up to the standards of Red Mango, so I guess that's a lot to ask for. So an enthusiastic four stars for the selection and flexibility of toppings (finally there's a place that doesn't charge like $2 if you simply want a spoonful of raspberries along with a pinch of chocolate chips). Add some more creaminess and a scale at the toppings bar, and we're up to five.
4	What can be better than froyo by the ounce? Getting to pick your flavors, how much you want for each, toppings = pure perfection. There were a wide variety of flavors to choose from ranging from mango to red velvet. The thing I love about buying by the ounce is that I get to try every flavor I want. But you have to be careful because some of the flavors I tried the froyo was a bit too watery or not creamy enough for my liking. There were also a wide variety of toppings. The fruits were fresh, and this place even has mochi as a topping. Cocomero is simply delicious. Just be careful about how much froyo you get. Seriously can get a little froyo happy and end up with $10+ worth of froyo. =)
4	Several of my friends have instructions that, should I ever be involved in a freak accident involving a bus, they are to bring me Cocomero, specifically 1/2 cheesecake, 1/4 peanut butter, 1/4 banana with yogurt chips and 4 pieces of banana. I like Cocomero OK. It's a cool concept. Apparently, the same sort of stuff is popular out west. If I had more money and was paid more often, I'd definitely go more often.
5	Excellent frozen yogurt, huge selection of flavors and toppings.  The best part is that it is self-serve; so you can have as little or as much as you like, as few or as many toppings, etc.Everything is sold by weight ($0.47/oz).  A very reasonably sized bowl ended up being about $5.I wish they had one of these in Ames IA!
4	Great frozen yogurt; I love the idea of self-serve and buying by the ounce. Huge selection of yogurt flavors and fresh fruit / candy toppings. Decor is nice -- bright colors, amateurish product photography, and sturdy & fairly comfortable plastic seats and tables. Plenty of room with an upstairs area to get froyo and hang out with friends on campus after a big dinner or just a little snack.
4	Yum!
5	Excellent fro-yo, huge selection of toppings and just the right ammount of different flavors to try from
5	Ok I have been to a lot of froyo places in Chicago, the suburbs and even out of the states.  Let me tell you nothing beats Cocomero!  The best part about this place is that it's self-serve with fresh variety of toppings.  The design of this place is pretty nice, it seemed like a picture out of an ikea catalog.  I wish my University had this, lucky for UofI students they can get it anytime.
5	I've been to a similar concept store in Wheaton. This place seems pricey (some $0.47 per ounce), like that one, but the sheer amount of flavors and toppings is overwhelming compared to other stores like it.I had a lactose-free mango frozen yogurt, and some pomegranate-based yogurt. Both were very good, and I had no complaints about them. There were many other flavors available, including the oddly-named "European tang".The toppings included yogurt chips, mochi (!!!), a brownie, very fresh fruit (yes, the mango was ripe) and more. The store design is very bright, very pastel and very smart. I might just be back here tomorrow if I'm craving more frozen yogurt. Hopefully I can try some of the more chocolately or crunchy toppings next time.
5	On my recent trip to California I made it a point to get to two froyo places - Pinkberry and Yogurtland.  Despite liking the tartness of PB's original flavor, it just couldn't match up to the variety of flavors, toppings, and the cheap pricing of YL.  Unfortunately, from what I had heard, the only other froyo place with the "by-the-weight" model in Chicago was pretty bad.I've known about the one in Champaign for a while but I'd never gone...perhaps due to a fierce loyalty to Jarling's Custard Cup and the Moonstruck that Cocomero replaced.  But, as a lover of froyo I had to see what the fuss was about...Fellow Yelpers, Yogurtland has come to the Midwest.  Tons of flavors, tons of toppings, cheap price, and super happy decor.  And most importantly - it's good.  ESPECIALLY the red velvet froyo.  My friends described my reaction as if I had just saw the love of my life.  In-freaking-tense.  I'm happy I have a Custard Cup alternative to go to if I visit UIUC in the colder months.
5	YES, so good. I go to school about 45-60 minutes away and I drove all the way to Champaign for this. OK well I went shopping too.Cocomero is DIY frozen yogurt and I love that concept. There are a ton of different flavors. Pick one or mix and match. They will also give you taster cups, which are really hard to eat yogurt from. I don't get it. Once you have your yogurt, go to the topping bar and choose what you want. They have all kinds of fruit, nuts and candies. I recommend mochi :) Then, you weigh your creation and pay by the ounce ($.47/oz I believe). Sit down or take it to go. YUM.
5	I've been to about a dozen different froyo places, and I still use Cocomero as my gold standard. Nothing beats this place! The vast variety of flavors, the great taste, the decor, the price -- everything!I'm dying to head back to Chambana just so I can get a mere spoonful of my peach flavored froyo. You would not believe how difficult it is to find that flavor anywhere else, let alone some of their other ones, such as Kahlua and Bailey's Irish Cream. See what I mean by VAST variety of flavors? No one else comes close!
5	Delicious! A variety of frozen yogurt at reasonable prices. And there's a good amount of toppings as well. This is one of my favorite DIY frozen yogurt places. Love it!
5	This place is awesome!I know everyone RAVES about Custard Cup, and don't get me wrong, I love that place too, but it's so nice and refreshing to have a healthier option thats open YEAR-ROUND!I also love the style of this place, you walk in, grab an empty cup and fill it up with a combo of whatever flavors you want (or just one, but that's no fun) and top it off with anything from fresh fruits, cereals, candy, nuts, basically whatever you want. Champaign really needed a place like this!
5	I don't live in Champaign, but whenever I come to visit my boyfriend, I HAVE to come here (usually more than once). They keep a variety of flavors (my favorites are red velvet cake and original tart), and you can mix and match as many as you like (as it's all pay-by-the-weight). The topping bar includes everything from cereal to fresh fruit, cheesecake bits to mochi balls. The decour is wacky and fun, and the staff is friendly enough....but the yogurt would make it worth it no matter what!!!
4	Why I came: It was a hot Chambana summer day, and a frozen yogurt sounded really good. I can never say that I loved frozen yogurt before but because this "city" does not have 7-11, yogurt seemed like a good compromise. After many visits, I can say now that I am a fan of frozen yogurt and now seek out other places to compare to my experience at Cocomero. Their variety of flavors includes the creamy, the fruity, and the exotic. The fruit and candy toppings also makes a nice little addition to your yogurt cup. The place is always clean and is a great place to bring out-of-town visitors. My mother keeps asking about this place and is hoping that one would come the PNW. Definitely the dessert place of choice on campus.
5	Good fricken' grief, best frozen yogurt place ever. Chicago, you better watch yourself because Cocomero knows how to make frozen yogurt nonfat and tasty. I don't care for the probiotic stuff.Unlike your other frozen yogurt places that only offer 4 or so flavors, Cocomero gives you at least 14 flavors to choose from. And no, you don't have to deal with places that don't know how to swirl your yogurt properly so there's a big gaping hole in the middle (where your money went), you serve yourself and you pay 50 cents per ounce. You also self-serve toppings like mango, cookie dough, mochi and cheesecake bites.Today I loaded up on following flavors: red velvet, cookies and cream, and strawberry. I then added my favorite mix-ins: mango and cookie dough. I paid $5.40 for 20 minutes of okay, maybe I got too much, but damn this is good.They also offer bubble tea, milk tea lattes, and shaved ice with fruit. I'm assuming this is an Asian venture. I also like sticking around for the two-story ambiance if you can deal with Britney Spears' latest album playing in the background.
5	VERY VERY good froyo place!!!  I love that you do it yourself but mixing your own flavors and topping.  0.47/ounce makes it a bit expensive, especially when you have no idea of weight as you fill your monstrous cup.  I ends up with over a little over 12 ounces.. :X  opps!  The strawberry/banana was the fav as I'm not a super tart girl.
3	For the price, this place is not bad at all. I paid 5 dollars and had so many toppings I didn't know what to do with them or which to eat first.I had cheesecake frozen yogurt and of course the original. Topped with...get ready for this: cheesecake, reeses, graham, strawberries, mangos, pineapples, and more cheesecake so much toppings and yogurt that I had to share.Definitely the talk of the town...then again, this may be their only yogurt place... doesn't compare to joy yees plus, but good for the price you pay and tastey
4	Absolutely amazing frozen yogurt, soft serve style too.  This place is self serve and charges you by the weight of your selection, so feel free to mix and match as much as you want, and trust me, you will want to! There is a really big variety of yogurt flavors, and quite frankly, all of them are delicious.  Then there is a big topping bar with a ridiculously huge selection to choose from.  From fresh fruit to fruit loops.  There must be about 30-40 different toppings you can put on your yogurt and they all are fresh (the staff does great replacing the toppings frequently) and you are sure to find all you need to make your perfect concoction.  The only downside to this place is the price.  I'm guessing most people are going to end up paying $5-6 for their yogurt dish, which I think is really high.  You pay by the ounce, but for only a cup of yogurt (8oz) you're going to pay at least $4.00  (I think its .49 cents an ounce)  I personally usually hit the $5-6 mark, and don't feel it's as much as I should be getting for that price, so that it my only complaint.  You can usually get a similar sized ice cream at other shops for $3 or so dollars instead of $5 or $6.Despite the price though, this place is almost worth going to just for the atmosphere and exotic flavors of yogurt and eclectic toppings.  Stop by some time.
5	So I was a bit sad when Moonstruck was no longer in this location. And then I discovered that Cocomere was a pay by the oz frozen yogurt place. Sad no longer.The interior is nice and bright and happy, which is also how I feel when I grab my cup and start loading up on flavors. I'm a Libra. We're indecisive people. So when I'm able to select 4 different yogurt flavors, and 10 different toppings and still only pay about $6 for a ginormous cup, life is happy. I am happy.On a sweltering day like today in Chicago, I am so tempted to drive down to Chambana and indulge myself. It's that good (that and Chicago SUCKS for the lack of pay by the oz fro yo). Yum.
5	Yum!  I LOVE how many flavors they offer and TONS of toppings!  The price isn't bad, mind you the only size bowls they have are HUGE so just don't think you have to fill up the bowl or you'll be shelling out $12 for froyo.  I generally pay $2-$4 for a little taste of 2-3 flavors and a couple of toppings.Parking is on the street so bring change.
5	Copacabana.   Her name was Lola, she was a showgirl.Oh wait, it's Cocomero!This place is kind of expensive for what you get, but well worth it.I highly recommend trying the red velvet cake frozen yogurt.   I didn't even add toppings, and it was phenomenal!Also, don't forget your quarters - There's no free street parking nearby.
4	Yummm. Nice selection of flavors and toppings. The Red Velvet Cake frozen yogurt is really good. I was skeptical so I added a few stripes in with some French Vanilla.Loaded it up with mango, red bean, MOCHI(fav), graham cracker crumbs, two cherries, & butterscotch if I can remember clearly.Yeah. It can be a bit expensive if you don't watch your portions.. Alla that and I was near 5 bucks and only had half a cup.You can weigh your cup as you go though by the cashier. I wish I'd realized that the first time.Don't forget that you need to pay meter to park. They accept nickels, dimes, & quarters.
3	pretty standard fro-yo place. the yogurt was a little on the watery side but still good. lots of toppings, lots of different fro-yo flavors, and lots of places to sit. =)
5	Red Mango cannot compete. Cocomero has a great selection of yogurt flavors with varying fat content and an amazing toppings bar. I love that it's self-serve. I almost always want to fill the cup because it's so delicious, but it's nice to have the option of getting less.I tend to either get all fruity flavors (mango, peach) topped with yogurt chips and blueberries (which are big and plump), or get richer flavors (red velvet, cheesecake) topped with yogurt chips and cheesecake bites. They rotate their specialty flavors, which is sometimes sad if one on rotation is your favorite - last week they had taro, which is a root vegetable popular in Hawaiian cuisine. I'd had it fried like potato chips before, but it was AMAZING as fro-yo!
5	Possibly the only fro-yo joint in Champaign, but definitely the best! I like the Red Velvet cake fro-yo topped with cookie dough and whatever i feel for the night. This place is definitely a chill social spot and the environment is great! Right by campus (though, i do not attend UofI) and near everything else. The staff always greets with a smile coming in and going out. 5 stars most definitely!
4	Good bubble teas, great frozen yogurts.  I go here with my friends when I am back at good old Chambana.  Tons of fresh fruit to top your frozen yogurt with, but be careful as the price can add up fast (hence the 4 stars)
4	Cocomero is a nice little treat on a hot summer day.  The atmosphere is bright and fun, and there's always enough seating. I've gone here a couple of time and each time I got a few different flavors. Both times my cup was around $5, but it depends on how much you put in there.  If you fill the entire cup I can easily see someone paying $10 for froyo.  The red velvet and cheesecake flavors are probably the most popular, and they are definitely yummy.  I also tried a few of the fruit flavors last time and they were all pretty good.  The mango was a little underwhelming, but the peach was good, and so was the pomegranate.  I added some fruit on top, which seemed really fresh.  They also have candy toppings and coconut and cheesecake bites, stuff like that.  Overall, I would definitely recommend stopping here next time it's 90 degrees outside. Or even when it's not...
5	Ever since I visited a friend at U of I and we went here, I can't stop raving about it!I loved the variety of self-served frozen yogurt, huge machines lined against a wall. From different cheesecake flavors, to the simplest vanilla. The amount of different toppings was also insane! Everything tasted sooo good, mmmmm.The prices were also pretty good, especially compared to other yogurt shops.The atmosphere in the place is also great! There is lounge type seating upstairs, with tables and couches and egg-shaped chairs.Too bad I haven't been able to find such a good frozen yogurt place where I live.
4	I see why this place is always so hopping. Very good quality frozen yogurt, and it's self serve, so you can get exactly what you want. You enter, grab a cup, and help yourself to any of about a dozen flavors of frozen yogurt. Then you visit the toppings station and finish your masterpiece off, then bring it to the counter where it's weighed and priced. Easy peasy. I made a little mix of chocolate and dulce de leche yogurts and topped them with some crumbled toffee. If you're feeling virtuous, you can go for fresh fruit toppings. The dulce de leche was so delicious I was surprised that it was fat free. The toppings bar is impressive, and I was imagining different combos for future visits.
4	This is high-quality, creamy frozen yogurt. It is really delicious. They have a pumpkin flavor right now, which I love, and a great dulce de leche. It has a nice atmosphere and is well located in the campus. However, it is a bit expensive, 47 cents an ounce.
4	I'm in a Master's program at U of I and I have to drive down to Champaign once a semester. The highlight is usually Coco Mero, which is an absolutely delicious frozen yogurt place. They have mochi and red bean, which I apply liberally to my yogurt. I also like that they have lactose free varieties that don't upset my stomach. It's a bit pricey (i usually don't get out of there spending less than $6) but it's totally worth a splurge every now and then.Pineapple frozen yogurt + blackberries + mochi + red bean = wonderful.
5	I haven't tried their yogurt yet, but I tried ther bubble teas, especially the milk teas.. It's the best milk tea I have ever had in Champaign..
5	So I came down to U of I to visit for the first time, and I had heard so much about this place. Im a HUGE fan of FROYOOO :D. This place is pretty darn good. The red velvet is AMAZING. Green tea actually tastes like green tea, and they have pretty good pomegranate and other flavors. The fruit here is pretty fresh. It's a super and bright place. I was SO HAPPY to find out that they closed like at 12 on fri/sat. OMG if only the froyo places here in chicago did too :3. Anyways, the staff here is pretty nice and friendly although i think i may have jokingly scared off one of the cashiers haha my bad. I came here like three times in two days. I highly recommend it ^^
4	Oh how can I describe my love for Cocomero...this place is just amazing!  It's sort of a build-your-own frozen yogurt shop.  There are an array of machines along the wall with different flavored frozen yogurts (personally I love the cheesecake flavored, can you say YUM!)  Also there's a lot of different toppings like fruits, nuts, sprinkles etc. you can use to create your own frozen yogurt.  Prices are figured out at the end, based on the weight of your experimental concoction.
3	Saturday afternoon it was busy but the staff kept the toppings stocked and the toppings bar/floor clean. The fruit looked fresh and there were many options for the frozen yogurt. Opted for mango + peach - toppings: mini cheesecake bites, strawberries, mangos, and tapioca lookalike juice filled balls that pop in your mouth. Not a cheap treat approx $5 (it is by weight) but a fun occasional treat.Clean, good toppings, fro yo quality seems good, service is quick/friendly/easy.
5	Stopped at Cocomero last weekend for the first time in quite a few months. The place only seems to get better! The variety of soft serve and the excellent fruit and other toppings are outstanding. Worth every penny for a satisfying, tasty treat.
3	A visit to campus wouldn't be complete without a Cocomero encounter.I could see how this how this would be a campus staple with its bright interior, selections of self serve flavors and toppings.I got a mix of taro, vanilla, and green tea with some fruit. They were all pretty decent, but no where close to the taste and textures of my favs like Pinkberry or Yogen Fruz.Overall, good place to stop in for a froyo fix, or hangout while experimenting with all of their offerings.
5	Great selection of flavors and awesome toppings bar!The cups are deceivingly oversized so you'll probably not want to fill to the top -- it can get expensive AND you'll have far more than you want to consume! As with similar places, it's a flat pay-by-weight. It's a reasonable enough stop on campus.Can get busy, but plenty of seating upstairs overlooking the Alma Mater.
5	Ohhhh, I went here my first weekend in Chambana and I've been craving it every night ever since...It was fairly busy, but kept very clean. Staff was very friendly. And the frozen yogurt... ohhhh it was good! Tons of flavors (I recommend Red Velvet and Cafe au Lait (sp?)) and a bunch of tasty toppings. The strawberry poppers are worth a try for sure.Yogurt is priced out by weight. I got a good sized cup of yogurt for around five bucks. I'm definitely going to be returning for more!!
5	Took the family to get some ice cream and came across this place. The workers were very helpful on helping my family on getting started. The ice cream was great and also the price. Great to take the kids to get some deserts on a hot day.
5	Cocomero? Oh, so THAT'S what it's called! I always called it "The Froyo Place."Cocomero's shop is bright, lively and clean with great music, like I expect all business to be. The shop has a wide array of yogurts and toppings, but admittedly, I stay true to the ube (taro root) ice cream. Put some peanuts and chocolate fudge (located on the side of the toppings stand) and there you have it-- MY perfect froyo.  Plus, the people are pleasant. One tiny criticism is that they don't have whip cream there. It would exponentially take the yogurt to HNL ('hol nubba lebel-- sorry, corny MadTV joke). Nevertheless, I love this place. It's a great addition to Champaign and my afternoon strolls at UIUC. Mahal!
4	This place is great. When springtime rolls around, I always gotta get my coco fix and sit on the quad. This is a super popular place among students at U of I. The staff is friendly. The interior is modern and yogurt flavors change depending on the season. My favorite flavors are red velvet cake, mango and taro. There are a large varieties of toppings as well. I always end up putting mochi, cap'n crunch, mango, kiwi and strawberries on mine. I tend to lose control when I go in and my totals are always at least $5 ahhh. Totally worth it though!
3	Lots of yogurt flavors and mix-ins.  Seems a bit expensive.  Worth a visit if you like to customize your dessert!
4	Great selection of yogurts and toppings - just watch how much you eat, It can get pricey.
3	Stepped in here on a visit to see my brother; the fro-yo is good; 47 cents an ounce is higher than what I'm used to. His mango bubble tea was a bit disappointing or rather the bubbles were; they were still hard and not as "bubbly" as I would have liked.  Liked the atmosphere and can definitely see why people are opening it up all over. :)
5	Honeydew bubble tea freeze. Amazing.
4	really bright, i love the colors and the atmosphere in general (they always play good music if you're into top 40 jams like me haha). toppings are okay, the selection of froyo flavors is GREAT. kind of on the pricey side, but most froyo places are.i wish they had some loyalty card system, because i come here so often. (some places do stamp cards, which is STUPID because people like me who get AT LEAST $5 of froyo every trip i go, will still only get one stamp, when someone else paying $2 also gets one stamp, so i hate that)the green tea, coconut, almond, and kiwi bubble teas are all fantastic! the tapoica is big and chewy, not too firm. its perfect. the staff is really friendly too :) seating is usually available, they have cute chairs upstairs and i sometimes like people-watching over Wright street hahathis place is my jam. there's a reason why im mayor of it on 4 square lol
5	So good! A bit expensive, but the selection is great and the atmosphere is very comfortable. A great place to grab some frozen yogurt after a meal on green street or really any time of the day because frozen yogurt is so fantastic.
4	Cocomero is probably the best frozen yogurt place I've been to. It beats the likes of the well-known Pinkberry and Red Mango, and even the lesser known Tutti Frutti and Sweet Frog.In fact, I don't think I can accurately call this cafe a frozen yogurt place anymore. In addition to the pay-by-weight frozen yogurt plus toppings feature, Cocomero offers bubble teas, coffees, and bing soo. This place is always lively as many college students frequent Cocomero all throughout the day. It's also a bonus that the staff here is also amazing.
2	I generally like Cocomero. It's pretty tasty and there are tons of options. However, I attempted to go tonight and found that Cocomero was closed, even though the hours on Yelp say 11:30am-11:00pm. Definitely disappointed that the hours listed are wrong.
5	Discovered this yogurt place this time around in campustown. The Bing-Su was delicious and nutritious! I'd recommend  splitting it with someone as it is huge! I ate it all by myself anyway. The service was grrreat...I was greeted by a smiley girl working the register when I walked in, I think her name was Kirsten or Kirsty or something of the sort. She took my order and was just really helpful in helping me decide on what to get, be it a smoothie or bubble tea or what I settled on, the Bing-Su. The place was uber clean and inviting. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town!
3	This is a great place for Froyo on campus [and really the only place I would consider getting Froyo on campus]. Located right across from the Alma Mater, it's in a great location although it can be a trek from some dorms. The vibe is very bright. Lots cute details all around the store. The college kids coming in and out of here make it a very vibrant place to be. Onto the actual Froyo. Tons of great choices both in terms of the actual Froyo flavors and toppings. Toppings are always fresh and taste delicious. Really my only complaint here are the prices. The Froyo is good, but good enough to justify the premium on it? I don't think so. I've been to places in Chicago and the suburbs with similar pay-per-pound pricing schemes and almost all the places I have been charge less than Cocomero. When I'm at Cocomero, I always have to get less than I actually want, because my freshman year, I once made the mistake of spending over $10 on my Froyo. Oops. So yeah. Good froyo. Good location. Just make sure you don't go overboard and you can stick to your "broke college kid" budget.
1	Went to Cocomero today after lunch just like I usually would for the past year when school was in session. I went up to the counter to order my usual - fruit bingsu with syrup rather than milk, because I can't have milk. What was different was the "manager" this time refused to make it for me. He claimed that it was best with condensed milk and I would just have to deal with it. I tried to explain to him nicely that I understand, but that's not how I like it. Also that I've been doing it for the past year and even though the amount of syrup has been hit or miss, I still like it that way, and I haven't complained about it. Instead of listening to the customer, he insists that he is "the manager of all of this (with hand motions)" and refused to sell me what I requested. I ended up giving up and leaving. Most likely won't be back as long as "the manager of all of that" is still around since he refuses to sell me the one thing I can eat and enjoying having.
4	good froyo =)
3	Love the atmosphere in this place and all the different toppings to choose from. Wish they had more flavors of ice cream. Only big complaint is they price by weight and you don't know how much you have till your at the cash register. Got a little carried away with cherries and chocolate chips so my little cup of ice cream cost me $14. Yikes!
3	Fun place and good froyo. Marked it down from 4-3 stars just because of the cost--seems expensive for yogurt and a few toppings.
5	Great frozen yogurt with a large selection of flavors and toppings.  Love the best taro frozen yogurt I've found.   Unfortunately, this place has set the bar high for all of the Froyo shops that have sprung up recently.  Always a must stop while in Champaign.  Have also tried the Cocomero in Normal.  It is good but not as good as this shop.
4	Interesting favor choices with good texture.
1	The fact that a self serve yogurt bar doesn't allow you to sample any of the 16 flavors they have blows my mind. Being from out of town and having plenty of similar establishments near my home that are same concept and allow samples I was confused. When I asked the counter "you would rather have me not buy anything than sample 2 flavors?"  Response=yes. Unreal, plenty of places are successful and lucrative with allowing a taste test. My only thought is the owner/manager must be cheaper than subsidized corn.  Fellow friends said their yogurt was bland, probably why they stopped allowing samples.
3	Pretty good, but pricey. Fifty cents an ounce adds up quickly, especially if you hit the toppings station. My biggest beef is that they haven't had the red velvet yogurt in a year. I still go in every so often for the chocolate, which is pretty good, but the red velvet was my favorite yogurt ever, and so it's a real disappointment that it's gone.
3	Pretty expensive considering the price of one cup of frozen yogurt is the price of a meal at most campus restaurants.A good variety of things you can add on. Don't like the bubble tea, far from what I had in chicago chinatown
2	Since it's close to campus, they definitely overcharge you for the frozen yogurt: it costs 0.49 per ounce. To keep it in perspective, the cheapest place I've been to charged 0.39 per ounce. Other than that, the area is decorated really nicely and is filled to the brim with Asian people. I'm actually shocked that they don't have some sort of stamp or incentive system. I will say that the mango fruit is delicious.
2	The customer service here was great, the woman at the register was so helpful and polite. The building was really cool, I liked that they had an upstairs...that was unique to any froyo place I've ever been. I didn't like that there weren't any sample cups...you kind of just had to guess which flavor you'd like. I semi-tasted one and thought I liked it, so I filled my bowl and added toppings. They were the toppings I usually get (except for shave almonds bc they only had toasted almonds), but it just wasn't very good. :/ I really wanted to like it!
4	It's self-serve frozen yogurt.  Is this a new concept to you?  If so, welcome to America!It loses a star for not handing out tiny cups to sample the flavors.  The guy at the counter said the U of I students tend to abuse the privilege.  So thanks, Thieving Illini!Toppings were fresh and the yogurt was tasty.  It was also cool that it has a second floor, so you can climb the stairs to look out toward campus.
2	this place is so overpriced!!!!! i don't care how delicious the frozen yogurt or drink is (nevertheless they are just ---- meh) im not paying 4 dollar plus tax for a teeny tinny cup of bobble tea. Jeez, it was like 2 sips, and that was it. WTF? that was the most expensive 2 sips in my life. There is one more thing that bother me the most. You are not allowed to taste anything here. how am i suppose to know which yogurt taste like what? im not gonna pay 5 bucks on something i don't even know if im gonna like. so yeah, i just wish they can let their customers sample (maybe just a little tiny spoonful, that's enough) oh oh , and also, sometimes, when you ask for extra bubbles in your bubble tea, they give you the evil bitchy eyes. !!!!! (you guys know wat im talking about right?) they are just bubbles! not pearls. JEEZ, just relax.
4	Date of Original Review: 09/11/2014*Based off of visits from August 2012 - May 2014Cocomero is an excellent frozen yogurt shop. They tend to have a good variety of frozen yogurt, with a fair amount of flavor options ranging from original tart, to fun fruity flavors, to rich dessert flavors. Some of their flavors are seasonal, which also brings a good rotation of variety. Furthermore, they often offer lactose-free and/or dairy-free options which is a great alternative for those with lactose or dairy intolerance(s).There is a wide variety of topping choices available, ranging from fresh fruit to candies to granola; the toppings are always fresh and delicious.In terms of beverages, I did not sample their bubbletea (smoothies); however, they seemed to be very popular among other students on campus. I did, however, purchase a coffee product from there once (a caramel macchiato) which was far less than perfect. The drink was very bitter and unpleasant and tasted as though it came straight out of a machine. Conversely, they have amazing tea! The milk tea at this location, both iced and hot, is excellent and highly recommended.Overall, I would recommend Cocomero for its excellent frozen yogurt and tea products as well as its bubbly and fun decor.
4	Beats Cold Stone Creamery any day!I like that this place not only has lots of toppings, it also has a lot of different flavors to choose from. There is adequate seating on two levels and the store looks very clean and fresh.
