4	Can't believe I'm the first one to review this great place for hot wings!  I'm new to the Steele Creek area in Charlotte, so my wife and I have been scoping out places to eat for the past couple of months.  We both love great hot wings and we were eager to try out Wing King Cafe based on the recommendation of a friend.  First off, this place isn't really a place you can take the family out for a sit-down dinner.. its more your typical hole-n-wall local bar.. although they serve things like burgers, salads, etc. ... their claim to fame is their wings.. and boy are they good.  Probably one of the best wing places in Charlotte.  Probably my favorite wing is called the "Ming Wing" which is a wing dipped in some sort of honey/sesame sauce.  All the other sauces are great as well so feel free to try them all.
5	Okay, so you don't go for the ambiance, but the honey hot wings are the best I've ever had. Everyone at Microsoft eats there and I make it a weekly trip. Once you get a taste of them, you will crave them fortnightly. Today, we're going to find out what a smoke-free Wing King is like. Hoping the smoke didn't make the flavor.
5	Probably gets 1-star for ambiance, but the wings are great (and that's the point, right?!). I highly recommend the sampler platter- you get to try 4 or 5 different kinds of wings, and really you cant go wrong with any of their offerings. They have a ton of flavors in all different degrees of hotness (another thing that makes the sampler nice- if you're with someone like me who can't handle the spicy stuff!).The fries here are also really good and they offer take-out too, so you can call ahead and pick your wings up if you're in a hurry.
5	This review is based solely off their wings and buffalo chicken sandwich. Some of the best in town. For those that have been to DD Peckers, these sauces are nearly identical. The ambiance may be lacking but the chicken is packing.
4	The Wing King cafe does not mess around. As others mentioned, it isn't much of a restaurant. Its somewhat of an eyesore actually, but that kinda adds to the charm. No frills about it. They mean business and it vaguely reminds me of the coop. This is a great find, great hole in the wall. Wings. This place has some of the best wing's I've ever had. 10 bazillion times better then wild wing cafe. In fact I think wild wing sucks. Here, wings are perfectly fried, and juicy. Without sauce they also taste great. They have a multitude, I mean multitude of sauces. As Julie R mentioned, go with the sampler. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I don't frequent it too often and it's out in the boonies in comparison to my location. I also haven't tried anything else on the menu. BTW: if you go searching for this place, there is a Chinese restaurant across the street called the Wang King Cafe. Wrong spot, don't go there!
5	Best wings in Charlotte!  I'm originally from Upstate NY so my family often comes to visit and the FIRST stop on my Dad's list is Wing King to get his favorite Honey Hot wings!
5	This is probably my favorite place to get wings in Charlotte.  The big chain stores have okay wings, but this place definitely is unique!  There are a ton of flavors and one of a kind recipes in this place.  I'd have to agree with everyone else that the place isn't in it for the ambiance.  It's there for the wings!  We also get the cheese fries, which are pretty awesome.  I know they are probably really bad for you, but that means they taste good!Just wished I lived closer (probably a good thing since I would be here every day eating wings).
5	Recently did a take-out order @ Wing King.  I usually make the trip out and sit down to take my time with the wings... but I was on my way somewhere and needed to get something on the way.Even though I was taking out, the wings were exceptional.  My only complaint was that the aroma of the freshly made wings made me so hungry in the car driving to my buddies place that I was actually drooling in the car wanting to beat all the red lights so I could eat them!  I didn't time myself, but I probably set a record for how fast I consumed my wing order with cheese fries!
5	Best wings I've had in Charlotte so far! Did a takeout order like a week ago and I was in heaven! I saw that others mentioned it was not a pretty place and its not but from previous encounters I've had with ugly restaurants I knew that just meant more than likely they'd be the bomb.com and they were. The night I went they were also having some sort of trivia the place was full and people were having fun. I will be going back for more!
5	This place may look like a corner bar but hidden in the kitchen is a five star cook.The fish sandwich is the best around, and they are indeed King of The Wings.My favorite go to spot in Charlotte.
5	Great wings..daily beer specials... this place has become my new hang out...
5	Best Wings..possibly even in the east coast :) We're from northern va, one of the mecca for food lovers and I am jealous of Charlotte's chicken wing gem. We ordered: - Fried pickles and green beans: These were OK. they're fried and they come w/ ranch... can't really go wrong. - The Wings, we ordered a sampler of flavors:  Salt and Vinegar, Southern Style w/ gravy, Garlic Parm, Honey Hot, Smoking Hot. My favorite was Salt and Vinger + honey hot. I'm not sure how to describe the wings when they cook but they all TASTE like their flavor. This is rare. The chef is amazing. The Garlic Parm had small pieces of garlic and you could actually taste it. My husband stated he loved them all. Can you guys make a location in Northern VA?  :)
4	Yes, I have to admit, the looks of the place outside & in, I was a bit skeptical of what the food tastes like. Boy was I wrong!Settled in a small strip mall, which also houses a gas station, Wing King looks much like a sketchy sports bar. It's pretty spacious inside, has a full bar, TV & a room especially for cornhole.This trip had us take our wings (garlic parmesan & 24 Karat) & onion rings to go.Unfortunately the onion rings didn't fair too well on the 20 minute trip home; the wings did. The onion rings are thin & range from wide circles to small ones. The batter has a bit of spicy kick to them & the accompanied sauce really kick them up a notch! The wings were cooked perfectly, had the right amount of sauce to them & the parmesan ones had just enough parmesan on them. The 24 Karat was sweet & spicy & not overpowering.Oddly though, you can have your pick of ranch or blue cheese, but celery is extra. Hmmm? Yeah. Overall I'm pleased with Wing King. We'll be back!
5	These are the best wings in town.   My favorite are the honey-hot.  Don't forget the fried pickles (chips, not spears) and onion rings.  The batter is crunchy and has a nice kick to it.  They even have some of the best blue cheese dressing around for your wings - thick with lots of chunks of cheese.
5	I've never been on the inside. (my girlfriend pick it up on the way in from work)I LOVE ITMY favorites areGarlic Lemon PepperGarlic Parmesan Rotisserie GrillLemon Pepperi have told my girlfriend we're going to have to get every kind of wing until I have tried them all. I'm skeptical about Oysters, livers because ummmmm... kinda like getting a Chicken Sandwich from a Fish place... seems outta place to me.. but imma try it anyway..sooner or later. i'm a Blue Cheese kinda guy.. I like it with the chucks. (when ordering I usually ask if the Blue Cheese is a sause or if it has the chunks)If you're the "fraddy cat" type of person you may wanna call your order in and leave your car running.. But if not... Go in and enjoy.. (I just text my girlfriend and told her WE'RE GOING TO WING KING TODAY.....AFTER WORK)
3	I decided to try this place because the good reviews got me in the mood for some wings. They definitely have a wide variety to choose from. I went with the garlic parmesean and the good ol' hot wings. The hot wings were good but nothing incredibly special. Just your standard wings dipped in hot sauce. I thought the garlic parmesean wings were going to be the ticket... Unfortunately they had way too much garlic coated on them for me. I was thinking it would have a little garlic with some parmesean sprinkled over them but these things were coated, smothered, and covered with a chunky garlic paste. I really like garlic but it was just too much for me to stomach. I'm sure someone who really loves garlic might like these, but not the average person... I doubt I'll go out of my way to order lunch from here again but if I'm ever in the mood for some wings and I happen to be close by I would probably give it another shot.
5	I'll chime in to support most of what has already been mentioned - the place aesthetically isn't that great but they do have awesome wings.  I get the garic parmesan wings every time.  MMM MMM MMM Good!
3	I am not a wing person though I have eaten them at the Ft Mill location and they are good.  But I really like the one pound hotdog.  (Shush)  I convinced my wing loving coworker to go get lunch there.  I was surprised by the fact that they add fifty cents to a To Go order.  Um, why?  And then there was a sign saying that if you order to go, you HAVE TO LEAVE to eat.  Um, why?  I also read in the reviews how they charge extra for celery.  Um, why?  Too many rules and fees for me.  I don't want to feel like I need an accountant and a lawyer when I eat out.
5	Everything was delicious. We had the 25 wing sampler platter and could only eat 18 because the wings were so big. Waitress was nice and very helpful. Would recommend for wings over all others.
4	If I need wings, I head to Wing King.  I live a block from a Wild Wing and I STILL drive miles to go to Wing King.  It's a little gritty on the inside, but that only guarantees great fried meat.  The service is friendly and fast, but the parking can be a pain since you're fighting a dozen other shops in this gas station/strip mall.  My favorite wing flavor is the salt and pepper.  Huge chunks of ground black pepper and tasty salt crystals flavor the wings perfectly.  Their house salad is huge.  It is a great item to split.  Top everything off with some of the best ranch dressing around.  I have never been disappointed in the King.
5	It's really tough to give this place a fair 5 star review, so that rating is based on the wings alone.I have been searching for "THE" wing place ever since the once-great Wing Ranch closed on Park Road.  The Wing Ranch had the best variations of wings but their kitchen was too small to accomodate the masses that went there. I never knew the true reason they closed, but I suspect that it was just the lack of keeping up with demand. Wait time on your meal was around 45 minutes, which is pretty slow for wings.Arriving at Wing King Cafe this weekend, I was put off by it's location in a somewhat ratty strip-shop at the end of Carowinds blvd. There were also a couple of suspicious loiters hanging out in front and we nearly turned away. Even upon entering the establishment, it felt like we were entering a dive bar. To the left was a rec room complete with indoor cornhole games (I am a fan but didn't partake). To the right was the dining room/bar. Tables and chairs looked aged but maybe they're just trying to make it part of the atmosphere. Nobody working in this establishment appeared friendly. I counted 2 waitresses, 1 bartender, and 2 cooks. Nobody smiled. "Uh-oh....is it too late to leave?" was the look we gave each other.We grabbed a couple of menus off of the bar and sat ourselves. We were unsure if it's a "seat yourself" type of place or what. I was worried about the size of the place, that they were going to have the same wait on wings that Wing Ranch used to have. There were several carry out orders that came and went, so it seemed cool. This place has a huge menu but when "wings" are in the name of the business, I'm not ordering a corn dog or BBQ. We settled on the "The King Sampler Platter", where you get 25 wings with your choice of having 5 different "flavors". (They have a HUGE selection!) We settled on medium, rotisserie, ranch, salt & pepper, and southwest. It came with 3 sauces (ranch or bleu cheese) but celery was extra. I also like the fact that on the smaller quanity of wing baskets (limit 10), you can pay a buck extra to get all legs or all "flappers".WING BREAKDOWN:Medium reminded me of the first great Buffalo wings I had in Charlotte from the old Matthews Township Grill. EXCELLENT!Rotisserie were okay but you definitely needed either ranch or bleu cheese to dip them in.Ranch were my favorite. They were of the "dry rub" variety with a powdery ranch on them. Deeelicous! I could've just gone with these!Salt & pepper were very good but I'm afraid they were bested by the above mentioned ranch ones.Southwest was a curious mixture of honey and some sort of chile mix. Very good!Now, because the wings were among....scratch that....they were THE best I've had, I can forgive the unfriendliness and atmosphere of this place. Our waitress may have not been the nicest person on the planet but she was very attentive. I would like to think that everyone who works here does work hard and it is a very busy restaurant, so I can let that be an excuse for their lack of "warmth". Hey, maybe they're just trying to develop a "theme" about the place. It works for Dicks in Myrtle Beach!  I still need to make the trip to DD Peckers to see who indeed is the true "Wing King" in Charlotte.Your pal,Walter
5	I have heard about this place for awhile but we have never  made it to it until this past week. I have to say they have some of the best wings I have ever had. I did the southwest and they were great, Wife got Medium and great also.The onion rings was also good with a hint of Old Bay, but very good. Our daughter got a burger and I had heard they had great burgers so i took a bite and it had great flavor and might have to try that the next time around. Check it out great food, and good people watching also.
5	After hearing all of the Wing King hoopla and praise, it was destiny to stumble upon this fantastic joint at some point. We had played a round of disc golf down at Winthrop and were on our way back up I-77 and then *CLICK*. We were close to Wing King. The timing was perfect, the hunger was imminent, and wings were on the menu. On our way, we read a few other reviews and were a little iffy about dining in or taking out. We decided the full experience was necessary. We seated ourselves and grabbed our own menu and began to peruse the mountain of sauces available. Everything from teriyaki to crazy dry rubs. We settled on a large basket of fries with a side of medium sauce for my wife and 10 wings (5 Medium and 5 Honey Hot) for me. The fries are great. Krinkle cut with a subtle dusting of seasoning salt. The medium sauce....Textbook. It really does stick the the doctrine of "medium" and doesn't provide too much spiciness. Pungent flavor and well rounded with a buttery finish. The wings are evenly crispy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside and a good mix of flats and drums. I'm a big fan of the mixture as I feel flats tend to have more flavor and are more tender. The sauces work wonders on chicken. Goodness gracious. The medium will make any dyed in the wool wing-lover weak at the knees. The honey hot is something out of a romance novel. A sweet, succulent sauce that is thick like honey and has a slight twinge of heat. We even started dipping our fries in it! Usually 10 wings is too much for me, but I muscled through these bad boys with ease. I would have to say that Wing King lives up to the infamy. Wings that can turn my head and stay in my flavor memory are rare. I look forward to many visits to come!
3	Pretty good. Kind of a dive and the traffic in and out is a pain . Lots if good beers and hot sauces .
5	OK...OK I had to give them a try! From the awesome reviews everyone gave and since I was already out that way I stopped in...as expected the outside did not impress me and I was worried that my Yelpers got it wrong...but I'm so glad that my Yelpers got it right These wings are awesome!!! I tried a 10 piece as a combo with fries and slaw. I tried the Hot BBQ and the Hot Garlic Parmesan. I knew after the first bite that this was going to be one of my new favorite wing places. The sauces were absolutely fantastic, full of robust flavor and a nice spicy kick! The chicken was juicy and tender...they came out hot and fresh from the kitchen...now I did have to wait a while for my order to come out...but it was totally worth the wait. I cant wait to go back and try something else! I guess my mom was right, you really cant judge a book by the cover!
5	Favorite wings, great bar food. The signature buffalo chicken sandwich best I've ever had. The corn hole in the side room is fun while you watch the games or just hang out. Great place to watch Panthers games. Real excitement for the HOME team....but if you are looking for a great craft beer to go with your wings they will let you down. Fat Tire is it, just soul-less corporate beers. But that is the only downside. To the ownership...how bout bring in some local beer, NoDA...Birdsong...just a thought.
4	I'm a sucker for wings, so on a recent business trip to Charlotte I looked on Yelp to find a good spot.  This is a simple place... kinda of a dive.  It's in a strip mall, and packed with regulars.  Everyone that walked in was greeted by name.  The owner was hanging out at the end of the bar drinking beers, and chatted it up with everyone.  I felt right at home (which is the Pilot Inn of course).Their onion rings were awesome.  They were homemade, very crunchy with a flaky spicy batter.  The rings were served with a horseradish sauce to kick em up a notch.The wings were very solid.  A little on the small side, but they made up for it with a great selection of flavors.  I had 5 XXX Honey, and 5 Hot Garlic Parmesan... both sauces were my favorites anywhere.  The XXX Honey wasn't overly spicy, and had a sweet honey taste to ease the spice.  The Hot Garlic Parmesan were also very good.  The chunks of garlic and Parmesan formed a great crust.
5	We hopped off 77 to fuel up and I looked on Yelp to see if there was any good food nearby.  After reading the reviews for Wing King Cafe, we had to stop in and try it.   Yes, it is in a strip mall and yes, the decor is a little football-bar-esque, but it's a wing place so I didn't really expect anything different. The prices are pretty decent for a wing place; we ordered the pick two appetizer with the raw fries and fried mushrooms. The raw fries were pretty tasty handmade potato chips, and the fried mushrooms were much better than I've had at other other places.We also ordered 30 wings: 10 bone-in hot wings, 10 boneless Cajun dry rub and 10 honey BBQ sauced.  Mine were the latter, and they were fantastic, although with the appetizer I could only eat half of them.  My other party members said that their wings were great, as well.  With both the appetizer and the wings, they give a generous portion of ranch / blue cheese which was good enough to be homemade. I would definitely stop in here again next time we are passing through, thanks to all of my fellow Yelpers for the great find.
4	Friends from work had been visiting Wing King every Friday for a while now, so when celebrating another co-worker, we chose to take a trip here and see what the hype was about. We pulled it and were a little thrown off as it had looked like we were pulling into a gas station to eat lunch, but we found our way. The inside was small and looks like your average bar next store, but the employees decorated for Christmas and it was adorable! The theme was based on a Christmas Candyland (yes, the board game ) and the server was telling us how they compete against the two other locations for bragging rights. They won and they deserved it, it was awesome inside!Back to the food, boneless wings- soo tasty. They have a ton of different flavors and varieties. I tried the sweet chili and I was a big fan, but heard the garlic parm were just as great. Fries and the chicken fingers also went over well. Perfect casual lunch or dinner spot. We will definitely be back to cover all the different flavors on the menu :)
5	Went back to Wing King (or as we have affectionately nicknamed it Wang Kangg). This time I went with the chicken fingers and fries. Oh.Man. These chicken fingers were so delicious! They were a perfect mixture of crispy, flavorful and really good quality chicken (very important in my book). I enjoyed the sweet chili sauce so much last time, I went with it again. Next time I will switch it up, I promised myself, I have heard the garlic parm and honey hot are equally amazing.  Fries are coated in a nice seasoning that gives a little kick and makes them pretty addicting. Place gets packed at lunchtime, but so worth it.
4	FREAKING IN LOVE.25 wings/five flavors for $18.95?  Yes, please!  Honey gold = amazing.Please don't come here expecting a gourmet, fancy experience.  It is what it should be: a dive-y bar in a strip mall that serves up delicious wings and sides for more than reasonable prices.  I got a pick-two combo of onion rings and fried pickles for $7.95 that went great with the wings. I've been hunting all over Charlotte for the best eats to take friends when they come visit us in town and this will definitely be on our list of places to take them for cheap, yummy food that's quick and convenient.
1	We have been going to Wing-King for years, and have always enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. Typically in there at least monthly.BUT, the conversation over dinner the other night went something like "If we hadn't been in here so much, this would be our last time."At the risk of blaming the owners for the actions of their staff, it was pretty crappy.Cold food, inattentive service, a waitress who went MIA for long periods- the whole mantra of what to do wrong in a restaurant.And it wasn't crowded!Another snippet of conversation was, "Slightly less honest people would have just walked out and stiffed any waitress who made us wait this long to get the check."It'll be a while before we go back.
2	Ok this is a confusing review for me to write. I LOVE the cajun chicken tenders at the Wing King. LOVE THEM, no really I LOVE THEM. I also really enjoy the Ming Wings, very unusual and I'm pretty sure you can't get them anywhere else.BUT...in the 20 or so times I've been there I can honestly say I've ALWAYS experienced terrible service. Sometimes worse than others, but this is why I now consider Wing King a take-out ONLY place. Waitresses are distance and frequently down-right rude. They are neglectful and act pissy if you ask them for anything. Wing King would probably be way more successful with an entirely new wait staff.
3	Nothing to write home about on the food.  This is a regular pub by the gas station.  The food quality was ok and everything was just ok.  Seating was also no fuss.
4	My boyfriend and I just moved here, and live down the road from Wing King Cafe. We were hungry and wanted something easy so after looking on yelp and saving this place as somewhere to try we decided to go for some wings. The wings are VERY good. I go the hot ranch and my boyfriend got the hot and tangy honey mustard. We both thought our orders were very tasty and will be going there again. We called and ordered for carry out since we just live down the road. The reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because 1 the cook their food in the same oil as fish, and if you have allergies that can be scary (which my boyfriend does have a mild allergy with shellfish) and 2 the staff wasn't exactly the most friendly. But I wasn't expecting to handed my food on a golden platter since its definitely a dive bar, but with good food. We will be going back.
5	This place rewrites the definition of "don't judge a book by its cover."On the outside Wing King Cafe looks like a run-down joint next to a gas station, (I reference the gas station because my friend had told me to make a right after the gas station and I missed it, after which he tried to say that he meant "at the gas station" and we ended up making two u-turns just to get back to it.) and on the inside the place looks like little more than a clean-ish dive bar with a section to play corn hole and a little darts.Even the service here resembles that of a run-of-the-mill/hole-in-the-wall bars no where near prepared for the service it gets here; the waitress brought me regular wings when I asked for boneless, but I digress.The food here more than makes up for any other glaring issues this "Cafe" might present. The wings here actually have meat; for the first time in my life, I bit into wings and tasted MEAT and not some sort of flour. Not taking away from their perfectly crispy batter of course, which complements the meat in ways I can't describe other than the way Homer Simpson drools about food.The "24K Gold" and "Honey XXX" were the two I tried. Both were distinctively delicious but not quite memorable as I was too hungry to think about complex flavors. I will have to go back for more detailed notes in the future.I also did not expect my side order of fried mushrooms to come in an entire tray (there was probably enough fried mushrooms to feed a family of three in my order) and despite being clumsy with my order, the waitress was extremely attentive thereafter and I couldn't really blame her for getting my order wrong when she was also waiting on six other tables at the same time.An additional "thank you" to the gentleman/lady who picked up mine and my friend's tab for being in uniform; I find it absolutely embarrassing when people "appreciate" me for doing a job that I signed up for, but I thank you for not eye-balling me and muttering profanities under your breath like some people do in my home state.
3	I wish I could separate the food as a 4 and the staff as a 2. We go to WKC intermittently as the wings are really good and love the flavors. Outside of wings and the yummy pickle chips, I haven't really tried much of anything else. They do have good domestic beer specials as well. We have decided to just do take out as it seems challenging to get the attention of some of the wait staff. A couple of them are good, but the majority are absent or preoccupied chatting away with others. Once I finally get to order and awaiting my food, my beer goes empty even when the place only has a handful of customers. If the staff knows you, then you are in luck as they will be fully attentive and spend tons of time at your table socializing while neglecting all the tables around you. In summary, I recommend the wings, any flavor- but TO GO.
4	Awesome wings!
4	Here's something I don't eat.Wings.But there's so much more to the menu here at Wing King.Between fried pickles (spears OR chips), raw fries (chips), fried...other things, and french fries, there's really no way to go wrong.While the Mr opts for wings in the Honey Hot BBQ sauce, I order a HUGE side of fries with bleu cheese and Honey Hot BBQ on the side for dipping.Nothing makes the inner fat kid happy like dunking some crispy, hot french fries into a ramekin of cheese. So, so good.Beer selection is reasonable, bathrooms tidy and clientele delightful. You'll find all kinds of people here, regulars at the bar and families in tables and booths around the restaurant.It's pretty inexpensive, too.All in all, it's no wonder that Wing King ranks up there with the best in Charlotte. Go see for yourself! It's worth the drive.
5	Delicious! Had the fried oyster salad omg amazing!! Fried mushrooms were also yummy!!
5	Yes, yes and yesss!!!Being new to Charlotte I have learned to explore what was available. I had a coworker tell me that they had decent wings and one day I decided to find out, since then I haven't gone anywhereeeee else for wings!!! Now I haven't tried all the flavors but honey hot is something nice and even plain salt and pepper (ask for extra crispy), drool, it wins!! They have thick fries and not the weak shoe strings. The wings aren't the oversized ones that cause you to think about its conception or origins while eating, yet they aren't tiny to make you feel cheated. I have probably picked up over 10 orders and have never had to wait more than 20 minutes. If you have ever been to Picasso's sport bar, yeaaa they so beat them on wings!
4	Not too glorious looking on the outside, but pay no mind. The food is great!  We got 2 kinds of wings, fries, crispy green beans and brownie bites to go. Delicious!  Everything was really, really tasty. My husband had the sweet and spicy mustard sauce on his wings, I had honey BBQ. I wish I could give a 4.5. My only complaint is that it was in out opinion a LITTLE pricy for takeout but so tasty!  We'll go again!
4	Ignore the look of the place on the outside...it's the food on the inside that counts.  Their wings are amazing, boneless or not, are juicy, crisp and all the various favors will make everyone happy.  Try the sweet and spicy mustard, it was amazing.  The portions were very good, food was hot even for take out.  You can't go wrong if you're looking for wings.
3	The wings are okay, but nothing special. It was a busy night because the Panthers were playing so the service was a little slow.
3	Came here for lunch, decent crowd. Ordered the 10 wing basket with fries. This review is very subjective considering I prefer my wings breaded and naked. I love that fried taste dipped in ranch. So I was looking for something very specific. Overall, decent tasting wings and fries with very good dipping sauces (also didn't charge me extra which was nice). I enjoyed myself but nothing blew me away. Great beer prices daily at $1.75 a beer everyday. If you haven't had DD Peckers as your wing destination then you're REALLY missing out. They take the cake but overall, Wing King has decent wings that won't disappoint.
2	The French fries have been horrible lately taste like they have been cooked in old grease. Fried hard and over season.  Wings are still good but hold the fries
4	Place is a complete dump, but the food is very good and the beer prices are very, very good.  Still one of the rare places you can go in on a Saturday at 4pm with 30 bucks, leave at 8pm-- full, drunk and with a couple of decent looking women's phone numbers in your pocket.
5	My family and I have been coming here for about 3 years now - It's the only place we go for wings. The employees are friendly, our orders are always repeated back to us and accurate when placing a carry-out. Try the king sampler platter...they have a bunch of flavors to choose from. I recommend the XXX and the honey BBQ
3	Awesome place to get tasty wings. A lot of varied flavors and budget friendly. Grab some fries while you're at it or a beer. Some cornhole in the other room. Perfect for take out. The only kink I've got with them is customer service. You walk in with no greetings. You kinda have to wait til someone shows up to take your order or chase one down by going to the back toward the kitchen. Business would flourish more if they made effort to welcome their patrons.
4	Best wings around this area, but the staff are fast to ignore you of you are ordering to go food and don't always answer the phone... I know when kitchens get slow they close a little earlier at times but an hour and half early is a little disappointing and we ended up at sucky buffalo wild wing due to this one night.... Great fried pickles, great wings, for a hole in the wall it's not too shabby.... We will keep getting our wings here but not really going to hang out there .....
3	To go was nice and hot when I came in.Wings were VERY GOOD. The maui wowi and the hot ranch. I don't think I would dine in though. I got a pretty cool extra room setup for parties and everything though
5	Easily the best wings in Charlotte. We've come here two nights in a row now and haven't had any problems. Well, tonight my BLT came on Texas toast instead of a bun like I requested but to be honest it doesn't even matter. The food is awesome, the prices are right, and the atmosphere is great. Location is a bit odd but don't let that throw you off. Definitely go, get the wings with the honey gold sauce, have a $1.75 beer and relax.
4	I've eaten here several times now, and my overall review is great. I really like the relaxed atmosphere, and the wing flavors I've had (honey mustard and cajun garlic) have been REALLY good. This is my favorite wing place in Charlotte. However I've found the food and service quality depends a lot on when you visit. Both times I went on weeknights, I've had excellent experiences. The wings are moist and delicious, the fries are cooked really well, and the waitress was attentive. But when I visited on a Saturday night (around the same time), it was very different. Not only was it really difficult to get service from the waitress, but the food was much worse. The wings were over-breaded and over-cooked, and the fries were soggy. So underwhelming! They were busier when I went on the Saturday, but they weren't so busy that I can overlook the poor quality.
5	One of my favorite Wing places, anywhere. It is small place half bar half eating; paper plates, plastic forks - you get the picture -. They may offer something other than Chicken Wings, Strips and nuggets but I don't know about it other than some of their sides. They have a very good selection of sauces and dry rubs. My favorite is a combination of Lemon Pepper with Smoking Sauce on the side. They do cook to order, meaning that if you like them crispy like I do, you can get it.
4	Lunch June 11  Yep, 4 Stars to a WING JOINT!  Here's why:1) Awesome variety of Flavors - too many flavors to list - many unique and creative!2) We tried 6 flavors of wings and all were awesome!    - Our favorites were Mesquite & Teriyaki    - All wings came out hot and juicy3) King Sampler at $19.95 is a great value 4) Homemade Ranch dressing for salad and dipping sauce was very tasty!5) Waiter suggested the "re-fired" Honey Hot Wings and we got some -- WOW!     (TIP) --  Waiter said all wings were better if ordered "re-fired" 6) Menu prices very reasonable++ Only drawback was the coleslaw - it was awful!  If you want to make your meal/order a "platter" DONT, just order the fries on the side!I will definitely go back and try more flavors and options!
4	I absolutely love love love their wings here!!! I have never been disappointed in their wings. Only complaint  I have is their phone system. Trying to call in an order ahead of time is a disaster cause you can't ever get anyone on the phone or they have a hard time hearing you.
4	Great wings.  We stopped after a Long day at Carowinds.  Thanks Yelp for helping us find someplace close to the park. The wings were excellent.  We had hot garlic(they use minced garlic!), lemon pepper, teriyaki, Maui wowie, and salt & vinegar. All were very good.  Ranch and. Blue cheese were tasty. My wife had a fish sandwich which she said was very good. She was a little nervous about it being a fish sandwich from a wing place. Good stop on the way home.
4	I loved this place food is good. chicken. Wing delicious whit variety of the flavor we try all  .also good price en beer
5	This place did not disappoint!  The food wings are great. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't let that stop you. The lemon pepper and grilled teriyaki wings are awesome.
4	Tried this place during lunch and the wings did not disappoint.  Just the right amount of sauce.  Service was quick, and the waitress did a good job.  Dining area is a little tight and could use some bigger TVs, but this place can stand alone on their wings.  Kind of a strange patio dining area out front.
4	Our usual Tuesday get together usually involves wings and beer. Lately, it's been the Wing King in Fort Mill. This time, we decided to get past the fact that this WK is actually in a gas station plaza and give it a try.I opted for 15 honey hot BBQ boneless wings. A little drippy in the sauce department, but the chicken bits were cooked right, the sauce tasted great and they were piping hot.Good choice. Beer specials, or at least reasonably priced beer. Lots of stuff that's been fried. What's not to love?
5	I Love this place... I always get take out and always the spicy BBQ... The fried pickles are great... I Love the friendly atmosphere and great service...
4	I've been getting to go here for the last 8 months and every time it's been pretty awesome took my dad for lunch one day too even though it was some weird hours the day everyone was really friendly and the food was as always amazing thank you only downfall is there's not enough seats at the bar
5	All I can say is the southern wings with the gravy is absolutely amazing! Never had an issue here and I usually order pick up. My old roommate and her brother introduced me to this place.
4	Wings and fries were great! Honey Hot wing sauce was delicious and the blue cheese dressing was absolutely the best I've had in awhile. The only problem was the grilled wings came out ice cold! However,  They didnt have any problem taking them back. Laid back atmosphere. I will be back in the near future!
4	An interesting place. 16 seat bar area. The tables are crowded closely. Bathrooms are better than the tree out front. Now the food is good. Fresh, hot, and covered in sauces. The menu is complicated. It reads like a DMV test. You can only order some types of chicken with some sauces. If you want it your way go to BK.
