5	Over the past few months, I came across a number of glowing reviews on this new restaurant in many publications, whether in La Presse, The Gazette or the Montreal Mirror. Knowing that my girlfriend and I pretty much have an obsession with saucisson sec (having spent my childhood in France will do that to you!), this was on top of my must-try list. I was just waiting for a good occasion to go. Last night was the night and boy was I not disappointed!The place has that modern bistro feel--chalkboard menu, and an open kitchen. Because it is pretty noisy, it's not the first date type of resto. We sat by the bar and the chef came to chat with us and described us the menu. Very nice fellow...actually the whole staff was very friendly and helpful.We were literally blown away by everything that we tried. I love how the chef can make delicious dishes with simple ingredients...I mean everybody can make something delicious with lobster and foie gras. An example was the pasta with braised pork kidney that we had. So comforting! I cannot forget the plate of charcuterie... melts in your mouth!Will definitely come back as it has become our favorite restaurant in Montreal
5	Tucked away on Saint Laurent there exists a marvelous tapas wine bar! Le Comptoir is a great place to get way from the typical St.Laurent bar/club scenario. With its cute, clean ambiance, Le Comptoir is a fun place were you can watch the staff prepare your plate which usually includes homemade charcuteries. Soooo goood!
4	Defining the style of cuisine of this very wooden, well lightened and minimal bistro is quite challenging. You may have read that Le Comptoir was a Tapas place and now I read that is categorized as French. Actually, do NOT expect tapas in their classical small size but actual dishes more or less presented like tapases. The delicious flavors arising from the dishes will definitely taste French and Spanish mainly. First, do not miss the opportunity to get their "charcuterie" platter with the restaurant's own selection of meat. Then, you will have a hard time choosing your main dish given how mouth-watering they all sound. My recommendation goes to the "boudin" (flange) pie which paradoxically feels light and terribly tasty. But overall, you will feel that the cuisine is very personal and contains unique ingredients.Le Comptoir also has a good selection of wine. Being on a budget, I went for the wine "of la maison" by the glass and found it pretty good given the pricing. Incredible food overall but I still have some concern regarding the service. You will notice that the kitchen is located behind the bar and provides little space for more than 2-3 cooks. Consequently, you might wait a little for your dishes even if the restaurant is not fully packed. But hey, have a glass of wine in the meantime and enjoy the pleasant atmosphere. Moreover, the service abides to its Plateaunic philosophy of snobbery towards anglophones. Try to come with a Frenchy.
3	It's ok. Nothing more. I've been all over the montreal scene. I'm not anxious to return here. It might happen one day. But I won't be the one suggesting it. Enough said. Slow service.
4	We randomly fell upon this restaurant along St. Laurent as the restaurant we had reservations for *cough* La Montee de Lait *cough* was closed with no head's up notice. Distraught we walked around aimlessly trying to find a restaurant to eat at - we were STARVED. I think it was meant to be because we were pleasantly surprised.We ordered the charcuterie board with beet salad and lobster tarte. The charcuterie was just oh-kay. I think Black Hoof in Toronto is much better. However, the Beet Salad was D-I-V-I-N-E. The goat cheese and all the beautiful flavours just stirred up all your tastebuds in ways never before.We sat at the bar so we were able to watch everything be made - which lead to us wanting to order the dessert. We got the lemon curd and the chocolate "cake" (can't seem to remember the name of it).Only downside? For tourists.. we don't know french and the entire menu is in French! Luckily we had a server who translated 80% of the menu for us. Oh, and service is a tad slow. You have to flag your waiter down.
4	Ack!  A pity that we came in here AFTER dinner and so we only had wine and dessert.  Next time I come to Montreal I will have to do dinner here proper.  We kept watching amazing plates float by us as we had to settle for our cheese plate.  The atmosphere was great, and the buzz lively.  This definitely looked like the place to be.
5	Incredible. Amazing. Absolutely recommended. We rolled in early and without a reservation -- luckily we were offered a spot on stools near the front. Any later we probably wouldn't have been so lucky. Another point of luck was that there was an English menu available, which proved highly useful given some of the unusual ingredients present in the menu.We formulated a plan that of course included a small charcuterie plate for the two of us, and three dishes after that which sounded good. But we decided to ask our server's recommendation (our server was terrific, btw, so we absolutely trusted him), which changed our order completely (except for the charcuterie, which is a must.) We ended up going with the Braised Onion with Mackerel, the Veal Tataki with Sweetbread (would NEVER have ordered this on our own) and the smoked duck.  All were spectacular.  Truly! And affordable! We didn't try any wine as we were on a bit of a beer bar tour and felt it necessary to stay with beer to preserve our well-being.
5	My boyfriend and I were referred to Le Comptoir on a weekend trip to Montreal.  The small restaurant has a wonderfully local feel and a very comfortable but lively ambiance.  We had the small charcuterie plate to start, and octopus with chorizo and chicken manicotti for entrees. I would not even order octopus in many of my dining experiences, since it has to be prepared just right.  This was an incredible meal and the octopus was prepared perfectly!
3	you got your head in the cloudsLe Comptoir is a charcuteries et vins bar, and it's very "happening".  It hold a promising title: "One of Canada's Best New Restaurants"I was sadly underwhelmed, but that might have had to do with the mind-blowing meal (see le Quartier general) I had the night before.Our dinner at Le Comptoir was still delicious, but I was neither blown away nor disappointed. I loved the vibe though. Laid back yet lively. The menu is a bit daunting, so I looked to the server for help.  When I asked him what his favourites were or if he could recommend something, he said, "I don't know, that's hard". I disagree.  To be passionate about food is to be secure enough to just say your opinion. There is never a wrong answer.  No answer means indifference.My sister and I decided on the tuna.  It was beautifully plated and had a lot of potential.  It was such a perfect piece of fish but I wanted the dish to shine, it just flickered.The short ribs were spectacular.  As for the charcuterie, it was fine.  But if you had Black Hoof's board in one corner, and Le Comptoir's in the other; the latter would be DOA.
5	Excellent meal. If I have to find fault, it is likely the small portions that are served but considering their reasonable prices that's really hard to fault. The charcuteries appetizer was certain nice and beautifully presented. The main course including crispy pork and octopus were excellent and looked beautiful. The plates are right sized if you are planning on having three course and the prices are reasonable considering the quality of the food that you are getting.
5	If you live in Montreal, you are shit out of luck for one simple reason. There are very few good restaurants that are open on Sundays and Mondays. This is when we, foodies, are suffering from unbearable hunger and humiliation of eating regular food. However, those who look hard enough, will always find a solution. Welcome to Le Comptoir. My foodie retreat for Sundays and Mondays. While it might be way too packed/loud on thu/fri/sat, the ambiance is perfect early in the week. Food is awesome. Their octopus is one of the best I've tried in Montreal. Wine selection is decent. All dishes are $14-$20, so it is something in between tapas and regular restaurant meal size. You might want to order 3 things for 2 people. Their charcuterie plate deserves separate mention. The only place that competes with Le Comptoir charcuterie-wise is Bavette Chez Simone. However Le Comptoir kicks Simone's ass in mustard. House mustard is absolutely insane. I even bought couple cans for home use. Highly advised. You can literally spoon it raw, without anything else. And you won't feel bad about it. Other pros when you go to Le Comptoir on weekdays: -tons of free parking on St Laurent-your ex will not find you there-dishes are small-ish so you won't feel as bad for pigging out yet another day in a rowAll in all - great place. See you there!
5	This place is absolutely stellar!!! I wanted to make a reservation via email and they called me to make it as I am in the U.S. I had the most delicious combination of chanterelles, pork tongue & ravioli stuffed with parsley root alongside an absolutely fabulous piece of salmon accompanied by tarragon oil and puree of celeriac. Tres bon!
4	9 months later, we came back for the food.  And what an experience.  The first thing that came to mind was "food porn", but not the classy kind of porn... It's the raw edgy porn that you don't quite know what to make of.So we sat at the bar, which is alongside the kitchen so you get to see how these guys work.  For 2 hrs we were completely mesmerized at the pace and precision.  Meat, spices, vegetables and sauces flew across our view with alarming speed.  I think we saw every single dish on the menu, made and plated.  If a dish was prepared even slightly wrong, or plated wrong, they threw it all away and started over.  A lot of pride in their work.If you are a beef or pork lover (which I am not) then this place will be your heaven.  You can literally see how the sausage is made.  It was a bit unnerving to watch them pull huge trays of random meat parts out of the oven, drain off the fat into one bucket, and use giant tongs to put the rest into another bucket that got carried off for grinding downstairs.  Not sure how I felt about that part of the experience.There were maybe 3 things on the expansive menu that didn't include beef or pork, so we had those.  A lobster tart, an almost raw salmon dish, and a cauliflower dish: all excellent, unique, and made with a variety of textures and flavors.  The salmon was the winner though.While not the kind of place for someone like me to frequent, I can appreciate what I saw.  The chefs are friendly, interactive, and entertaining.  Sit at the bar, and you'll be treated to a dining experience like no other.
5	Oh, like usual we came in like beavers that have never gnawed on a birch tree. We ordered the first half of the menu and then ordered almost the second half. All around votes for FANTASTIC! The Charcuterie platter was good, but could not outshine the other plates. Crispy pork belly, lemon foam, apples, radishes & cilantro----crisp and golden was the pork, the foam was just the right accent. Pressed pulled pork sandwich, pickle, old cheddar, bbq sauce---delicious, the highlight was the sauce, but we are pulled pork pros so anyone else would probably love it. The roasted cauliflower, anchovy puree, arugula, slow cooked onion, fried bread---the friend bread was a wonderful mini crouton sprinkled all over the plate, the anchovy heightened the flavor of the plate without tasting at all like anchovy, the cauliflower texture perfect. Roasted beet salad, celery "a la grecque", goat cheese, watercress, argan oil---was well done. Lobster tart, slow cooked onion, roasted tomato, tarragon, creme fraiche, arugula---the tart was a wonderful crisp disc, laying in the creme fraiche, tomato juice and tarragon topped by the rest. This was the ultimate dish for me, if my very expensive purse had a "to-go" container in side (this is something I'll have to work on) I would have ordered one to eat on the drive home. The lobster was perfectly cooked, as were the onions, there were savory and sweet tones to this dish, and the contrasting textures were just perfect. It's right up there with the kim chi bouillabaisse at Bistro Petit in Brooklyn. Roasted squash, creamy ricotta, "ceci", heart confit, lemon vinaigrette, mint---the heart was so tender and sliced just the right size, fried ceci beans can sometimes be very tough or hard, theirs were sublime. Asparagus salad, marinated morels, smoked duck marget & cold onion soup---this is one of two dishes that really stood out in the produce/veg arena, the mini morels were delicious, asparagus were crisp tender, tasted and looked fresh picked, they were the highlight of the dish which brings me to....Glazed sweetbreads, green pea salad, slow cooked onion, guanciale, arugula cream---the peas were again reminiscent of fresh picked, I am not a championer of the pea but these were fragrant with pea-ness, unlike other yelpers our sweet breads were not overly saged. White wine braised octopus, potato and creme fraiche tartlet, roasted onion lived up to the positive feedback others have left. The octopus was absolutely tender. We ended the event with Ganache au chocolat guanaja creme lergere au citron amandes roties meringue sechee & foam cassis, delicious although the crunchy bits took away from the wonderful consistency of the chocolate and fruit topping. Ananas cuit sous vide mousse chocolate blanc coconut gelee de fruit de le passion norsette, menthe. The pineapple was succulent but the best part was the coconut which reminded me of the horrid coconut covered marshmallows that I used to eat as a child; they were the way I always wished the nasty nubs of my youth would taste. Each of the six of us favored a different dish, none of us were disappointed by any. This restaurant was masterful at putting all of the right bits on a plate to concoct the perfect bite!
5	nothing but love it
1	Le Comptoir was the worst dining experience I've ever had in Montreal.I'm generally sympathetic to a restaurant even if there are significant flaws, but Le Comptoir, in my opinion, committed the worst offense: the staff were unapologetically antagonistic towards me and my company.The good: This is really unfortunate because the food, decor, and overall presentation is great. I had a tasty pork sandwich that was very hearty, came with a punchy BBQ sauce, charred just the right way, and exquisitely presented.The bad: I made a reservation the day before and we showed up 5 mins late, but given that more than half of the tables were vacant, it did not seem to warrant any concern. Nonetheless, our server was immediately rude, gave us a bad table, ignored requests, reprimanded us for splitting the bill, and proceeded to chat with her coworkers for a full 15 minutes AFTER she saw us signal to her for attention.What it came down to: we're Anglo, they're not, and they absolutely did NOT want us there. Our server insisted on speaking French throughout, which made ordering awkward for a few of us. As an American living in Montreal, I recuse myself from Franco-Anglo frictions (alleged or actual) and I'm not offended by some haughty, card-carrying sepratist, but what I think is patently unacceptable is poor service!We headed over to Kem CoBa after for a treat and to wash down the bad taste that was left and all was mended!
5	One of the best meals I have had in Montreal.  We came early and sat at the counter to watch the head chef and I gotta say that guy's got his mojo on.  The food was precise, complex and delicious - and though it was a little decadent I felt perfectly satisfied after the meal. The weakness were the desserts, though made up for by their creativity.
4	Bel endroit, bons vins, bons plats + bonnes charcuteries ! J'y retournerai !
3	Basically this is one of those trendy/tacky open kitchen restaurants to charge a little too much for what they give you.The food is okay and the wine list is okay, I'm only giving it three stars because I just find it too pricey for what it is.But I have to say I got fantastic service from the hostess. We walked in without a reservation, she took our name and number and we went down the street for a drink. As soon as a table opened up she called us and we came over quickly. Very cool!
5	There really isn't anything else I can write that hasn't been written before me on the 5 star reviews for LE COMPTOIR CHARCUTERIE ET VINS. Myself and boyfriend arrived on a Monday evening recently with no reservation, at 5pm. We were invited to sit at the bar and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Everyone of the staff, including the hostess engaged with us, which is something we always appreciate. Their knowledge of the menu and help with selection from the menu and wines was superb. Staff are a credit to the restaurant. The tables began filling up very quickly from 5:30 ... We felt we had the best vantage point for kitchen and people watching. Hostess suggested we order no more than 5 choices between us, especially since we knew we would be having desert. The tongue especially stood out for me as an exceptional dish. The deserts .... To die for. So good I could have easily licked the plate clean.I felt it was well worth the bill.
1	When it's so difficult to reserve at a restaurant, your expectations obviously rise about the type of service/food you can get there. First time I went, even with a reservation, we had to wait 45 minutes in line. While normally at other restaurants the waiter apologizes and sometimes even offers you drinks on the house for this unforeseen wait, the waiter rudely said it wasn't his fault and we just need to wait or leave.Overall, nothing special, it's a typical newly opened plateau bistro that claims to be much more than it actually is. Small appetizers, while nicely presented, are mostly bland, no originality in the tastes and sizes are ridiculously small.Second time around, ( why we even went back is beyond me)the new waiter is even more rude than the first time around, refuses to speak in English, is absolutely unattentive to our table and does what no waiter is ever allowed to do to a customer, calling us cheap and asking us to never come back to this restaurant( each bill was around 25-35$)!!!! I have NEVER seen this type of demeanour in any restaurant not even in France, where the waiters are infamous for being rude.Don't go there, it is not worth your money, nor your time
4	Get the charcuterie plate! It's fantastic.The braised octopus was nothing to write home about, but the crispy pork belly was delicious.Great service, nice wine selection, tasty food.
4	Came here for a quick drink before our dinner reservations elsewhere. As walk-ins on a Saturday night, we were able to get two seats by the window quite fast. Everyone else had to wait (HA HA!). Apparently you can only drink with an order of food since they don't have a full liquor license. However, we didn't know that and had already ordered our drink so they let it slide for us just that once. A+ for that! The food on the menu looked good for small bites with wine, I would definitely want to try it in the future.10$ for a glass of good pinot noir, not the best, but good enough.
4	Nice joint with a fabulous wine list and an ever changing menu! If I could, I would opt for a taste of each item on the menu. Alas, one does need to make choices.The charcuterie plate is always a good choice and the crispy pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth delicious! Overall, this place is worth a try!
4	The food was great and the service was as well, but the kitchen's rhythm was quite off during our latest visit. First, the large charcuterie plate is immense, and is a great value. The cumin salumi was especially wondrous. Our vegetarian diner had the beet salad which was quite decadent. In terms of mains (small plates for the most part), our party had the sweet breads, pork belly, cotechino, cod, and the gigantic one pound pork chop. Everything was lovely and cooked to perfection with two caveats. First, the sweet bread portion was quite small, only coming with two glands. Second, the cod, which we were told was pescaterian, ended up being covered in salumi. That said, everything was decadent, and the massive one pound pork chop was especially glorious. Throughout the night, however, the kitchen had trouble preserving a good rhythm in bring about the plates, despite the restaurant being quite calm, and there were a few unfortunate lulls in our dining. To bracket the night, we had the carrot cake and the poached pear chocolate cake. Both were worth it. A note of advice on this place - you might want to pace your ordering, and order multiple "main" courses as the plates are quite small (save for the pork chop).
5	Great restaurant. Not too expensive. Small plates, big flavors. Food was amazing. Great wines. Friendly staff.
2	I was excited to try this place, having heard about the "great" charcuterie platters...honestly, I've had better and I've definitely been treated better.We walked in for a quick drink and a bite after the theater and were able to get a seat at the bar right away on a relatively busy saturday night.We ordered a glass of wine each and asked about the charcuterie plates - the waitress seemed bored and dismissively answered that the large had more "grams" than the small adding "its not like me telling you how many grams are in it will tell you much" - right. We asked if the small was enough to share and were told it was.The charcuterie plate was nothing to write home about - 2 pates and some poorly cut sausage rings...The kicker came when we asked the waitress for the bill and she informed us there was an "issue". They don't have a full liquor license so customers have to order food as well...since we ordered a plate we stared at her blankly...so she added "no, you should have ordered one EACH" then she went on to say that they make exceptions for those with reservations but we didn't have reservations so.... Not following her diatribe, we stared at her until she continued, "but I guess no one told you and you're putting it on one bill so I guess its ok this time...but know for next time."Know for next time? Last I checked, it was the restaurant's obligation to inform patrons of their policies, before they order; had she told us we needed to order a plate each we would have obliged. And what's the deal with making "exceptions" for customers with reservations only? Is my walk-in business not wanted?I doubt there will be a "next time".
5	Others may have had spotty service, but I love this place. The food is among the best in Montreal that I've had, the effort that goes into preparing it incredible. The kitchen staff works hard and takes their work seriously.Have to say that I had no idea they had a limited liquor license that requires each patron to order something with a drink. And my first stop here was shortly after they opened. I don't think I could ever stop in here and not be tempted to order a couple of the small plates with my glass of wine.The charcuterie includes some great things, the house-made pates in particular. I've always liked their pickled veg as well. But the other plates are what really shine. Among the dishes we had was the beet salad, with a nice tang of orange, and the pressed lamb - exceptional. Our favorite this time was probably the Cotechino, a surprising and rich dish with caramelized pearl onions, beef & red wine sauce, and a lobster foam that the waiter recommended.The asparagus salad also looked great, and the guys seated next to us ordered the octopus which they generously let us sample - cooked to perfection. That'll be for our upcoming visit.While these are small plates, they're prepared meticulously, with tremendous attention to flavor and balance. They're good, filling servings. We've always liked sitting at the bar, where we can watch the staff work their magic, and where we've always wound up talking with those seated beside us. This is one of the spots we'll be returning to during our visit.
4	This was the last stop on our culinary tour of Montreal. It's a smallish restaurant with a laid back and hip vibe. We chose to sit at the bar so we could watch the chefs cook our food. We were absolutely fascinated with their technique and perfectionism (especially since they were young guys who you wouldn't expect to be chefs at all). The dishes are tapas style. Between my boyfriend and I, we ate 3 dishes and a dessert and felt content (but could have definitely had more). We started with the sweetbreads which were amazing. So delicate and tender. I would highly recommend ordering these. We also got the pork belly which was tender and delicious as well. We finished with the lobster tart which was good but a tad too rich for my taste however still enjoyable. We finished up with the chocolate pate which was chocolatey and light. My only regret is that we didn't try at least one more item. Everything looked fantastic as we watched them cook. A lot of thought, effort and pride went into each complex and tasty dish.
5	One of my favorite spots. Perfect food, great wine, cute set-up. The dishes are not too big, so you could easily have two each. It's hard to get a table for more than 2 people unless you reserve in advance, but sitting at the bar is perfect for a one-on-one dinner! You have to do the homemade charcuteries (the cotechino is to DIE for, and so it their cumin mustard!!) and they will offer you a new take on a beet and goat cheese salad - finally!! If you're feeling fancy, the lobster tart is amazing and make sure you save some room for desert!!
5	Le Comptoir is one of my favourite restaurants in Montreal.  Every time I come here I'm always extremely satisfied with my food.  Everything is done so beautifully here the cooks are artists.  If you aren't a big group I suggest seating at the bar it's the best seat in the house.  The kitchen is right in front of you when you are at the bar and it is truly an entertaining show watching them prepare the food.  Watching them cook you can tell they love their job and you can taste it when your food arrives.
4	Nice place. I liked the good atmosphere, food is good but portions r too small. Clientele seem nice and classy.
3	Great ambiance and service, but food was not good despite the inventive menu.  We ordered about half the items on the menu, but was a bit disappointed by the taste. The lamb turned out to be a cold dish and not very flavorful, the beef had an odd taste to it and the porchetta was also ok only. The octopus and the lobster pie were good.
4	Nice to be back here early recently, walked in at 5pm with a reservation just in case, empty but started to fill up quickly all around us as we enjoyed our wine and charcuterie platter. The first glass I was served white wine in was stained with red wine which I only noticed over halfway through. Gave me a wee heebeejeebee but it was whisked away quickly with sincere apologies and didn't appear on the bill, so I recovered.
4	Lovveeddd it!We wanted to go somewhere that had a nice interior, good vibe, and of course delicious food for our Montreal trip and this place was perfect.We booked a reservation and came in around 9pm. Ordered a bottle of red, can't remember what but it was quite good. My boyfriend and I split 4 mains and it was the perfect amount of food. Cod w/ Potatoe Puree: The cod was perfectly fried and crispy on the outside and soft and fresh on the inside. It was surrounded by a potato puree je pense and some chili oil? Really good!!Cotechino: It's some kind of cooked sausage/salami thing. It was definitely really tasty, but I guess I could've gone for something more adventurous.Grilled Octopus: One large octo-leg, grilled well and soft on the side. Lamb w/ Pears: It didn't look like lamb, looked like more of a pork terrine type thing. I loved it though, it came with pears and a cream sauce.Our friends got a couple things which I'm not sure I can remember well. One was the charcuterie which looked very cute. The meats didn't look particularly exotic and the portions looked small. Not sure if they were happy with this. Also they didn't seem to like the Tuna tartare dish and left half uneaten which cause the the waiter to scoff. He was nice up until that point, but that was weird. Also, it took almost 2 hours for all our food to come out so I had to take a point off. Would I be back? Might go back to MTL just for this...
5	We walked in to Le Comptoir without a reservation, and we got a great seat at the counter, where we could watch all of the hipster-esque chefs cook beautiful dishes all night long. We watched them send out dish after dish, and everything looked -- and, more importantly, tasted -- delicious. We did not order the charcuterie, which was probably a mistake, but we did have the beet salad, braised beef loin, porchetta, and the shrimp ceviche. The shrimp ceviche was probably our least favorite, but we still enjoyed everything. They also had a great wine list with lots of approachable wines by the glass, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. A great dining experience all around.
4	Food was (again) awesome. The homemade charcuterie on the butcher's block is awesome and tonight I also got the fried lamb square... So good and surprising because served cold!Quite busy for a Sunday night, and I want to point out that you can buy wine by the glass... Always appreciated when you want to give it a try to multiple choices!
4	The Spot:Bringing a casual setting and price point to the Montreal French bistro dining experience, Le Comptoir Charcuteries et Vins offers up astonishingly inventive meals and lively atmosphere late into the evening in its open kitchen space on the corner of St-Laurent and Villeneuve. Drawing inspiration from the Italian enoteca, the restaurant caters to any diner's needs with an always-evolving variety of small to medium plates ranging from home-cured charcuterie to delicately poached fish, to a hearty beef short rib. Whether you walk in for an early dinner or a late bite, sit down at the long wooden counter with a friend or a loved one, order some wine, and sip it slowly while watching the staff labour over beautifully plated gourmet food. Once you see something that looks good, order it. Then order more wine to go with your meal. Eat, drink, repeat. You won't be disappointed.What's Really Good?Scan the tempting chalkboard menu, narrow your order down to a few choices, and then add a platter of Le Comptoir's home-cured charcuterie to begin your meal. Served on a wooden board with pickled vegetables and an out of control cumin spiced mustard that's also prepared in-house, the very generous assortment of sliced dry sausage, foie gras mousse, and cold cuts will start you off right. Depending on the night, you may be lucky enough to find some porchetta di testa on your board; this heavily marbled slice of rolled pork head is drizzled with olive oil and is so impossibly tender that it dissolves into salty, subtly smoky heaven the second it hits your tongue.Almost all the prepared dishes will satisfy, but notable choices include a plate of roasted cauliflower served with anchovy puree and arugula salad, the very popular lobster tart piled high with chunks of choice lobster meat, sweet bread and green pea salad, poached mackerel with hazelnut butter... quite frankly it's almost impossible not to recommend a menu item here. It may be easier to choose a favourite, in which case I suggest the crispy pork flank with apples, coriander, radish, lemon foam, and barbecue sauce; the fatty pork and smoky sweet sauce play against the acidity and bitterness of the other ingredients, jolting all your taste buds at once with intense flavours that satisfy more and more with each bite until you're left with an empty plate in front of you and an almost inappropriate look of satisfaction spread on your face.The restaurant's ambitious flavour combinations and sexy plating continue with dessert. Chocolate terrine with wine poached pears and masala caramel, Pineapple cooked sous-vide with white chocolate-filled coconut fondants and passion fruit gelatin, and goat cheese cheesecake with honey foam are typical choices. The chocolate terrine bursts with deep cocoa flavour, and the pineapple dish combines textures in a way that few restaurants in the city even attempt. An always-available cheese platter served with bread from Guillaume bakery offers a alternative to sugar and provides a great excuse to sample Le Comptoir's dessert wine selection.You'll Wanna Know:Unless you plan on stopping in for a late meal (After 10pm), make sure to call ahead. The laid back vibe and low prices (no dish costs over $20) make for an attractive combination and the restaurant fills up for dinner almost every night of the week. While the restaurant does offer group seating, the real show is at the counter; working up an appetite while observing the staff prepare your drool-worthy dinner is an unbeatable experience (it's also a great distraction, especially when the conversation with your date isn't flowing so well), and so Le Comptoir is best enjoyed as a one-on-one night out.While dishes rarely disappoint, the slightly experimental nature of the cuisine makes for occasional missteps in the preparation of some ingredients; a crab salad that's since been removed from the menu came doused in an overpoweringly creamy dressing, and the wine-poached pears in the chocolate terrine dessert are too firm and undercooked to be served in that format. Also, while the wine list is very reasonably priced, the low-cost options aren't fantastic, so if you've come for good wine, be prepared to order something further down the list.In addition to dinner every night, Le Comptoir offers a lunch menu from Tuesday to Friday and serves brunch on Sundays.
4	This swanky and hip restaurant and wine bar was our first stop to eat after a long drive into town from Vermont on a Friday night.  Make sure you check out the photos, because the highlight, for me, was the charcuterie plate that was packed full of spicy Italian meat and pate deliciousness.  I can't recall everything else we ate, but the service was excellent and the server made some excellent wine recommendations for us.  This place will fill up, so give yourself some extra time if you're arriving off the street during dinner hours, but that said, I thoroughly enjoyed our experience.
5	A great find! A relaxed ambiance, great meat dishes, at a fair price. A restaurant where tartare and pulled pork are not at the forefront of the menu, refreshing.
5	Wow just had dinner here tonight and it was so amazing. I sat at the bar with full view of the open kitchen. Watching them prepare the food was like watching a pit crew in NASCAR. They were smooth and efficient.The food was even more amazing!!Beet Salad - Heirloom Tomato SaladOctopusSweet BreadsRooster Sous vide
4	We came here after an afternoon of drinking at dieu de ciel. We had a charcuterie board, sweetbreads, rooster with cranberry, and the cauliflower. Everything was delicious but the portions are very small so don't come too hungry. The prices are not that expensive but considering the portion size, it adds up if you order a lot of plates. The sweetbreads were outstanding so make sure you order them. Also one of the pates on the charcuterie board was amazing. We could have eaten a giant block of that. Although the wine list was long, only a few wines were available by the glass. While we really enjoyed one of the reds, the other one we ordered was very acidic.
5	I threw my bike in the car and drove the 5.5 hours up to Montreal from the NYC area to spend a couple of days eating, drinking and looking at art (the Peter Doig show at the Fine Arts Museum is, in my opinion, worth the trip..).  This past Wednesday night I had drinks at the amazing Plan B on Mont-Royal.  The bartender recommended Le Comptoir and claimed it was the best thing going in Montreal at present.  I can't really speak to that, however I *can* say that it was the best thing *I* have experienced in a LONG TIME.  Why was it the best?  After all, I live just outside NYC and NYC is nothing if not a foodie town.  Well, the extraordinary combination of location, ambiance, menu, ingredients, quality preparation and plating/presentation.. The restaurant is located in a seemingly hip part of Montreal with lots going on day and night.  The ambiance- I stopped in around 9pm.  The place was very full of lively people in their 30s and up animatedly talking and eating and oohing and ahhing over the dishes being presented to them by the waiters/cooks - yes - that's the other cool thing about this place - as far as I can tell, the person who takes your order and discusses the menu with you may be the same person who goes back to the open kitchen behind the counter and prepares your meal.  The lunch menu is up on chalkboards facing the counter and the seating area.  the dinner menu is on a card that you're given, with the wine list, when you sit down.  The night I was there there were about a dozen dishes on the dinner card and it was difficult to decide - sweetbreads or octopus or squid or beet salad or pan roasted cauliflower... ??I ordered the cauliflower which was served with anchovy mayo, arugula, slow cooked onion and fried bread (croutons, basically).   I also ordered the white wine braised octopus, potato and creme fraiche tartlet with chorizo and toasted onion.   But were really quite delicious.  Gillian T. gave a 2-star review complaining about the portion sizes given the prices of the dishes and, you know, I can't say she's wrong.  My bill turned out to be $50 CAN for the 2 dishes, 1 very small glass of very delicious white wine, tax and tip which did kind of seem a lot -- even though everything was SO DELICIOUS. All in all it was a great dining experience which I would (and probably will) repeat - however, Gillian T is correct that this place should be in closer to the $$$ category given the portions which are beautifully prepared and plated yet kinda modest in volume.
5	This is the first place my boyfreind and I hsd our first day & ever since weve been going there.. the first time we didnt know what to order so because we love food so much!! We decided to order almost everything.. so now when we go , we know exactly what we like.. I love the fact thats its an open kitchen and I always make sure to get seats at the bar , I just enjoy watching them cook , also they take it to a whole other level , the way they plate , its like art! It is art! People are freindly and so nice .. the meat platter is to die for & everything is made in house. So you can only imagine the goodness thats on your plate! If your from montreal & never been .. drop whatever it is youre doing and GO its an expirience :)
4	I would would give a 3.5 honestly. The food was great. I had the shrimp ceviche with ravioli, fried cod and octopus. Ravioli was silky, good amount of stuffing. Cod was my favourite. It says fried, but it's not dipped in oil, there is a layer of friend crust on top with potatoe puree. The cod was soft, cooked perfectly. (I'm a seafood fiend!). The only thing was that there were thin slices of some sort of sausage on top of the cod which I didn't think needed to be there. The fish was amazing on its own and the toughness of the sausage kinda threw me off. Octopus was not bad. Something was missing from the dish, couldnt pin point what. But, it was cooked properly, it was tender, not chewy as i feared it would be. So, as I said the food was great, why 3.5 stars you say? The waitress handed us menus and disappeared for 20 min without checking to see if we were ready. When finally I found a way to make eye contact with her, we were able to put in our orders. The bread came after our first dish came out and then for dessert, I also ordered a coffee which came after we had completely finished our dessert. Very odd timing. I think she forgot about us a few times but before we could ask for anything, she remembered at the last minute. It was full house on a Monday night, but I do expect a nicer restaurant to have good service. But overall, good experience! I would definitely go back to try other dishes and for the COD!
4	5 star food, 4 star price, 3 star service, 3 star portions. Ceviche and dessert recommended
4	Great food but portion is a bit small for guys an some girls like me... Place is tiny so recommend reservation before your visit:))
4	Nice! Had a very nice aperitif and few bites before dinner later elsewhere. We liked the super friendly service. The menu is creative, fresh, and very well prepared. The wines, which I crave, are on the natural side, meaning the terroir stands out. Yum!  The portions are nice to share, especially on the counter, overlooking the busy kitchen. Lively and lovely for an evening start!
5	If I owned a restaurant, it would be something very similar to Le Comptoir. I wanted to try this spot for a year before I finally got to and it didn't disappoint at all.The food was served in the most ideal portion sizes so that I could get several dishes to try, but still have enough to get my fill of it and actually end up full without feeling ripped. The prices for the dishes range from 10 to 20 bucks and none of them disappointed. Every dish was interesting to say the very least and were all tasty. We tried A LOT... almost the whole menu (party of 2 only) including a repeat of the Pan Fried Cod. The Cod was the best dish of the evening. The flavors were subtle, but there was still a lot going on. It was quite a revelation in multiple ways. I always thought Cod was whack until I had it here. Always too flaky, dry, and overcooked, but not here. The clams were also really great too as I never really cared for them either before this dish. The Potato Mousseline with that Smoked Paprika oil was awesome too and the whole thing just came together beautifully. It's not heavy at all so you can go ahead and enjoy other stuff. Basically you really can't go wrong here with what you order. You can ask the servers or the cooks for recommendations as well since the cooks cook right in front of the bar which I think is awesome. They're really cool and down to earth, as are the servers/hosts.The decor and overall ambiance of the place is what drew me here in the first place. It's so casual and classy without the pretentiousness and the ridiculous prices. I would so come here after work to have a glass of wine to go with some delectable food. Too bad I live in Los Angeles though...
5	Top notch.  Everything was excellent, but the house charcuterie plate was particularly notable; get this!  Even though the place was busy and we had no reservation, the staff were attentive, friendly and helpful, including with an excellent wine suggestion.  Low key, high cuisine.  Absolutely worth visiting.
5	My girlfriend and I arrived to our AirBnB in Mile End only two hours before the symphony. Short on time, we hopped to this place and it was special.Fabulous, small-plate menu with intuitive yet interesting flavor combinations, good prices for value, and wonderful, warm staff.  Despite not having a reservation, we were served with grace and friendliness.
5	I'm a big fan of Le Comptoir. Have tried it twice and it was an awesome dining experience. I tried roasted beet salad, glazed sweetbreads, pan-fried cod, albacore tuna carpaccio, eggplant & ground pork mezza luna and smoked yellow sturgeon. You def have to order the beet salad, a must. It's an explosion of flavours in your mouth.For dessert, ivory chocolate ganache, which was heavenly. Also, strawberry panna cotta. This one was also delectable. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and excellent service as usual, open kitchen, chalkboard menu and great vibes. What else can you ask for?THX Antoine!PS They serve brunch on sundays. :)
5	Went in for dinner when I was in town for the Grand Prix Cycliste. Unfortunately I was by myself and so didn't get to take full advantage of the menu, all of which looked amazing, but having saved both my money and my stomach by skipping lunch I was able to fully appreciate the charcuterie board and sweetbreads over a pea broth with arugula, both of which were fantastic! place has a hip vibe, very friendly and accommodating staff  (my paltry knowledge of French was not a problem at all). I loved the open kitchen, sitting at the bar watching the chefs working together like a well oiled machine (occasional dishes actually flying to the dishpit providing some exciting "dinner theatre") was a worthwhile experience.
5	We went for dinner and it was truly amazing!! The staff was welcoming and the wine was wonderful. I had the sturgeon, Mom has the cod and my brother had the shrimp  ceviche all were perfect!!
4	Oh this place is more like a 4.5 stars! If only their espresso was better (it's a tad bit on the terrible side)... The food is amazing. The open kitchen is wonderful, and you have a front seat to the kitchen at the bar. We were there when someone was being trained, and it was nice to see a patient chef teaching someone his techniques. The dessert was not bad, but a little too sweet. This place is absolutely wonderful for a small romantic dinner.
4	A bar owner recommended this place when I first arrived to Montreal. I didn't know at all what to expect, and because the place was packed, my entourage got a table with high bar chairs, that weren't very comfortable to sit on. The menu seemed odd at first, with some very unusual ingredients, but I ended up loving my cauliflower dish big time!Trendy interior, very nice staff, and super delicious Dark & Stormy (drink). Not the most inexpensive place to have dinner in, but very cool.
5	Phenomenal experience, friendly staff (we speak no french), great service, great food, great ambiance. Would return on our next visit to Montreal.
