4	After months of anticipation, Ross has finally arrived in the Slopes!  All hail the $2 underwear, $5 sunglasses, and $10 dresses.  It's in a converted office supply store, so it has a little bit of an industrial feel to it.  But the racks are full, the merchandise is organized (as much as it can be), and they have a petite section.
5	This is the best Ross store I have been in! No Long lines to wait in, Order in the gift and house ware area, unmatched by any other Ross have been in! Order in the the clothing section, nothing on the floor, nothing falling off the hangers and shelves. Found some great deals in the house ware section. Asked a man that works there for a price on 3 items in the home section and actually got answers with price tags on them within a few minutes, like under ten minutes! The cashier was caring and careful with my glass purchases, wrapping them each and double bagging my purchase. Thank you Jordan (associate 105548). This is by far worth the trip and I can't wait to return to shop this Ross again. I don't think you can get me to another one now. It wasn't packed with people and screaming out of control kids. The selection was good and with the exception of minor chips nothing broken was found in the store!
4	I must begin by confessing... I am a Ross-junkie. It's a zen-like experience for me to wander the Ross aisles finding amazing deals on everything ranging from handbags to housewares to clothing to blank journals.  I have frequented almost every Ross in the greater Phoenix area and was THRILLED when they built one in my very own neighborhood.  (My husband was a little nervous for our bank account.)This particular Ross has exceeded my Ross store expectations on more than one occasion.  It's WAY cleaner and well kept than any other. The staff is warm and friendly. There always appears to be an attentive manager present and I almost always witness employees cleaning and organizing sections while I shop (unheard of at other locations).  As another yelper pointed out, the check-out staff take special care of any fragile items I purchase and when I've purchased more than my little hands can carry -- this happens often -- they have usually summoned carry out help before I even have to ask.My Ross store -- a Sunnyslope treasure :)
4	This Ross is great! No long lines. Always tidy.
4	Definitely the largest, cleanest and most well stocked Ross that I have been to in the Phoenix area thus far.  I was actually pretty surprised when I walked in and saw the layout and how vast it was and all that was in there, without feeling like things were stacked up on top of each other - like at some other Ross locations.  I found a few more tea-light candles in the colors we are using for our wedding and the prices couldn't be beat even on some of the major websites.I took a quick look through the shoe section and the holiday seasonal items and everything was really nicely organized - which is saying something when we are talking about shoe sections at a Ross.  Overall: AUnless I find a Ross that is a touch closer to our house that is the same as this one, I declare this Ross the winner in the Northeast Phoenix area.
3	Huge, like a Walmart inside but I was a bit dismayed since they seem to have a worse selection of items than other Ross stores. They didn't have a huge housewares section but this seems to be a good place to find clothes since most of the store's space is utilized for clothing.
3	Great in store appearance most of the time but this store lacks in other areas such as customer service. The one associate manning customer service sometimes will have a huge line and when calling for help will be left hanging at the register which leaves the customers hanging as well. This store is low in customer volume overall so has less items compared to other stores. Will at times have people loitering outside asking for money.
1	No return on a shirt that shrunk in half when washed in cold water. Seriously I know it's Ross but defective is defective!
3	Worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood, as it's large and clean. If your major experience of Ross is the one at Christown, which always seems on the verge of gang wars, this is much better. If you have the option of going to Arizona Mills, or even Arcadia Crossing, those have better selections.
5	Slow down for the day, take the store map to not get lost, has all the brands of clothes, perfumes, bags and everything you imagine. Has Starbucks, Pizza Hut and other fast food inside. Do not forget to visit the floor of the Cellar which is the part of home and food !!
