4	I was never much of what anyone would call a gamer.  Unless you count standing in the arcade, pumping quarters into a console version of Pong.  I only dream of being like that guy in King of Kong, who plays Donkey Kong for hours on a single quarter - he could go in with a buck and last for days.  Instead, I would play for like five seconds before being blasted into smithereens by a bouncing ball that looks like a square.Regardless, that is why places like Gamestop could be completely intimidating to me.  There is no Pong inside (or I have been unable to find it).  And if I could, our kids would not want it.  So I find it comforting that their staff can expertly guide me to something that our kids might enjoy.  For the low, low price of $69.99 per game.  That is not their fault, of course, and they do at least have used games that you can pick up instead.Unfortunately, most of those are for outdated game systems, which we also do not have and our kids would not play even if we did.  And that still will not help me beat that stupid bouncing ball.  Square.  Whatever.
4	I've been to many a game stop for some random games because I had a friend who worked for one & a boyfriend who loves 3rd person shooting games. Now, I am NOT a video game aficionado by any stretch of the means, and I was the girl who had no clue what RPG meant or leveling up, or even the difference in the graphic whatever ya call it between game systems. I still own my original NES. Mario, Duck Hunt... I'm good to go. That was all the shooting I needed in my life. Well a friend of mine upgraded his XBox and decided to give me his for free. My first game? Grand Theft  Auto. Holy crap. I was hooked, especially on the cheat mode. I can throw cars on people and blow stuff up??? Sign me up. Sorry Mario, but your jumping on a Goomba  or fire pellets just aren't as awesome as blowing up 15 cars with a Molotov Cocktail. Anywho, I have found that Gamestop employees are great, even for "newbs" like myself. I can go in and tell them, I have this game where I drive cars around and blow stuff up, and I can see my actual character running around and I want another game like it.... and they know exactly what I mean and what direction to point me in. This location was no different, except it seemed much smaller and had less of a selection  than the normal locations I've been to. But, I still had the same great service and even played Mario Party on the Wii. Mario, you're moving up in the world...
5	Great Place Wide Variety of Games and emplyees were experienced players.
