2	Best breakfast place in the area, hands down. Nothing fancy, but they do standard breakfast stuff properly and as expected. There's a bit of a line Saturday and Sunday morning, but it moves quickly.They also do a decent lunch, I recommend the Georgia Salad.UPDATE: I'm less fond of this place -- they screwed up my eggs benny the last couple times to the point of uneatable. I don't go here anymore.
4	Went here for breakfast this morning. The place was jam packed with people. Really noisy and hard to hear. Had to wait a few minutes to get a table. These were all good signs of a popular place with good food.Had the best home fries. Those potatoes were probably the best I've had in ages. We got a strawberry kiwi smoothie... so gooooood.Was a great place for a good breakfast. Will definitely go back there.
4	Nothing super special, but they do standard breakfast stuff pretty well. The service is so-so: sometimes really friendly and helpful and other times really slow and a bit rude. But overall a good place to meet for breakfast. The restaurant is pretty big, so you're likely to find a spot even on weekend mornings.
3	I honestly wasn't expecting much from this place. There was nothing about the interior that made me beam and when a menu has about a trillion things on it, you know that everything might be mediocre at best since they don't really specialize in anything. I ordered "The Pacific" omelette with smoked salmon. Omelette entries come with potatoes, toast and coffee. Service was quick, though we came on weekday morning. Holy. Huge. How many eggs did it take to make the omelette? I don't even want to know. My omelette was quite good but near the end I started to get bored (partially my own fault because I kept eating it after I was already quite full). I wondered what else could be in the omelette...is that something I should even be asking..? I could be wrong but the omelette definitely tasted like it had some sort of filler which I think is why it was so big. Is this standard practice in restaurants? Next, let's talk about coffee. Well, there's nothing to really talk about. Diner style refillable, weak coffee. But you know what? I didn't even mind because crappy coffee fit pretty well with the overall ambiance. I wouldn't mind coming back for brunch if someone wanted to go. Otherwise, it wouldn't be a place I'd bring someone to.
4	This is my go-to breakfast place.  They know how to make good standard breakfast fare.  Their eggs are always cooked to perfection.  Some staple items for me are the "Two and two" and the bagel lox.  One thing I do find disappointing is their hollandaise sauce; it doesn't taste very good.   They also have great service.  Despite being extremely busy, the waiters are courteous and on top of their game.  They also have a really great lunch menu, which many seem to forget about it.
4	Sunday morning after working overnight, craving red meat. Steak 'n' eggs.Dropped in here on my way home after doing a quick browse and go for something open at 7am, and was pleasantly overwhelmed by the menu. The place was quiet, just opening, and not too many people yet. I decided that take-out would score points by coming home with brunch for two, and grabbed my protein fix, some French toast with caramelized bananas, and an all-around breakfast plate (eggs, meats, pancake, etc), and asked them to wrap it all up to go.Zora didn't even blink. Just asked me how I would like my coffee.Not even 15 minutes, and everything was bagged, tagged, and ready. Awesome.The eggs were perfect, steak was good, potatoes rock. Only negative on the plate was the ham in the breakfast plate, it's not the thick sliced variety, but more of a charcuterie sandwich ham, and that lost them the 5th star. The French toast went down as an indulgent and decadent dessert. Was good but next time, I think I'll try the apple-cinnamon instead.Didn't take photos, was too hungry, sorry. Definitely a repeat.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at their offerings for breakfast, I have been a resident of NDG for the better part of 8 years and have passed by this establishment many many times before today when my girlfriend and I decided to dine here for a late breakfast. It was a very decent meal, I really have nothing negative to say about this restaurant. If your looking for a good no frills breakfast, and pay a respectable price. This is a good place to head to. Maybe if I had to say one thing it was the host at the door, he looked like he was fed up of his job, the whole time I was there I did not see him greet ONE guest with a smile. Maybe just a bad day. No excuse it's your guests first impression of your establishment. He's better suited for a back of house position.
2	We had the Orange Cafe Benny and Veracruz Omelet... Not impressed.The coffee was horrible, either burnt or overly bitter, our waiter was mute or shy, barely spoke a word. As for the dishes the "Benny" was an odd mix of Boiled and Creamed egg mixed with too much onion and a bit of mushroom and bacon with sauce on top of bread... All I could taste was the onion and boiled egg. The omelet was better, but the odd addition of celery to a otherwise decent salsa was confusing, ultimately overpowering the taste. The save face on these plates was the potatoes, which were nicely cooked and spiced. Fruit was mostly unexistent, just a slice of orange and melon was included. The odd combinations failed to impress, and for $34 with tip for two, I don't think we'll be going back.
5	5 of 5 starsReviewed October 18, 2013 NEWI just had to try the great breakfasts when my son Patrick , a resident of N..D.G. at the time ,told me about Cafe Orange.He said you will become a regular as the breakfasts are beyond words!So my husband John and I took the family for breakfast there. We loved the ambiance, the tropical decor and the great service, Plus they have a daily special .. arrive before 9 a.m. and the cost is only $5,00!The menu is so appealing with freshly squeezed mango-orange juice or just plain OJ.They serve tasty egg dishes ,, I had poached with marble toast. The homefries are a trifle spicy with green and red peppers but"" to die for""!In fact the best homefries this Gaspe girl has ever tasted!And The coffee was so good I could have lingered for hours just savouring it! What more can I say?Just go and you will love this place!
3	This place is a bit out of the way, but if you're in the area it's a good local place to hit up for breakfast. It's not much to look at, but I didn't come here for the view.We came (not too) early on a weekend in Winter, and were seated quickly. The place is big and looked like it had a high turn-over of customers. The service was solid; quick, with no fuss. Just what I look for in a breakfast place when I'm hung-over.The big breakfast (I forget their name for it) was good, and for a reasonable price. It was anything ground-breaking, just good Quebec fare.
4	This place is waaay bigger on the inside than what I thought when I first drove by. I came here on the recommendation of my friend and it did not disappoint. A pretty big breakfast selection was offered, and the portions were big. I went with the fresh fruit, yogurt and granola, and the yogurt there was pretty heavenly. I believe that they called it a Balkan yogurt. I also love that they had marble rye bread as a toast option. My friend ordered the breakfast club which came with home fries and it looked like it was a feast for 2. Unlike other reviews that I have read, I found our server to be quite pleasant. She was attentive on the coffee refills and took our orders promptly.
5	Go there. You wont regret it!!!!!!!  Best breakfast around hands down!!!!
4	Very good restaurant. Read this Jittery Cook blog post review:http://jitterycook.com/2014/06/13/orange-is-the-new-dinner-cafe/
2	We've had breakfast and lunch here a few times recently and were always quite happy with both food and service.  But not this morning. Dropping in for breakfast, I ordered the eggs and French toast, only to find that I'd be hit up for an exorbitant $2.95 if I wanted maple syrup instead of the usual artificially flavoured stuff. After reluctantly agreeing I received a tiny (maybe 1 1/2 oz) container. Disappointing that a generally nice place would rip off customers so shamelessly. In general, Orange is better than this -- my scrambled eggs and my companion's eggs Benedict were both fine -- but this episode left a bad taste. Cora's charges 50 cents for maple syrup, l'Avenue on Mont-Royal charges nothing, and nice breakfast places I frequent in Boston and San Francisco, where maple syrup is far costlier than in Quebec, also charge nothing. They simply price their food so as to cover the cost of good ingredients.In my opinion, the Orange Cafe policy is like serving toast but demanding a surcharge if you want butter or jam instead of cheap margarine.
2	After a few visits to Orange Cafe, I notice a disappointing drop in quality.My dish -- eggs over medium, bacon and blueberry pancakes was poorly prepared and of mediocre quality. Eggs were barely cooked, bacon raw, pancakes had no flavour and served with fake maple syrup. A small container of real maple syrup costs an unreasonable  $3 (Cora's charges 50 cents for a slightly smaller quantity, some other breakfast restaurants charge nothing).When I asked that the bacon be cooked a bit more, it came back blackened.But service was okay, home fries were nice and my partner's Eggs Benedict were fine, so this place isn't all bad -- but it's a game of chance whether you get a nice meal or a disappointing one.
