4	I came upon this bakery by accident this afternoon.  I was driving away from Starbucks when I noticed a bicycle with loaves of bread in the front basket.  I came back later this afternoon to check out the store.The bakery has homemade cookie creations and they distribute Bon Breads.  Having a store with Bon in the neighborhood is great.  Since I was there after 4 PM, the bread selection was limited.  I ended up buying a package of Bon parmesan lavash.  It is excellent.  The gentleman running the store when I was there explained that they make all their cookies at the shop and they distribute Bon Breads.  It is great to have a place in this section of Summerlin where I can get Bon any day.  I will be back to get some cookies.  I was offered a sample, but I graciously declined after having had a sample bread stick.A note on where the store is.  It's on the side of the strip mall facing Rachel's Kitchen behind the Starbuck's outlet.  Unless you know it's there, it's very easy to miss.  It opened at the end of April and I have been to that Starbucks several times and I never saw the store until I noticed that bicycle today!  I'm glad I found it.
4	Shhhhh. Yes they sell Bons Breads here, but I don't want to tell anyone only because I'm selfish and want all the loaves to myself!Actually very glad for the location on this side of town. Totally stoked to be able to order whatever I want and not have to drive across town to pick it up!
5	Twas the bicycle that caught my eye. Heaven's cookies!? I imagine if this is what heaven's cookies taste like, it'd be on the patio of heaven on a swing bench with a compliment of milk, tea, or coffee with these delicious white chocolate cookies.Life is good.These cookies had me at its texture. Described like a shortbread- so clever, except no signs of any awkward mess. A kryptonite for all cookie indulgees.This crumbly, cookie has me realizing a guilty pleasure I never knew I had. Except, at the end, no guilt, just pure pleasure, with a cadence of endorphins straight from the dome.They also distribute bon breads. A cookie/bread enterprise for the needs of fresh gourmet-bread devotees. I will not forget to mention the lovely couple that runs this shop. Very endearing, they're like my new buddies. They were gladly excited to sample me a bunch of goodies from their sample table. I was overwhelmed by welcomeness. If you come on a day they have white chocolate bread, beware, it might cause you to be selfish.
5	Located in Bon Breads on Hualapai Way, it's a bit hard to find. Facing north, it's around the corner from Starbucks. They offered free samples of both, Bon Breads and Heaven's cookies. The white chocolate cookie was the winner. It reminded me of shortbread cookies, which I LOVE. Not overly sweet. Yummilicious. :)The lady who greeted me informed me of how profits from the cookies sold will go towards the puppies sold in puppy mills. It was nice to hear her so determined and dedicated in helping the dogs... as her card said, one cookie at a time. Love it.Heaven's cookies are also found at Whole Foods. The dark/white chocolates are sold in bins for $7, plus there are more mini cookies, Dark chocolate Cherry, Reese's Chocolate, and more White Chocolate sold by the dozen. If you're in the area, stop by for a free sample. You'll probably come by as I did :)
4	They are closed indefinitely!!  Oh, the horror!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/heavens-cookie-and-creations-las-vegas-2?select=V52AO_nM0rRzljkY-VoqQA#ikwRckwfRFLXpLgmAerg3g
