1	NEVER take your car here to be repaired!! Some guy backed into the passenger side of my brand new Audi and USAA, which I've been with for over 18 years, recommended Gerber as the repair facility. After I dropped the car off at their Decatur location they sent it to their Post Road location because they deal with high end cars. Not only was the car a week behind schedule, but when I went to pick it up the newly painted rear quarter panel was chipped around the gas cap. The inside liner around the gas cap was cracked. The paint was peeling off the side of the rear passenger door. The top of the window frame around the rear passenger door stuck out. The rear passenger window was loose. The tint was scratched all over the inside of the back window in multiple spots (which they had to replace). The inside cover around the side of the rear window was damaged. The rear passenger door was not aligned with the frame of the car, and the rear bumper did not line up correctly, sticking out on both sides. They also left a rivet in the rear speaker well after they did some welding, so whenever I drove around town you could hear something rolling around in the back of the car.  There were more problems with the car when I picked it up, than before I took it in to be fixed the first time, and now I had to take it in again for additional repairs!! What should have taken 2-3 weeks to fix took over 2 months! Getting into an accident is stressful enough, your insurance company, or repair facility should not add to that stress. Never thought something that should have been somewhat of a simple fix would turn into such a nightmare. STAY AWAY FROM GERBER ON POST ROAD!!!
5	Cathy there is amazing! She was so helpful it was unreal. They go out of their way to make it convenient for the customer. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	My car looked brand new, and their customer service was exceptional. I would recommend Gerber Collision & Glass to anyone who is looking for an honest, professional body shop.
