5	This was one of only 3 post offices out until midnight to pick up those taxes.  I was happy to see I wasn't the only one taking advantage of it.  Yea, yea, I'm normally better than that.  But this year The Girlfriend owed some, and rather than paying to e-file for both of us at $17 a pop times 4 (that's almost $70) I'd make the run to a post office and give her the cash instead for Uncle Sam.But anyhow - we made the drive there and as we were in the turn lane to go on Van Buren when suddenly a big guy pushing a cart comes running up to our car, looking half out of breath, followed by a guy wearing an official polo and lainyard w/ id kind of thing, and then a woman with one of those orange traffic vests and a cop.  He gestures to open the window and then it hits me that I recognize the cart. He's collecting mail.  As I lower the window he yells "Is it already stamped?".  When I say yes he reaches out his hand and, trusting the guy with the id, the cop and the every so official looking orange vest, I decide to give him our taxes.  He then makes the trek to the car behind me.Bravo USPS!  You are already working late, and working hard as this is one of your busiest times of the year.  But then you go and actually think about your customers enough to have someone waiting before a main turn to eliminate a good chunk of the traffic that would be coming into your location.  Totally made for an easy mail drop experience.  We celebrated by getting ice cream at Dairy Queen.  Thought about bringing something back for our little tax day Village people group on the street, but figured they couldn't really do their jobs well with sticky hands from that dipped cone.  But we totally give ya props.
5	This post office knows about efficiency... get 'em in, get 'em out.  Now THAT is how you run a post office.
5	I LOVE this post office. Their hours are convenient and the employees are almost ridiculously friendly and cheerful and helpful and patient. It is the polar opposite of some -other- post offices who shall remain nameless (*coughTempePostOfficeOnSoutherncoughcough*)
5	I didn't even know I could yelp about a post office!I live across the street from this post office and am quite the regular here.  I am obsessed with sending mail, so I'm always in need of stamps and special two day deliveries to cheer friends up!I LOVE this post office.  I think someone else said those exact words, but seriously, this is the most amazing post office in the world.  Every single person that works there is incredibly helpful and kind.  They are always smiling and have become my friends.  Yes, I am friends with post office workers... but once you use this post office, you'll want to be friends with them too. If I ever moved out of this neighborhood, I would go out of my way to continue using this post office!
5	THIS IS A MAGIC POST-OFFICE... First... let me say: Their FULL SERVICE Hours are... Mon-Fri 8:00-9:30pm Sat 9:00-5:00pm -- NOTE --Double Check the Full Service Hours before running out there... rumor has it the hours may be changing!Second... I drop a Netflix in the drive through box by 6:00 PM weekdays, Netflix sends out my new DVD the very next day! THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!
5	Seriously... best Post Office ever!Lines aren't that bad... staff is friendly (for the most part). One postal clerk is seriously... like the friendliest Postal worker ever. What is her name?? I forget.. I'll have to look at her badge next time I go. But I love how CONVENIENT this P.O. is. They're open til 9:30pm M-F, and til 5:30pm on Saturdays. I predominantly use the APC here. But occasionally I'll have media mail that requires me to go to the que. And just an FYI... this P.O. is a Factory. Literally...  So if you get one of those peach slips to pick up mail, this isn't the place where they hold it. This is the Main P.O. factory in PHX where everything is sorted. Tip/Trick: When I mail my items here via First Class mail, they typically arrive 2-3 days. (I think it's because this is the main originating P.O. in PHX.) So start your mail's journey here, if it's convenient for you.
5	I absolutely LOVE this post office!! Mainly because they stay open so late so I don't have to try to leave work early just to mail stuff. All full service post offices should follow their lead & stay open til 9:30pm
5	How did I not know this place was here?!I mean, I did. Ive passed it a hundred times but never thought to go there when I needed to send something.Its now my 1st choice. It may not be the closest one to me, but it is THE best. The lines were minimal (even w/ it being the holiday season), and every clerk was pleasent and helpful. Awesome!And you cant beat their hours. Open til 9:30PM on weekdays and til 5 on Sat. You cant beat it!
5	I like how everyone leaving raving reviews for this place is all "I know, 5 stars for a post office, wtf?!" BUT! This P.O. earns every star!Friendly staff! Hardly any wait! I finally (whoops) mailed out my Christmas gifts yesterday afternoon, and even at 12:30ish when the line was snaking around the whole room, I only waited 10-15 minutes. In and out!They are fully stocked on regular envelopes and boxes, those flat rate shipping products, fancy and fun holiday and birthday accoutrements, etc. etc. etc. Like everyone says, the thing that makes this location is the staff. They know what the heck they're doing, and they do it well. I know serving up quality customer service can be a bitch sometime--ESPECIALLY during the holidays. I can't even imagine working for the postal system this time of year, but they are pros!
5	This is a great post Office. They offer everything here that you need from a Post Office.They are always fully stocked with your items for mailing , the staff is friendly and the place is clean.They do Passports here as well. If you still do not have one this is the place to go.I used to drive by here many times on my way home from work, but now that I have moved it is in the opposite direction.No worries there, it is so close to my work it is great!They are always open when I need them and things seem to get to their destination much faster when you mail them from here.Of course they also offer PO boxes.The lines moved fast even during the holiday rush!
1	Have sent 2 packages to a customer in the 85040 area and neither one has been delivered.Postal Service "claims" that they have left notices on signature confirmed package.They have not been left. Now I have an angry customer and a Paypal dispute because the mail carrier is not doing there job!Spoke with two people, Kathy and some other associate. Whom were extremely RUDE! Like I was causing the problem. Leave your personal problems at home.This office needs to have a customer service training update.I will never use this service again.Going to start using UPS!At least you can speak directly to the carrier and find out whats really going on!
5	Most post offices are the embodiment of government inefficiency. Understaffed, bleary, grumpy workers, limited and inconvenient hours, zero point zero customer service effort, lines fifteen people deep, you know the drill.The Van Buren post office is a small gift from God, because it's TOTALLY THE OPPOSITE. They have extended hours, rad for those of us with actual jobs that keep us occupied between 8 am and 5 pm. They are always fully staffed with real live, smiling, helpful people who seem to enjoy their jobs. More than once, they've helped me figure out a cheaper way to send stuff and have even helped me jam stuff into smaller boxes to save some cash. The self-serve kiosk is always fully stocked and functional. Plus, my local Arcadia location is like a depressing United Nations gathering, full of depressed-looking people who appear wasted and/or haven't showered in four days. The Van Buren location is usually pretty empty, but once there were a couple of teenagers trying to send live chickens through the mail, which was pretty awesome.
5	I've had so many bad experiences with post offices but this one is the exception. The people who work here are awesome
5	How every Post Office should be!  Extremely friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and upbeat staff!  Open until 9:30 pm M-F and until 5 on Saturday.  There is even a drive-thru mailbox if you don't feel like going inside and are mailing something small with a collection time of 9 pm!  A+++++++++
5	The staff is very nice and knowledgable :) I have a mail box here and I love how this post office stays open 24-7. I found that to be a huge plus!
4	Don't really think I should give a government office a 5-star.  I'm not saying that they don't do a good job, I just don't think a rate is necessary.  But I do enjoy the quick in-n-out of this place.  Best time to go is in the morning when they opened.  Worst time to go is in the afternoon during lunch time where there are  a lot of people and not enough employees.  Good thing about this location is that they open until 9pm on weekdays and open for half day on Saturdays.
4	This place is legit! A friendly and efficient government service. As a taxpayer, this makes me somewhat hopeful, though not reallyz.I packaged a box with my items and went straight to the counter, with no line. The guy told me if I put the stuff in a flat-rate box it would be $5 cheaper. Sweet! I thought it was already in a flat-rate box, but apparently not. He grabbed one for me and transferred the items. It's quite a paradox. If USPS had a good business model they would be pulling in more revenue to get themselves out of the red, but who wants to be upsold at a USPS? Not me. I often try to avoid USPS's and opt for private industry just based on principle, but this place is so close to me, and remarkably good. It's the needle in the haystack.
4	They have the most counter employees I've seen at a post office. Not only are they fast and courteous but they have gone through several boxes from the back to find something that my item will fit in and be economical to mail. This location has a lot of semi-truck traffic, safety deposit boxes and is located in a less than stellar neighborhood. It is still an awesome example of our postal service at work.
5	Van Buren St Post office is the largest one in Phoenix, which probably puts it on the list for largest in America. But unlike some other post offices, it's clean, functional, and there's a friendly greeter at the entrance who will help you send your letter or package. Well, I just think that's swell. This is the type of post office where the post master works and you can get a passport. It has all the different priority mail boxes available. Even the rare "mailing tubes." In short the best post office ever.I have to give Yelp a shout out here, i was gonna go to a different area location, saw the terrible reviews and sorted my life out. Thanks Yelp.
5	I just had a great post office experience thanks to Terry. She was extremely nice and went out of her way to save me money and help me out. I was looking at flat rate priority shipping boxes and she asked to weigh the things I was sending. She told me that I didn't need to do the priority shipping because the things I was shipping could be shipped for cheaper. She said I came to the right place and she always tries to help people out when she can. A little gesture like this made my day.
5	Friendly staff, good parking, and affordable shipping prices. I am always in and out within 5-10 minutes!
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! And, yes, I'm talking about a US Post Office.The Van Buren Street US Post Office will have you in and out lickety-split and I guarantee leaving with a smile on your face! I'm fortunate that this Post Office happens to be in my neighborhood, but I'd seriously drive out of my way to receive awesome customer service and avoid the inevitable lines and headache at other locations.The employees at this location are always so friendly, which makes it actually enjoyable to visit the Post Office! All of the employees seem to enjoy and take pride in their work, which shows in their interactions with the customers. The other day Terry saw my ASU card and said, "Go Devils!" I didn't hear her and thought there was something wrong with my card so I mumbled, "Huh?" Then she smiled and gave me the Sun Devil Pitchfork hand sign - how awesome is that?! 10 Reasons this Location is the Best0. They have Harry Potter Forever Stamps! (okay, just a bonus reason)1. Ample parking spaces2. Friendly greeter who always says, "Have a nice day!" 3. Fully stocked mailing supplies and good selection of greeting cards4. Extended hours:  Mon-Fri 8:00am - 9:30pm; Sat 10:00am - 5:00pm 5. Knowledgeable employees help customers save money 6. Multiple customer service lanes means short wait times even with long lines!7. Employees are friendly and seem to enjoy providing excellent customer service8. U.S. Passport Office and Photo service9. Drive-by mail drop option for stamped mail10. Lobby is open 24/7 for around the clock access to P.O. Boxes
5	Terry helped me promptly when I arrived, offered to help me with the address label and so I didn't have to do the self serve and saved time.  She was very friendly and fast.  I was in and out in less than five minutes to send a package.
5	This place really does earn 5 stars1 The customer service is excellent...  I just arrived from Florida and told the front desk clerk I thought I was dehydrated from the heat, and she gave me a bottle of water!  That is going above and beyond!
5	This is my favorite post office to visit because this post office is always stocked  with plenty of  mailing boxes in various sizes, always provides fast service,  and has with enough open windows to keep the line moving quickly, it always has the sheets of possibly and it's open (with clerks available) until 9:30pm.
5	I purchased a PO Box box here, these are the most helpful and polite people I have seen in a long time.
4	My experience started with the GMF on Buckeye Rd.I have sent packages over seas at least 50 times.In comparison their price was less and very good service. With the volume of people you may have to stand in line for a while. Each customer is getting real service. We want speed but service takes time. My experience with all the people has been all are highly experienced and know their jobs. It has always been a pleasant experience and the wait justified.
4	It's a post office, so it's difficult to get too excited. This location, however, has something great going for it. It is the central post office for all of Phoenix, with a mail processing center situated next door. Take your package here and there's a chance you can shave a day off the time needed to deliver that package to the Midwest. Same possibility for First Class mail.They have more experienced and friendly staffers here than at your average USPS location. The lines are usually short, although the likelihood of getting behind someone with an unique international mailing or a package in need of repacking seems greater here for some reason. On this day I experienced both, adding significantly to my wait even though I was third in line when I arrived. Like most people, I don't go to the post office much any more, instead opting for package pickup and/or private delivery alternatives. And don't even mention letters. Visiting here is a little like traveling back in time.
5	This Post Office truly is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I drive 15 minutes out of my way to go to this particular PO rather than the one in the pharmacy near my house, which jacks up the rates for sending priority packages. (I didn't even know that that was LEGAL! Jerks.) Every employee who has assisted me at the Van Buren office is pleasant and tremendously helpful. The experts there will always advise me on how to ship whatever I'm shipping in a way that's cost-effective and appropriate to my desired time frame. Plus, they have a sense of humor. They give the USPS a good name. If you want to save money, have your stuff get to its destination, and feel good about humanity, go to this post office.
5	I never thought I would be reviewing the post office, but that day is here!  This office is the most friendly USPS I've been to in 4 different states in my adult life.  The staff is very polite and professional, attentive, caring, and proficient.  Their small (in terms of ratio of the rest of the building!) but effective window service is cleaner and brighter than many other offices I've seem.  Unlike many "abandoned" offices, this place is trying to stay alive.  For the past six months using their services, thus far nothing has happened to our packages.  Overall, I rather come here than any other nearby offices in Phoenix. :)
5	This is one of few valley post offices that stay open late, which is extremely helpful during this Christmas season (and anytime, really).  Luckily, this one is super close to my job.  I've found that as long as you're not there during peak times (5pm-6pm), the lines go pretty fast.  I don't know what the difference is between the employees here and at some of the other post offices, but they are always nice and helpful here.  I keep having to go back for boxes and labels and the one guy was so nice that he even put the tubular box together for me.They're also great with helping you get the best shipping bang for your buck.  They'll offer suggestions for packing and sending.  One employee was adamant to get all of my items in a smaller box so I'd pay less for shipping. And he succeeded! Awesome employees!
