3	The front desk needs a customer care improvement course.
2	Dr. Anjali Iyengar is, to say the least, inexperienced. So much so I would call her green. She has no bedside manner and very little tact when interacting with patients and patient care givers or relatives. She has no understanding of compassion or empathy and her answers to your medical questions are textbook perfect. She lacks common sense, patient etiquette and in my opinion has no love or caring to share with her clients. I say clients because that is what she sees us as. Nothing more. If you don't mind being treated like a non-human and getting critical care from a very inexperienced doctor then she is perfect for you. If you are looking for someone who will treat you well with care and concern while sharing personal experience then please do yourself a favor and find another cancer doctor. This person will not give two thoughts about you beyond your office visits and she quite openly admits to not caring about patients or their caregivers. Push here a little bit for answers and see what she says to you ;)
1	My mom was diagnosed with early stage colon/anal cancer.  Dr Iyengar said her gastroenterologist saved her life by finding such a small,polyp.However my mom just passed away from DPD deficiency reaction to the chemo med prescribed: 5FU.  They killed her with this treatment.  Our family mission now it to make the DPD deficiency test a pre treatment as a standard of care to prevent other families from having to go through this.  We were robbed of a mom, wife, grandma, sister, friend. The deficiency is rare, however, it can be fatal like it was for my mom.  My mom knew it was rare, but she was not given any warning signs to look for.  Had she been given warming signs, she could have received a medicine to purge/process the 5FU from her body.  However, she was admitted into the hospital just beyond the window or effectiveness for the antidote.5FU obliterated my mom's bone marrow making her unable to produce WBC.We should have had her get a second opinion from a top notch doc in Seattle.5FU in cream form can also be fatal.  Google 5FU and DPD deficiency.
