4	I was driving with my wife about 2 weeks ago when the front end of my Suburban began to squeak as I drove.  A sense of dread overcame me as I realized that the squeak didn't go away, and as the week progressed -- the squeak got worse.  It eventually turned into the dreaded 'brake grind noise' when I would apply the brakes.  (It's kinda like that sound of screeching nails on a chalkboard but worse -- it involves you not being able to stop a large object quickly, too).I'm not a mechanic by any stretch of the imagination, but I was pretty sure at least one side of my front braking system was hosed to the point of needing a new brake rotor. I discussed the situation with my significant other and I decided I would try doing something that I was totally uncomfortable with (because I had never done it before):  I was going to actually try getting estimates from at least 3 different shops and see which was the best shop to do the repair.  In the end, I got estimates from 4 shops.After getting the first shop to let me come join in the initial inspection of the brakes, I knew exactly what repairs needed to be done, and what the first shop was going to charge me for them.  I then thanked them, and let them know I'd be pricing this around -- "so put the wheels back on and I'll be on my way."   It was uncomfortable, but in addition to giving me excellent 'Yelp fodder', it turned out to be a great decision financially.  The shop that I finally decided to go with was 'Sun Devil Auto', on Frank Lloyd Wright.  Here's why.Friendliness / honesty:One of the things that struck me about this shop was how friendly they were right off the bat.  I explained that I'd like an estimate, and they were totally OK with spending a little time putting together a nice quote.   Not only that -- they were proactive in discounting the labor costs for me.  Each visit was very friendly, and they recognized me after the first visit.  They were also proactive in saving the parts they removed and discussing them with me after the repairs.  As a guy who sometimes does his own repairs on my truck, I can't tell you how much street cred they got from me with this kind of honesty and willingness to share information.  Update 4/3/2008:  I actually got a follow-up call from Sun Devil Auto to a.) See how my brakes were doing, and check on the quality of the work and b.) Thank me for my business.    The call came roughly a  week after the work was done.Attention to detail:Not only did they completely inspect the brake system (which is originally why I brought in the Suburban in the first place) but they also pointed out specific issues with my steering and an issue with my rear axle that I was not aware of.  I want to make it clear that these were not high pressure 'upsells'.  The mechanic that I worked with pointed out that these weren't safety issues -- and also pointed out that he didn't think I needed to repair these issues yet, but that it would be wise to save up for them.Price:Considering the cleanliness of the shop, the amount of repair work done, how quickly the repairs were done, and how thorough they seemed to be in their work, it continues to amaze me that they were so inexpensive.  They turned out to be the 2nd lowest bid (but were almost the lowest).  Here is a breakdown of parts / labor and my costs: Front disk brakes shoes / padsRear drum brakes shoes / pads2 new rear drums2 new rotors for the front2 new front calipers for the frontAll labor and taxesTotal cost: $789Every other shop I talked to wanted to charge me more money for equivalent (or sometimes less!) parts and labor.Quality of workmanship:So far, I can say that my truck brakes MUCH better now that the repairs have been completed.  No squeaks, no rattles, no unusual braking patterns.  Waiting room experience:Their waiting room is everything that you'd like in a waiting room:  Roomy, clean, quiet, cool (it's Arizona, after all) and with a TV, restroom and drinking water.  Why is this formula so hard to reproduce in other car shops?  It's rare to find a shop that has all of these items.Summary:I would highly recommend this auto shop for basic repairs.  They seem inexpensive, efficient, and friendly.The ways they could possibly improve their service?   Provide more free alternatives for food and drink (half a star) and provide an inexpensive or free shuttle for customers dropping off their vehicles (half a star).  On the basics of what an auto shop should be (and even a bit more) -- these guys are hitting on all six cylinders.
1	DO NOT GO!!I went in for an oil change and asked them to take a look at my a/c...NOW MY COMPRESSOR IS MAKING AN AWFUL NOISE!!  They are telling me I need a new compressor....for the tune of $1300!  I recommend going someplace else that will not make a problem in order to fix!
1	Yep.  I think they have changed management in the last year.  I have had 2 awful experiences with them in the last month.  More updates to come shortly.
5	I instinctively feel that most auto places will over charge you. My wife's Honda had a problem starting. I replaced the battery but it still wouldn't always turn over. I assumed it was the starter. I took it in to this Sun Devil Auto and told them I needed a new starter. Scott at the counter said that replacing chargers are about $300.00. I agreed as the car wouldn't start. I got a call about 30 minutes later from Scott and was told that it wasn't the starter. It was just the Battery cables and he could replace them both for $35.00 for labor and parts. I couldn't believe it. Not only did he not over charge me, he didn't just go by what I thought was wrong. He checked out the car and realized  that it was only something minor. I didn't know that corroded cables could prevent a car from starting. I have since taken my SUV in there to also have them replaced. I didn't think anyone would look at a car for $35.00. They didn't try to sell me any other service and my wife's car is running fine since.
2	I don't know what to think of this place. Had a windshield replaced. The rear view mirror fell off- no problem. They reapply the gule and metal piece used to anchor the rear view mirror- no problem. They tell me to wait til the next day to put the mirror back on- no problem. I wait til the next afternoon and it falls off again- no problem. I take it back in and they tell me I NEED TO FIX IT MYSELF- they tell me to go buy some windshield apoxy and do it myself- I was stunned.They were all so professional and helpful up to this point. Fix it myself... really?That's your customer service- go fix it yourself.
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR VEHICLE HERE.... My '99 Range Rover over-heated along Shea and I had it towed to Sun Devil Auto on Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale on the recommendation of a friend.  It was clear to me the radiator had blown.  I called in and spoke to their service advisor and he told me they could get the new radiator and have it repaired that day.  I had it towed into them and as it was being placed on the truck I noticed that there was a lot of fluid underneath the truck and feared my engine may have been damaged.  I called back into the shop and spoke to the service advisor and he told me that it was nothing to worry about...it was probably from the hot water and steam washing the engine off.  Seemed reasonable to me.  I told him I did not want the repair if the engine was bad.I did not hear from them until the repair was done and they told me it would be $776 for a radiator.  They told me over the phone that there was a little smoke coming from the tail pipe but the engine was "running strong" and it was not over-heating.  I went in and paid the outrageous charge and only then did they tell me that "there may be a possibility of needing a new engine down the road".  I drove my vehicle off the lot and I got less than 2 miles down the road when the truck over-heated again and this time the engine was making weird noises.  I pulled into another facility and they opened the hood.  The radiator lines were spraying water every where and 2 mechanics looked at it and told me that the head gaskets were likely blown and I'd need a new engine on this. I ended up just buying a new car, however I only got $400 on my trade in.  Now I concede that the engine may have had problems prior to the repair but Sun Devil Auto SHOULD HAVE INFORMED ME OF THIS AND LET ME MAKE THE DECISION BEFORE SPENDING $776 ON A $400 CAR!!!  If the engine was not blown then it was their poor craftsmenship that caused the engine to over-heat again and blow the head gaskets.  I called up the Manager who was a very arrogant man and informed him of the situation and he told me that I signed an agreement that they were not responsible for any of this and then proceeded to tell me that they fully informed me of the problem and I had chosen to have the repair made.My only recourse was to dispute the charge with Chase Bank and file complaints with the BBB and the Attorney Generals office.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR VEHICLE THERE.  Dishonest business and sales practices is what you'll get.
1	They finally wrote a letter in response to by BBB complaint that was littered with inaccuracy both in their account of the communication between us and in the way a professional repair facility is supposed to make repairs like this.  I have replied with documentation from witnesses at the scene to verify my communication to them and have supplied several websites and articles verifying that the procedure they informed the BBB was necessary is categorically false.  I am awaiting their reply.
1	I have received a letter from the BBB on this stating that Sun Devil Auto has refused to respond to their last letter containing the evidence I supplied regarding their fraudulent activity.  Know that when you take your vehicle to a Sun Devil Auto they WILL act unethically, rip you off, and ultimately ignore even the BBB.  Do you want to do business with a company that apparently doesn't care about its reputation let alone its customers?  Stay far far away.
5	This is the only place I take my car to get an oil change.  The are reliable, fast, and trustworthy also the price is around $22. I only have good things to say about this place.  They wont try to sell you a bunch of stuff. They tell you the facts. They even through in new wipers for me for free. I guess it pays to be a repeat customer.One thing I will say is the other Sun Devil Auto's suck. I would never take my car to any other Sun Devil Auto.
4	My husband likes to take his car here so I decided to give them a try. Scott was super great over the phone and in person. He was able to give me a great price for my 60k mile check and was kind enough to explain everything that was being done. Everyone in their shop was just as courteous and helpful. I'm definitely a new fan :)
1	Today (Thursday, 7/5/12) at approximately 4:30, I contacted this location and listed a few issues that I am currently having with my vehicle. I mentioned that I need to have the freon changed in my vehicle, have the oil changed and also that the vehicle creaks continually. I was told that there may not be enough time to get anything done today and was asked if I could leave my vehicle overnight. I could not, but asked if I could bring the vehicle in tonight to have the freon changed and then come back on the weekend to have everything else looked at. The individual I spoke with told me to come in as soon as possible because they close at six and were working on several things. I agreed and arrived as soon as I could, which was 5:00 PM. When I arrived, a gentleman with dark gray hair was behind the counter. He did not smile or ask how he could help me, but I explained that I called a few minutes ago and that I was experiencing the aforementioned issues. He then bluntly told me that his techs leave at five. He then asked if I could leave the vehicle overnight and I said that I couldn't and again reiterated what I was told on the phone in an attempt to get some kind of apology for driving 30 minutes out of my way. He responded, "Again, my techs leave at five. It's going to take at least an hour for an oil change." I mentioned that I might be able to bring the vehicle in on the weekend and he stated that, if I could bring the vehicle in over the weekend, I would have to leave it. After this brief conversation, he handed me the store manager's business card (which I assume is his). Given that the website doesn't state store hours, I would expected that any individual working at any Sun Devil Auto location should be held responsible for knowing the opening and closing times of the business. I also expect that my time be considered equally as important as their employees' time. Needless to say, neither of these expectations were met. Even a simple apology would have sufficed, but I was not given an apology nor was I treated as though my business is desired or appreciated. Given that I was speaking with the store manager, this was especially disappointing. As a result, I will be taking my business elsewhere.
2	After my previous experience, I was comfortable going back. The dealer mentioned that my front brakes needed to be replaced and it would cost $209. I called Sun Devil and they had a $139 special. I took my SUV in and dropped it off. I got  a call an hour later saying the drums needed to be replaced. It would now be $350. I told them that the dealer never mentioned anything wrong with the brakes just a few days ago. I told them not to do anything then. I got a call back from the manager saying I didn't have to replace the drums but it was recommended. I said just do the pads for $139 as I originally requested. They did but I think the Drums were an unnecessary upsell that most people would have no choice but to say okay.
1	A/C stopped working so I took it in; I don't usually use Sun Devil but they were convenient and I've had a fair enough experience in the past.  They said I needed a new compressor and clutch for just under $900.  I took it to my regular mechanic who said I needed a $5 bolt.That's class.
3	One of my tires needed to be replaced badly and as I can't afford a new one at the moment, I called Sun Devil Auto to see how much they charged to do a tire rotation and switch in my spare. I spoke with Steve and he said that they rotate tires for free with an oil change that was about $17.95. I made an appointment and had a coworker pick me up since they're close to my office. About 3 hours later, Steve gave me a call and said the tires and oil change were done and that my brakes, both rear and front, needed to be replaced soon. He quoted me a price and I declined to have them fixed. I'll need to get a second opinion on the brakes, but I am pleased with the services I received.
2	Have to update my review. Not a day or two after I picked up my car from Sun Devil Auto I started hearing a terrible noise from the front driver side of my car. Now I know they had mentioned my brakes were bad, but I hadn't heard as much as a squeak before and now I was hearing metal on metal after they worked on it. Thinking it may have been exacerbated by the spare tire, I took it in to another shop to have it looked at. They confirmed that my brakes were in fact bad, but their replacement package was $100+ cheaper than what SDA quoted me. I'm glad that they brought the issue to my attention, but I believe a better value can be found elsewhere.
4	Took my car in for a 70k mile check on Saturday. I had called in and spoken to Austin over the phone before dropping off the car and he was really friendly. When I dropped off the car, he asked me if there was anything I was concerned about in particular. I had noticed this loud crunching noise coming from my front right passenger wheel well but it had been happening for a while and I figured if there really was an issue, the techs would find it during the 70k inspection (why give ammo to be ripped off, right?).Austin then called me later saying they had found a substantial issue with the axle/wheel well area (as well as with an engine belt). The prices for the repairs weren't cheap but it seemed fair considering the area and the prices charged by the competition in comparison. Being a poor newlywed who has only a slight grasp on car mechanics, I really appreciated Austin taking the time to explain each and every issues/repair/cost to me. He never made me feel rushed and was very respectful and patient. It was still a bit painful paying for the repairs (when is it not??? :P) but the car drove and sounded great afterwards. Thanks to Austen and the great service experience, I will be back again.
5	Took my car for a recharge of the A/C and oil, lube, filter. While inspecting the vehicle, they found a bolt was missing off the rear trackbar (they replaced it for free), and also found I had a leaking A/C hose. Now A/C is fixed and good and the vehicle doesn't sway going down the 101.I was very impressed with their customer service and I felt they were considerate and honest. They drove me home while they worked on my car, and then called to let me know they were done, and on their way to pick me up. I dealt with Jose, Tommy, and Matthew. They were great. Very pleased with their work, their prices, and friendliness, and will be returning to them for regular service.  Highly recommended.
5	Awesome people here at Sun Devil Auto. I couldn't ask for more honest and professional people to service my vehicle. They are courteous and attentive to their customers and very amenable to their customers' schedules and needs. Matt Smith helped me and was very accommodating, getting me an appointment  at the last minute. Although I told him to perform an A/C check he refused, telling me that everything looked great and he wouldn't feel right charging me a procedure that was not necessary.
5	Great Customer Service! Honest and reliable. My mother's car began overheating and she happened to be right by Sun Devil Auto on Frank Lloyd Wright. She pulled the car in and was immediately greeted by the caring and helpful staff. I picked her up and we left her car with them for the afternoon. Jose, the service advisor called her with updates and was so courteous and professional. When we went to pick up her car, he explained that her coolant must have simply leaked causing the issue and that they topped off the needed fluids. When I asked for the total cost, he stated "I'd love to charge you, but there's absolutely nothing wrong with the car". We left with a great running car again and a smile from the amazing service we received. I highly recommend Sun Devil Auto and we will use them in the future for all of our car needs.
5	I don't know much about cars, so usually feel both overwhelmed and taken advantage of by an auto shop.  Steve at Sun Devil Auto gave me my faith back.  Took my car to the dealership cause sounded terrible and turns out had a broken exhaust.  Dealership was going to charge me $700 to weld it and to replace the part would be $3300. I called Steve because my sister recommended him and he said to bring it in so he could take a look; he didn't charge me to check out he car (I paid $100 at the dealership).  He couldn't fix it, but called another place nearby that could.  The cost to fix the car was $60.  I will never take my car back to the dealership again and will always go to Sun Devil.  Give Sun Devil a chance, they are honest and fairly priced.
5	This place is the most amazing auto shop I've ever been to. As a single woman, I was always nervous to take my car in because I've been ripped off. Steve rocks! They actually fixed a few things for free as a courtesy,  like a loose hose,  blown fuse etc. It's because they go the extra mile that I will be a loyal customer forever.  They are first class,  KNOWLEDGEABLE guys that get the job done right the first time.  Steve makes you feel so at ease in these stressful car trouble times. Thanks again to the shop and Steve,  (manager)  for caring.  I'm telling all my friends and neighbors about this shop.
