2	I'm not sure why I can't find a review for Vegas.com but I felt I needed to tell my experience. We booked a room through them and paid the upgrade for the "strip view" instead of the mountain view. BIG mistake, the view was the back of the bldg. will upload pics (horrible) our friend didn't do the upgrade and had a much better room then us.. Why do companies do that? Very disappointing. It's much better to book direct, or upgrade once you get there then you at least know what your getting.
5	A massive storm went through on the day I was leaving and it canceled all the flights and push my departure 3 days after I was suppose to leave.  That put me in vegas for 1 day.  I called them up.  They spent hours on hold for me with the airline.  I didn't have to wait.  They called me back and told me the situation.  I was able to cancel and get a full refund.  I'm 100% satisfied with my service and will book all my vegas travel through them.  I recommend this service.  It saved me from a ton of headaches.
1	Vegas.com is basically a cleverly disguised travel agency that only cares about money.  We booked a trip through them and unfortunately the person booking it accidentally chose a PM flight instead of an AM flight which gets us there hours after our appointment.  We called United airlines but they said we had to go through the travel agency which is Vegas.com.  They were completely uncooperative, unsympathetic and unwilling to do anything to help. They RUINED our trip. DO NOT BOOK ANYTHING THROUGH VEGAS.COM.  It's basically a scam.  They wanted to charge us $250 change fee to change our flight plus the difference in cost...mind you this is only a 45 minute flight from LA to Vegas.  I told them that this was my first time using them and this experience does not leave me wanting to book with them again and they said that's fine basically saying they don't care because they don't.  They wouldn't even think about waiting their $50 change fee to help us even though United said they would waive their fee.   Worst customer service ever and a horrible company that cares nothing for their customers experience and only about money. I WILL NEVER USE THEM AGAIN. NEVER
1	We rented a room in Vegas at Caesars Palace They gave us a room with a broken bed, the shower was putting more water at the bottom than at top.  The room had a window that was the whole wall, but they had a water tank as our view. the room was from the El Capone's era.  We had made the reservation about a month ahead.  We complained to Vegas.com and they said it was the hotels fault, we complained to Caesars an they said it was the people we had the reservation through, I talked to managers at Vegas.com and have not heard from them for about 2 weeks, if they are not responsible for a reservation from them, do not use them, it was a horrible experience.
1	I will never book through Vegas.com.  They had a good deal for a suite at Ceasars.  I requested two Queen beds.  I know that when you "request", it's just that, a request, nothing guaranteed.  But whenever I book through any other company, Orbitz, Hotels.com, players clubs, directly with any hotel, etc., I've always gotten the room, I preferred.  In the end, it ended up not being a good deal.  I could've booked an equivalent room type at a better price, elsewhere.
1	OVER PRICED. No value in booking anything with this company.  I would advise booking directly with the theater or hotels.  In general their business model gets the worst rooms and seats. We had a show cancel because Rod Stewart was ill.  We were told that we get a refunded. Did not. After contacting them almost a month later we were given less than full refund after they deducted over $70 for 2  burgers and cokes at Planet Hollywood as part of the package.
1	This is a terrible company! We booked tickets through them to a Cirque show that they canceled and they didn't even notify us!! What?! We're in Vegas wanting to go to a show that we paid for and now we don't have tickets. Thank goodness we called the venue to ask a question otherwise we wouldn't have known that we had no tickets. The worst, definitely head their awful rating and book elsewhere, wish we had.
1	What a nightmare. Vegas.com double booked me a room and their online receipt indicated one room. They blamed the hotel, (which I won't mention because they weren't at fault), told me I had to contact the hotel to correct the problem.  Hotel referred me back to Vegas.com, rightly so, back and forth many times. Never got a call back from Vegas.com as they promised and their phone customer service is all but nonexistent. Buyer beware, there are better deals out there as I have since found out. They stole $403 from me...
1	There are a lot of extra fees for everything, show tickets had extra fees, spirit airlines was over the top. Carry on baggage fees. Thy did disclose the daily hotel tax.  Las Vegas is fun place to go, but it's time to check out alternatives.
1	DO NOT BOOK ANYTHING THROUGH THIS COMPANY. I'll save the long winded horseshit and just say, don't. This company is terrible. Just bad everything. You will not save money when everything is said and done. Buy direct and you will be much happier.
1	I bought Panda show ticket, Vegas.com stated that it comes with Gondola ride voucher but I didn't get the voucher and wasted few hours of my short vacation.At first, Panda office said because I bought from Vegas.com, a third party, I don't qualify for that Gondola Ride voucher.I called Vegas.com support. 3 way calling to the manager at Panda box office. They said just show the Panda confirmation at Gondola, then should be fine.Then I came to Gondola office, they sound like I'm a scammer for free tickets. They said they won't give out tickets to any random email.Called Vegas.com again, being on hold for about an hour then automatically being transferred to another Vegas.com department who said I got to the wrong department. And the people at Gondola office recommended not to buy tickets from Vegas.com. They seen too many issues.So frustrated.
1	ABSOLUTE PESTS!  Several unsolicited phone calls from their 702-992-7900 number and they won't quit calling!  They have called as many as 3 times in one day.  I would never do business with them............
5	So.... I purchased two tickets to see Guns N Roses for an upcoming trip to Vegas. They were purchased 3 weeks in advance. When I went to print them prior to my flight, I realized I bought them for the wrong date. In fact, when I realized the date had already passed.I sent them an email explaining my stupidity and received an immediate reply. "Let us contact the venue and see what we can do". REMEMBER, My tickets were worthless because they were for the previous week.A few days later, I received an email that tickets would be waiting for me at will call.THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE!May choices on where we spend our money. Vegas.com has a customer for life with me. Thanks!
1	(  not a good  experience !).  i will explain .   vegas.com does its share of bookings in vegas,  and i have used them before. i travel to vegas every few months on business .i made reservations for a certain hotel for two nights.  you have to push on a calendar the dates you want etc . anyway did thatand received a confirmation .   i was in a hurry, and did not check the confirmation they sent !that was wrong !    because it was confirming only one night.when i. arrived at hotel, and was putting my bag on the floor i said myname , and than.said two nights.   i'm sorry she said your down for onlyone night !  i said there must be some mistake i said. checkedon my i phone , and sure enough there it was one night !so always check your confirmation !   ok.   i admitthat was not wise of me ,!   and usually i'm smarter than that !so call vegas.com straight away on my iphone . i explainedmy issue, lady from vegas could care less in so many words .  ok. now im really p---ed !   she raised the rate up $ 20.00 , and blamed the hotel for the cost.   not sohotel said . so the lady at vegas.com lied !made call to vegas.com on july,22.2014 around 8 pm.i always get names, but was so upset forgot hers .  look i clearlymade a mistake by not checking the. confirmation , butwhen i heard she could care less, than charged me more, and than blamed on hotel , i will. never. nevernever use vegas.com again ever ,!  !  !  !remember always check your confirmation,  or youmight get so in so who could care less, and charge you more ,!   and blame the hotel .
1	My experience with Vegas.com has been nothing short of terrible and I have not even gone on my trip yet. First tip is NOT to use them, but if you must.... Read every word of the literature. This company is a scam! I needed to change my trip for medical reasons (I can't fly) and the costumer service first said there would be no charge, then the next one said we would lose$200 For airline change, but the policy only says you "may" be subject to a charge. Furthermore, they will be very quick to book your trip, but once they have your money, you are in your own. One supervisor said "we did not have to tell you about the fee because you didn't ask the right question." The customer service does not exist, they are extremely rude to you on the phone and do not even know the booking or change policies of their own company! I would go to travelocity, expedia, or straight to the company and pay a bit more than to work with Vegas.com
5	Exceptional value & service for show and dinner tickets.Purchased dinner/show combo tickets (Jersey Boys @ Paris, Rat Pack @ Rio).  The deals and discounts were exactly as depicted.  The service charge is clearly disclosed, and similar to what you would pay for any other ticket seller.  Seating was amazing -- center orchestra 8 rows back for Jersey Boys, "golden circle" for Rat Pack.The only issue we had was the clueless box office person @ Paris (she didn't know how we would get our dinner voucher, and then sent us to the wrong restaurant).  However, once we go to the correct eating venue, they knew exactly what to do, and it was perfect.  Menu choices were great, and food quality/quantity was perfect.I cannot speak to hotel reservations, as I usually make them in conjunction with the airline, or with hotels when they are having a promotion.  However, for shows, I am confident we got a great deal, and a great value.
1	When I booked my room through Vegas.com, they provided me a room rate of approximately $47 per night at Whiskey Petes.  When I checked into the Hotel, the registration desk informed me their room rate for that exact room was $33 per night.  I called Vegas.com and requested an adjustment in my room rate.  The Supervisor informed me they could not make an adjustment since it was less than 72 hours.  No exceptions.  So now I get to write this review on Yelp informing everyone to NOT use Vegas.com when you want to book a room in the Las Vegas area.  Also, I get to tell all my family and friends back in LA not to use Vegas.com either.  Thank you Vegas.com for providing service that I can rate accordingly.
5	Stephanie is amazing! Such a sweet individual. I called to cancel my upcoming honeymoon reservation for the Flamingo to do an upgrade at the same hotel. She changed things around no problem and even sat on the phone with me giving other recommendations as to where else we could possibly stay within the same price range. I personally enjoy looking at all the hotels and she told me about some new ones that have been remodeled to go check out! Turned out, the upgrade was actually a dollar cheaper after fees and what not. I'll be booking via Vegas.com during times we do not stay at our Timeshare at the Jokey Club. The prices cannot be beat, not to mention, they have this thing called "Drop Watch" so if your room rate drops within the  cancellation date given upon booking, they'll give you the difference! How sweet!
1	Don't buy concert tickets from this company. On Nov.4 I bought a ticket to the Nov.5 KISS show at the Hard Rock Hotel. The e-mail I got from them said I could go pick up the ticket 2 hours after purchasing. It was a good thing that I went down to the box office that day instead of the day of the show because when I got there I found out that there were no seats available in that section that I had purchased from. If I had waited until the day of the show there would have been no ticket reserved for me and no ticket to buy because it was sold out. The lady at the box office was angry because Vegas.com should not be selling seats that are not available. I was able to get a ticket at the box office in a different section for a few dollars more and the box office confirmed that Vegas,com  would reimburse me. It was my misfortune though that my Visa card was from a bank in Canada and in the space of a few short hours the bank rate changed and I ended up getting charged $6.51 on my credit card for nothing because of Vegas.com's screw-up. Do you think Vegas.com cared or would make it up to me by paying that charge? Nope. They said they would send me a $10 e-coupon towards my next purchase with them. I won't be using it.
5	I booked through Vegas.com but had to cancel 2 days before my trip due to a death in the family. Customer service was very helpful communicating with my hotel and my trip was fully refunded. Will use Vegas.com when I replan my trip. Prices and customer service are outstanding!
1	I would give them a zero star, but since I can't so i'm forced to give them a 1. I booked tickets to the "O" through Vegas.com and everything was fine. I get an email 5 hours later stating that they cancelled by tickets. I did not receive a call or an explanation as to why. My grandpa and my dad were supposed to see the show that night in a couple hours. I called them 5 times before I was able to talk to a supervisor because it kept going to his voicemail, even though the employees kept stating he was "expecting my call." They tried to tell me it was my credit card company even though they already authorized the transaction, and spoke with my credit card company and they informed me everything was ok on their side. When I finally got to talk to the supervisor DJ Russell, he was very short and unprofessional. He stated it's a process we go through and it got cancelled. I had to pry for answers (which I did not get) and I can hear the annoyance in his voice even though I am trying to purchase tickets through THEIR company. My dad and I have different last names so I could understand why that would be an issue as far as third party authorizations, however he had no reason as to why nor did they call me to state I should pick them up or let me know what was going on. If i did not happen to check my email my grandpa and dad would have been at Bellagio unable to see the show because the employees at Vegas.com are not considerate enough to let their customers know what is going on through a simple phone call. This company is a unprofessional and you are way better off booking tickets directly through the hotel you want to see the show at. I will never purchase tickets through this company again.
1	I paid for 2 nights a Las Vegas Flamingo Casino Hotel, spend one night only and next day have an Emergency at home and have to cancel my vacations and fly back to Los Angeles, call for a credit or refund, for a single night but they refused saying that I have to  cancel 48 hours in advance, Emergency don't call in advance... First time buying with this website and last time, please don't buy from this company, You can get same or better deals in other websites...customer service poor....KEEP MY MONEY.....NO MORE FROM ME.....
