1	Second time we stayed here. First time was amazing this time not so much. We we awaken at 7:30am every morning due to construction.  Which we didn't know about until check in.  Twice our rooms weren't cleaned.  I had to wash our toilets.  Hallways elevators filthy from construction work. I stayed a week here because my father had passed and instead of finding comfort and even nice people was not good I was more stressed out here then ever. I sent three emails to there corporate office and all I got was generic letters saying someone will contact you. I will not stay here again. I will not recommend this hotel again
5	This hotel has just been completely upgraded, it is beautiful, spotless and very traveler friendly. It has a more modern, contemporary look to it, you are greeted by a very sleek check in desk and just beyond that is a 'GO Board' which is a huge touch screen for looking up restaurants, directions, things to do etc. They have thought of everything, they now have a Bistro that serves very fresh healthy food, Starbucks coffee as well as a full bar.  You can order your Egg White and Spinach sandwich for breakfast and enjoy it in one of the 'Media Pods,' which is a private booth with table and TV. The outdoor patio/pool area includes a fireplace and new furniture.  The gym has all new equipment and the air conditioning is kept at a very comfortable degree. All the beds, bedding, furniture, TV's, decor and carpeting have been replaced providing a clean relaxing envirionment for the business or holiday traveler, as well as clients using the Mayo Clinic. Plenty of parking with a complementary shuttle is also available. The service is exemplary, the staff are friendly and helpful and seem very well trained, everyone was aware of their work and the services offered by the entire hotel.  Give this little jem a try, it's close to Fountain Hills and downtown Scottsdale, the Phoenix airport is about 20 minutes away.
4	We have stayed here a number of times while going to the Mayo Clinic. They have remolded the whole place since our last visit. Very friendly staff, comfy beds. Will defiantly stay here again.
3	Clean rooms, same furniture as the other courtyards, same furniture colors, decor, carpet, wow, Twilight Zone moment.  Even the Starbuck's bistro is the same set up, menu, decor, furniture, etc...even the pantry with the snacks and amenities are the same, but I regress, I guess that's why this is a chain hotel.  The pool and jacuzzi are great, they even supply floaties, a blow up Shamu, noodles for the kids, er for me to lounge in the pool! Gym is ok, they have the typical Eliptical, treadmills, free weights, nothing spectacular.  Good ample parking.
3	It's hard to rate a courtyard over 3 stars but this is a good one. Extra friendly service, nice clean rooms, nice pool area, all well maintained. Bistro has really good food and special Mayo Clinic food if you are having procedures. If you were staying at the clinic it is incredibly convenient and they have a free shuttle or you can walk easily if you're fit. I travel very very frequently and I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and for families for people with disabilities it's perfect.
