1	I simply can't wait to go back to Vegas to visit this place.....er, wait, that is another review.On the contrary, being an early morning kinda guy and not wanting to disturb my roommate I decided to go for a morning run and ended up going to this 7-Eleven around 5:45am.  The coffee was luke-warm and they were out of splenda......okay, fine, so I bought a diet Mountain Dew.  On the way out I was asked, by a bum, whether I liked cars.  Wanting to be nice I said "as much as I can."  Apparently unsatisfied with this answer the bum began to follow me, screaming obscenities about the Ford Mustang.  This continued until I decided to duck into the Wynn.....in my gym clothes, dirty shoes, sweating, at 6:00am.  This year, less 7-Eleven, more Wynn.
3	Question: Where can you buy a cheap beer in Vegas without having to spend all your money at the tables waiting for a waitress to come take your order? Answer: 7-Eleven!Question: Can you drink your purchased beer on the street?Answer: Of course! After all, you're in Vegas! Very few rules apply in the City of Sin...
3	7-11 Day. FREE Slurpees @7_Eleven !:) This location is in a very scary neighborhood on E Charleston & Las Vegas Blvd.You wouldn't catch me here after dark as there are lots of shady characters around. Very agressive panhandlers too.It's a standard issue 7-11. Bad coffee, Overpriced drinks,eats and smokes plus they have gasoline here too.I came here just for the FREE slurpee. I love me some FREE stuff. If I lived around here I'd probably go to the Walgreens across the street.
4	It's your standard 7-11 full of all sorts of cheap beer, malt liquor, snacks and other convenience store necessities. What makes this one stand out was the kick ass guy working the counter the night I went in. I mean, most of the people I encounter behind convenience store counters are not the friendliest of people, but this guy was awesome!Oh thank heaven for 7-Eleven
3	3 for $5 Bud Lights or 3 for $6 Coronas. Nuff said. On the strip. Cheapest beers around. It may have been quite the walk from my hotel but so worth it!
4	Right after our visit to "Pawn Stars" [the store], we got gas here and what else.. more beer and more diet sodas.  All I know is that my thirst was quenched and I was satisfied after a Man vs. Food breakfast (yes, he featured the fried chicken Eggs Benedict), a visit to History Channel's most viewed reality television show (the pawn shop), and I saw the wedding chapel that was featured in Hangover.  Good grief - I love Bradley Cooper.
