1	I wanted to write a review concerning a recent visit I had at this pet clinic.  I will say something positive to start...They were one of the few vets in town who could fit us in during the morning hours for an emergency situation.   Though they have very knowledgeable and helpful staff...their prices are almost double what some of the other vets charge for similar services.  Our pet had to be euthanized...we paid $186 for the shot  to put the dog to sleep and over $100 for cremation and burial.  I spoke to the crematorium to find out where they bury the dogs they cremate, turns out the ashes end up at the local landfill...we later discovered that Maricopa Animal Control will humanely euthanize an animal for $60...and the dog's remains would end up at the same place I was charged to bury the dog through the vet clinic.   Just thought I could save the next family some money...if you end up having to put your dog to sleep.
4	I took my new-ish cat here for a laser declaw surgery. After fileting my furniture and person, I decided it was time...I called several places around town who quoted me upwards of $700 for the surgery. I ended up at Anasazi b/c they charged $350. My cat got excellent care and has recovered well. They were flexible with scheduling and handled my cat well, which can be a chore (he is "spirited" to say the least).
4	Our first experience with the clinic was when our dear family pet had to be put to sleep. It was obviously a very sad time for us, and we found the staff at the clinic to be very sympathetic and they treated the situation with compassion and were careful to advise us on our options, then respect our choices.A few months ago we adopted a dog from a rescue shelter and took him to Anasazi for his shots and check-up. We were again pleased with our experience with the staff, who offered advice and treated our pet as the adorable pooch he is. I found their prices to be what I've seen elsewhere except for the nail-trim which was a whopping 20 bucks! Next time I'm going to Petco where they'll do it for $7.Overall we were very pleased with the clinic and will return there next time.
5	I take both of my kitties to Anasazi and have been taking them here for over a year now.  Dr. Halterman and Dr. Nossaman are both very kind, professional women who treat my kitties as if they were their own.  The staff is also incredibly friendly and kind to my pets.  Their service is always timely and affordable.  I also love that my kitty cat kids get a "report card" complete with stickers highlighting the details of each visit.  I've also brought my kitties here for boarding, which is affordable and convenient.  I would recommend this vet to anyone with a kitty!  The best part is the group of greeter cats that hang out in the lobby to snuggle with you while you wait.  Such a positive, caring and professional atmosphere!
3	I went in to have my GF's pomeranian's teeth looked at as they were smelly and all jacked up. We pretty much wanted to know how much it would cost just to have them all pulled as we felt they were affecting his breathing too. Their quoted price was way more than other places. So we ended up not going with them. They were nice and the initial exam was free, so that was good.
5	We took our kitten here to get declawed and the experience was amazing. Helen Evans was our vet, she took the time to discuss everything with us, and genuinely cared about taking care of Sparta (our kitten). We chose to have her boarded after the procedure over the weekend (we have three other cats so easier option) and they took amazing care of her. The whole staff knew her, and told us what a joy it was to have her. If you are looking for a vet, we would highly recommend this clinic!!!!! It was also one of the few clinics that offered laser declaw.
5	My mini daschund has severe periodontal disease and Dr. Evans has been wonderful in helping relieve Frodo's pain thus making a happy and healthy 11 yr old pooch! I saw her for the first time in Jan. 2014 when visiting AZ. They have an state-of-the-art dental equipment, like their X-ray machine which found left behind chips of tooth imbedded in his gums from a surgery probably in early 2013. She also had to pull several more teeth because they were infected so badly. Today I saw Dr. Ruiz who helped me go with a more conservative route, since it hasn't been that long since his deep dental treatment.  We'll see if we can control Frodo's new infection. If it doesn't work we will have to do an anesthetic deep dental cleaning again to try and save his canine teeth. It's pretty much all he has left after years of pulling teeth :(The staff is very friendly and knowledgable, the office is clean and they have the coolest cats walking around. One kitty actually walked up to my dog and rubbed its head against my dogs head - I have never see that before and I am glad my dog is friendly - lolIt's a great place to go!
