5	Hardee's has great food! They offer great breakfast food like the Loaded Omelet Biscuit, a omelet with crumbled sausage, bacon, ham and cheddar cheese stacked on a buttermilk biscuit. Texas Toast Breakfast sandwiches, your choice of sausage, bacon or ham stacked with egg & cheese on Texas toast. A cinnamon raisin biscuit, a baked cinnamon raisin biscuit topped with icing. They also offer breakfast bowls, biscuit sandwiches, croissant sandwiches with your choice of bacon, ham or sausage and much more. They also have great burgers! You can get them in 1/3 lb, 1/4 lb a 2/3 lb versions like the Grilled Cheese Bacon Thickburger, a charbroiled burger covered with bacon, melted Swiss and American cheese, and mayo on grilled sourdough bread. Your other 1/3 lb burger choices are the Cheeseburger Thickburger, the Original Thickburger, the Mushroom 'N' Swiss Thickburger, the Bacon Cheese Thickburger and the Low Carb Thickburger. 1/4 lb burger choices are the Grilled Cheese Bacon Thickburger and the Little Thickburger. They also offer a 2/3 lb. Monster Thickburger as well! They also offer fried chicken, chicken tenders, chicken and fish sandwiches and kid's meals. Be sure to save room for dessert! They offer ice cream malts and shakes in berry, chocolate, vanilla and strawberry!
5	I wish that I would have known about this place sooner.  I have only been here twice since I only discovered it last month.  I had the turkey burger with fries and a chocolate malt the first time and I had the Frisco with onion rings and soda the second time.  I love this place!  Everything I ate from here was golden.  I can now say that I'm a Hardee's fan.
3	When you're talking fast food burgers, Hardee's probably has the best.  This location also offers some daily specials that make it an even better deal (sometimes it can feel a bit pricey).  Breakfast here is also a win when compared to other fast food options.  The place itself does have a bit of a dirty feel to it, though and the employees are mostly younger teens who are just there doing as little as possible.  The fries are nothing special.My suggestion?  Get a Thickburger to go.
5	ALWAYS excellent customer service at this location. Every single time my husband and I go the employees are always so friendly - I love it! Also, best fast food burgers out there. I wish there were other locations in the Pittsburgh area!
5	Feels darn good to find a Hardee's near me! They are the #1 fast food joint, ya dig?! If yinzers got COUNTRY HAM on that breakfast menu I would be there daily. It must be a southern thang, but it needs to catch on 'cross 'Merica already. During my few (soon to be many) trips here,  I have been greeted by a friendly face and pleasant service. Heck, if they had a bar I would try to live here.
2	I was not a fan of Hardee's at all! The advertisements are what dragged us in with the hopes of a huge, quality burger as advertised, but we got mediocre food at best. I got the curly fries, chili dog (~$5.99 combo) and the chicken tenders (~$9.99). The chicken tenders were chewy and did not taste or look as though they were "hand breaded." I didn't like the honey mustard dipping sauce. It had a heavy taste of Dijon mustard and a hint of horseradish. The curly fries were not good and didn't compare to other fast food curly fries. The hot dog was salty, cheap tasting and the chili on it was over processed and looked like dog food. The staff was friendly and the wait wasn't long, so nothing but positives there, but I would not be visiting Hardee's again due to the lack of taste for the prices we paid.
