3	Last week I spent a whole day wandering around Edinburgh's meandering streets and after all that walking I'm a little disappointed that I don't have buns like steel. As well as feeling like Mr Motivator I was also feeling rather parched and decided to pop into Superdrug to get something to quench my thirst!I wandered around looking at some of the make-up from L'Oreal and Maybelline to see what was new and after checking out some hair products I headed to the juice box section next to the till. I was a little disappointed by the selection, I really wanted Fanta but they didn't have any - just Oasis which is pretty yuck. They also didn't have any Volvic, only Evian and Buxton... I'm always told that bottled water tastes the same, but seriously there's a difference and I can tell! If someone put a blindfold on me and asked me to tell which water was which I'm sure that I could! Anyways... I made my decision to go with Evian and it was around 80p which is actually quite expensive for water as it's only like 40p in Tesco.It did the job though and I was feeling refreshed but I wasn't too excited about my Superdrug experience. To be fair, this branch isn't huge but it's still a good size, I just felt it was lacking in a lot of products and it felt very tired and had a rather dull atmosphere too, even with the rubbish Superdrug cover music playing.
3	This Superdrug is sandwiched between other similar shabby-looking shops and you would be surprised if you didn't even notice it when you walked by- it certainly does not pop out in any way. Plus its entrance is right in front of a rather busy bus stop (which permanently smells of human fluids if you catch my drift).Having said that, Superdrug is always an alternative choice to slightly cheaper toiletries and make up than Boots. They usually have a very good selection of deals on on things that are actually useful like shampoos and toothpaste rather than say some brand of foundation. Being in the location of a densely student populated area and having to compete with the likes of semi-chem and Tescos you  can find affordable products here.  Then again there are times you just can't find the one thing you are after. Typical.
3	Superdrug is the cheaper, less shiny version of Boots. This particular branch is especially 'shine free'. Located right next to a bus stop, if you can force your way into the shop past the angry people waiting for the bus, you will find yourself in a mid-sized shop full of cosmetics, toiletries and various other bits and bobs.Truthfully, this place is probably better than Boots - it stocks similar stuff (but the basics only!), and even though that 9 time sout of 10 it is cheaper than Boots, there is more often than not some kind of deal going on that lowers the prices even more.The trouble is that it isnt always a well looked after shop, sometimes there are whole section of products missing, and the staff clearly dont care whether you find it or not.An alternative to Boots, but only if you really need what you are looking for.
3	Blink and you'd miss this Superdrug - it's cramped between bargain stores and cheap food outlets. The pavement outside it is a thin strip of concrete which is littered with rubbish and heaving with people most of the time.Given the slightly run down location, it's quite a relief and a surprise to find such a good store down here. From what I could see of this branch it was fairly petite, but well stocked enough.Superdrug seems to go easy on the drugs these days - this branch, certainly, has more cosmetics than essentials from a pharmacy. But it is a convenient store selling reliable, good quality brands in an area that would be a bit ramshackle without chain outlets such as this to bring its standard up.
3	Before I moved to Edinburgh I had never really shopped in Superdrug, always preferring Boots simply because the one in my area was very good and I had no need to go anywhere else! However since moving to Edinburgh, this Superdrug has been my first stop when in search of beauty & cosmetics products, and most pharmacy products!On the outside it certainly doesn't look very appealing. The combination of the slightly grubby and small looking appearance, and the bus stop right outside the door, certainly doesn't make it hugely inviting. However, don't let appearances fool you! This superdrug branch is actually well stocked and reasonably priced! I can nearly always find everything I need in it and rarely have to go down to the larger store on Princes Street.Also with a Snapfax and a valid student card you can get 10% off all year round! This is certainly a huge advantage!I definitely will continue to use this branch of Superdrug for most small purchases, but for any larger buys I will head to the Boots on Princes Street - simply because their advantage card points are too good to miss on bigger buys!
