5	Can I get a WHAT WHAT!!!!! Never in all my years did I think I would go to a Cost Cutters and get a PHENOMENAL hair cut. I am a hair snob like that, if I'm not spending $100's then I don't feel like I am getting a good cut. Until this past Friday when I was beyond desperate! I NEEEEEEDED a hair cut, in fact I needed a new look. I was fully prepared to bust out my toe nail clippers and start hacking away. This place was on my way home from work, they take walk ins or you can make an appointment. I sat down in Lisa's chair and she got to work. When I walked in my hair was borderline soccer mom. When I walked out I felt like I needed to start a rock band or something! This is one rocking do! My hair has been lagging and really needed some spunk put in it. And HOLY CHEAP BATMAN! Ive been paying $100's++ for some time now, at Cost Cutters its like $20 for a wash and cut and the color prices were really cheap as well, might have to go back and give them a whirl, they use Paul Mitchell color and products and have all the other fancy and fun hair products that a lot of the top salons carry. I know people don't like to "cheat" on their stylists but in this economy, do yourself a favor and check them out, you get a great cut for very little moo-la! And go see Lisa! She is a total gem and said she wouldn't let me walk out of her salon with soccer mom hair! Love that!
4	Very nice place to go. They will take walkins, but it's best to get an appointment before you go.
5	I've been coming for 2 years now. Great prices! All the stylists are really down to earth and good conversation!Have always walked away happy. They've even cut my toddler's hair- flat top style and that's hard to do on a toddler!
5	I consider myself a hair snob too. I used to think only going to expensive salons meant great hair cuts. No more! I only paid $11 for mine. I used to go to Aveda and pay $40 at minimum! I saw Vanessa and we bonded over Dr Who and her tattoos :) She did an Awesome!!! Job! I wanted a haircut exactly like demon Meg from Supernatural. I had gotten the same haircut 2 years ago at Aveda and she did a way better job! I had been trying to grow my hair out since that last cut to no success. My hair hadnt grown much, was unhealthy and had horrible split ends. She took off about 5 inches and it feels great! I totally trusted her! If you used to be a hair snob like me, i urge you to give this place a try. Get rid of your assumptions and prejudice about chain salons! Your wallet and your hair will thank you!
5	Well after a not so great haircut at one of the pricey salons over on Tatum, I came here and got exactly what I asked for and for less than half the price. Didn't receive one comment on the first haircut that cost $60+ bucks but the $15 cut received a few! More bang for my buck, quicker service and frankly a much more pleasant visit! I'm sold!
5	Jen did my hair, got new color, highlights, cut. Best hair in a long time. Good conversations. Definitely coming back.
5	Jennaya is the best stylist I have had in years. She took great care in fixing a botched color job done by an independent stylist. I had red roots and brown hair! She took the time to make sure the color was uniform and listened to me closely as I explained the color I wanted. She made it just the shade of brown I wanted with beautiful gold and red highlights.She also knew exactly how to cut and texturize my hair which is very thick and straight. I wear it pretty short, so it takes a skilled stylist who cares enough to take the time to make it look stylish and chic. She did an awesome job on both the color and the cut.I asked her how she knew how to do hair like mine, and she told me she goes to several classes and also learns from other stylists, so that she can gain as much knowledge and skill as possible.She was so enjoyable to be around also and very easy to talk to.I highly recommend her!
