5	I will admit that I don't have a lot of experience owning and especially playing an instrument of any type, but my son and my husband are both musicians.  My son, a beginning Clarinet player, accidentally dropped his new Yamaha Clarinet.  This is a horn we own and I had not ever had to have serviced.  After verifying that one, if not more, of the keys was probably bent, we determined to bring this problem to Christ at Agave Music.  I am so glad we did!Chris was only slightly busy and he was able to spend about 20 minutes with my son reviewing the horns and the various concerns we had.  He not only fixed the bent key, but he showed my son where he might need some cork grease applied (and how to do it) and then he fixed a pad and replaced a screw that apparently was coming loose.  He did all this for a reasonable fee and all while we watched.Chris is warm, friendly and professional.  He is knowledgeable and very patient with his customers. I highly recommend Agave Music!
5	We were looking for a used bass clarinet for our son and we contacted Chris at Agave Music through a website stating he had one for sale.  Even though it was a store not near our home we decided to go see the instrument.  Chris showed us what he had done to the instrument to refurbish it and let our son play it to get a feel if it would be an instrument to consider.  He was very knowledgeable and we were pleased that he does a complete overhaul of the instrument, not just what needs to be done to get it playing.   He has a generous return policy and encouraged us to have our sons teacher or others that play to try it out to make sure it was suitable for him.   He taught both of us about caring for the instrument and synthetic reeds that our son may want to try.  Overall a nice, relaxed good guy with great knowledge of his trade and we wish him years of success.  We will definitely do business with him again.
1	Wish I could give this no stars.  This guy was contracted through the music store.  He didn't fix the bent key (which was pretty obvious especially since we tied the tag around that specific key) that we mainly took it in for.  When we dropped it off we were told it would be back in about a week and he would contact us before working on it.  A week later, I called the store since I hadn't heard from him and they called him and returned my call informing me he had been on vacation.  Then he called me to discuss the repairs needed (he hadn't even started) and I told him about the key and he said he would fix it along with a couple pads and corks.  When we picked it up, it wasn't fixed!  I couldn't leave it that day as my son needed it for school.  We took it back during spring break and we were told it would be back by week's end...not so.  I called more than a week after it had been dropped off and when the store called him, he had put it with all of his store repairs instead of sending it back to the store I was using.  He said he would drop it off at 6:30pm...my husband had to wait until 7:30pm for him to finally get there.  This is my first and last experience with this place.  What a joke.
