4	Boy, I was impressed with their Grilled Cheese Sandwich, a very adult grilled cheese sandwich --  Mozzarella, Tomato, pesto and garlic bread.  WOW.  Don't know what else to say but WOW!!!!  Homemade gelato also.   I didn't confirm this, but I think this location just opened up.    Great Wine List .... I was very impressed with the glass of wine that I had.My only complaints are because I have been watching Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares (both BBC America and Fox).   Nothing major, but small details that don't effect the food but the experience -- like make the menu more professional instead of a piece of paper --- you are better than just a piece of paper.  And serve the Gelato in a glass bowl with a spoon, not plastic dish.   But still a great dining experience, I am very glad that I was told about the Blue Spoon.
4	When I lived in Middleton, this was my choice lunch date venue. It's perfect. Great local foods brought to you by friendly servers in a relaxing, comfortable environment.
4	Stopped in for breakfast this past Sunday. This Blue Spoon definitely has the feel of a "restaurant" as opposed to the more relaxed "cafe" vibe of the original location in Sauk Prairie--not that that's bad, I guess. Just different. My eggs Blackstone(think Benedict with crispy bacon instead of the Canadian variety, and a slice of tomato) was decent, but just didn't seem as perfect as what I'm served in Sauk. The boyfriend was MORE than pleased with his custard pancakes, to say the least. We were seated by the fireplace upstairs, which was nice. Blue Spoon is going to be on our "breakfast joints" list from now on.
3	I stopped in at 11am on a weekday. The morning crowd was just leaving and I was the only person in the cafe for about a half an hour. I ordered the smoked salmon ceaser salad. It was very tasty! The service was a little disjointed. The restaurant is transitioning from being an order at the counter place to a full service restaurant, and there are two floors to restaurant, so everyone was a bit confused when they first walked in the door. I had a friendly waitress, though I was forgotten about for a while. I was sitting downstairs, and it seemed most people were heading upstairs, so I would reccommend doing that when you visit.
4	Came here for dinner after a day out and about visiting in Madison. Middleton was close to our hotel, so when we drived by looking for a place to eat besides Chipotle, this was a winner. My sister had been there when she was in Spring Green a few years ago, and said it was great.  We had  dinner-my sister had a roast beef sandwich on a baguette with a caesar salad,  and I had the pulled pork quesadillas (which were ten percent off because it was Saturday...worked for me!) We shared them both, and the bread was nice and chewy and the quesadillas had fresh guacamole and were spicy and yummy.  The salad was great. It even had little hard boiled eggs added to it. The food was great, the service was nice and friendly, and went out of the way to make it an enjoyable dinner. This would be a great place for brunch, lunch, or snackies. I think I'll stop for a coffee on the way out of town.
4	For God's sake, try the cranberry walnut french toast!
3	Just moved to Madison, and was looking for a breakfast joint when we stumbled upon the Blue Spoon Cafe. It's located in a small shopping center, and has a large, open feel, despite being somewhat limited in seating capacity.We were quickly seated, which was a bonus, considering it was 9:00 on a Sunday morning. We ordered coffee and water, then took some time to browse the menu. Selections fared on the traditional side, with the exception of the custard pancakes, and a Mexican egg dish that sounded delicious.We ordered conservatively - 2 eggs, scrambled, with bacon and toast. Nothing exciting, I know, but we were drained from having unloaded a Penske moving truck the previous day.Food arrived quickly, and it looked great. Unfortunately, it was extremely buttery. The eggs dripped butter. The toast and English muffin were soaked in butter, the hashbrowns, while crispy, had an overpowering grease aroma and taste,  and the bacon was obviously pan fried and still glistening with grease. Tasty? Yes. Good for you? Not in the slightest.Coffees were refilled; we ran out of cream - never got more. It was a bit pricey considering the fare... $21 for our modest meal, plus tip. If they could cut the butter and grease, I'd give this place 4.5 stars.
4	We had visited the other Blue Spoon location on another trip to the area and were staying just down the street from this location, so we decided to try it out for dinner.We tried a pizza (Mozz and Pepperoni) and some pulled pork quesadillas, and both were delicious, though quite greasy... like grease dripping down my hand and wrist... but soooo delicious.We also had a couple small servings of gelato for dessert and found it to be a little more "ice creamy" than some of our previous gelato experiences (harder & colder), but it was still very good.
3	Went here with the boyfriends fam for Father's Day and the dad at the table received a free Bloody Mary, woowoo.  This place is owned by the people who own Culvers, apparently they have traveled Europe and believe they need to introduce us such international delights such as "gelatto" and "tapanade". The menu has a selection of wraps, pizzas, salads, etc.   My salmon ceasar salad was okay, the salmon was shredded instead of in one tasty whole piece, which I didn't really dig.  My hazelnut gelatto was pretty amazing.  Our service was initially a bit disorganized, but once we were (finally) greeted, things went quickly.
1	Confirmed: The place is permanently closed effective September 1, 2010.
