4	I'm am avid Fashion Show Mall visitor and stumbled across this extremely awesome looking kiosk 9/10/14 the line was pretty long which intrigued me even more so I decided to check it out. There are soo many menu choices I was actually overwhelmed. I walked away and returned a few minutes later after weighing out my options. I purchased a marshmallow shake and was pretty surprised to see the young man using regular big fluffy marshmallows!! Overall the shake was delicious, however it didn't taste like marshmallow at all in my opinion. The unblended pieces of marshmallow chunks were pretty off setting because I found myself chewing every few seconds.Uncertain if I'll try it again any time soon because The Sugar Factory kiosk is currently my favorite!I sincerely appreciate the knowledgable cashier that assisted me with my purchase though. She is a gem!
5	Wow one review on this place come on LV!  The visual display had me at hello.  I decided to try a coconut gelato pop.  To my amazement I was offered a chocolate and vanilla extra dipping.  This item was beautiful. Price defiantly met my expectations.  As I was being helped this dude from UK I think helped me he was supper friendly and suggestive.  His customer service and his product is what will keep this going strong. Please come to Orange County !! Will be back next Vegas trip.
5	Shakes at this place are amazing. It's not the most cost efficient place but to their defense they are located in a shopping mall on the strip. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They even made a shake they had never done before because I inquired about it. Overall cool place!
5	My husband and I were just there. We absolutely loved our shakes! One of the best shakes I have ever had in my life actually!!! A little slower at getting the product out too you but the wait is worth it because they use actual product instead of all that other syrups and stuff. I will be a faithful customer when ever we are there. I will make sure I stop to get a shake for sure!!!!!
5	I was tired from shopping all day and was contemplating on stuffing my face with a pretzel dog. Good thing a friend of mine was like "don't do it. Hold out for something better." Great advice.I was skeptical. What's so special about shakes and popsicles? They have great Flavors and they're not the cheap store bought type of popsicles. You pick a stick, dip and toppings.As a lover of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, I had to try them in gelato popsicle form. I had mine drizzled with Vegan dark chocolate topped with hazelnuts. Mmmmmm...They have all kinds of flavors for Popsicles and shakes: pineapple, Nutella, Oreo, strawberry, pistachio, coconut, etc. They also have UK candy bar inspired shakes.Service is great too. Very friendly, courteous and quick.
5	My husband and I were just there. We absolutely loved our shakes! One of the best shakes I have ever had in my life actually!!! A little slower at getting the product out too you but the wait is worth it because they use actual product instead of all that other syrups and stuff. I will be a faithful customer when ever we are there. I will make sure I stop to get a shake for sure!!!!!  the owner is from England and has a cute accent and was the sweetest guy asked us if we wanted to try the ready to order donuts and they were amazing!!!!!!! Carmel ones are the best!!! Very cute place...!
