5	I've been using Liberty for 15+ years at my personal rental properties and as a property manager.  Their strongest suit is honesty, and they have integrity beyond match.
5	The company I work for needed all three evaporative coolers replaced about four months ago. We searched around for a company that offered replacement parts for these particular coolers but they were so old that new parts were not an option. So we had to start getting quotes for brand new coolers.Long story short, Liberty Cooling and Heating beat out all other prices that were offered and we ultimately opted for their services.Now jump ahead to the day of delivery and installation. They showed up at about 6:30 in the morning and were completely finished around 9am. They removed the old coolers and installed the new ones in record time. This was most likely because it wasn't just a 2 or 3 man crew. I would estimate there were at least 10 to 12 workers present which lead to a quick and timely install. The coolers and still working great although its finally cooling down and we won't need to use them again until next summer.If you have any heating or cooling problems I would definitely recommend this company.
1	I was referred to Liberty by a family member that uses them and has received dependable and reasonable service.When I called them to schedule an appointment for a check up/tune up on my AC, I was told they would take a message and call me back. The woman answering the phone did not have the ability to check their calendar for available dates. She stated the procedure was - she would give them a message and someone else would call me back to discuss scheduling, pricing, etc. I asked her when I could expect a call back, and she acted a bit aggravated that I asked her that and could not give me a time or day for the return call. I never did receive a return call, and I went with another company who was able to schedule an appointment and answer my questions the first time I called them.
5	I called Liberty Heating and Cooling out since they had installed my system before I owned my home. The technician came out  and found the problem with my heater. He on his own accord offered that we would not need to fix it now since we wouldn't be using the heater till fall. He serviced my ac and charged me a very reasonable price. I expected it to be a lot more. I appreciated how he did not pressure me into replacing the heater rite now. He did not criticize my system even though it's older. I can't stand when service people tell you what all will most likely go out in the next couple months. All in all I am very happy with their business standard and pricing. Rest assured come fall I will call them to repair my heater. GREAT COMPANY!!
5	We have used Liberty Heating and Cooling for many years now. They installed a new unit for us about 6 years ago and we always call them for routine service calls and maintenance. They are professional, honest, fair and friendly. I like when Robert (one of the owners) is able to take care of our calls but their other technicians (especially Jonn) are also very good. I highly recommend Liberty!
5	If I could give 10 stars I would!!!!!!!! Liberty Cooling and Heating was the ONLY honest company I have dealt with regarding my unit. I had four other companies out prior to them to have them look at my unit. Every single company tried to sell me a new unit ranging from $5000 - $14,000!!!!! Not one of them knew the year of my unit. Liberty Cooling and Heating came in took a look  told me the year of my unit (2000) and offered a solution to my problem and DIDN'T try to sell me a new unit. Out the door $350.00. They don't work on a commission like all of the other companies. They are honest and won't try to sell you something you don't need. I have referred them many times to have the same AWESOME service. I had them out this week as my air went out. They handled the problem immediately to make sure our family had cool air by this weekend. I can't THANK THEM ENOUGH for the AMAZING SERVICE they provided and the knowledgable technicians they have as well as staff that you call into. Again, thank you for taking care of my situation in a timely manner and I appreciate the honest and caring people that you have working for you.
5	I am an out of state property owner and landlord. I received a message from an elderly tenant at 7 pm that her AC had stopped working earlier in the day and it was 91 degrees in the house. It is June and ALL AC Service providers were busy. I called Liberty that evening and left message of my situation. They said to call at 8:00am to see what could be arranged. When I called, my tenant was already scheduled for service at 9:00 am. The problem was a circuit breaker had flipped. The technician corrected the breaker, tightening the module and services cleaning the debris from the ground level AC and filter...all for just the one hour service fee. EXCEPTIONAL SERVICE from a company that understands the needs of residents in the summer months who may need extra care becuase of their situation. HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5	Called Liberty Heating and Cooling, as my A/C was not big enough to cool my home and I was tired of being hot during the summer and wanted an extra A/C unit installed. An estimator was sent out, who surveyed the job. I was called with a quote within two days. I said yes, scheduled the install. On the day of installation, surprisingly the crew was early (I am used to having people that shedule appointments show up late). The unit was installed in less time estimated, the crew was fantastic. They continually  were continually cleaning after themselves, so there was very little clean when they were done. Now for the best part, my home is cooler than it ever has been and my electric bill is lower.. If you are considering something like this, call Liberty Heating and Cooling, you won't go wrong.
