3	Pretty typical in everything you would expect.  Good hard-working waitresses that make sure your drink is full and your order is right.  The food is just your average breakfast food.  There isn't anything special about the fare here.  It is just as good as Denny's and does a lot better of a job making you feel welcome.  If you need a quick meal, I would suggest it.
4	I have to disagree that Denny's is similar to this place. I have been here twice for breakfast and it was yummy both times. A lot more "homey" feeling than a commerical Dennys. Staff is always nice, always there to give you something before you ask for it. Buttermilk biscuits are yum, eggs perfect, potatoes are good. Prices are cheap!
3	I wish I could say there was something about Parson's that stood out to me, but the only thing I could think of is what a pain it was to get into the parking lot because of the nightmare construction out front.  Unfortunately, that's it in terms of uniqueness.  The interior was a traditional diner setup, so nothing special there.  The menu was as you would expect it to be for breakfast, and there were no surprise specialties either.  I ordered a simple breakfast with eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns and I was happy enough.  It was cooked correctly and tasted just fine.  As usual, I had to add some salt and pepper to get the hashbrowns up to par.  It was okay, but if I want diner food, there are many more places closer to home.
2	I hate myself for loving you.Coffee: varies from weak to bad. Never consistent. Lose 1 star.Breakfast potatoes: just a hint of a taste of yesterday's special in the grease. Lose 1 star.Super fast, friendly service. Coffee cup never empty. Gain one star back....and you are so close to my home.It's really hard to ruin breakfast.I hate myself for loving you.
5	Best pancakes ever!!! Changed my life...
4	I love breakfast, no better meal in the day, and this place pretty much nails the home cooked, no point being healthy, feel.Food comes out incredibly quick, the coffee never gets close to half full due to prompt refills, and the french toast is terrific. Super cheap too.
1	Wow. Probably one of the worst breakfasts I've had in my whole life. The biscuits and gravy are like eating warm glue. The potatoes are tasteless. I'd give it a half star if I could and that would just be for the friendly staff. Definitely several steps down from Dennys. I guess if you're over 85 like everyone else here eating, it's just food. Do yourself a favor and keep driving. I expected much more from a mom and pop place.
4	Good basic breakfast, super fast service and quite attentive.
4	I have been looking for a great breakfast spot in my area and I have found it!  Parson's is a great little family owned place where the owner still works with the staff on a daily basis.  The location itself is worn out, but the food definately delivers!  Let me just say this now....  Best Pancakes in town!  No question.  The staff is super nice and the food flys out of the kitchen.  It's a great Breakfast spot, not to be overlooked!  And don't pay attention to Jennifer D's review.....she is from Snottsdale where they really have no idea of what a good traditional breakfast should be.
2	Just ok
4	Lovely, family-owned restaurant. Staff is always friendly and the food never disappoints. Best local breakfast place I've found in Glendale!
3	This is certainly not a destination place to eat.  What it has going for it is a basic diner menu executed properly.  No frills, no surprises.  The service is always good.  The food is what you would expect.  Basically a safe neighborhood place for breakfast or lunch and now it is in my path I will continue to stop on occasion.
3	The service was really good.  The food was good but not that great to come back.  Could use some seasoning on the potatoes.  You can tell that somethings were from a can or already prepared and out out of the freezer.
4	I eat lunch here quite a bit. The girls are awesome always smiling and friendly. The food is good and the atmosphere is relaxing. All-you-can-eat fish on Friday is my favorite
3	Good breakfast spot with friendly service.  Definitely has a diner vibe.
3	was seated quickly.  prompt service.  Had breakfast. other yelpers made me want to try the pancakes... So I got a 2 egg bfast and subbed out the toast for 1 pancake.  All was good and cooked just right.  pancakes were spongy and yummy... not cakey and dry.  like others said the potatoes didnt have a lot of flavor... a little salt and pepper did the trick for me.  It was a standard mom and pop breakfast place that you could get good service, decent food at a decent price.  Nothing outstanding but I would eat here again.  I love breakfast and they had a lot of options that I'm looking forward to trying.
4	Had driven by the place numerous times, usually when not open, as I believe they are only open breakfast and lunch. Finally made a trip here on a Sunday morning. Greeted at the door and sat quickly. Waitress was very friendly and attentive but not too attentive. I was by myself and reading on my iPad and took a while to decide what to eat. Waitress didn't press me to order, and came by when I had closed the menu. The menu is very simple, nothing too fancy or unusual for a family diner. The place was clean and all the staff was nice. I had "the southern" which is two eggs, choice of bacon or sausage, and a biscuit and gravy. The eggs were done nicely. Not overcooked not runny. Sausage was three links that were tasty, a little over done on some sides like they didn't turn enough, but not burnt. The biscuit was flaky and tasty, even without the gravy on it. And the gravy was very tasty and not overly salty like that "barrel of crackers" chain.Will probably be back again. It's not quite close enough to home or on the way to places I go, but will be a good spot for a change of the local places.
3	This has been a good location to eat after a round of golf on the west side. I like the chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy. This place feels like home and has decent food and prices. Nice little family restaurant. If your in the area and want a quick bite check this place out.
4	Super great people and great mom/pop breakfast joint. Enjoyed their chicken fried steak & corn beef hash.
2	I appreciate the charm of local diners, but with my picky palate, it's going to take more than the minimalist, dive-y approach to win this stomach over. Service is brisk and polite, with a waitress ready to top off your coffee before you can muster your last gulp. Food comes quickly, with a smile, as you gaze onto the barren, yet bustling intersection of 59th & Northern. It's almost like having breakfast in someone's home, and in my head I imagined some charming, old time music that would be fitting for Parsons' antiquated coziness. In my head, the record skipped once I saw the food. Something so simple as a BLT should never ever be a problem, but they managed to thoroughly burn my bacon, leaving it almost blackened and rock hard. As I bit into it desperately, water from freshly washed lettuce trickled on to my plate. But with hunger as the best spice, I did not give up so easily as I sampled my friend's chili cheese omelet. Just canned chili on eggs, with not the slightest pretense of effort. No signature touch. No sort of unique taste to call their own. I'm not asking for anything gourmet, but merely just a step above something I would neglectfully concoct in my own kitchen while struggling with a hangover. I like simple diner food. I don't like diner food that refuses to try.
5	If your not looking for "foo foo" food this is your place. Nothing fancy, just really good food at a reasonable price. Breakfast is great. The staff are super. If you like diners you will love this place.
4	First time here.  I'm a Glendale native and always saw this place, but never stopped in.  For my first time visit I did enjoy it.  Amazing friendly staff, my Spanish omelette was awesome!!!  They really do have amazing pancakes!!!  Only downside was that the home potatoes didn't have much flavor.  I added salt and pepper and then they were better.  I'd come back again!!!  Trying the hash browns next time!!!
4	Good, typical diner-style food. Breakfast is served hot, fresh, and fast. Family-friendly and family-run. The decor is dated, but the restaurant is very clean. Service is fantastic.
4	The exterior of Parsons Family Restaurant has kept me at bay for years.  Recently though, I've noticed Glendale PD eating there and I think cops and firefighters are always aware of the best hole-in-the-wall restaurants in their hood.  So I decided to give it a try and I'm glad that I did.  Breakfast is my favorite meal and I usually cook it myself unless I'm running around.   Parsons offers no frills basic breakfast for reasonable prices.  The service is lightning fast.  Really low key, you can roll just of bed and come in here on a lazy Saturday.
1	Walking into the diner I was reminded of diners in the Midwest from my youth. The service was fast and friendly.However the food delivered to the table had much to be desired. For example the the big pieces of home fried potatoes tasted as though the oil they were fried in had turned rancid, the eggs were undercooked and not very appealing to the eye or the palette. The bacon and sausage were both overcooked to the point of being charred on top of tasting rancid.  Of the three meals ordered none were finished.Now I don't mind paying $30 to $40 for breakfast for the three of us, but please use fresh ingredients. We will continue our search for our family breakfast restaurant here in Glendale.Most likely we will not return.
3	Equivalent 2 a li'l trucker pit~stop but w/ nicer booths. Not much 2 look @ leaving something 2 b desired from the exterior, but a better homey feel inside. Really friendly hostess welcomes u immedi8ly as she's directly 2 ur right upon stepping thru the door. She gets u seated w/ ur choice of booth or barstool & even takes ur drink orders right off the bat, till ur server greets u, Nice!   The menu is rather small, even smaller if ur a Veg~head so b 4warned as not much if ur Vegan ~ u only have rye, sourdough, wheat, white, english muffin breads (if not a Celiac w/ Gluten issues) & tomato/apple juice/coke product sodas 2 choose from.   Our w8ress got 2 us very quickly & took our order of french toast, tuna melt, mexican style omelette w/ green chiles topped w/ salsa, english muffins, hash browns. My breakfast companion was gonna try biscuits & gravy but confirmed it was a no~go cuz as usual, most gravy conatains meat or by~products of such.    He seemed 2 enjoy the omelette as it wasn't on his pl8 4 long (then again he was hungry, hence why he ordered the tuna melt as well). He liked the tuna melt even more & we noticed it wasn't mixed w/ mayo so however they prepared it, was pretty good. French toast, hash browns & english muffin was good (tho how bad can that b messed up) so nothing was gr8 enough 2 write home about, but enough 2 satisy hunger.   Service~wise this place almost felt like a drive~thru as it seemed pretty evident they were concerned w/ getting tables turned over as fast as poss. Pls don't b so anxious 2 take our pl8es, it's rediculous 2 b made 2 feel like a dog still reaching 2 finish something while ur grabbing it w/o even confirming we're done. And yeah it's frustr8ing 2 w8 4ever 4 ur bill when ur ready 2 check~out but dang, do u have 2 take it 2 the other extreme by slapping it down' b4 we even started the 1st bite of our meal just served 2 us or even asked yet if everything's ok? What if we wanted something else?? Don't like feeling rushed or that we have 2 shovel it down, started feeling like cattle being herded 4 gosh sakes!!   So yeah it felt like a better experience @ the start but quickly went south in the crapper. Also, I'm not sure the food is good enough 2 b subjected 2 all the older patrons who luv 2 stare @ u while trying 2 eavesdrop on ur conversa8ion as I guess when u get that age, anything is entertaining when u don't have much a life of ur own. Pls don't let me ever get like that!! 1 lady kept reminding me of the excorcist the way she kept turning her head all that way like an owl @ us. I have a soft spot 4 the elderly but NOT the RUDE crabby 1s. Then again, there were 2 shady looking gals who weren't ancient but older & appeared rode hard & put away wet (if u know what I'm saying), smoking/talking outside the diner who were just as bad b4 we even got inside. I felt like they were w8ing 4 thier dealer &/or pimp or maybe they were w8ing 2 hit us up 4 something. Guess we should start charging people if they're gonna b looking @ us more than their pl8es, didn't know we were so darn amusing!!   Their rediculously constructed parking lot usually appears full, which I'm not sure why (tho no~doubt, some r employee cars as there's no other parking nearby) but it's conveniently loc8ed next 2 a mortuary so feel free 2 take that however u want.... Probably helps them look busier than they r, not saying they weren't when we got inside, just it may help their biz 'appear better than what is'. Sat next 2 a window so we could keep an eye on our vehicle as there were several sketchy characters also walking by while we 'tried' 2 dine. That's our take, we gave them a shot. Not good, nor bad but OK. May b a better experience 4 carnivores as we can't account 4 all the meat items which makes up most of their menu. So we finally checked this out but don't feel the need 2 return, not only cuz there's not much here 4 us 2 eat, but even more~so due 2 the abrasive feeling revolving~door type of 'service' & all the rude staring elderly patrons the place seems 2 cater 2. Yeah the price might b right, but much prefer Fast Eddie's in same price range w/ More options, Generous portions of Better Food, Atmosphere & Service... but remember, that's from the mouth's of Veg~heads...
3	A couple notches below a waffle house, dry potatoes, dry bacon, eggs were good. Pancake pretty standard, friendly staff.
4	I moved to Glendale approximately 8 years ago. I passed Parson's Restaurant many times over the years however never stopped in due to the exterior appearing old and nondescript. Well, my husband and I decided to give it a shot since we had heard good things about it. We were not disappointed and have returned several times since.  The people are very friendly, approachable, friendly and polite. The service has always been great as well as the food. It's always busy but service is prompt. Nothing fancy here but all good! Parson's has become one of our breakfast favorite restaurants.
3	Western omelet was good,  service was nice...
5	Service is stellar, friendly and fun.  Cooks send food out great tasty like homemade yumminess.  Elderly people walking up with cane/walkers, watched young hostess waiting at door to open it wide to let them in.  Love this wonderful Family owned restaurant!!!!
5	If your looking for a great breakfast place don't look any further.  This place is a must if your in the phx area. Great staff and great food. Very clean. I'm not sure why I have never been before.  I will definitely be returning.
