4	Really an awesome community park.  I have been to quite a few kids birthdays and company picnics here and have always had a blast (though I wouldn't attempt it in August).You don't even realize how huge this place is until you drive in since it is surrounded by residential communities.  There are so many things to do here.  Bike and jogging trails, a lake for fishing or paddle boats, baseball and basketball facilities, and plenty of grilling and picnicing areas including some that are covered.  There is even a train that goes around the whole park that kids can ride for a few bucks.  They also have a hummingbird habitat that I have not seen yet.  I wish I had heard about that before it got so hot since it sounds lovely!
4	Great park. Always nice people around. Good fishing.
2	This review is more about the birthday party experience we had here. The park itself is One of our favorite parks and I take my kids all the time. There is a big playground, small splash pad, a lake where you can feed the ducks (my kiddos love that). It's beautiful. We had my daughter's birthday party here and I think it's a good value. About $100 for unlimited ride bands for 9 kids and 2 adults. None of the adults wanted to ride rides so they just let 2 more kids use them. You also get a party host, ice cream, balloons, and you can bring in your own food (which saved us quite a bit of money). That all being said, we were very disappointed that the train was not working for most of the party. The kids had to ride the carousel the whole time. They were still going to charge me full price until I complained, then they reluctantly offered me a 10% discount. Furthermore, the party host does not host. She helped put up the balloons and then sat there the whole time. I had to ask her to do everything - get the cake, put on ride bands, etc. I paid extra for the package with the party host so I wouldn't have to do those things. I thought she would be hosting the party and lead the kids through some sort of a schedule. When she gave me the comment survey to fill out, I told her what I was going to put on the form about her hosting and she got very defensive and said those things weren't in her job description so it wasn't her fault that I had those expectations of what a party host does. I wasn't going to argue with her but management really should clarify that they don't actually host, just help with set up and clean up.Overall, not 100% thrilled with the party experience here, but I will continue to take my kiddos as we very much enjoy the park itself.
4	This is a typical Chandler Park. It's nice and clean.  The spray pad for little children is a plus, but I do wish the park rangers would come by once in a while to regulate the unruly kids that hang out there.
5	Amazing facilities!Train ride is cute and realistic.My son loves to go to school and take a ride on the train when he gets good grades.
5	This park is so nice and beautiful! Great playgrounds, fun train ride and carousel. Splash pad to cool down in summer too!
4	I was here last week for my nephews birthday party it this has a bit of everything. There is a awesome train that will take you and the kids around the park and through a little tunnel which the kids loved. They have a small snack bar which makes life easy and convenient. They have a larger lake area that I saw some people fishing at which looked relaxing. The play area for the kids I nice and was actually clean for a kids play area.The only thing that kept this park out of the 5 star range was it splash pad area. It is small, over crowned, and the surface is slippery. I thought the slippery surface was cool at first because kids were treating it like a slip and slide, and it looked awesome. I even saw some adults getting involved. The issue is that the water is dispensed from large concrete figures and when you get to many kids sliding on it at once they slam into each other like marbles, bounce off each other, and slam head first into the concrete figures. I know because I watched it happen to my kid. I know accidents happen and this was most certainly an accident, but I am sure that this is not the first time this has happened. I am for sure not one for child proofing everything, I say let kids be kids. This is just a heads up to watch them at the splash pad and make sure the coast is clear before they slide across it.
5	Great park for both kids and adults - nicely maintained tennis courts - 4 courts with one of them having a lot of shade especially in the summer!!Been coming here to play tennis for about 5 years now and each time there is always a crowd doing some kind of physical activity, whether it be tai-chi, walking, fishing, running or tennis.Thumbs-up for Desert Breeze Park!!
4	This is a fantastic park for quiet night walks, daily exercise, and family fun! The scenery is beautiful with lots of Palm trees over a pretty lake. Plenty of gazebos for picnics and shade, awesome playground and water park for the kids, and a very safe atmosphere in general. As a smaller 25 year old I feel completly safe walking my dog alone on the walking path through the park. Only complaint is the stray cat population that seems to continue to grow, but they keep to themselves so if you go during the day it's not too bad.
2	Filthy, too busy, horrible layout for the playground area, and there are bees and wasps everywhere. The train and carousel are overpriced. Not a fun park.
5	Love this place! The train is awesome! Feeding the ducks is fun! Great play ground area! The merry-go-round is fun!  Great place to take your little ones!
