3	According to Yelp, they have moved, but they have not.  They were bought out and the name changed.  My first Yelp review game them 5 stars, but 5 was pushing it, and that's mostly because of the doctos.I have been going to EyeOptx (formerly Eye Care Clinic) for 13 years and have been to three of their locations.  I have been going to this one for about eight years.  Unfortunately, they were recently absorbed by a chain out of the DC area called My Eye Dr.  The doctors are still the same for now, but the service since the switch has definitely deteriorated.  I first realized the place changed around August when I needed to obtain a receipt for my FSA card.  I called and was put through to another person.  The faxed me the receipt, but it was not the detailed one I needed.  I called yesterday to schedule appointments for my wife and myself.  No one answered and after being put on hold on for a couple of minutes, I was given the option to leave a message but did not.  I called back a little while later and someone answered.  The good news is that they had appointments the next day.  After scheduling them, they called and left a message saying they received a call from my number.  Too late.We get to the appointment at 11 and were asked to fill out paperwork as if we were brand new patients.  They asked if we had printed the forms online.  Well, no one told me we needed to do it, or I would have.  It would have been futile anyway; we did not get to see our doctor until after 11:30, something that has never happened in 13 years of patronizing the business.  I wanted to knock this out quickly on my lunch break as I have often done, but it took two hours and I did not even look for glasses because I did not have time.  Now, I have to waste more time and go back if I want to get my glasses from there, and they do not have that much of a selection.  I love Dr. Nancee Nguyen.  She has an amazing personality and is cute, but she may not be enough to keep us around if this is what to become of Eye Optix after the acquisition.Original review can be found here:http://www.yelp.com/biz/eyeoptix-vision-and-laser-center-od-pa-charlotte-3?hrid=R9WZtILCLxdf4vAnJYTaTw&nb=1
3	I I returned to My Eye Dr to pick out frames since I did not have time when I went for my appointment two months prior.  The selection for men's frames is limited.  I ended up selecting a pair that is similar to my current pair although it seemed like they were pushing me to more expensive frames (I noticed this with other people too).  There were a lot of new people working that were learning, so my guess would be that a lot of people quit after the acquisition.  They again had to switch some of my info from the old system into the new system.  The following day I received an automated call from them that it had been a while since I had my annual exam even though I just had it two months ago and go every year for one.  I love Dr. Nancy but I think I'm done here.
5	I recently visited myeyedr on arrowood and the entire staff was fantastic. Marcia was a huge help when it came to my glasses and contacts order. I highly recommend visiting this location as they are informative, caring, and very helpful. I will certainly return and refer my friends.
5	Courteous staff, knowledgeable Doctor, price match on my contacts (less expensive than 1-800 Contacts)...could not ask for more.
