4	The beer is good, the place enormous, pretty much a game changer in Charlotte.I went to the grand opening.  Great music and a huge crowd.  The beer lines inside needed some kind of crowd control though, as for some reason half the people there didn't know how a line worked.  When you walk up, you go to the back, not the front.I tried the brown and both the pales.  The USPA was pretty good.  Nice and hoppy.  The other pale ale wasn't anything special but definitely drinkable.  I liked the brown a lot but it seemed a little closer to a porter/stout.I see great things for this place in the future and should be a staple in panthers pre/post games.
4	I was there for the grand opening last night and will try to base this review more on the beer and the physical location than on the service/atmosphere since it will probably not be anywhere near that crowded when you stop by there on a random Saturday.First off, the beer!  There was a really good variety of brews available: pale ale, wheat, USPA (their take on an IPA), amber, session, stout, and a few more than I cannot recall.  Given the enormous lines, I only got to try a couple.  I was not a fan of the pale ale, but I really enjoyed the USPA (IPA).  I've never used the word "smooth" to describe an IPA, but this one was.  I think it is safe to say that it will be the signature beer.  Now, the location.  This place is right on Mint Street and you can see the football stadium right up the road, maybe half a mile.  It's really a perfect spot to grab a few before a game.  There is a big parking lot at the brewery and plenty of street parking as well.  When you walk in you'll find sitting areas to the left and right, with the main attraction - the bar - just around the corner.  You can also look through the huge glass windows at the back to see where it's all made.  It looks like there is plenty of room for future expansion back there!  This place lacks the character of a place like NoDa or Birdsong, and I was a little disappointed with that.It was hard to get a good feel for this place at the grand opening, but there was a HUGE crowd out there so it seems that a lot of people were pretty stoked about this place.  Another brewery in Charlotte, gotta love that!
4	It's hard not to be a fan of any new brewery opening up a few minutes away. Based on the several beers we tried, I think Unknown has some real potential at providing another element to the Charlotte beer scene. I think i was most impressed by their non-regulars that i tried: Naughty by Nature (old ale) and Hop O' The Morning (coffee ipa?). Both were quite tasty. I also tried the USPA and the pale ale, both were serviceable and I will likely be giving them another go in the near future, but my initial reaction didn't have me declaring new favorites.The atmosphere was kind of different. The tables and chairs felt more like I was on lunch break at a cafe or in a cafeteria rather than a taproom. It might have been the really bright lighting in front as well. The bar was a little different with an open bottom to it. I did like the glass separation between the tap room and the large brewery side. Overall, I felt the taproom was missing something to make it more inviting. It was less busy when we went and the staff was great and informative. We shall return.
4	I ventured into the Unknown as I heard some good things from fellow Yelpers, and I'm always game to try a new brewery.  First off, they need to update their website to include their tasting room hours and maybe a phone number.  Or is this by design to keep with the "unknown" theme?  I hiked over there from Uptown on a Saturday night with the hope that they would be open, and was welcomed with a full house.  The brewery is huge (I would say cavernous - with lots of room for growth of tasty new beers).  The tasting room is large with a large bar area and some seating in side rooms.  They have one room just for playing corn hole which is cool, and my favorite was the "wall of unknown" with just crazy WTF photos that people have taken from across the world and hung up here.  I see good potential for some even crazier pics appearing here.My first impression of the beer is that it is good beer, but to earn another star, they need to offer taster flights or at least half-pints.  I wanted to try several of their beers, but they didn't have anything but pint glasses to offer.  So, I tried the USPA and enjoyed a pint.  They were out of the session (or were taking a long time to change the keg, so I didn't get to try it the night I was there).  They also don't have logo glasses yet, so I'm looking forward to obtaining one of those the next time I'm in town, and hopefully trying more beers to see if they can earn the extra star rating :)
3	As a non-beer drinker, I accompany the fella - a huge beer nerd - to a lot of breweries.  So, I'm pretty much in it for the atmosphere, and he's pretty much in it for the brews.  That said, I give Unknown a 2/5 for ambiance, and he gives it a 4/5 for the drinks, so 3/5 overall it is!We visited on a Saturday afternoon around 3:30, one week after their grand opening, and the place was hopping!  We were able to get a parking space in their lot, but there weren't many left.  Upon entering, I noticed the smaller tasting rooms others had mentioned, and I immediately got a warehouse feel... maybe because it's in a warehouse?  We walked around the corner to the bar, and it was a little bit of mass chaos - some people were sitting at the bar, but most were trying to jockey up to it to get a beer, so I got a little claustrophobic.We grabbed a seat at the end and finally got settled.  The neon green and gray colors and steel chairs felt pretty sterile to me, and the warehouse acoustics seemed to require everyone to yell to be heard, especially over the indoor corn-hole going on.  Ugh.  There's a high bar along the back wall where people can stand and put their drinks and look out through the glass walls to the tanks, and it was pretty cool to see the guys out there making the beer.  There are also electrical outlets around, so some people had their phones/tablets charging while they drank, which was pretty cool, too.  There are a couple of TVs, but they had just been installed and weren't on; I overhead the bartender tell another guy that they were only going to turn them on for Panther games, which is kinda cool since you can see the stadium out the side window.The fella got a Head First and an Over the Edge (which the bartender said was their flagship beer), and he said they were pretty darn delicious.  He and I disagreed over the feel of the place - he liked it more than I did, so maybe it's a fella thing?  I asked for a water, and I got a free bottle with a glass... nice.The service was a little slow because there were so many people, but our bartenders were incredibly nice and helpful when the fella was making a decision about which beer to pick.Their payment system is done via iPad, and everything seems very sleek and modern, but I'm more of comfy, cozy girl (think Triple C or NoDa), not a warehouse party feel.  Perhaps the moral of this review is that I'm officially old.
3	I need more.  That's the basic consensus I have after visiting.  The tap room when we visited was super packed and needs more seating.  The space in general needs more square footage as well.  There is a ton to have in that massive space so I'm confused as to why they made the tap room so small.Secondly I need more ABV content.  Please make some high gravity beers and beers with more personality.  I'm not sure who their targeting with their beers but the beer nerds I know and hang out with will leave this place disappointed unless they step up their IBU's and/or create some creative brews.Overall, I think Unknown is testing the water a little bit and playing it safe.  I hope to see them spread their wings a bit more and really ramp up their brews.
3	Not use to no name beers
3	I am one of the beer nerds that Travis W. was speaking about in one of the earlier reviews and I have to agree with everything Travis states in his review. With that said though, I love new businesses in our area...especially a new brewery. I do not think there could ever be too many breweries. However, I personally was not a fan of the beer selection that is available at this time. But that is just my taste. To me, the higher the gravity, the better and the more hops, the better. But that is not everyone. I love the brewery itself, it is much different then all of the other breweries as far as atmosphere. It is definitely an impressive setup and I look forward to going back in a couple months and see if they have any new brews.
3	If I could give them another  1/2 star, I would, because I really did enjoy my experience here. We went semi-early on a Friday night (think: 7:30), and the place was busy but not obnoxiously packed (the seating leaves something to be desired, so I can imagine it quickly fills up to standing room only later in the evening). My boyfriend and I sat at the bar and got a couple beers (and a couple pint glasses for $2 or $3 more!). The beer was good; not my absolute favorite of the local Charlotte breweries, but pretty good. Then again (and as other yelpers have commented on), they don't have high gravity beers, which are my personal favorites, so perhaps I'm biased.Shortly after we arrived, we had the opportunity to take an impromptu tour of the operation, which was delightful (who doesn't like getting a little beer knowledge dropped on them?). I want to go back and bring a picture to put on the "wall of unknown"...I'm not entirely sure what the pictures are supposed to be of (one yelper said, "crazy WTF photos that people have taken from across the world," which I'll agree with if you remove "crazy WTF" from that statement, because many really weren't all that crazy), but I'd like to contribute!Also, their hours are: Thursday-Friday, 4:00 PM - 10:00 PM; Saturday-Sunday, 12:00 PM - 8:00 PM. There seemed to be some confusion about this, so...there ya go.
4	Went here this past Saturday becasue we saw it was knew and then realized we could walk there! The place is huge inside....multiple rooms and indoor corn hole, which was nice. We ordered a couple of beers throughout the time we spent there. Besides the wheat beer (which was amazing), there wasn't anything crazy memorable. I wish they had more IPA type beers on tap. Though, I know that they are currently brewing in Greenville SC since they dont have all their licenses to brew in their current facility. Thus, maybe when they actually start brewing on premises, they will expand their beer selection.Can't wait to see how this brewery does in the future. Excellent location (very close to the Panthers stadium) and there is plenty of room to grow!
4	Came to their soft opening & was hooked for sure. They are doing a great job with their beer & the atmosphere is fun as well. They are still fairly new, but with their location & proximity to Bank of America Stadium - I have no doubt that they will quickly become one of the more popular breweries in town!I'm excited to see more of what they have to offer, but their USPA (From their website: "We've never been to India and neither has this beer.") Over the Edge is phenomenal & I really enjoy their No Shame wheat as well.Their hours are a little weird, so make sure you check that out before you head over!
4	Finally visited the newer additional to Charlotte local breweries on a sunny Sunday (Sunday Funday!). The location has pros & cons: pros being that it's close to the Stadium/Uptown; cons being a little isolated from anything else, and lack of outdoor patio space to enjoy. The parking was fine, but I can see it being a little lacking once it gets popular.The inside space is industrial and roomy.  They opted for a more modern feel instead of the heavy wood rustic look. So the beer... let's talk about beer. They have 3 "house" brews: IPA, pale ale & wheat. Yesterday they also had 2 specials: a Russian Imperial Stout (Smooth & tasty at 13% ABV... and apparently the popular choice for everyone yesterday) and a Ginger Wheat. I tasted the 3 house brews and went with the IPA. It's not too hoppy for this novice IPA drinker. Funny thing is I never used to drink IPA, and yet I found theirs to be smooth & flavorful. There are plenty of space inside, you can see the brewery area (they just started to brew on site) through the big glass wall separating the tap room and work area. There is a ping pong table upfront and 2 TVs mounted up. In my opinion a perfect spot for a private gathering. Indeed I saw that you can rent their space out with 3 hours of beer drinking included. My party planning wheels are definitely turning.All in all it was a good experience. Welcome to the Charlotte craft beer scene, I wish you all a long and prosperous stay!
2	Bring your ID because the bartenders will card you EVERY TIME you order #annoyingAlso, no beers darker than a pale ale on tap. I was disappointed. Plus, the space felt like I was at a Yoforia, not a brewery. I want to like Unknown Brewing, but I just can't.
2	I was pretty disappointed with Unknown.  Their space is fine, though a sunny patio would be nice.  But on a fairly slow afternoon the bartenders tended to ignore us, and they don't have samplers of their beer on offer.  And their beer was pretty unmemorable.  With better options in the area, it's hard to recommend Unknown.
4	A friend of mine recently moved to South End, so we're doing an informal drinking tour of bars in the neighborhood. It just so happened that her friend Mitch Hayes was playing live music there one night, so off we went. I came in through the brewery room, and there was a private event going on- awkward! Luckily the bar is bright green so I found my way over. The bartender was very friendly and when I told him I had never tasted any of their beer, he poured me up a quick sample flight. Although I LOVED the Stout I tried, it was only the beginning of the evening so I stuck with the Pre-Game, while my friend had the Head First. We hung out for a couple hours, enjoying the beer, the music, and later, the drunk hosts of the private party dancing with their shoes off. Hey, I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done the same a few times. This is a great addition to South End, and their large brewery room is sure to be a hot spot for events and weddings. One small complaint- when you are building a bar, have a lady sit on a bar stool. Have her cross her legs. Then make the bar that high.
5	I went here on Saturday and sunday.   I found the service a little cold Saturday but they were fantastic on sunday.  I sampled there main beers....Pale ale. Wheat and  over the edge ipa.  They were good but nothing outstandinf.  Now their small batch and seasonal were great.  The Silverback Stout and the best the Ginger Wheat.   Good indoor space and small outdoor area were comfortable and we'll done.
3	Really enjoyable beer and scene, but a growler is just WAY too expensive at $24. Granted, the price of the growler itself is included. The barkeep quoted $17 for a refill. So that's $17 for 64 ounces! You'll find a lot of breweries willing to bottle 72 ounces of comparable beer in separate, handy 12 ounce bottles (that are not slowly leaking CO2, btw), place them in a nice cardboard carrying case, and ship them thousands of miles to a store near you, for a little over half this price. Sure, it's smaller batches, local, yadda yadda. All that stuff considered, still too expensive.
5	I love the hospitali-TEA!  I'm actually obsessed! Their other beers are very good too.  Everyone is very friendly!  And they allow dogs!!!
5	I love this brewery. I really like that they are not afraid to get creative with their beers and it helps that they taste great too. The Ginger Wh(e)at?! is absolutely delicious, not to mention unique. I sometimes get bored with the same old selections at our local breweries so I like that Unknown is a bit adventurous.  The service was friendly and the place itself is clean, fairly spacious, and a tad on the quirky side. I also saw a dog so I imagine it's dog-friendly. I will definitely return!
3	4 stars for beer 3 stars for venueThe venue is in a great location near panther stadium and a few apartment buildings.  I personally like the color choices and paintings on the inside of the place.  Though The layout is kind weird.  There is an area to the front, a tight squeeze at the bar, and weird side portion.  Also, it has one of my biggest pet peeves flourescent lighting.  Though, on to the good.  From contract brewing, to fire their old brewer, and now they have a newer brewer.  The beer has gone from medicore to pretty damn good.  I especially enjoy the vehpciraptor.  I wish unknown the best and it seems as if they are really turning around.
4	I had so much fun at The Unknown! This was the first stop on our beer tour. The staff was really friendly, and helped the entire group find a beer that they liked. They were very willing to let us sample some beers. The place is very big, with several tables with fun games (such as Cards Against Humanity) set up on them. There is also a ping pong table off to one side. The restrooms were clean, and there was a water dispenser to get water. I look forward to going back to Unknown!
3	It seems like breweries are popping up everywhere around Charlotte, so I finally decided to check one of them out.  There isn't much fan fare or highfalutin decorations in this place, which actually makes it kind of cool.  There are just some tables, taps, and kettles.I am usually not a craft beer fan, but the Hospitalitea beer they serve is very good.  I did't even try any other beers, because I enjoyed it so much.  There is not much to this place, but there is some good beer.  It is definitely worth checking out.
