5	Replaced my garage door at an extremely good price, great work courteous and timely. This is the place to call for all your garage door needs. We use them for both home and our commercial doors. Thank you so much!
5	Travis from HNS was a godsend! I had nothing but headaches with this other large company in town and just needed my garage door fixed! Travis came down and was easy to talk to, gave me a fair price and had my garage door fixed and reprogrammed within the hour. I would recommend him and his company a thousand times over!
5	Travis was great! He was at our house within an hour after we called! Very friendly, good price & good work.
5	Travis is the Man. He is prompt, courteous, knowledgeable and efficient. His fee was most reasonable and he guaranteed his work for six months. While he is in business, I will call no other garage door company.
5	I would trust none other than HNS with my garage door needs.  The technician not only arrived promptly, but was courteous, respectful, and even well groomed!  He communicated with me every step of the way, something very few service workers do.  I felt very comfortable having the technician in my home and garage.  He demonstrated the newly installed garage door opener for me, and made sure I knew how to use it or if I had any questions before he left.  He was very honest and I felt safe allowing him access to my house and garage.  I highly recommend HNS.
5	Travis did a great! job.....called him and within only a couple of hours notice...showed up...done/all works......left!  RECOMMENDED A+++
5	We originally called Dreikosen Garage Door Service because of the great reviews they had here on Yelp.  They didn't answer their phone and it just went to voicemail the few times I tried to call and they didn't call back until 7pm last night when I called at 7am!  I am pretty THANKFUL that happened because then I called Travis at HNS Garage Doors!!  WOW was he pretty amazing!!  So here is what happened, a spring broke on our garage door yesterday morning.  I called Travis at 10:30am and told him what happened and he quoted me over the phone with 2 different options.  I then had to call my husband to see which option he wanted.  I called Travis back at 11:30a and scheduled the appointment.  Travis said he would be at our house the next day between 9a-11a, but would call when he was on his way.  He called my husband at 8:30a and arrived at 9a.  He then inspected our garage door and he even inspected the single car garage door for us.  He then went over with my husband all the issues with our door(s) and gave suggestions on what we could do to extend the life of our garage doors.  He suggested we replace another part on the door but never pressured my husband to do it.  My husband agreed with Travis and had him replace the springs and the rollers wheels.  Travis went above and beyond by not only fixing our broken garage door in an hour, but he also tightened our spring on the single car garage door and fixed the handle to open it without being asked to or charging us for it.  We will never use any other company!  Thank you Travis and HNS for your quick response, professional work and going above and beyond.We will be highly recommending HNS to everyone we know that has any issues with their garage door!
5	We needed help getting our daughter's garage door fixed after amother company basically took her to the cleaners with a super high service call. $60 to come out to the house, and then an additional $60 for a 5 minute adjustment, and then the recommendation to spend another $300 for new springs! Pretty much she spent $120 for NOTHING! Our son recommended that we call Travis at HNS Garage Doors. He not only came out immediately, but he was so reasonably priced and efficient that we were sick we didn't have him in the first place! Never again! From now on, HNS gets all our garage business as well as our recommendations to friends and family.
5	Had to call someone out to my house yesterday due to my garage door not working.  I called HNS and talked to Travis.  He was very nice on the phone and told me he would be out between !-3.  I got a call from him at about 5 minutes to 1pm.  He told me he would be there in 20 minutes.  As promised, he showed up, looked at my door.  He didn't try to oversell me on parts.  While, he wasn't able to do anything until Monday, he told me how to lock the door down and unplugged the motor for me.  I will update review when work is complete.Update:Travis is awesome!  This guy is one out of a thousand!  He has bent over backward to help me and to deal with a difficult landlord.  I was still having a couple of issues with my gargage door due to another company (Do not use: Precision Door) who had set the tension wrong on my door.  He has come back 3-4 times to keep checking and making sure the door is working.  He even went as far as replacing the sensors for free.  Who does that??  Service like this is rare, especially in Vegas!!I am picky and do not give 5 stars lightly!
5	Travis from HNS came out to our house on a Sunday and did a great job repairing a snapped spring on our garage.  His repair was very quick and he even came back the following week when we had another small issue, at no charge to us.  His service and personality are fantastic and we will continue to recommend him to friends and family!
5	I called hns  for garage spring repair today. They were on time and professional. My usual garage repair company couldn't make afternoon Saturday appointment. I recommend this company.
5	Had an AWESOME experience with Travis at HNS. After getting a very overpriced quote from another company, Travis quoted me a much better price (almost half). He came by, was quick, efficient, friendly... and now I have a brand new garage door opener at half the price of the other guys.Travis (he is the owner) is a respectful guy... makes a profit without victimizing you. Call him first.
5	Weary of repair service in Vegas. I was at work and had Travis visit my home to fix garage door. Just my wife and kids at home I thought he'd surely up-sell something to her. He did not, stayed true to the quote, and honored the yelp coupon my wife printed. Thank you Travis (owner) now I have a dependable garage door service for life!
5	Yet another 5 star review.  The Guru of Garage Doors.  A complete professional!  Was the exact broken part he thought it was and the exact very reasonable price he quoted me.  Plus he lubes the hinges and warranted his work. In a town full of shady service people don't mess around call Travis with HNS!
5	Travis came out to my house after I found him on this site. He was extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and showed up on time. His price was great and he was able to fix my problem without hidden costs or extra service charges like other companies try on. I'm saving this guy's number for sure & won't be using anyone else. Thanks for everything Travis!
5	Garage door hadn't been working properly for a while.  Travis came right over to look, then replaced the entire system the next day.  He gave me options for units and a very fair price.  He also set up the remotes for the other garage and for the Homelink system in my car.  I'm very happy with the service and the price.  Now, not only does the garage door work, it's nearly silent with the belt drive he put in.  Would definitely recommend using HNS.
5	Work done on a timely manner. Reasonable price & knows what he is doing, Honest & respectful. Even got a discount when I mentioned yelp reviews. Returns call quickly.
5	I've had my garage door serviced last year by Dreikosen Garage Door and although I did not have any bad experiences, they did not repair the garage quite well.  Hence, I called Travis from HNS Garage. He fixed the garage on the day I've called and took the time to do extra work and services.  Very professional and great service.  I would definitely use HNS for a garage repair again, NOT Dreikosens.
5	Travis was fast and efficient and reasonably priced.  Hopefully we won't need him to repair our carelessness but if we mess it up again we will definitely be calling HNS!
5	Look no further!  Travis is excellent.  Very responsive.  Did top notch work.  Threw in extras.  Offered to come back and fix anything that wasn't right.  Can't say enough about him and the quality of the product he delivered.
5	Travis is great.  Help with several rental properties super fast with reasonable price.  Don't shop anywhere else, just call Travis.
5	Travis was Awesome!! Next day All the panels changed and Door works and Looks GREAT!!   Great Price also!!Call him NOW!!
5	My garage door was bumped off track and could not get the tension cables back on. Let the door down and without the tension cables connected was not getting it open again. Called HNS and Travis was incredible. He met me after my work hours, assessed the situation immediately and had it fixed in probably 30 minutes. And was completely fair on his price and the estimate was free!!  I would recommend this company to everyone. Thank you Travis!!!
5	After nothing but problems with my door opener since moving in 4 yrs ago, I finally bit the bullet and replaced it. Cost me $350 for the new unit but I couldn't be happier.  Everything is quiet, the lighting is better and all my openers work at the touch of button - no more holding them above my head, holding the enter button for 3 minutes, or only working when I'm literally right under it (and 99% of the time those tricks didn't even work).  I'm so happy with the new unit that I made my house guest stand in the garage while I opened and closed it just to show it off.  He didn't understand how awesome it was, but whatever.I've used 2 other garage businesses listed on Yelp.  One has nothing but terrible reviews so stay away from them.  The other has excellent reviews but I didn't get excellent service.  In fairness he was sick the day he repaired my springs, however he put a hole in my wall while doing so and didn't tell me about it.  Then he threw up in my bathroom and left.  I kind of expected him to call me back to discuss the other questions I had since he left in such a hurry but I never heard from him.  Maybe he figured I'd find the hole in the wall and ask for him to repair it?I bought the LiftMaster unit as it came with a lifetime warranty.  I got one inside wall keypad, one outside wall keypad, and 2 clickers included in the price.My only complaint about HNS was Travis was supposed to email my receipt but I never got it.  If a friend asks for a recommendation, I will point them to HNS.
5	"Thanks for EXCELLENT SERVICE" I sent this on the contact form for their website...Just wanted to say I had a great experience with HNS today. I work in a customer service oriented industry myself so I think my expectations can be really high when I become the customer. Travis answered the phone immediately & had a pleasant friendly voice. I explained my situation & he gave me a 2 hour window (Yes, that day!) I was thrilled with the availability for the same day, let alone within a few hours. As promised, he called when he was heading over, he showed up in the time he estimated & excused my storage wars setting in the garage. He fixed everything! It's now not even 30 min later & here I am, new clicker in hand, sensors facing properly, the garage closes when you press the button, reinstalled keypad entry. I am one happy customer. I will also be sharing my review on as many sites as I can find. I will sing your praises - no doubt! The new stickers are in place should I ever have a problem & I'll definitely call if I need anything! Hopefully, I won't have any more problems with my garage, but you bet I'll be referring HNS to everyone & I will call them if I ever have to repair/replace a garage door! Thanks again & I only wish everyone else was so pleasant to work with! All my best...
5	I called after hours on Thursday and they called us back later that night. We set up an appointment for Friday. After we settled a little mix up with the time, the tech came out and assessed the issue. He quoted us a very reasonable price for parts and labor and returned on Saturday to fix the door. The service was done quick and well! They even managed to get us in earlier than we actually scheduled for. Highly recommended. Very polite and knowledgable techs and the price is right!
5	My torsion spring broke on my 2 car garage door. They got to my place in 1 hour and replaced my broken single torsion spring with a high quality dual torsion spring and finished the job in only 30 minutes. I received fast, efficient and professional service from them at a good price. I highly recommend them and would use them / recommend them in the future
5	Hit the button and the garage door moved all of 3 inches.  After messing with it a bit and figuring out that pulling the emergency cable was getting me nowhere fast, I jumped on Yelp and found HNS.  With a consistent 5-star rating, I just didn't look anywhere else.  Called at 7:30am and Travis had a tech out to my house within 3 hours.  It took Jason one minute to diagnose the problem--which wasn't apparent to me until he pointed it out.  I've been in that garage at least a thousand times and never paid attention to the springs.  We talked about the repair and replacement pricing, which was fair and reasonable, and he installed new torsion springs, plus helped me coordinate all the remotes and reprogram the keypad.  And, he did the springs while my car was in the garage (I'm sure it created a challenge) and he left no debris or scratches anywhere.  Great tech, Jason--very professional, knowledgeable and friendly--nice service all around from HNS, including Travis.  Thanks to you guys, I didn't waste much of my day off.  I am a very satisfied customer and will definitely use HNS when it's time to upgrade the old Craftsman unit.
5	HNS was not the first place I called. The other places were way over priced and would charge me $50 just to look at it (oh but they'd waive that if I overpaid and had them fix my door) or we're unavailable until this evening. So glad I called HNS. Gave me a quote over the phone, got a call back within an hour, showed up and we're very professional. They looked at my door, which I backed into, dented and knocked off the track, and fixed it on the spot. If i do decide to replace the panel I would definitely use HNS. Being 9 months pregnant and at a loss for where to turn for a trustworthy repair service, they put my mind at ease!
5	I was in a bind and had already given my 30 days notice to my landlady and switched off utilities when the garage door snapped. Travis was able to fix the garage door when there was no electricity or lights working. When I called another place, they said that they couldn't do it. I'm super grateful to HNS and Travis for being so cool. My boyfriend didn't get home in time to pay, so Travis took the payment after services rendered which restores my faith in humanity. This business will take care of you.
5	We called HNS after our garage door developed a mind of its own, opening and closing on a whim morning, noon and night!! After seeing all the rave reviews about HNS  on Yelp we had to call for their assistance and we were not disappointed.  We received prompt attention and excellent service and thanks to both Jason and Travis we now have a fabulous new door that is thoroughly behaving itself.
5	I bought an opener online, HNS installed it for a good price. The tech was on time, polite, and thorough. He changed two rollers that were broken for what it would have cost me to go buy them and do it myself. He lubed all the hinges, the springs, and the rollers, even the ones he didn't install. It isn't a big deal, but it shows care. I would use these guys again.
5	I cringed in horror when I realized my garage door wasn't working, I had previously called out "anytime garage door" for a different repair when I first moved it (long story short, they tried to rip me off charging me $1000 after quoting me $400 for what I learned was a $200 job. I cancelled my check and told them I would pay what I was quoted.  They refused and tried to put a lien on my home! after reporting them to the state, BBB,action 8 news-I won my case and learned they had been doing this to many others!) mainly women and the elderlyanyway,  I knew it had something to do with the sensors because we were able to manually hold the button down and close the garage. We did this for about a month! leaving for work and having to run back in and hold down the button, exit through the front door to lock it, quite an inconvenience!After weeks of looking through reviews and trying to find a legit company that wouldn't try to rip me off, I came across HNS garage doors. I called them at night and they came the next day. He fixed the sensor, wd40d all of my rollers, tightened all of the loose parts and only charged me for the service call  (and felt bad for doing that) it was a quick fix but I am so thankful for the honesty and prompt service I was given. would HIGHLY recommend this company.
5	Excellent!  My torsion spring broke in the middle of the summer.  I called them at 9:30, and they were at my house by 10:30.  Done in less than an hour.  Professional, quick, and no hassle.  I wish all services ran this well.
5	I found them on Yelp and I'm so glad I did. I needed a new garage door. They came out and gave me a quote and the next day boom I have a new garage door. They were so fast at installing it, pretty awesome! Highly recommended!
5	Door was stopping midway. Tried to adjust it myself to no avail. Thought I was going to have to spend a lot for a new opener. To my surprise all it cost me was a service call. The spring needed adjustment and the sensor was loose. Just great service.
5	I first called "United Garage Door" and set up an appointment for between 10 AM and noon. They never showed or called. When I set them a text message at around 12:30 PM asking where they were they responded by saying that they ran into an unexpected problem on a big job and that they would like to reschedule for between 4PM to 6PM that day. I told them that I had postponed other errands just to wait for them, and that I was disappointed that they didn't have the courtesy to let me know that they weren't coming, so they could forget the job.In contrast to this experience, HNS was on time for the estimate and on time for the job. Travis was very friendly and  professional, and the job was done right (and for slightly less money than the other guys). I honestly don't see how it could have gone better! Two thumbs up!
5	The previous reviews were correct. The service was great. Highly recommended !
5	I recently purchase a garage door opener from HNS and believe me when I tell you they're all about 5 star service, product and price. Do yourself a favor if you need a door or just the opener don't even bother with anyone else this is the company. Forget second opinions and really forget Martin doors just call HNS and your problem solved. Thank You Travis Paul Sampugnaro
5	Had a great experience from the beginning. No questions left unanswered. No continued service needed but if so, I would be comfortable with asking them for help. Highly recommended!
5	The torsion springs on my 2 Car garage door broke. I called around to several places, Travis, with HNS matched a competitors price and went above and beyond my expectations.  HNS was able to come out within a couple hours of my initial call, they were courteous, professional, and got the job done quickly.Thank you!
5	Travis was great....another five star rating and well deserved!!
5	HNS Garage Doors came out to my residence to fix a broken spring on my garage door after it snapped early this morning. This company came in a timely manner and was very fast and efficient at repairing the damage. I called other companies before and HNS was the only company the answered the phone and was able to accommodate my schedule. I want to thank HNS & Travis for the excellent customer service and work performed . I wouldn't recommend any other garage door repair company. Thank you very much for the help.
5	Last week, my garage door was stuck and would not close. I gave Travis a call and he came out to take a look. He gave his advice and I needed a new garage door opener. The great thing was I was able to select the kind of garage door opener I wanted instead of being stuck with a brand that companies only use. He came a few days later to install the new opener. He did great, fast, quality work for a very fair price. I highly recommend Travis and will do work with him in the future.
