4	This is one of those reviews where I wish Yelp had 1/2 star options but nevertheless I'll give them the nod in the right direction because they get most of the important parts right and the place is worth a visit.If you've been to Cafe Porta Alba in Hilldale Mall then this restaurant should be pretty familiar.  It's from the same people, the food is very similar, but this is basically the express version.  The pizzas on average are 10" instead of 12", but the bonus to this is that they are virtually the same size, they cost less ($8-9~ for a pie) and they have the same level of tasty quality.That's really what's best about Novanta.  For those not familiar, Novanta and Cafe Porta Alba have a specialty oven that cooks their pizzas at 900 degrees and which was imported from Italy.  They have a rare Italian certification that only some 50 places in the U.S. have for being allowed to serve this Neopolitan Pizza.  It allows them to make your pizza in roughly 90 seconds, so wait times are fairly low for dinner (about 10-15 minutes after you order).  They use fantastic fresh ingredients with just enough choices on the menu to wet your pallet and a burnt, crispy, kneaded crust that is delicious.  It's a great portion size in my opinion; usually most people order one pizza for themselves, which gives you 4 reasonably big slices.  But since the dough is thin except at the point of the crust you will be comfortably full, not wondering why you ordered a whole pie for yourself.As for selection, they have a few different routes you can go, the ones I described above have about 9-10 menu choices followed by another group with alternative styles (no sauce/4-cheese, deluxe salads, gelato, etc).  The Salccicia (sp) with Mushrooms, Olive Oil, Basil, Crumbled Sausage, and Garlic is incredibly good as is their plainer Margherita pizza with Bufala Mozzarella.  And if you don't like their options they do allow you to build your own.  The taste of all of the ones I've tried is light, full of flavor, with an appetizing amount of oil and crispiness that help you savor the last few bites.  The only bad marks are the location and lack of atmosphere.  While I'm appreciative that they opened this near my apartment, the bigger restaurant in Hilldale has a slightly more intimate feel and actual restaurant service as opposed to ordering at a counter.  The strip mall that Novanta is at is growing increasingly popular and has a really bad parking lot, so on occassion there's too many impatient drivers and swarms of little kids.  The decor inside is also bland, there's a few stock photos on the wall from Italy but otherwise it's very much the same as the Chipotle and Chins next door.  I'll give them time to improve this though, as they literally just opened and the cheaper price over Porta de Alba makes this a very agreeable place to frequent.  My wife and I had drinks and pizza for roughly $20 and tipped a few bucks at the counter jar as opposed to an actual waiter/waitress 20%+.I recently had Pizza Bruta too, but both my wife and I liked Novanta and Porta Alba much better.  Not that Bruta is bad, it was decent, but it has the same atmosphere as Novanta with sub-par taste.The pizza is definitely worth a stop for at Novanta.  Stop by ad give it a try and if you have room there's ice cream to wash it down with.  They even have a Nutella-Stuffed pizza that I'm really tempted to get next time I'm there.
2	My boyfriend and I went to Novanta on a Sunday and were greeted right away when we came here.  We needed a minute to look at the menu though, since we had never been here before.  The woman working at the counter walked away while we thought about what we wanted.  She came back when more people came in.  She greeted them and told them they could skip us in line because we were thinking about what we wanted.  It would've been nice if she checked to see if we were ready before she let people skip us, but she didn't bother.  The woman who skipped us in line was part of a group.  Some of the group skipped us while some of the group did not.When it was time to order my boyfriend and I each ordered pizza and tiramisu.  The woman told us that they didn't make any tiramisu that day, so it was not available.  We then decided to just go with 2 pizzas.The group of 6 who we ordered in the middle of all got their food before us.  I then saw my pizza was ready about 5 minutes before my boyfriend's pizza.  By the time our entire order was ready my pizza was room temperature.  The pizza tasted pretty good.  I got a margherita pizza.  I was disappointed that one of my four slices of pizza didn't have any cheese on it.  Part of the crust was burnt to a point that I didn't eat it.  Had there been a little more cheese and it would've been cooked correctly, I think this pizza would've been good.  There's a lot of potential here, but potential isn't enough to go back any time soon.  There are just too many other pizza options in the city.
5	I have visited Novanta a few times now, all for takeout, and it's been a damn fine experience each time. It goes something like this:- I peruse the menu on the wall, waffling between the fantastic salsiccia pizza (hold the mushrooms) I had last time, or one of the other dozen or so specialty pizzas listed. - the friendly woman at the counter patiently waits- I skip the create your own option -- it's after work and my brain is fried. I don't want to think. I let the creators of these wonderful pies do the thinking for me. - the friendly woman at the counter patiently waits- I order the diavola this time. The salame and onion and basil are fresh and cooked to perfection in novanta secondi (note: it cooks in 90 seconds; it's not ready 90 seconds after you order)- I, the friendly customer, patiently wait- I devour the pizza within 90 seconds of sitting down to eat- Magnifico!Return next week, repeat.
5	I love Novanta! The pizza is great. They have multiple vegetarian options, and you can also build your own. I always seem to order the Toscano - it is so tasty!  I've dined in and also gotten take out multiple times. Service is super fast at dinnertime.  I haven't stopped for lunch yet, so I can't vouch for how quickly you can get in and out during a busy work-week lunch hour. Novanta is a great addition to the dining options on Old Sauk!
4	Just a short drive from my house I was excited to hear about Cafe Porta Alba Annex West opening!!!  Pizza and salads are fantastic (my pizza was actually slightly better than even the Porta Alba at Hilldale)...as I was hoping for!  The venue is underwhelming and I'm not the biggest fan of the counter order style (similar to Pizza Brutta), but the food was great.  We sat outside at their tables on a nice sunny day, but unfortunately you just overlook the parking lot.  Great service and friendly staff for sure...we will be going back!
5	The pizza oven is heated to a toasty 900 degrees Fahrenheit so that a fresh-made pizza only takes 90 seconds to come out perfect. I could see the pizza chefs watching over our pizzas, like expectant pizza fathers, guiding and turning the tasty circles until they were ready to complete their journey to our table.You can imagine what happened to them once they got there.Yum.The service was friendly and the restaurant is inviting. Awesome Neapolitan pizza baked in 90 seconds?!?! Life. Is. Good.
5	If you are dreaming of Naples but only have a few minutes to spare, stop by Novata to sample their delicious pizza or other Italian treats.I ordered the Salisiccia, which had a nice balance of mushrooms, sausage and cheese. The crust was flavorful with just the right balance of crispy and chewy goodness. The kitchen offered a large selection of pizza choices so I could find the "one."The restaurant was neat and clean although somewhat lacking in ambiance. The staff was friendly and courteous and went out of their way to provide exemplary service, stopping by at least twice during the meal to ensure our satisfaction.If I am ever in the Middleton area again (I live in California), I'll be stopping by again. Five stars.
5	This was our very first time at Novanta, and didn't really know what to expect... We arrived at 10:59 AM on a Saturday morning... The sign said "Closed" but we decided to pull in to get a closer look... They opened at 11:00 and Nicole met me at the door with a bright smile, as she was flipping the sign to "Open"  And welcomed us in as their first customers of the Day.   The restaurant itself is very bright and clean and the food displayed in the cases and the fresh pizza ingredients all looked fresh and recently stocked.  The menus are very easy to read, and the choices, while simple, were still overwhelming as EVERYTHING looked and sounded Delicious.  The next person we met was Nick* who also welcomed us to Novanta introduced himself, and was extremely friendly, down to earth and very helpful.  We told him this was our first time at the Novanta, and he welcomed us, introduced us to the rest of the staff, and asked if we would like a personal run down of their menu items, and a walk through of their process...  We gladly accepted his offer, and were treated with a very detailed overview of the products, and the history behind the store and the fresh and house made as well as imported products, and ingredients they offer, Nick is someone who exudes passion for what he does.  That alone would have made this a fire star experience... But then we ordered and received our food... I ordered the Vegetariana pizza, and my wife ordered the Clasico Panini both featured their House Mozzarella and fresh local ingredients...  Before I could finish pulling up Yelp on my phone, and started to Check in, our food was being delivered to our table.  NOT FAST FOOD... Fresh Food Served Fast...  You can watch them build your pizza from scratch, by hand, and follow it into the  European Brick oven for a quick "Novanta" (90) Second bake in the 900 degree Wood Fired Oven.  The end result is a beautifully, slightly charred chewy crisp crust topped with a perfect blend of ingredients. The Panini selections can be viewed from the counter, many examples are assembled, and ready to be pressed into perfection in the Panini maker... Here too, you can see the selection of available ingredients, and watch them hand cut the fine meats to a thin perfection.  The Panini came with a side salad of mixed greens and their house olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. Both plates arrived hot, and fresh.  They were both visually pleasing to look at, and the portions were very well balanced. Both were excellent in flavor and textures.  The Panini golden crisp on the outside, with a perfect blend of flavors from the meat, cheese and tomato center.The pizza crust was perfection, a few charred (but not too charred) spots on the crust gave a true Neapolitan style pizza flavor... It was also one of the more tender wood fired crusts that I have experienced... Very light, and soft, yet crisp and charred.  The perfect blend of flavors and crushed tomatoes (which they do right in the store) It was heaven on a plate!  :)  If you go, bring a friend... Each order something different and share it... You wont regret it... and it will help you to get through the menu a little faster the next time around... Cause you will be back!  * We found out later that Nick was one of the owners of the establishment.  His pride, and passion for what he does, really shines through, not only in the food he serves, but also in the staff and atmosphere of the store as well.
4	Pizza is always good, but don't confuse Novanta for your standard, doughy, greasy pie. The light, crispy crust has a delicious, unique flavor from its quick spin in the oven, and the dinner plate sized, individual pizzas are generous (both my husband and I had leftovers). We tried the diavolo and the caserta, and I'd order both again. We also tried out the focaccia, and were offered a choice between olive oil/balsamic or marinara for dipping. We selected the olive oil mix, but if we ordered it again (which is unlikely now that we know how filling the pizzas are), I'd select the marinara as I think it could use the extra punch of flavor as the focaccia is essentially just a seasoned round of the regular pizza dough. The staff was very friendly and helpful in orienting us newcomers. While traffic was steady on the Saturday night we were there, it was never too noisy or crowded to be enjoyable. I'm hoping this place sticks around for the long haul- it was convenient, delicious, and well priced!
5	Downright delicious. Creative, affordable and adventurous! Try it. You will not be disappointed.
5	Great place for kids. Laid back atmosphere which we loved, yet still hip and cool. Food was delicious! I felt like I was in Europe when we tasted the food. We ordered 4 pizzas all yummy (no we are not total pigs, the pizzas are individual sizes) , and we also had delicious arugula and prosciutto salad; which was heavenly. What i liked is that their menu is big enough to keep you coming back to try different things.
4	The pizzas are made to order with fresh ingredients. Their 900 degree oven makes the pizzas in 90 seconds - hence their name.   The atmosphere is laid back and we witnessed many people picking up their pizzas to go. Now the food: The crust is thin and light and easy to cut. My partner ordered from the Pizze Bianche menu and got the Toscano pizza made with house mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, roasted peppers, roasted onions, garlic, and basil. I ordered from the Pizze Rosse menu and got the Caserta pizza made with salame, roasted peppers, roasted onion and oregano. Both were popping with flavor and did resemble the pizza in Italy. Since the pizza is thin, you don't get a stomach ache after finishing off the entire personal pizza.I think the next time we will try their mozzarella bar or paninis! And don't forget the Vino!!
4	I have gone here twice.  The first time I accidentally ordered the pizza instead of the Cheese platter. (too long of a story to explain) They were both tasty!  Your pizza is ready within 2 minutes after you've ordered and paid.  It was fresh and tasty and everything is very fresh.  Fresh mozzarella from WI is what I tried instead of the imported smoked- I try to suppose local everywhere I go.  The only drawback, the parking spot you're vying for with everyone else at the strip mall.
3	I like it but I am not quite over the moon yet.Been in a couple of times.  Here's some highlights:Clean, fast, polite and tasty!  Food is very good, you can watch them putting your order together and put into the super duper hotty oven for 90 seconds.  The price on these smaller pizza's though is a bit off putting when one person can eat a whole pizza themselves.  You nearly need to order a pizza per person based upon what other food you are serving.I stayed recently and ate in the back dining room.  The staff was courteous, checked in on us, even though its not a "real" sit down restaurant.  It was quite busy through dinner time which is always good.I'll be back but not when I'm really hungry.
4	This place is super solid. Awesome Neapolitan style pizza, paninis, salads, appetizers and desserts. Nice and cheap too. It's in my neighborhood. Go eat there, so it stays in business and I can eat there too!
5	I visited this restaurant with my boyfriend today for the first time and we loved everything we had, we are definitely coming back again! The lady at the counter was very nice and also the guys at the back. We ordered the Regina pizza and it was the perfect size for two people (if you are planning to order more food), the crust crunchy and gooey at the same time and such quality ingredients and the wonderful part is that you can taste all of them but in a beautiful light way, I enjoyed every single bite. We also had the Gorgonzola salad which had a great combo of tangy, salty and sweet flavors, it paired perfectly with our pizza. And at the end of our meal we had to have their chocolate truffle with a hazelnut filling, very nice. To be honest, I enjoyed their food so much that I felt spoiled :)
5	We stopped in for lunch today and really enjoyed it. As stated by others, the place is sort of small and can be a bit dark near the back, the decor is minimal but it has a nice clean look. We were greeted immediately upon entering and the service was great. I had the Caserta pizza, my daughter had the Margherita, and my mother had the Vegetariana. The pizzas were out to the table quickly and tasted great. The sauce is fresh, the mozzarella is outstanding.  The fresh ingredients really stand out, this is not your typical greasy chain pizza. The prices are very reasonable for what you get. We also ordered a Nutella pizza to go, trust me, you need one of these. We will be back again soon.
5	Great Pizza and salads. Fresh, fast and reasonably priced! Nice carafes of wine available. We enjoy sitting outside in the warmer months at one of their umbrella tables. The staff is always very friendly.
5	One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten in my life. The atmosphere was so quaint and fun that it made our time there even more special. We went right around 11am and there's wasn't a huge crowd and our pizza and panini came out very quickly. The pizza itself was so delish! Soft AND crispy crust, the toppings melted together beautifully and the sauce was finger lickin good! If you're in the Middleton area GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!
5	Great pizza, very unique menu. Service was good even with a restaurant full of people. They could maybe use a little more help clearing off tables during the lunch rush, but that's a minor quibble. Definitely recommend!
5	I'm completely, 100 percent addicted to this place. Fresh, light, authentic, hot pizza. Love that I can build my own and eat my own personal pizza. Love the water station and the atmosphere, including the music! You have to know what you want tho because it's an order first, then sit place. Go. Now. You'll thank me.
4	Came here with my coworkers and I'm really glad I did.Love their pizzas they are absolutely to die for, the bruschetta was ok. The cannoli was great.Only complaint was that the pizza was too thin for my liking but other then that it was stellar!!
4	As soon as we entered into Novanta and went up to the counter we were greeted with smiles, the staff was very friendly and attentive. The pizza chef was answering questions of another patron while we were ordering, it was interesting to hear about the process of making pizza. I have to say that the pizza was good, I had the Salsiccia with sausage crumbles and mushrooms and the Diavola with spicy salami. My favorite of the two was the Salsiccia. I found the Diavola to be a tad under seasoned but when I dusted the surface with some parmesan it brought the desired level of saltiness to the pizza. I also found that the spicy salami did not bring the spiciness I wanted from the pizza. The Salsiccia was perfectly done and had  great flavor. The next day I ate the Salsiccia as leftovers heated up in the oven and it was fantastic. I look forward to coming back and trying a Panini or a salad, perhaps a white pizza. Also the pizza is done fast so no wait for Saturday lunch at 11 am.
4	Totally on point with good wood fired pizza!  I wish they had more of a bar selection, but of what they have....it's good.  I also love the water station.
5	Just got done with lunch. This is the real deal if you are looking for a nice Italian pizza. They use San Marzano tomatoes for their red sauce, which is the only way to go. Their crust has just a hint of salt and is crunchy and chewy all at the same time, simply amazing. The mozzarella was definitely fresh but didn't leave big puddle of water , meaning they probably pressed excess water out ( again the only way to go unless you like puddles in your pizza). Finally I ordered a cannoli that was just as amazing! This is a great place for lunch or diner. Don't worry the food comes out very quickly from their awesome oven!
5	Best pizza and pasta in middleton west side of Madison extremely great service everytime the pizza or past is made of  great fresh ingredients convenient reasonable fresh good food good service prompt there is nothing better than novanta take out alcohol and good love ur shit
5	We've been here twice now and both times their food is outstanding. The first time we went our pizza order seemed to be taking a little longer than those around us. When they realized they lost the pizza ticket, the owner came straight to our table to apologize. The salad was delicious and when the pizzas came, they told us our next pizzas were on the house. Fresh and delicious food!
5	I came here with some girlfriends and I'm very pleased that we chose Novanta. I have since been back with my husband and young son. The pizzas are great! I have sampled several of the pizzas, a couple of the mozzarella bar selections and the cannoli. The pizza and mozzarella bar items have all been outstanding! Each. And. Every. One. Seriously good stuff!!!I didn't like the cannolis but I have to preface that with the fact that I have never really enjoyed cannolis. However, my friends who are cannoli fanatics deemed Novanta's cannolis delicious. Parking during busy times (especially lunch) can be a bit of a pain but the pizza and mozzarella bar (and I suppose the cannolis if you are into that kind of thing lol) are totally worth driving around and stalking people for their spot as they leave!
5	Trying something new. Was worth the trip and investigation.  They add a new twist to things.  They cook the pizza at 900 degrees for about 90 seconds--hence their name.  Just maybe my new fav.
5	My favorite pizza anywhere in the world, Italy included. No BS. For example, water cups and lemon out so there's no having to ask. Counter order and pay then wait for it at your table so no waiter overhead. The mozzarella bar is also excellent.
4	Stopped by for a tasty pizza and was not disappointed!! These folks do a good job. The food is tasty and the customer service is excellent... shout out to the cashier lady :).This is what we got:Regina: pizza with red tomato sauce, basil, and I switched the buffalo to smoke buffalo cheese. This pizza was really good with the smokiness of cheese adding an excellent touch.Salsicca: pizza with red tomato sauce, Italian sausage, mushrooms, garlic, basil and mozzarella.Brushetta: tomato and herb mixture served with bread. We weren't a fan of this one. I make this at home and die for it but this recipe was not our favorite. The bread has excellent flavor though.Tiramisu: To my dismay this, like the brushetta, was not very good. The flavor was alright but it was actually watery tasting/texture. A bit unexpected compared to what we were expecting from ones we've eaten in the past.So although the food wasn't perfect, the pizzas really were very delicious. We highly recommend everyone to try them out. Not only are they pleasant folks but their passion for their food shows. Can't wait to grab another slice and try another dessert.
5	The pizza here is great!  Seriously the best.  I know there is something special about the temperature of their oven and how their methods are only shared with a few other restaurants in the world but all I really care about is the end product!  This place has great pizza and because they cook it so quickly you can order and pick up usually within ten minutes.  I usually get the margherita pizza and have always been pleased.  The service here is also really great!  The cashiers are always smiling, polite, and add to the experience!
4	Novanta is basically Pizza Brutta on the West side of town instead of Monroe, and that's a good thing! They both serve Neapolitan style pizzas and salads, and they're both very good. Basically, read my review on Pizza Brutta, and you'll have my thoughts on Novanta. But note a couple differences:- The prices at Novanta are a little cheaper (About $2 a pizza)- Pizza Brutta has a couple more pizza varieties to choose from- Pizza Brutta has more of a local ingredient emphasis, but that isn't to say that they both don't use high quality ingredients. Brutta just brands that more as part of their image, and i'm a sucker for that sort of thing.But yeah, it's a good spot, and it definitely beats out the other options in this mall (Chipotle, Chin's)
5	I visited Novanta on 11/29 for dinner.  I can safely say this was my best experience dining out since moving to Madison 6 years ago.  I can not say enough positive things about this place.  Greeted by Emma who was extremely friendly and very cheerful.  She asked if I had even been there and since I had not she gave some recommendations.  Food was excellent and the atmosphere was great.  I will definitely be returning.
5	I stopped in on a recommendation from a friend on my way home to La Crosse on a Sunday afternoon.  I walked in and the gal behind the counter (wish i would have got her name) was extremely welcoming.  I told her a friend recommended it and I had never been here before.  She was super nice and walked me through the menu.  She suggest the most sold pizza was the Salsiccia pizza.  I ordered it and added kalamata olives.  She also suggested cannoli which i love so I picked up three of them. She asked me my name from the get go and called me by it every time she spoke to me while I waited.  (nice touch)  Often when you go to a place on a Sunday mid afternoon you can tell the employees don't wanna be there but not here.  She was genuinely concerned that I was happy.  I was sold on the place and  hadn't taken a bite of food yet lol.I got my food and got on my way home.  I started to eat the pizza and WOW.  What an explosion of flavor.  I loved every bite.  the fresh sauce was killer.  Then i ate the cannoli and it as good as my friends mother used to make and she was from Sicily.   I stopped to try it out and was sold just on the service.   That with the quality of food will make this a stop every time i am in town and will bring people with to introduce them to this little hidden gem.  Cannot wait to try everything on the menu.
3	Good, fast, but not cheap. I thought the idea was fun, food was really tasty. The cheese bar was "ehh".
5	Swung bye with some friends for lunch and decided to up the rating to 5 stars. I love the simple regina pizza with smoked buffalo mozzarella.  The burst of tangy tomatoes combined with smoky cheese is a definate comfort food. On this occasion I sampled their house made mozzerella cheese plate with all the meat choices. Spicy salami and prosciutto are the winners for me. Also their mozzerella is the best I have had and look forward to having its salty goodness again.I also tried the connoli, but like their tiramisu I am not of fan of the current dessert recipes and hope they improve them to same standard as their pizzas.Thanks Novanata for the delicious meal.
4	If I had to choose one place in Madison to eat at this very minute, it would be Novanta.  This, however, is a rather new revelation.  My first visit to Novanta was over a year ago. I had a Capri Panini with mozzarella, basil, and cherry tomatoes. My recollection is that it was just okay. The ingredients were good, but the bread was a bit too crunchy for my liking.  The ambiance was nice, the staff friendly, but I wasn't uber impressed with the food.Fast forward a few months. My husband and I needed a quick dinner, and we stopped at Novanta where I had a Margherita pizza. (Are you noticing that I have thing for mozzarella + tomatoes + basil?!)  Again, I recall it being decent, but nothing that I HAD to have again.My true love for Novanta was realized after I decided to step outside of my little tomato and mozzarella box and try something different. I opted for the Toscano, which is a white pizza with mozzarella, tomatoes, basil (I know, I know...) AND roasted peppers, onions, and garlic. Seriously...it was like the heavens opened up and angels sang. I'm not even kidding. The Toscano might be the perfect pizza.  Aside from the fact that it tastes incredible, it's so stinkin' pretty! It looks like a rainbow! Who doesn't want to eat a rainbow that was created totally free of artificial coloring!?  I know I do.  The ingredients are fresh. The cheese is perfect. The crust is just the right amount of crispy. I've not eaten the Toscano like...five times, and I'm never disappointed. I would eat this pizza every day of the week and twice on Sunday. See...I like it so much that now I'm quoting my 85 year old grandfather.On one visit, the hostess suggested we try the Nutella Pizza.  If you don't like Nutella, don't eat this. If you do like, Nutella, it's amazing. I was not expecting much. I've had my fair share of underwhelming dessert pizzas, but this one was so well done. Again - the crust was the perfect level of crispy, the nutella was melty and yummy, and it was topped with cocoa and powdered sugar.  I have contemplated going to Novanta JUST for the Nutella pizza...I still may.Finally, I cannot say enough good things about the staff.  Every time we have been there (both dining in and taking out) the employees have been chatty, friendly, and helpful. A man, who I assume to be the manager or owner, is always visiting and talking with the customers in a welcoming, casual way.  When we brought my 3.5 year old son, who can be a bit rowdy and/or crabby, the hostess stopped over numerous times to chat with him and keep him happy and distracted. She went above and beyond in her interactions with us. Sometimes servers are overbearing with their constant inquiries and requests, but this is not the case. I feel like everyone who works at Novanta truly enjoys their job. If you are on the West Side and want a fairly quick and delicious meal, definitely check out Novanta...and let me know so I can stop by for a Toscano.
