4	This was completely upgraded 3 years ago & it's superior to most Hampton's.  Besides the usual free internet & free parking & free breakfast & complimentary use of the business center with printer, I had a nice room with 2 tv's & a jacuzzi bathtub.  Everything's granite & modern.  They also have a 24 hour shuttle to the airport which is cool.  So for $65 including tax, it was a steal & a deal.
3	Stayed here for a couple nights while we were in town for a concert. This was part of package deal that we got so I'm not sure what the price would have been for the room, but it was a large suite. The beds were comfortable so that is always a plus. Nothing worse than not getting a decent night's sleep while out on the road. The free WiFi is always nice and it's rather annoying when the hotels try and charge you for Internet usage. That's so 10 years ago, but there are still some out there who do it. The free breakfast was nice and helped to keep the cost of the trip down, my only gripe was that the waffle machine destroyed your waffle, no matter how much non stick spray you applied to it. My other gripe is the AC unit in our room. I'm not exactly sure what was wrong with it, but every time ti kicked on it woke both of us up, which is not exactly something you want when you are only getting about 5 hours of sleep. Overall, this place was pretty good. Close to the airport and freeway, lots of free amenities make this place A-ok in my book.
3	Free breakfast with lots of options- checkNice outdoor pool- checkComfy beds- checkVery friendly staff- checkFree wifi- checkFree parking- check (although a bit on the shady side, complete with a used condom in the parking spot next to us) Loud AC unit- super checkSmallest pool towels known to man- checkAll in all, I would stay here again. I asked about the AC noise and the front desk said they would get right on it, so I doubt it's a constant issue. So sorry for Josh's waffle disaster, but my breakfast was pretty good. The hotel is very clean and easy to get to (even with the insane construction around).
4	I stayed here for one night when I got married for the first time as we had our reception in their reception room. The amenities were standard and altogether pretty good for the price:  wifi, business center, fitness center, heated pool, jacuzzi, breakfast.Our room came with a jacuzzi and they made sure we had flowers, chocolates, and cider. I love those beds, wow I need to head to the mattress store right now and pick up a new mattress and some massive thread count sheets stat! The towels are pretty small but I just used two and I was fine, considering I am only 125 pounds. The jacuzzi was nice and my only complaint is there really isn't anything immediately nearby to grab a bite to eat at. There is no room service offered so unless you are satisfied with vending machine snacks, the nearest gas station is a quarter of a mile away. The breakfast in the morning was pretty decent. The interior has been updated and the staff was very accommodating.
4	This hotel provides good value for the price and is well located for PHX travelers.  The rooms are very spacious and quiet, the breakfast buffet is above average and the front desk employs experienced managers instead of interns.  Parking spaces are plentiful and free.  All rooms have refrigerators and free wifi. The only downsides are the cheapo plastic curtains in the bathroom and slow elevator.  Also no decent restaurants nearby, though you can stock up on snacks at the gas station convenience store down the street.  The 4* is based on price and quality for a Hampton property, you can't compare to a Westin or Marriott resort.
5	This place is very nice.  The staff is very friendly.  Free breakfast and cookies at night, what more can you ask for?
1	BEWARE!!  Don't park your car here while traveling.We returned from 10 trip. Loaded car and started engine. Loud exhaust noise. Car catalyst vandalized (cut out) in parking lot that supposedly has security. The only security person we saw was on the day we returned and he was hanging out in the lobby. Hotel staff and bus driver said this has happened numerous times. General manager provided me with their insurance info as a way to get me out of the lobby knowing that their insurance company was not going to cover vandalism damage to our car. $2200.00 later, car is fixed. Situation was handled very poorly by Hampton Inn management.
3	This is a decent airport hotel.  The only problem is a very limited selection of restaurants nearby and within walking distance. Standard Hampton room with comfortable bedding, large flat screen tv, and free wi-fi if you have status with them.  The wi-fi is dog slow though.  I tethered to my phone and this area is 4G so great speed doing that vs. using the wireless at the hotel.No afternoon receptions at this Hampton and standard fare in the morning for breakfast.Employees are polite but slow.  Check in takes forever.  And if you're a Diamond, chances are they'll forget to give you your "treat & drink".Average.
5	Very clean, comfortable, and employs friendly and helpful people at the front desk. Their shuttle service from and to the airport was prompt.
2	Place is decent.  I advise not staying here right now since they are renovating and have noisy construction going on in the buildings lobby. My shower looks dirty.... Maybe I stayed here at a bad time. One good thing is its that it's close to the airport.
1	Really great staff - friendly and professional. But the facility is beat. Rugs stained, wanted to wear flip flops in my room. Towels scratchy. They need to raze it and start over.
5	Hubs and I stayed here for the night before flying out of PHX. It's a comfortable hotel very close to the airport. We didn't take advantage of the park & fly option but we might do it next time. Hotel was full when we stayed. Breakfast was good in the morning. Staff was friendly and helpful. We had a good night's sleep even though our room faced 44th street. I'd definitely stay here again next time I'm flying out of PHX.
