2	Well, it's convenient to I-85.  And they have an airport shuttle.  But that's about all I can say that's positive here.The breakfast was about the same as every other Days Inn breakfast (cereal and pastries), but they didn't have the newspaper.They had menus for some local delivery places, but when we called, they didn't deliver there!The staff had no interest in talking to the parents of children who were running through the halls and slamming doors at midnight.A bright spot was when the wifi went out, I asked at the front desk for them to restart the router, and they actually did.Because the hotel is right near the airport, it is under the flight path and it can get noisy during peak times as planes come and go.It's not super-convenient to I-77, it's about 6 miles down the road, but it's not too bad if you're taking that route.The housekeeping service was apparently very slow as we left quite early one morning and returned in the late afternoon and our room still hadn't been cleaned!  Also, we had brought our own brand new soap and we figured we could leave it out because it was so different from the hotel soap...but it was gone after the housekeeping people had been through.We would not stay at this Days Inn again, it was too much money for mediocre service.
1	USAir put me here because of a mis-connection.  I should have just stayed another hotel and paid out of pocket.   The hotel was dirty and noisy.  I slept with the lights on and on top of the covers.
5	Thought it was a pretty good Days Inn when I stayed there.  It wasn't all that fancy obv, but felt quite comfortable and my room was clean and quiet.  If you are near the airport and looking for something affordabe, this is the place for you!
3	Its affordable and within an easy stretch to Gettysburg, but dont rely on finding places to eat after 10PM in the area unless you want McDonalds or beer snack across the street. Its a typical Days Inn and the room was clean. The breakfast is laughable...I think you'd be best packing a granola bar and a tea bag. Its probably the worse "free breakfast" since the Depression era. You get what you pay for folks and it was very inexpensive for the bed, shower and air conditioner.
1	US airways put me there at a "discounted rate" and it was a hotel like something out of psycho movies. the room was gross and the shower was disgusting. worst hotel I've stayed at in years. If I could, I would give them half a star.
