4	always good quick food
1	Never have we felt more unwanted at a restaurant. We walk in on christmas eve at 6.10 sharp when they close at 7. No greeting, well heck... Then there are only 4 dishes left which were what you would call left-overs. And he explains awkwardly that they're almost closing, hence no more cooking. Uh? What? I mean i'd understand if we walked in 10 min before closing but not 50 minutes, especially at a fast food joint. It gets even better, my wife later told me that while I was ordering, the clerk that was sweeping rolled his eyes at her. And since there was not enough orange chicken they had to make more so my wife had to wait. Which was fine, but when I got my food and sat down more people walked in and the clerk and the cashier looked at each other irritated. It was so unprofessional. And as these people were ordering, more people came and. And of course as the only thing that they had was orange chicken they ordered that. So the new batch got served to the people that just walked in while my wife was still waiting. My wife saw that they were serving the chicken so she got up to see why she's not getting hers, the clerk said 'oh sorry, I forgot. Don't worry' he said as he pointed to another waiting customer and said 'he is waiting too'. Didn't we come in first in order and pay first? So as my wife went up to ask they gave her a small plate of about five or six small leftover pieces, and asked her to wait for the next batch. And what do you mean 'don't worry', did she do anything wrong here? After 10 minutes they gave her the, literally, 'rest' of her chicken, in the smallest to-go box they could find. If I knew that a-holes like these two were working, I would've driven as far as I needed to, to another location.  Simply WOW! Forget about this place.
4	I always come at this place at around 4-6 pm and the workers are really polite and friendly! But once i came in at like 8:50 something like that, the old lady (i never usually see her there, probs night shift) who was working basically kicked me out of the store lol. She said they're closed, but the doors were open(??) Im pretty sure they dont close until 9 or even maybe 10.
4	Quick, cheap, and always fresh ( at least when I go) I always try to go after 1pm as it has slowed down from the lunch rush. The food is still fresh and the staff are always friendly. I have even gotten the kids meal with a large ice tea and believe it or not, that fills me up as well plus its a little cheaper. All in all, its Panda Express. I mean what more can you ask for? Quick, cheap, done.
4	Food is good though wish the place would little bit more clean so we don't have to take out always.i like panda express and go there 3 or 4 times a month.but today I am disappointed because the lady gave me little amount of honey walnut shrimp than usual.:(
