1	Avoid Marcel Painting at all costs. We hired them to paint the interior of our house and kitchen cabinets. They failed to tape off the windows, fixtures and parts of the carpet. We now have over-spray everywhere that we have to clean up. The fixtures were ruined and had to be replaced. The kitchen cabinets were not properly cleaned and sanded. They are full of bumps and runs. I would not hire them to paint a dog house.
3	I posted a negative review earlier. I would like everyone to know that Marcel Painting sent a foreman to my house to correct the problems. I appreciate the extra  effort to make me a happy customer.Andy
1	We had our house painted in March of 2012 by Marcel painting. Our house is historic and wood, with layers of old paint on it. We knew it wasn't an easy job, which is why we hired someone to do it for us. We were assured that any loose paint that could be scraped off, would be. When I saw the house after it had been "prepped" for painting, I was pretty surprised by the amount of old paint that remained. It looked like they had scraped for a couple hours, then just got fed up and slapped on some primer or spackle over the old paint. Being that I'm not the professional, I didn't question it. There was also the 3 year warranty that was offered, so I figured if the paint didn't hold up, we'd just have them come back out. Well, a year later, some areas of paint on the north and south sides of our house are peeling and bubbling up. This is because old paint was just painted over. I emailed Marcel Painting to ask them to come out and fix the areas. After 2 or 3 weeks of ME following up with THEM, they finally had the tech contact me. We scheduled for him to come by (we wanted to be there to show him the areas so he understood). Needless to say, today is the 4th time we scheduled to have him come (he has no-called, no-showed THREE times before this!), and he still has not called or shown up. My husband texted him twice yesterday to verify he was coming (since it's his MO not to show up!) and he never answered. Absolutely incredible that a business is run this way, and that it is acceptable to have this kind of "customer service". When my husband did talk to the tech one of the times before he was supposed to show up, he told the tech what paint color and finish we had on the house so that he could buy some new paint (eggshell finish). The tech then said that "eggshell" finish is only for interiors, so that couldn't be what we have on the house. Eggshell is just a finish, it only matters whether you choose interior or exterior paint. And if that actually was true (it's not), why wouldn't the "experts" have advised us of that when we chose the paint?It's obvious that the tech may need some additional training with technique and processes of painting. He also did stop by one day while we weren't here, and peeled a 12 inch section of paint from the side of our house so he could match it. At this point, I'm pretty convinced that we'll be making the repairs ourselves. Nice warranty!
1	At first look this is a great company. We recently purchased a house from smokers so we had to have the ENTIRE interior of a 2700 sq. ft. house repainted (closets, ceilings, EVERYTHING). David came out to give a quote and was very nice and professional. Explained everything to us. Stated they were going to roll the walls instead of spray so that in the future if we have to touch them up you can't see the brushstrokes! We had never considered this and were impressed that the information was offered and explained as we had assumed spraying which would be MUCH faster and easier of a project of this size. Day 1: the 2 painters clogged and flooded the hall bathroom toilet so there was sewer water UNDER the plastic taped to protect the floor from paint. No apologies from either of them. Fast forward a week when the painting is done. Walls were painted incorrect colors, the rope lighting on a ledge near the ceiling was not put back, light fixtures were still taped over, tape was still on the edge of carpet and ceilings and windows. When we called the head painter Richard, he came back corrected the paint colors and rope lighting without grumble but was supposed to remove all the tape and uncover fixtures but didn't. We STILL were unable to get in touch with David. They also sprayed the walls and when contacted we David he never got back to us and even Richard said he couldn't get a hold of him. Not only did they spray but when we went to get the leftover paint cans to touch up some dings from moving in and installing granite they were full of WATER that they used to clean out the sprayer. So in essence we have NO extra paint in ANY of the 4 colors we used. They were also supposed to paint the ceiling in a flat paint so that there would be no glare and visible spray lines...guess what!? Its NOT flat paint and glares and spray lines are VERY visible.There are many paint smudges on windows that we had to clean off and were hanging a clock the other day and saw a dirty hand print from one of them where they must have braced themselves on the wall when climbing a ladder.  2 weeks later we are still trying to get in touch with them and just opened another can of supposedly "extra" paint and found it full of trash. NASTY. I would NEVER recommend them to ANYONE and we should have gone with another company. Saving $500 has NOT been worth the headache to not even get a call back from David. Richard the head painter did always followed up with us and respond to calls but the details of trash disposal and tape removal were seriously lacking.
5	Great company.  I have 3 single family rental properties that needed to be painted.  I called Marcel based upon 2 referrals I had gotten from friends who had worked with various companies and determined that Marcel did the best job.  Everyone I encountered throughout my experience with Marcel was friendly, focused on the customer, and was able to answer all of my questions.  The quality of their work is excellent.  I have had many years of experience dealing with all kinds of painters due to being a landlord and I can honestly say that the quality of the work is hands down the best I have seen.  I am currently getting ready to paint a large commercial apartment complex and the bid I received from Marcel was very reasonable.  I always like to keep my options open, but Marcel painters will be hard to beat.
3	We recently repainted the entire exterior of our home.  During the planning phase, a representative from Marcel Painting dropped by to discuss the project with us.  He showed up right on time for the appointment, evaluated the property, captured our contact info, and told us he would deliver a written estimate within 24 hours.  That never happened.  We never heard from him again.  They followed up a few months later in response to my negative review and provided evidence that they did make an attempt to send the estimate the same night as the original appointment.  Although the follow-up was a bit late, I do appreciate the fact that they are concerned about delivering a positive customer service.
5	Marcel provided the most competitive quote for repainting the interior of our house. They did an excellent job with the painting, the guys who did the work were professional, and they cleaned up nicely after working each day. The owner of the company, Kelly, came out to check after the work was completed. Great job!
4	UPDATE: Kelly from Marcel painting worked diligently to get the peeling paint fixed on our house, and also extended our warranty for another two years. He has quality control person named Dean who came out to fix the issues. Dean was not only pleasant and prompt, but did the job right. I appreciate this kind of customer service and making sure the work is done correctly.
