1	This place is a standard salad bar, similar to Sweet Tomatoes if you can compare it to that. I ate here one evening because at the time there were no Sweet Tomatoes in Mesa or Gilbert and I was really needing my salad fix!First thing I noticed was how filthy the salad bar was. It was seriously a mess...goopy salad dressing smeared all over, lettuce everywhere, vegetables that looked like they hadn't been wiped off the counter for hours. It was just gross to see that type of a mess in a buffet line. The place was packed for a weeknight so I figured it was going to taste pretty good, or as good as salad buffet can be. The selection was mediocre at best, without too many options for salad toppings, and worst of all- the lettuce had seen its share of better days. It was wilted and browned. Plus if I remember correctly, there was an overabundance of iceberg lettuce and virtually no romaine and no spinach. The soup was equally as disappointing. One of the soups was so salty it almost seemed like it was a mistake, like they accidentally doubled the sodium in the recipe. Ugh. I tried the other soups thinking they'd be better but all of them tasted like they came from a mix, or something out of a can. There was no distinct flavor to anything. I left thinking, is this it? Even so, I returned a second time to see if maybe it was just an off-day, plus I needed another salad fix. Well, same story, different day- dirty restaurant, and questionable food.
4	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =I just read Julie W's 1-Star review of this Souper Salad & felt that it needed a little rewording to express my impression of it today :This place is an above-par salad bar restaurant, something like Sweet Tomatoes but with better recipes.  I ate here today at lunchtime, driving 27 miles to get to it, because every store in this chain has consistently very good food & service every time I go, & I was really needing my salad fix!!The first thing I noticed was how clean the salad bar was.  It was sparkling clean... with lots of salad dressing, lettuce, & vegetables around, but only in the serving containers, right where they belonged!  It was just great to see all that fresh, delicious looking food waiting there in the buffet line.The place was packed for a weekday, so I figured it was going to taste pretty good, possibly as good as a salad buffet can be.  The selection was terrific, & they were at their best, with many options for salad toppings, & best of all, the lettuce looked as if it had just been picked.  There was Iceberg Lettuce, plus plenty of both Romaine Lettuce, & spinach.The soup was equally terrific!  One of the soups (Seafood Bisque) was so delicious it almost seemed as if, by mistake, they had accidentally doubled the amount of clams, shrimp, & cream in it. Wow!  I didn't have room to try the other soups, thinking they'd also be terrific, but I didn't have room this time.  Whenever I DO have them, they taste as if they came from a world-class chef, or something out of Heaven.  There is a wonderful distinct flavor to every soup I have ever had here.  I left thinking, is this it?  ...The very best Souper Salad in the Valley?  I can't wait to return a second time to see if maybe it was just an extra-fantastic day here, the next time I need another salad fix.  I suspect it will be the same story:  Different day, clean restaurant, and great food!Lunch & Dinner Buffet, 7 Days:  $6.99/$5.99 Sr.
4	once again Rand H. talked me into one of the rabbit food buffet's to start with i skipped right by all the lettuce salads and found some sausage and red bean soup and it was really good. I then ventured back up to the rabbit food. I chose to try the pasta salads (3 of them)and they were all good I also had two different potato salads that were also very tasty.As far as meat goes the choices are limited but they have a big pan of taco meat (browned hamburger)and all the taco fixings.I also had the vegetable lasagna it was alright. Then it was on to the sweets,always my favorite part of a meal. They have some cubed angel food cake which I put into a bowl and then added vanilla pudding and strawberries topped with whipped cream( yum) it was so good i went back and made another one,Then i had some soft serve ice cream with chocolate syrup,the soft serve was watery and not to good but it was the only thing i had that was below par.
1	Like a poor mans version of Sweet Tomatoes. Less choices and less flavor. It's pretty disappointing. Spend the extra couple bucks and drive down the street to a better salad bar, or go to a real restaurant
3	It's no sweet tomato. But the food is good and the prices aren't bad.
5	I'm a big SouperSalad fan, so I tend to be picky about going to new locations. The location in Phoenix was my favorite for a long time. I used to go to the Mesa Grand location, but only because of it's convenient location. Once I started coming to this location, I fell in love. My family loves to come here, I even bring the out-of-towners here regularly. Everything is always fresh and delicious. Even the thin crust, plain pizza is super yum. Their only downfall is not having my favorite Baked Potato Soup on hand everytime I'm there. Other than that, I love going there. I take my 2yr old all the time. I usually serve her veggies (broccoli, peas), fruit (melon, grapes, oranges), a few vanilla wafers, a slice of pizza, and 3-4 chips with nacho cheese. She loves having options and she always eats a little bit of each. I'm not sure what to call them...waiters...no...busboys...no....hosts, maybe. Well, the hosts that come around refilling your drinks are great. They even have a self-serve beverage station and they still come around if you're needing a fill. Since this is one left in Mesa, it has become ridiculously popular. My recommendation: come for early lunches, and early dinners. Don't ever come between 12-1pm, or 5-6pm and you'll have a great experience.
3	Food was good as usual , love the pumpkin bread.waiter service was great very nice and helpfulThe Booths in total disrepair im sure original from the last 15 yrs and need new ones.
4	They replaced the worn out booths
5	I live in Chandler and they closed down my local Souper Salad.  I was sooo incredibly sad as this was one of the weekly places I visited!!  The closet thing we have is a Sweet Tomatoes... I popped in once in hopes that it would be somewhat similar.  Never going back again. :(  Fortunately, I discovered the Souper Salad Superstition location which is near my friends home.  I will definitely be frequenting this place!  P.S.  Please come back to Chandler!
2	Those with the review that said they liked this place...have you been to Soup Plantation? Souper Salad...not so good! Soup Plantation - we absolutely love it! I would not go back to Souper Salad, unless someone begged me too. The broccoli cheese soup tasted like nacho cheese - yuck! Honestly, everything was just awful. I wished I had paid more for a nice salad at a nice restaurant.
3	The one in Chandler closed a couple of years ago.  But I saw this one and decided to try it.  Essentially the same setup and food selection as before.  Pretty good and I like it.  With the coupon I only paid $5.55 and that is a deal.
4	Went for an early lunch on a Monday. Everything was fresh, place is clean, bright and inviting. Employees were friendly. I'm new to the area and will probably be visiting at least once a week.
1	I'm going to write my review while I'm here so I remember everything. First, was overcharged. They had to refund me and charge correctly. But he was nice so it was all good. Salad: They need to take the time to actually cut the lettuce. It was in huge pieces. Not a huge selection of veggies. My salad dressing, which I thought was blue cheese was more like a ranch-like milk. Made my salad very bland. Soups: nothing looked good so I skipped itPotato: it was ok. I mean how do you screw up a baked potato? You do have to backtrack and get your toppings from the taco bar (which I skipped too)Random Mac and cheese was cold. It might have been ok if it was warm. My daughter's ice cream Sunday looked pretty icky too. Overall, not impressed. And won't be back.
2	If you're coming here expecting it to be like it used to you'll be slightly disappointed.  No more spicy or regular peanuts, no more real bacon bits,  no more spring mix,  watered down taco meat (too greasy),  watered down chili, no more Warm bread (just sitting out exposed to whatever little kids and other people might expose it to),  no more real butter on 'potato bar',  watered down cheese sauce (gross now!), soups aren't good any more and don't taste homemade like they used to... Seriously obvious they're cutting corners now.   Sweet Tomatoes or Sizzler for me from now on instead of here.Just found out why... It has a new franchise owner.
2	Food wasn't fresh, service was terrible, everything was dirty and gross. This place is worse every time we come in, used to love coming in here. $24 for salads and water is pretty steep too, I think we're done here.
4	Souper Salad offers less salad choices than Sweet Tomatoes, but it does make up for it by adding a make your own taco bar and cheaper price than Sweet Tomatoes.The quality is decent. In addition to the make your own salad station, there are a few premade salads, a few soups, pasta, garlic sticks, the aforementioned taco bar, sweet and regular potatoes, and cooked veggies (Spicy kernel corn when I was there). They also have muffins, brownies, and soft serve for desserts. Service was great. My server was prompt in refilling drinks and taking away plates, and was very friendly.Overall, I liked the convenience of the buffet, especially if you have limited time for lunch. I'd definitely eat here again if I were in the area.
5	This staff is outstanding, very polite and courteous.  It's hard to find good quality service people.  The cashier was busy but turned to me and apologized and said he would be right with me, which he did.  Layla my server was smiling the whole time, and checked on me with reasonable time in between, at times some servers are over attentive or non existent.  The place was busy but everything stayed stocked and was fresh.  My hats off to the management and staff for making this a pleasant visit for my first time, at this location.  Keep it up!
2	This location needs some serious overhauling. Buffet rehab perhaps. They had four soups, but only the Garden Vegetable was edible. Jalapeno and cornbread was just too weird and Onion soup was overflowing with Dill. The fourth soup was chicken something, but too creamy and not white meat. The ice cream is not ice cream, it is some fake form of the product and there are no toppings available. The mac and cheese is inedible and the grease is flowing atop the taco meat which will get your stomach churning instantly. Nacho cheese sauce and salads loaded with mayo do not help the cause. The cornbread is cold and the garlic sticks have no flavor. They have enough veggie and dressings to make a decent salad, but that is about all that is good and the price is reasonable at seven bucks. Chicken is extra money, which is nonsense, it is like an airline now at this buffet, everything ala carte. Head to the bigger chain which tries harder.
3	I give it three stars because of the service. I love the staff but am not in love with the food. I have frequented here but lately the food has been less than satisfactory.  The tortilla soup didn't taste as good as usual and the ice tea had a significant aftertaste that wasn't desired. I do repeat how much I love the service as the staff is always more than welcome.
3	We tried for lunch today and three stars is fitting. The salad bar offers above average variety and is well tended, but the soups were below average. I tried both the broccoli cheese and the vegetable beef and both had some strong off flavors. I didn't try the miscellaneous items at the end such as tacos, chili, and nachos because they were not particularly attractive and not worth the calories and saturated fat -- I came here to eat healthy!Souper salad is pricey in my book (I don't get the senior discount), upwards of $10 for the salad and a drink.  Don't go out of your way to eat here, but stop by if you're nearby and need a healthy option.
