3	No, I didn't come here as a patient.  I was touring the place for a volunteer position.  Sad to say, there is no doctor on site (only on call).  It is acute care and patients usually only stay for about 7-10 days average.  There is about 18 beds and 450 staff members in 6 wings.  No surgery done here.Side note: Parking is limited and does overflow.  Park on the street or across at the overflow lot.
1	Worst place ever...won't even give the patient what they need to clean there dentures. My friend was there for ten days...she checked herself out because she was so miserable there. They wouldn't even let us use a wheel chair  to go the 100 yards we had to walk to get out of there including a wrong turn. I wouldn't send anyone to that inhumane place.
1	Worst PLACE EVER to send someone or get sent from a hospital you care about!!!!  You might as well tell the person if they have to go, good luck on ever getting out. Better yet, getting out alive. Probably better if you die then go here.  Place is such a joke. Seems like everybody that works there could give a sh** if you live or die. Everybody from the wanna be nursing staff to the top stupervisor. Nurses never attend to you, ignore, RUDE AS HELL, care a less. I think they send people that can't make it as a real nurse or someone who thinks they are a nurse they go here.  If you don't want to work there or wanna HELP people like YOU SIGNED UP FOR then quit. It's people / scumbags like that, that work in places like this one where people are scared to go because they get mistreated just like in this dump. You would probably get more help from a crackhead then this place! I wouldn't send my worst enemy here.  And that says ALOT. I wish this place would shut down but, wish in one hand, sh** in the other and see which one fills up!!  This place get a BIG GIGANTIC "F".  I will use the word FAILURE rather then what I really want to write because I know this wouldn't make it to press.  If they want to send you here.......RUN, AND RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!!  ( THIS PLACE "ALMOST" ) if not did, kill my mom.
1	If I could give this NO STARS I would!   It is the worst place possible to send a patient here 3 weeks after Open Heart Surgery with NO doctor on staff only on call.   The nurses did their best, but I suffered greatly by having medical emergencies 4 out of 5 days.   Upon arriving here late at night, I was put in a room and never attended to for 45 minutes.  The stay was awful.  No choice of any food, you eat what they give you. Or,you don't eat at all.  NO DOCTOR came when I had these emergencies and had to be sent to another hospital.  Three blocks away, the ambulance charge was $1,000. Sent back here again and  had a very dangerous medical problem, sent to another hospital.   My  insurer doesn't use the "best" only the cheapest.   If you have someone you love or yourself, REFUSE TO GO HERE!   I was threatened by my insurer that if I did not go here my hospital bill which was over $500,000 would not be paid nor would I be reimbursed for nursing care at home.   To go here Three WEEKS after major surgery is just wrong!
1	place had no a/c they were suppose to send report to dr when I got there  never did I had to call doctor  they needed a nurse to wrap my let it was like pulling teeth went I get home will tell my ins how great the place is
1	This is an awful place! The dogs at the pound get better treatment. If you care about your family member DO NOT SEND THEM HERE!!! my grand mother went there after a bad fall where she hurt her knee. A doctor never even looked at her knee and they never did any physical therapy. They didn't even get her out of bed! They ended up giving medicane she was highly allergic to which was in her chart. This caused her kidneys to start failing and she ended up with C-diff in isolation. They just started hooking things up to the IV not even telling her what they were. One of which was a seditive they gave her everyday. Stoped her from asking questions. They even took the phone out of the room so we couldn't get a hold of her. It gets worse the cleaning people STOLE ALL HER BELONGINGS including her glasses that she can not see without! Now she is in intensive care in the hospital and hasn't been out of bed for 3 months and will proably never be able to recover. Horrible because she only hurt her knee and now she might die because they just don't care.
1	Very bad customer service at the front desk (mostly Hispanic lady with glasses)Will never come here again or even refer people for medical services
1	Absolutely horrible,  this place should be shut down and condemned! ! My grandma went in being able to walk 2 months later CDIF bed bound she was a healthy person just needed to get blood pressure under control and now she has to learn to walk again because of those so called nurses and so called doctors do not put your loved ones in there unless you want them treated like a dog locked in the beds toilet at bed side instead of lazy "rn" "cna" whatever they are I wish I could put one of their loved ones through what they did to my 66 year old grandma the whole staff was horrible disgusting place . Don't deserve any stars but I want everyone to know how bad this place was she is now home in much better care thank god
4	Much better than what we were expecting! Doctor checks on patients almost everyday. CNA'S promptly came to every call nicely and were helpful. Rooms were kept clean. Food was good, more variety & has an alternative if you wanted something different. Rooms were a bit outdated & small, but it was comforting to know they really do room checks every hour. However, 2 patients to a room can have its own downsides. You also may have to remind staff to turn them more often to prevent bed sores. PT & OT were good. This place was accommodating for our visiting hours before & after normal visiting hours.
