5	This is the first place for which I ever used a full publication of coupons. I am genuinely in love. My mainstay smoothie is the health but. It's not overly sweet and is rather smooth and creamy. I feel like there is actually a good amount of sustenance behind it. Today I went with the southwest chicken salad and it far surpassed my expections. Id take a picture but it's already gone! The island green is definitely delicious too. I have tried a few others and have enjoyed them all. The only problem I have is I wish they had different sizes of smoothie but I won't hold that against them. Despite a bit higher price than the average place I pop into for lunch TSC makes it worth it in quality and I am more than happy to write a five star review!
5	This place is great! Staff is super nice! Place is clean! Smoothies are not only awesome tasting but are healthy too!Don't forget they have food! I realized you can swap fake chicken in for the real thing and it tasted awesome! I will def be back!!
5	Great tasting smoothies friendly customer service and they are pretty good with not messing up orders. They messed mine up one time but if your looking for a good sized great tasting smoothie this place is at the top of my list.
2	Worst tropical smoothie experience ever. Their smoothies are always good, but today's service would shut a place down. The girls that work here are unfriendly, even borderline disrespectful. There were 9 people ahead of my order, so I expected to wait. The girls never once greeted anyone, or even said have a nice day. One customer asked for her receipt and the girl who was ringing up said "CAN YOU GIVE ME A MINUTE??" In a rude tone. I was irritated by it across the room. My smoothie came up and the cup had spilled smoothie all over it. I'll stick with my typical tropical smoothie and steer clear of here.
4	Smoothies are great. The food isn't the best but then again it's a smoothie joint not a food joint. They are quick in getting your order and getting it right. It's a little small on the inside so that turns me away sometimes when they seem busy. But overall love this place.
1	The only thing amazing about this place is the food and smoothies. I've been to the Goodyear location and Goodyear has amazing customer service. This one here on Peoria has horrible customer service. The employees here are so dull and look like they have no happy expressions whatsoever. Clearly they come to collect their check. Most of them belong at a mcdonalds in the back to they don't have to "deal" with us. The only reason I come to this location so much is because it's right near home. Never friendly and sometimes disrespectful.
