5	Somehow amid 18 credits both semesters of my senior year, I also managed to find time to do a whole lotta scrapbooking.  And this place pretty much carries everything and anything you need.  Printed papers, solid papers, pens and markers and pencils, stickers, die-cuts, acid-free adhesives, scissors, punches, and a great selection of albums.  I think they have classes, too, but being the *expert* scrapbooker I am (brushes hair off shoulder), I never checked those out though I'm sure they're a lot of fun.  Their workroom is well-stocked, and (*nerd alert!*) it is really fun & satisfying to lock yourself in a space like that with all the necessary tools and make an entire scrapbook in an evening or afternoon.Middleton is really close to Madison/the UW Campus and convenient to get to.  The store is spacious and well laid-out; really, a photo-fanatic's dream!
1	I have had too many negative experiences with the staff in this store.  Today I tried going back after a year, and again the staff is so unhelpful, unknowledgeable and downright rude.  I called to talk with the Manager, and her attitude is just as bad.  Which I guess explains the attitudes of the staff.  There are plenty of other places to shop that actually appreciate and help customers.
4	Pricey, but plentiful. Since all the local independent scrapbook stores in the Madison area are now gone this is really the only option for good scrapbook supplies (apart from the small amounts at places like JoAnn's or Michaels) and they have most things you would need. Recently, I've been in a few times to use their workroom. It's free of charge Sun - Thu and you can have access to their tools and such. The chairs are very comfortable too. Very friendly staff, though they sometimes get a bit too chatty and aren't anywhere near the register when you need them. If I could improve Archiver's, it would be to have a more attentive staff in regards to sales and more reasonable prices (for a large chain, they have prices on many things that are higher than small stores - bizarre).
