5	Wonderful.  Great pastor (name???).  Too bad he was on vacation when I got married here in 2005...Slight improvement over the Little White Chapel (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/Y25c4K4W6c87u6DHHrmE5A ) ...
5	This church is huge and absolutely beautiful. We never miss Sunday mass!  Both of my children were baptized here and my hubby and I had our marriage blessing here as well.
1	Huge and beautiful, but full of old farts and uncaring Catholics, many of whom won't even shake your hand during sign of peace.  A joke of a Catholic "community".
5	On the 12th day of Christmas...I thought it only fitting to review my church on Christmas Day.  We've been parishioners at SEAS for over 19 years.  My son attended first through eighth grade at their school. I've seen the parish grow from being in trailers to the build out of the church, school, and chapel.  We've experienced a great deal of controversy and heartbreak in the past two years with our former pastor.  All through this turmoil, the congregation is still strong, as I'm sure it would be in any other church, regardless of the denomination, where its parishioners have faith.  Roman Catholic or not, the priests and staff are welcoming to all who come to worship, always making a point to acknowledge anyone who may be visiting for a service.  DeeDee, the musical director, has a singing voice like an angel and I always hope she's singing at the masses that I attend.  I'm no holy roller by any means, but if you're looking for a Catholic church to attend on this side of town, give St. Elizabeth's a try.  Peace :)
5	When I first moved out here and finally got settled in, St. Joseph's Husband of Mary was my Catholic Church that I would usually go to.  It was a farther drive from home, but it's the only one I knew to go to.  I recently started attending Mass here after Terri R. suggested trying SEAS out. She's been a parishioner here for a long time now and if it's good enough for her, then it works for me.  It shouldn't matter and it doesn't matter how big, nice, or convenient a church is for you to practice your religion.  But if it does matter for you, this church is all of those things.  This looks like my new church and plan on registering soon.  TIP:-Mass schedules are online-Parking is pretty good for normal Mass.  For Ash Wednesday, it was packed so I assume the rest of the special days are the same.  Do what others do, they all park backwards for easy access out.
5	I have to admit I didn't even know Yelp had a "Church Section". However I was visiting a friend in Sumerlin and I found this gem of a church. Great big new church.  People are a bit stiff and many won't hold hands during the Lord's Prayer or won't even shake your hand to greet you.  However Father Joe was awesome. Gave a bit of a long Homily, but I didn't care as it was spot on and talked about Luke's Gospel.  I loved how he explained what it would of been like for a widow to loose her only son back in the age of Jesus.  She would of wound up a beggar and died very soon!  And why Jesus felt so sorry for her and raised her son from the dead without asking for anything; not even saying go and sin no more. He made so many more great points.  I left proud to be a Christian and a Catholic and I will make it a point to go back here again. And believe it or not, we went to Saturday night mass and they served wine and cheese afterwards!  I have to admit I prayed for the Blackhawks to win and they did!  A pretty great night with my best friend!!  AMDG!!!
4	Wow! What a Church- I expected a small parish considering the town, but it was a very large church led by great priests. The benches are all padded as are the kneelers. The interior is modern, large, bright and beautiful. The only reason it's not 5 stars in my book was that I don't think they had missalettes so I couldn't read along to the scriptures. I will definitely be back next time I visit the area.
4	I very much enjoyed this Catholic Parish while in town visiting a friend. It was large, bright, well cleaned, welcoming and I loved Father Joe's homily. At 10 AM mass, there was enough parking between the lot and the adjacent street. Agree with the other reviews- did not see missaletes- they are the only thing I thought was missing; also, a little odd, but I didn't notice advent candles or wreath. I will go back next time I am in town.
5	Father Joe is amazing and inspiring. He straight forward and humorous. He drives the word and motivates
