4	I put this restaurant under "Local Flavor" since it's about 20 minutes NW of the strip. The only reason to come out here is if you're visiting friends who live in the area, or you've made a trip to the Red Rock Canyon, or something's happened here (and it's staying here). Decent Italian food, and a decent wine list, if not a little pricey. One plus is their complementary antipasto and bread basket; put them together and you already have a good meal even before you've ordered anything. The antipasto had roasted peppers, marinated olives and artichokes, whole chunks of aged Parmesan, and surprisingly original thin-sliced, deep-fried zucchini chips. The meals were generous and a bit heavy. Risotto dishes ranged from about $16 for primavera, up to $60 for white truffle ingredients. I enjoyed a creamy salsiccia risotto balanced with a wine reduction drizzle and thinly sliced leeks. The sausage pieces studded the dish and gave a nice spicy kick. Side dishes such as sauteed spinach and rapini were also heavy on the butter, and the rapini was a bit overcooked and heavily red-peppered for my tastes. Desserts were respectable but overpriced at $9 each: panna cotta with blueberries, apricot sorbet, and a cannoli dish. They made me long for some Boston North End tasties that are twice as good for half the price. Then again we're paying for the ambiance, right?Overall, it's a good place to consider and check out if you're in the area, and want to scope out a brand new "locals" restaurant and its parent casino. Oh, and the website mentions that "Hell's Kitchen winner Heather West joins Terra Rossa restaurant as Senior Chef." Izzat good or bad?
4	Loved the antipasto, the highlight being the fine parmesan and the zucchini chips.  It makes me hope that more Italian restaurants catch onto this concept of complimentary pre-meal nibble.  Yum.  The bread basket was overflowing with a couple of different types of bread (including an olive bread and grissin).  Our table stuck to the primi pastas (I usually don't do secondi dishes- I'm at an Italian restaurant for the pastas or risottos after all).  My only beef is that the agnolottis were not half-moon but a full moon presentation.  I was looking forward to tiny pinched half-moon pastas, but I'll have to continue my search.  Desserts are pricey indeed but generous enough to share after that heavy meal.
5	My aunt and uncle keep telling me about this italian restaurant at Red Rock Station. I kinda was "eh" it's Italian until I ate there. Their Antipasto plate is comlimentary. When you walk in....there's a big wheel of parmaseano reggiano. BIG WHEEL!  I love cheese. That cheese was phenomitastic. It comes with a medley of olives  and roasted peppers and yes the zucchini chips. I got to try this shrimp that looked like they worked out at Muscle beach in Venice. HOLY CRAP. HUGE. Their lil diablo sauce was subtle yet flavorful. I tried the Spaghetti carbonara. It's definitely authentic enough. CHEESEY! I had this veggie pasta dish which was very flavorful and the picatta was excellent. Much better than mine. So I watched Hell's Kitchen 1. How the hell did I  not know that this is the restaurant Hell's Kitchen 2 Heather was in??? WTF....yea I wanted to meet her. But then I got all shy. I'm far from shy. But I just don't like to bother people. I really do want to meet her though. you know swap recipes....shoot the sh*t....etc....Overall - great ambiance. Fresh flavorful foods. $$ not that pricey...but I didn't pay - Thanks Red Rock for the Comp :)
5	I stumbled in here after a long day of conference attending and was really looking for comfort food. And I found it.As others have raved, the antipasto was great. I ate all the zucchini chips myself. Yes, they are that good. I ordered a glass of red wine and some carbonara -- both were fantastic. The wait staff was attentive and nice. I think my waiter felt a little bad for me cause I was alone, because he was extra chatty and nice. But not in the annoying way -- in the nice way. He told me that he thought I was going to win big in the casino... not sure if $120 is big, but it sure made my night!And I've been dreaming of the carbonara ever since.
3	We went to Terra Rosa for my birthday dinner and it was good times. The ambience is really nice there however, they really need to fix their air-conditioning.Started with a nice variety of antipasto: olives that were buttery and delicious, marinated peppers, artichoke hearts, and some chunks of cheese that I forget the name of. All of it was good and we were pleased to have our appetites whet before the drinks came.What we ordered... and our thoughts:Drinks first.. they serve San Pellegrino and a flat water Panna there. However, if you don't want to pay for the bottles, just ask for iced water.I had a French martini which was vodka, chambord and something pineapply which was good and strong which made me realise, there was something VERY wrong with their a/c because I was perspiring. And for dessert, a really kick my butt into outerspace limoncello aperitif.Tortiglioni con Salsiccia: Delicious, although I didn't sample it personally, those who did gave the thumbs up.Penne al Pesto: Tasty, but a bit dry..Fettucine with chicken, mushrooms and a pink vodka sauce (was a special dish that night): Didn't try this, but everyone else who did said it was tasty and yummyDover Sole: My main entree - picked some stray bones out, but the filets were tender and moist. Sauce was yummy and spinach, yum.Al Tartufo: Risotto which I recommended because wasn't that Heather's specialty? It was a bit tasteless... the truffles were a nice touch but we were thinking it was a bit bland. I usually really love risotto.Tiramisu: lovely, but I think we liked the biscotti more. In fact, our waiter ended up bringing us a plateful to take with us!Chocolate molten cake with vanilla gelato: rich, moist, gooey, delicious! The chocolate was ver' nice.A cool (not literally) dining experience and I would definitely go back and try something new!!!
5	If you have the opportunity to make it to this restaurant, you should go.  Admittedly it is pretty far off the strip, but I consider myself an Italian food connoisseur and this is truly fantastic Italian food.  Reservations are highly recommended.  All in all, it's a very pleasant dining experience, with nice, friendly, knowlegeable wait staff.  One of the best part is that along with bread, they literally give you a chunk of hard, aged white cheese and a fork.  Yummy.GET THE MINESTRONE SOUP.  It's some of the best I've ever had.  Other than that, they also have a delicious eggplant appetizer.    As far as entrees go, their seafood is always a good choice.  The homemade gnocci is good, but not the best I've ever had.  I also had an pasta arrabiata here that was pretty hard to beat.
4	Everything that I and my companions had was outstanding.  The reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because:1.  Our waiter was an ass.  I ordered a salad and it was delivered to my companion who asked the server if this came with the special that she ordered.  The server responded that yes, it was hers.  She dug in and when she was 3/4 finished, the waiter showed up and asked me how my salad was.  I responded, explaining what had occurred and he looked at me dead pan, another dining companion tried to explain to him what happened and again he was puzzled.  My companion who ate the salad tried to explain and again he just stared at my companion as if to suggest that she should give the salad to me.  Finally, he told me "i guess I'll have to get you a salad"2.  I dropped my fork right in front of the waiter and he looked at me and walked to the kitchen area where I thought he was going to get me a new one, but Nada.  I had to ask a bus boy for one.3.  The sommelier came over and asked if we required any assistance, My friend Grace told him that she was the only wine drinker and could he suggest a pinot noir by the glass, he responded that pinot was not available by the glass but that they had a wonderful opened bottle of something high end and that they needed to serve it soon, so it was available at $80 a glass.  Grace said that maybe he could suggest something else and he said "I'll be right back", he never returned.  Thank God!But the food was great.  I am on my low carb cycle, so I was happy to see the antipasto tray that was brought out.  It included a nice array of olives, roasted peppers, artichoke hearts and big giant chunks of Parmesan cheese.  A low carb delight.  They also served a great bread basket with my companions gladly ate in front of me with no regards to my carb withdrawls that I was suffering.I ordered the Pollo Matone, which was a tender succulent boneless chicken breast that was very flavorful and seasoned.  The salad I ordered was crisp and delicious.  My companions were equally impressed with their pasta dishes that they ate in front of me despite knowing that I am on my low carb diet.
2	The service was great, everything else was severely lacking.  Ambiance - we had a late dinner reservation and there was a big family next to us with a kid who was either crawling around the floor or laying on a chair sleeping the whole time (he was over 5 years old).  Food - not even as good as my Italian cooking, which is average at best.  Plus, they brought us an antipasto tray which we did not order, and then charged us an exorbitant amount for it on the bill.  I had risotto which was cooked well but flavorless.  My boyfriend had pesto pasta which was just completely smothered in pesto, it looked like it was from a jar.  The wine selection is good, with many half bottles, but extremely overpriced.  Other restaurants at Red Rock are MUCH better.
3	Had lunch here today - was bummed to learn that whatsherbucket from Hell's Kitchen doesn't work here any more.  I wonder if the food would've been any more "wow" if she did.  The restaurant is lovely and the servers very helpful (although in the interest of full disclosure I should note that we were dining with hotel staff, so. . . ).The food was okay.  We started with an antipasti platter with olives the size of my head, giant blocks of parmesan the size of my torso, and roasted peppers and artichoke hearts (both standard sized).  I also had a yummy piece of bread with cheese and herbs baked on top dunked in oil and vinegar.  A simple mixed greens salad was nicely dressed up by chucking some of the items from the antipasti platter on top.  The pasta was okay, the chicken was okay, the greens were too bitter for my taste, but my fellow diners loved them (and the salmon).The tiramisu was seriously good, with a sticky consistency to the mascarpone cream that made it super easy for me to imagine how well it'll stick to my hips.  I only had three bites and I'm pretty sure I can see them right where I imagined them going with the rest of the carbs I carelessly wolfed down.
1	This place is the opposite of good and cheap.  I started with the Lobster Bisque, the special of the day.  It was okay but if I had known it  cost $24 (for soup?) I would have opted for the Minnestrone.  The noodles in my wife's Chicken Alfredo was cooked just right but the Mexican chef put too much pepper in it for her taste.  My Veal Marsala was waaaay too sweet.  The chef needs to put in some dry white wine to balance the sweetness.  WTF is Red Rock management doing hiring a poorly trained Mexican to cook gourmet Italian food?  Good ambience and casual attire is acceptable.
2	Ugh - what can I say - Business lunch in Vegas - The place is nice inside, looks good - but, well that's where it stops. Maybe it was just lunch time slowwwwness from the Waiter and Kitchen.  Food was okay - nothing that I could not have had at an Olive Garden type restaurant, except the $$$ was a lot higher.  Maybe we were not celebrity type material to get attention. I did notice that if you knew the host, then you seemed to get better attention from the staff.  I had heard that this was the place the "Hell's Kitchen" winner was running; well maybe she ran away and took the best of this restaurant with her.
2	There are many great choices for Italian in Las Vegas.  I probably won't be coming back here.The antipasto tray was nice.  I thought the wine  list was a little pricey.  I am not enough of a wine aficionado to wash my $20 plate of pasta down with $75+ worth of wine.Salads were very good.  I had the arugula salad and my husband had the tricolore salad. Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.My husband's lasagna was decent -- I snuck a bite. and lasagna is one of my all-time favorite foods.  However, my risotto primavera was shockingly mediocre.  The "primavera" consisted of peas and cubed carrots, and the sauce was quite bland.  The dish was eerily similar to the Lipton Rice 'n Sauce mix  I make when I am out of ideas of what to serve as a side dish at home.The service was not up to par, either.  The wait time  between courses was not paced weil.  Our server put our check on the table before she asked us if we wanted dessert or coffee.  I later saw the restaurant manager scolding her.If you want upscale, delicious food in this part of town, go to Rosemary's.
2	Overpriced, food is so-so, not better than in Olive Garden.
4	Okay, I'm going to admit it, I'm a huge fan of "Hell's Kitchen," and frankly, the reason why we ventured off the Strip to go to this restaurant was because the winner from Season 2 of HK, Heather, won a job there.  Yes, the food was AMAZING.  Heather didn't work there anymore but the the food was still A-MAZ-ING.  When you sit down, they start you off with a selection of breads and a mini antipasto plate with artichoke hearts, a hunk of good parm cheese, these to-die-for Queen olives and grilled bell peppers.  MMMmmmMMM!!!We started with the beef carpaccio and green bean salad.  The beef carpaccio was excellent and the green bean salad was a nice, refreshing contrast to our later, heavier pasta dishes.  I would definitely recommend the beef carpaccio.  Yummy.  The green bean salad was good but not something that would knock your socks off.  It was basically blanched green beans on iceberg lettuce, with shaved palm hearts, small pear tomatoes and a light lemon vinagrette.  You could make that at home.Let me just rave about the pasta, though!  My hubby's rigatoni with spicy sausage and peas was very good but my pasta?  OMG.  Let me say that again.  OMG.  I can't remember the exact name of the pasta it but they're basically half-moon shaped raviolis that are filled with this marscapone cheese and osso bucco mix.  Did I say OMG.  OMG.  My first bite was HEAVEN.  I literally was silent for the first several bites as I savored the complex flavors and textures of the pasta.  OMG.  'Nuff said.I wish I could have ordered dessert but we were so stuffed from the generous portion sizes.  I was more full from that meal than from the Paris Hotel buffet that we went to the night before.Now, with that said, I gave the place 4 stars because the service was weird.  We're at this fine dining establishment but the wait staff seemed to be culled from a casual dining restaurant (or even less).  I'm all for women's lib but when it comes to fine dining, I like to be treated like a lady.  So how weird was it that I was given the bill and not my husband (nevermind the fact that my lovely husband did all the right chivalrous things like pull out my chair, order my meal for me, refreshed my other drinks from the bottle--just follow his lead!)?  And then why was it that we were waited on by our waiter AND a busser but still had to ask for my water to be refilled?  And how did our waiter forget what the specials were for the evening?  Or why was our candle never relit after it blew out half-way through our salad course?  And why was it that when the waiter took my knife with my salad plate, that he never brought me a replacement?  Or that he took my bread plate but not my husband's? Or that they cleared my husband's plate while I was still eating my entree?  Sadly, the weird service took away from the entire meal experience.   Also, note to the owners...waiters in jeans with a collared shirt and tie?  Yeah, no.  Jeans just don't work well for fine dining.I think what killed it for us (and why we probably won't make the drive out there again) is that the waiter poo-pooed Heather from HK.  Yes, we had to ask b/c we're dorky that way.  He said, "It was just a publicity stunt. She only had a year contract and was out literally to the day that her contract expired.  She couldn't cook anyway."  Wow, that was a major disappointment.  At least lie to us and tell us that she was great and that she's moved onto new ventures?  It's not that we didn't enjoy the food but since there are so many great restaurants on the Strip, we didn't need to make that 20-minute drive all the way to Red Rock Resort when we could walk 5 minutes to one of Mario Batali's 2 new restaurants at the Palazzo.Bottom line: Great to eat there if you're already in that part of town.  Otherwise, not completely worth the drive out there when there are comparable places on the Strip.
2	I can describe my entire experience at Terra Rossa in one word: "meh."The food was decent, the atmosphere was fine, but there was literally nothing that stood out about the place from the dozens of other Italian restaurants on or off the Strip.If that had been the extent of it, I would have easily given Terra Rossa three stars, but there were some negative parts about my experience.  The host staff initially couldn't locate my reservation, then seemed to forget about us as we waited for a table at the bar, to the point where I had to remind them we were still there.  Also, the bar staff was a bit negligent.  The bar was far from full and we still had to constantly get the staff's attention when we wanted a drink or the bill.  Fortunately, the table service was quite good.  We had a very attentive waiter and our order was  delivered to perfection.Finally, I think the food was a tich overpriced for the quality.  For example, I had an off menu, "special" salad of spinach and crab meet that turned out to be $16!  Yes, it was real crab meat, but come on!  Also, my pizza seemed to be slightly undercooked.  It was thin-crust pizza, and barely browned.  For the money, I highly recommend looking elsewhere.  Even off the Strip there are plenty of Italian joints superior to this.
3	They had really good food but the food took forever to come out. We kind of just waited and waited. We got to sit in our own private room. I had the caesar salad and veal parm which were absolutely delicious. Everyones food looked pretty good and i wanted to taste it all. My dad had the seafood diavalo. WHich was scallops, mussels, lobster, crab, shrimp, and it looked awesomeeee.
1	Never again. Granted, my dad did use his super-Jew powers to knock the price down through local's offers and gambling points, but the food was fucking awful and if I had paid full price for this I would have lost a nut. My mother hated her caesar salad - and c'mon, how hard is it to get a caesar salad right? Skip it.
3	Because this was a trip focused on our kids, we stayed at the Red Rock in Summerlin, and had the big 13th birthday diner there, at Terra Rossa -- http://www.redrocklasvegas.com/dining...There were 10 of us, and we were seated in one of their private dining rooms.  I cannot possibly review each and every single dish we ordered, but I have to say I was impressed! Among the standouts were the carpaccio, the scampi appetizer, the burrata salad (fresh burrata, sun-dried tomato, arugula, basil), and the shrimp risotto.The wine list is mostly your typical Vegas OVERpriced, but a few deals can indeed be had!Not as good as, say, Valentino at The Venetian, but I'd certainly go back.Cheers,Jason
4	Service: 5 Wine: 4 Food: 4 I had a relaxing experience here after an afternoon of hard gambling. I found the service to be exceptional: not hovering, but someone was always there when needed. Calamari appetizer was outstanding and worth the visit: served very hot with a crunchy coating and cooked just right. Veal Marsala had a pleasant tang. I had also ordered a side of pasta with red sauce, which was just fair, and not needed anyway, what with the antipasto tray and bread.
2	This is based on a group dinner. We had a work outing and a party of about 20. The cheese and olive appetizer plate was amazing with this delicious sharp white cheddar cheese. But, I had gnocchi...soft dumplings, tomato sauce, basil / 18 and the gnocchi was a bit cool and kind of dense. I picked the chicken artichoke for the entire and it was very disappointing because the chicken seemed overcooked and chewy. Food also took so long that I left before the dessert course. The red wine was good. But, I imagine that this dinner meal might have been problematic due to the size of our group.
5	My dad has said: If you need to look at the prices on a menu, don't eat out ! You need to eat at Terra Rossa at the Red Rock, it's the best Italian outside NY where we are from. I have eaten here over 10 times since my parents have moved to Summerlin, I come frequently to visit them and this restaurant since it had opened, and I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Here is some advice: 1. Make a reservation2. Speak to the Sommelier who is knowledgeable about pairings & suggestions for the menu items.3. Don't eat 5 hours before your meal here. 4. If you eat everything off the delicious antipasto, you will need to take a "wine break" or a spin class. 5. Notice the manager running around running the show, he is the nicest & hardest working man in all of Red Rock and his suit will be the best one you'll see all night. My favorite is the Pappardelle Bolognese, it is hands down the best one I have EVER had.  I also have had some other items "not on the menu" such as the Butternut squash ravioli in a sage brown butter & Risotto topped with lobster.  I think I have had such excellent dining experiences here because I always let them know how much I love the Pappardelle but I'm interested in trying something else.  I love the green bean salad & the calamari which is not too breaded & heavy.  These are perfect for sharing.  I have never tried the pizza because...I'm from NY, I just don't set myself up that way.  Thanks to the Sommelier here, I am a Super Tuscan fan.  He turned my husband and I on to it, and we are Super Fans.
2	This a review for LUNCH at Terra Rossa which they have been advertising  for around $8.  I had eaten at this restaurant several times before for lunch before they decided to stop serving lunch this year.  I was very happy to see that they were offering lunch again and would have a lower priced menu. Unfortunately, not all the menu prices were lowered, just the cheap uninspired pasta dishes were around $8.  Want small portions of spinach ravioli or pasta with meat sauce?  Well that is what your 8 bucks gets you.  The rest of the menu with the stuff I actually like to eat was still over $15.My biggest disappointment was that they no longer offer the complimentary antipasto platter with lunch - that is now only a dinner thing.  For that reason only, I will not be back.  Also, the $18 swordfish salad and the $16 salmon salad both had  TINY SALADS.  The salmon was the biggest offender on that front - it had about 3 bites of spinach slathered with a far too strong dijon mustard sauce.  I was embarrassed for the restaurant that they actually marketed these entrees as salads -  it was pretty much a 4 oz. piece of fish with an itty bitty salad on the side.  The swordfish was awesome, but for that price please give me an actual salad!In summary, by cutting costs this restaurant has significantly dimished its quality.  I will not be back.
4	Bread basket, $0: assortment of rollsProsciutto, $14: vincotto, seasonal sliced melon (honeydew)Linguine clams, $9: littleneck clams, spicy white wine garlic sauceBranzino, $30: italian seabass, grilled, sauteed spinach, cherub tomatoesThe prosciutto was more than enough for the two of us. I could understand how some people may think the pasta serving is small, but really, how much do you need to eat? I wouldn't say the linguine was amazing-the-best-I've-ever-had, but it was still good, with fresh clams. I was hesitant to order to the branzino because of the price, but it was a great choice: flavored and cooked perfectly. Again, some may be surprised by the amount, but if you get an appetizer/soup/salad you should be fine. We also found the spinach to be notably delicious. A perfect blend of flavors.
3	The first time we ate here, it was a pleasant surprise. Affordable and better than expected. I only wish our 2nd visit was as fruitful. I made a reservation for Friday night at 8pm. We arrived 10 minutes early and were seated immediately. We were seated in front of the kitchen. No big deal, except that about 20 minutes in, we started to get hot because of the pizza oven. No biggie, it wasn't unbearable to me, but more picky Yelpers might disagree. We had an older woman as our waitress. Let's just say her perfume was definitely age appropriate. Problem is, I shouldn't know what perfume she is wearing or what it smells like. It seemed she took a bath in her "old lady" perfume. I feel bad in pointing it out, because she was friendly and nice, but it was a little overbearing. Also, we found the service to be quite slow this particular night. Waiting about 10 minutes for ice water seemed odd to me. When I go out to eat, I really expect to be served some water almost instantly. It's one of my pet peeves, and I hate when I have to wait....for WATER of all things. We started with the bruchetta, which was strong. The tomatoes were nice and cold, and a great contrast to the warm toasted bread they sat upon. Great flavor, and good portions. A+ appetizer. I had the swordfish. My favorite cut of fish is a nice swordfish steak. When done correctly, it can rival any beef steak out there. This was not done correctly. It was dry, overcooked, bland, and just an overall disappointment. I really don't know why I didn't send it back, perhaps I was too hungry, but in hindsight, I really should have. It was one of the more expensive entrees on the menu, and it was just short of a disaster. A major letdown. My fiance's osso-bucco on the other hand, was great. Served on a bed of saffron risotto, the shank was tender and moist. The portion was a great size, and everything was prepared and executed perfectly. Good thing she couldn't eat it all, because I scarfed down about a third of the osso-bucco and quite a bit of risotto to compensate for my sub-par swordfish. Overall, this place isn't bad. There were a few points that could be improved, IE service. The dopey girls at the maitre d's station could be a little more friendly as well. No smiles, and no welcoming feeling came from that pack of 20-somethings. It feels like they're just there getting a paycheck, with no care or commitment to service in a service industry. Get it together folks, you're sitting on a goldmine in that restaurant, you just need to fix a few little things....
4	Came here with no reservations on a Friday night but got seated right away! Guess everyone was too busy at the tables or in line at the nearby cineplex inside Red Rock...The whole ambiance of the place reeked of fine elegance but definitely not in an indimidating way. Upon seating, you are immediately greeted by the sommelier with recommendations from the wine list. We went for a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc... Following this, a (wonderful) bread basket and a platter of olives, roasted peppers, zucchini chips, and slivers of a few selection of meats (salami/prosciutto) is brought out. That in itself made a great starter! Well, for me anyway... My SO ordered a shrimp gamberi appetizer while I just tore into the bread basket & complimentary mini-charcuterie plate.For our main enterees, I got a rigatoni dish with crumbled Italian sausage and he got a classic lasagna. I read somewhere that it's a testament to how good an Italian restaurant is based on their pasta dishes and the strength of those alone - so I've/we've always stuck to pasta when dining at Italian restaurants. You can order a steak at a steakhouse...And the verdict? Both pasta dishes were very good. Sauces were seasoned well and just the right amount of al dente in the rigatoni. Dinner at here was a real pleasant experience, courteous & professional staff/service, excellent dishes, good ambiance... so much so, we stuck around to have coffee and dessert wine, even though we had to hurry to catch our showing of "Hot Tub Time Machine"!!Our bill came to just under $200 (after tax and 20% tip). All in all, a wonderful dinner & great dining experience at Terra Rossa. I highly recommend it.
4	Wife and I dined there while staying at the Red Rock Resort.  A little pricey for Italian but very delicious.  I had the perciatelli with the veal ragu, great flavor profile unlike I've had before.  My wife had the shrimp lemon risotto, shrimp larger than used to seeing in a dish like this, incredibly creamy with all the cheese in it, but very rich.A friend told us a recent Hell's Kitchen winner was the chef here.  Asked the manager and he stated she only stayed a couple months, that her style conflicted with that of the restaurant.Would go again next time we stay there.
4	The food was terrific, but there was only one server so the service was a bit slow. The dessert was also really good, but not the typical tiramisu I've had before. The gnocchi was perfect!
2	Good example of mediocre Vegas factory food. Service was great, but food was uninspiring. Free antipasta was best part, bread was plain and refined, olive oil was pale, anchovies were old, beer list weak.
1	What a Waste !! This pricey Italian restaurant at the Red Rock had Salad Dressing with more salt than anywhere I have been. The bread rolls were cold. Service was very very slow. Someone at the table ordered Risotto with no dairy. The waiter brought it out and said it has no butter at all. He forgot to mention it had a ton of cheese in it. We sent it back and assumed they would not put it on our $600 plus bill. We did not say anything but......  Also the pizza was overcooked, so if you are staying at the Red Rock save money and try the Yard House, they also have pizza and pasta and many other choices and they are all very good!
4	Italian cuisine is one international flavor which palatability I have adapted favorably. In the Red Rock Casino is this restaurant serving Italian cuisine I like. Restaurant host seated four of us pair of friends in no time of wait even without reservation. Seated on a table few feet away from the bar and in the center of the room splendidly gave me a view of the entire restaurant. From appetizer, to soup to salad, beverage, dessert and main entree all was classically served by attentive male food service staff. Bread basket accompanied with butter was first served. Bread was warm. My chosen appetizer was "Carpaccio". Since I like arugula and capers with beef definitely got my appetite peaking to the next course of our dinner. The "Pasta e Fagioli" had soft canellini beans and the pasta was favorably cooked. The "Calabrese" salad tasted right with crisp iceberg lettuce, olives and pepperoncini in a vinaigrette dressing. "Shellfish Diavolo" is a definite must-have especially that lobster is my favorite. The shellfish were lobster with scallops,clams,shrimp,and mussels. I liked that the sauce was a little spicy. It came close in comparison to a New York Italian's best neighborhood restaurant where last I had the best "Lobster Fra Diavolo" I ever tasted. Another favorite of ours that we ordered was "Ossobucco" (that had tender meat , awesome!), the "Steak Pizzaiola" (was moist, slightly juicy), the "Veal Limone" (had a few spinach which should have been added a few more to even out the veal on the plate). Red Merlot wine and White Chianti wine were excellent pairings for the meals. Moist "Tiramisu" with hot coffee rounded up dessert. Table setting with white linen cloths and food served in gourmet portions. Wish it were served in home-style portions but then it would divert it to less fine dining. Comfortable seating but tables were set a little close to the next tables. Sophisticated environ with ambient, soft lighting.  Elegant decor and relaxed atmosphere. "La Buona Cucina"!
2	Si, ci sono Italiano, ma il cibo non buona.(Yes, its Italian, but the food is no good)Red Rocks Casino has covered it's Italian Restaurant quota, by offering Terra Rossa.  The food is uninspired, overpriced, and disappointing.  There are better options in this casino, and since they are all in an earshot of Terra Rossa, it is no wonder that there are many open seats here all the time.We sat for about 10 minutes while different waiters looked at us, but didn't walk over to begin service.  Then throughout the meal we had three different servers.  I'm not sure why they kept switching, and they didn't mention it which was odd.  When we didn't order wine, the waiter showed his displeasure immediately.  I waited tables for a long time, and know that a couple splitting an entree with no wine is not going to be a huge bill, but that doesn't justify rudeness.  We split an entree, and a dessert.Our Order:Vegetable Risotto - Poor knife work on the vegetables left some undercooked and others mushy.  The colors were quite nice in this dish, and resembled a pasta primavera but with risotto.  The risotto was cooked properly, although with too much cream.  The ingredients should still shine in risotto, not be masked by heavy butter and cream.Tiramisu - Not bad, but nothing special either.  It tasted like it came out of the freezer section of your local grocer, which I didn't really mind all that much.  The issue with this though, is that nobody wants to dine out for something you can have at home, and at a reasonable price.  I did enjoy the olives and bread that were brought out before the meal, but that is hardly enough to give my experience a good review.  Avoid this subpar Italian effort, and dine in one of the other good restaurants at Red Rocks.
3	You know, I want to give this place a better rating. I really do. The service was excellent, the ambiance was nice, and my friends and I walked in looking like our disheveled selves after a long day and we were still sat quickly and treated with respect. I'll give the service five stars, easy. From top to bottom, the staff was fantastic.The food... the food was fine. It wasn't five star food, but they're no slouches in the kitchen either. I tasted a few dishes and ended up getting the cappriciosa pizza; artichokes, prosciutto, mushrooms, olives. In theory, it sounded great.The pizza was razor thin and a little bit soggy. The dough just couldn't support all the toppings! It was a tasty combination, but it needed to be bound together just a *weeeeee* bit more. I enjoyed the meal, but it could have been a lot better for me.I'll probably come back and try something else, but it's not at the top of my list of places to go again.
2	The sommelier was outstanding, recommending a lovely red and a superb white wine for our two tables. Our servers were friendly  but a little lacking in attention.  Maybe it's because we had two tables, a total of 15 people, but we had a reservation weeks ahead of time, so they should have been prepared for us.  I did enjoy the wine, as well as the bread and olive/cheese plate brought to the tables when we were seated.  From there it went downhill....I had the burrata as an appetizer salad and unfortunately found it too salty for my taste.  The overabundance of sun dried tomatoes overpowered the delicate flavor of the ricotta and mozzarella. My entree was a simple whole wheat spaghetti primavera which was as disappointing as the salad.  The pasta was too al dente, almost crunchy, and there were very few vegetables in the dish.  I was going to say something to the waiter when he came by to check on us but he never did.  When a young lady came to remove the plates at the end of the meal, she asked if I was done and if I wanted a box to take the remaining pasta with me.  I did not want a box and I mentioned my dissatisfaction with the meal.  I don't know if she said anything to the waiter, but he never came to my table or said anything to me.  The next morning I mentioned to a colleague that I hadn't been impressed with the dinner and he expressed disappointment with his pasta dish as well, although I don't remember what he had. He did say the sauce was "awful."To be fair, several others in our party said that their meals were quite good, although most did say the pasta, whether side dish or entree, was not stellar.  My friend who had the chicken parmigiana raved about it, and another friend who had linguine clams said the clams were very tasty.Personally, I would not go to this restaurant again as there are others in the Red Rock Resort that are better.  I'm also a bit disappointed that I completed a survey for the resort and told them about this dismal meal.  No one from the resort contacted me (I said they could), which makes me think no one bothers to actually read the surveys.....
3	Excellent service. Nice staff. OK food. We had a slew of waiters that were quick, efficient, helpful and nice. This was the highlight at Terra Rosa. They bring a plate (or 2) of peppers, cheese, olives, artichokes, etc. with the bread. I had the cheese and bread. Both were excellent and kept me away from ordering a salad, which was nice. A couple of us ordered the Osso Bucco, which had good, but much too cheesy, risotto. The over flavored risotto was good because the pork wasn't very flavorful. The chicken Parm and veal Marsala guys seemed happy, but not in love. The wines we had were fairly priced and not bad at all. Surprisingly the less expensive bottle was better than the more expensive. Overall, the food was ok and service was good. It's a nice option, but for the price I'd go elsewhere in the casino for food.
3	First review?! Whoa!  Loved the decor.  Very classy.  I almost felt awkward dining in my t-shirt.  My craving for risotto led me to try their ossobuco.   It was delicious.  The saffron risotto was cooked to perfection.  And I had fun digging out the bone marrow.  GF had the shellfish diavolo.   Not the best I've tried but the fresh tagliolini was great.
4	Popped in and snagged two bar stools with my hunny for an after bowling casual yet fulfilling bite.Greeted immediately by the bartender, who layed out placements, roll-ups, water, and menus.  Glanced over the wine lists.  Yikes! pricier than I anticipated off strip.  Glasses ranged from $9 - $23 with the avergae in the $16 range.  Me and hubs were able to find a lovely red blend for $9.We were served a heaping antipasti plate.  The portion was generous for 2 people!  It included artichoke hearts, crispy salted zucchini chips, roasted red peppers, olives and chunks of parmigian cheese.  Tasty treats.  Definitely a creative departure from the average bread and balsamic.We decided to share the burrata salad and the tortiglioni pasta.  Moments later, literally, our salad arrived neatly stacked in two small bowls.  What a thoughtful gesture to actually split our items charge free!  The salad had far too many tomatoes...otherwise, it was excellent.  Spicy arugula and micro basil dressed in vinaigretee merely danced around the generous portion of light, creamy, perfectly salty, buffalo mozzarella.  The fresh cheese had an incredible texture as if melted in the cold salad, but clearly not.  Admittedly, I scooped obout 10 tomatoes; the 6 that remained were sufficient!Before we finished our salad, our pasta arrived...neatly split as well.  The service was too speedy but we were sitting at the bar.  The pasta was a little too al dente; borderline crunchy.  Other than that critique, it was excellent.  A hot, spicy, creamy, well seasoned tomato sauce perfectly coated each noodle along with ground sausage and peas.  They grated fresh parmagian on barside.  $54 for 2 glasses of wine, a salad, and a pasta.  Not bad at all!  Note: Ordering entrees or other wine could have easily allowed this check to get large! Entrees range from $24 - $48.  Pricey for off strip but fitting for the lovely decor.
3	This review pertains to the lunch menu.The Skinny: so-so appys, well-prepared fresh pasta but heavy-handed sauces make this a (3), service: friendly, attentive service but nothing beyond the ordinary (3), value: ordinarily the meal would have been $50 (which would have given it a value of 2) but instead cost us $25 with a special Station Casino coupon (3).Okay - so the hubs decided to take advantage of a coupon from Station Casinos that gives you $25 off of a $50 order from any of their italian restaurants at any of their casinos. In order for us to make the most of the coupon, we hit the place for lunch as the prices for the same dishes can be up to 50% less than dinner. Yes - you don't get the lovely complimentary plate of antipasti (the fried zucchini chips are great) but it's a small price to pay.To be honest, we hadn't been to Terra Rosa since Heather West (winner of the Hell Kitchen Season 1) left the scene. At that time, the dinner service was superb so we were interested to see how it is now.For starters we ordered a plate of calamari fritti ($9) and split of mista salad ($8). The fried calamari was too lightly battered to stand up to the generous serving of the rather robust marinara it was served with. It really lacked the nice crispiness that one would expect with a great place of calamari. The mista salad was pretty much your standard mixed green salad except the tomatoes were a little on the overripe side of things. I would not order this again given the price.For pastas, we tried the gnocchi, spinach ravioli, and tortiglioni sausages (each $9). The tortiglioni was the favourite - a nice al dente pasta served with an italian sausage with a mild kick. It is definitely on the heavier side and could have used a little more peas to even the flavours out. The gnocchi was a nice consistency: fluffy little potato pillows that melted in my mouth. Unfortunately, the delicate pasta was overwhelmed by the rather copious amounts of hearty marinara (it was better when they served it with a pesto). Finally, the spinach ravioli was also swimming in the brown butter sage. Again, a heavy hand with sauces make this dish only so-so.To top off our rather large lunch (we took some of the pasta home), we tried their tiramisu ($6). Their tiramisu had the right flavours but unfortunately did not have enough of the espresso-soaked sponge/lady fingers to lighten the texture. Ultimately, it was a good meal for a great price but definitely overpriced on a regular basis given the level of cuisine.
3	This is going to be an uninspired review for an uninspiring restaurant. I ate at Terra Rossa about a month ago and haven't been motivated to write anything about it. First of all, let me start out with the best dish we had: the lemon scallop risotto -- 5 scallops on a bed of risotto. Some scallops were more seared than others, but all were tasty and clean. The risotto itself had a nice al dente and creamy texture. The sliced veggies (celery, asparagus, tomatoes, etc) that were mixed in added some varying textures and flavors to the dish. As the title of the dish indicated, there was a distinct lemon taste.The other entree we ordered was the shellfish diavolo -- shrimp, scallops, lobster, clams, mussels, spicy tomato and tagliolini. The spicy tomato sauce was anything but spicy. With all the different ingredients, it's amazing that they made it as bland as it was. The pasta wasn't anything special, the lobster and shrimp were overcooked and rubbery... My wife was so disappointed that she spent most of the dinner eating my risotto.For dessert we opted for the chocolate lava cake. That's always a winner isn't it? Not this one. It was served cold and the center was solid. No lava here. The cake did taste wonderful, although it was incredibly rich. It was more like a really delicious and big brownie dessert.It was easy to get seated on a Saturday night and now I know why. I doubt I'll be back.
2	Atmosphere was great.  Service was mediocre.  Food was plain and boring.  At $120 for two it sucked.  Eat elsewhere.
2	When my fiance and I tried the restaurant on the 21st of July we were pretty disappointed. Service was good but our table was rocky; I know they have plenty of carpenters on sight to fix these. They were out of one mai ingredient to make the first 2 appetizers we requested. The waitress said they had not gotten things unpacked from the delivery truck yet despite the restaurant opening around 2pm daily. The main course was linguine with clam sauce. The sauce was good but the pasta was SUPER al dente. I mean near raw. I know some chefs rave over this concept of semi-uncooked pasta but in the real world we eat it fully cooked. And being a chef myself I can say that this was overly al dente. Dessert was wonderful with no complaints. I wish I just ordered three of them to be my appetizer and main course.
1	Very expensive and steak was not very good.  If you are going to spend this kind of money go somewhere that knows how to make a steak and has natural grass fed, T-Bones blows this place away for about the same cost.  Wayne Gorsek
4	We are locals in Vegas, and Terra Rosa is our favorite Italian restaurant off the strip. They don't do everything perfectly, but you don't pay the prices that ensure that. The bread basket and antipasto appetizer are good, but I would absolutely upgrade the type of bread. Ciabatta, faccacia.....same old thing. Not bad, just dated. The calamari is the best in town. Huge portion, lightly breaded, and served with a good size cup of marinara on the side. It's worth going there for this alone. The thin crust pizza is just that, the thinnest crust I've ever had, which can present problems when you try to pick up a slice and it immediately wilts. 6 people dined for $200 plus tip. Not too bad for the decent quality.
4	Good food.  They have Oban scotch.  I had the gnochi after a bruschetta appetizer.  Service was good.
3	Dropped the kids off  ; )  ...  Great looking resteraunt .. Sat right down on a sat night by the fireplce .. all nice .. The appetizer plate has some of the best olives and parmesian cheese ... Very nice feel. .. Clams were ok but pizza crust was burned ..  Overall a nice place and night   but not the best food we ever had. .... Service staff was very attentive to our needs
3	Writing this review at the insistence of some friends.  I had dinner here last year with some other casino/gambling friends.  This establishment is very nice, but the food is mediocre at best, considering the prices.  I liked the complimentary "antipasti" platter, served buffet style in the common area.  Nice selection of good quality cheese, cured meats and sausage, peppers, etc. etc. And a very nice bread basket.  But the salads and dressing were blase.  So was the soup.  I had the osso bucco and it was not seasoned well.  The meat was cooked perfectly, but the seasoning was a little bland and "off" in my opinion.  My wife had the choc cake for dessert and she too said it was mediocre at best.
4	A group of 20 of us dined here one evening during our last visit.  I've eaten here several times, and really enjoy the food.  The food was still good (cracker crisp margherita pizza is my go-to), but I am docking it a star because of the fiasco with the bill.  This was two nights before our wedding.  We were buying all the guests dinner Friday and Saturday, but it wasn't in our budget to feed everyone for all 5 nights, so we were up front with the restaurant that this was going to be separate bills.  Somehow that didn't get communicated to the server.  It happens, but the way it was dealt with was excruciatingly slow and painful, with all 20 of us sitting around waiting for it to get figured out.  Honest mistake, but could have been handled better.  I'll still be back.
3	Sadly, just average. Having been here numerous times over the years, it is sad to watch the trendlines of price continually increasing, and quality steadily decreasing. The ambiance still is excellent, with a gorgeous physical layout that makes you quickly forget you're in a casino. The free appetizer plate of olives/cheese/bread is still generous, but it's downhill from there. Perhaps I am being too harsh, as I remember how it used to be, but for the pricepoint they're arriving at, the quality isn't there. Pasta dishes are the standard fair, and are of standard quality. Good, but nothing exceptional. Heirloom tomato salad was a huge disappointment w mealy tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella that tasted store bought. Pork chop was also average- nothing to complain about, but also nothing exceptional. Highlight was the desert, with the molten chocolate cake reaching the average barrier, delivering exceptional taste and presentation.
4	Went here for lunch with a friend because we were craving a tuna nicoise salad. The decor was beautiful and we were promptly brought to a table. Our server Tony was friendly and attentive. We loved their entire menu. He brought us a delicious bread basket with olive tapenade. I could have ruined my appetite eating the entire thing.  We started with the beef carpaccio and eggplant involuntini. Both were delicious but the eggplant was very memorable. I will come back for this dish. The eggplant is cut thin, friend and then rolled around lots of gooey mozarella. They bake it with a delicious red sauce. Heavenly! We were pretty full so we decided to share the tuna salad. Beautiful presentation and flavor. I will come back for this. We finished the meal with the best cappacino I have ever had. I was very surprised at the negative reviews. This is the best Italian restaurant I have been to while living in Vegas.
5	My husband and I are huge funs!!! In fact if you are a  local and enjoy good wines, great service and good food you would like this place.
3	Red Rock Casino is the shopping mall casino.  The layout, is suburban, and the restaurants stick out into the parking lot, so what you see is what you get.  We were visiting with our brother and sister in law, and taking them out to dinner, and wanted a nice meal.  The decor is nice in a heavy handed minimalist expense account type of way, lots of sliced quartz with lights shining through and Roman type formalist bathrooms.  Great service, and decent olives with brilliant Parmesan chunks as an appetizer.  My sister in laws Risotto was mild and soothing, my beaus veal picata a bit rubbery, and my Linguini with clams inexplicably hot (spiced with peppers).Quiet ambience so we could talk, but a bit pricey on the wine, with some wines by the glass over priced.
2	So not impressed by this Italian restaurant. As a Vegas local I know one thing: casino's know how to do an Italian restaurant. But sadly this location has a poor Italian restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful and the service is great, there are no complaints about the waiters or bussers or decor. Their menu is so limited you don't even want to eat there. The food that you do receive is edible but there is no selection. I would only come here for dessert and drinks. Do not come here on an empty stomach.
4	Pretty good, Pretty good.  Olives and bread to start are very nice. I got spaghetti and meatballs and my friend got chicken parm and then we shared/split.  It was fast, good, and hit the mark.  Was about $45 a person after everything was said and done.  I posted some pix
5	I really love the pizza here. I like my with a very thin crust and this place has cracker thin crust - I LOVE it. Now if you like American style pizza - this is not the same FYI! I had the beef carpaccio before and that was really good too. The olives, parmigiano, and bread starter was soo yummy. I haven't tried much else, but I will definitely go here again for the pizza. I wish they had panna cotta for dessert  though... I'm so over tiramisu at every single Italian place.
3	First of all, the atmosphere and service is great.  No complaints at all...everything is solid in this category.The starters were the calamari, shrimp scampi, a soup, and the bread that is complimentary.  Calamari was very tender and fresh, shrimp scampi was probably the best I have had.  I really loved the sauce that they sat in, and super tender meat.  The soup was not extraordinary, and I would skip it next time around.  The bread was actually very good, and the pesto that comes out is a great touch.  We also asked for oil/vinegar.On to the main course...went with the spinach raviolis..was not extraordinary.  They weren't bad, but it was not great.  Plus, there was only 3 of them...no sides, no extras...2in raviolis left a lot to be desired.  I think I went wrong here, because the other people in my group had much more food on their plates and seemed more satisfied.For dessert, Nutella sandwiches....I for one, am the biggest nutella fan, and just because it had the name nutella on there, I ordered it.  Surprisingly, I was not blown away.  I am not sure if it was just the consistency of the mini sandwich, or if it's because the nutella wasn't super powerful in the mix, but I just wasn't crazy about it.  It was good, but not great.Overall, I would recommend this place if you are already inside Red Rock and craving Italian style food, but truthfully, I would recommend looking elsewhere if you want a memorable lunch/dinner.
5	I just had an amazing lunch at one of my favorite restaurants!  Samantha was my food server and she took very good care of me.   I wanted for nothing during her service.  I started with a glass of Jordan Chardonnay and I ordered a Caesar salad to start, Veal Marsala for my entree and a delectable Chocolate Molten Cake for dessert with a class of sandeman's 30 year port.     It makes me so Happy when I have such an enjoyable dining experience... This is why I adore Terra Rossa, because they never let me down and I always leave there with a content and satisfied feeling.  Most enjoyable indeed.  Thank you to Giuseppe the manager for the after dinner drink, Lemoncello, strong but very much appreciated.  Looking forward to my next visit in the very near future.    Thank you again and keep up the great work!!!! ;)
5	I will always remember my first visit to Terra Rossa... my boyfriend (now fiance) and I were celebrating our 3 year anniversary.  Fast forward FIVE YEARS LATER and we are still frequent diners.  We've been here for casual lunches, Christmas dinner, celebrations... you name it- this is our spot.Over the years we have come to know Giuseppe (the very friendly white haired and dashing man with the accent), as well as some of the servers (our favorite is Tony)!  I can see how this restaurant might not be impressive the first time around, but it takes finding the right menu items to suit your palette.  Terra Rossa is now open for lunch and the pricing is actually pretty good.  Dinner is a bit pricey, but well worth it.  Let me share some of our favorites:Tortiglioni Sausages: Delicious penne pasta, creamy tomato based sauce and the best ground sausage you will taste in your life.Margherita Pizza: Just try it.  (Ask for crushed red peppers to put on top!)Ossobucco: I've never ordered this myself, but I LOVE stealing bites off of my fiance's plate.  Super tender meat, cheesy risotto... and they give you one of those funny forks to pull the bone marrow out with (ick- not a fan of that part though).Cheesecake + Double Espresso: OMG.  You must order these two together and dip the cheesecake into the espresso.  So good!  Last time we were there, Tony gave us some raspberry liqueur to pour on top... that was delicious as well! My only gripe is that they stopped serving the zucchini chips!  Also, when they got a new chef a few months ago, I noticed that the sausage they were serving tasted a lot like cinnamon and fennel.  Other guest's noticed this too, and the chef changed it back to the old way which leads me to believe that they are very responsive to how their diners feel.  For fine dining, not only do I have a strong emotional connection to this restaurant, but so does my stomach!
3	The decor is beautiful. I recommend requesting a table near the double sided fireplace. If you dine on the outdoor patio you can also request a table near the fireplace. Service was friendly and attentive. We had an early dinner and there were not many diners which may have contributed to the short wait time for food. The complimentary bread, olives and cheese are a nice touch. The Shrimp Risotta comes with 4 jumbo shrimp. For my taste the shrimp were a little overcooked. However the risotta was wonderful, silky and cooked perfectly. The Chicken Piccata dinner included a large portion of chicken and was juicy and tender. The dinner includes spinach but you can substitute for another vegi or potato. OveralI I believe there are other Italian restaurants on the west side of Las Vegas that offer better value. The wines are also a little on the pricey side.
5	First of all I love the Red Rock Resort, it's so hip and trendy and beautiful. It's nice to go here instead of the strip because it is so refreshing.Terra Rossa is the Italian restaurant located inside. I really recommend the bolognese spagetti. It's amazing. I also recommend the appetizer that is basically like fried risotto and mozzarella cheese. (it starts with an A) The service was unbelievably good, wine was delicious, and of course the food gets and A plus from me.If you win big gambling, go there!
2	Food was good, not great.  Service was poor.  It took a while to get our food; the server offered Parmesan cheese for our entree and then never brought until we ask again when he returned 15 min later.  The last straw was the double charge for our meal to our resort account.
5	Nate is great behind the bar and made excellent recommendations on wine.  We also had some great appetizers that came out very quickly. The shrimp scampi was good but the carciofi grigliati was absolutely amazing. You've never tasted such a mouthwatering artichoke dish.
4	This was the second time I ate at Terra Rossa.  Had I been doing Yelp reviews the first time I was here, the number of stars would be less than this review.  I came here with friends from out of town who are staying at Red Rock.We got started with some rolls and a plate of cheese, zucchini crisps, and olives.  Some of our party wanted bread instead of the oil/balsamic dip and that was brought also.  One odd things was that when we said we didn't want to see a wine list, the wine glasses were removed but we were never asked about anything else to drink.  Instead we were served tap water which was fine but i do like iced tea with any meal.I was the only one who ordered an appetizer.  I got their tortellini in brodo, chicken tortellini in chicken broth with parmigiano reggiano cheese.  In addition, a server added some freshly ground pepper and some extra cheese.  The soup was very hot and was very, very good!For my main course, I got the ravioli di spinach, ravioli stuffed with spinach, ricotta, brown butter, and sage.  This, too, had extra cheese grated as I requested.  There were five good sized ravioli and the filling of spinach and cheese was quite good.  The brown butter made the dish even better tasting.  Around the table, one person got spaghetti, one got veal parmigiana, and one got something I can't remember.  All 4 of us were pleased with our meals.  Being Super Bowl Sunday and the game was in progress, we had the restaurant to ourselves except for one other table.  Service was excellent!  I'm glad I came back and gave the place a second look even if it has been at least 5 years since I was here.  I guess some things do get better with age!
5	Three of us just enjoyed lunch at Terra Rossa and again nothing but good news.  Our server was Samantha and she was outstanding.  Probably one of the friendliest servers I've encountered, so efficient and gracious.  Our bus person was just as friendly and helpful.  This is why I choose to frequent this restaurant again and again.  Thank you to the management for employing such amazing service in their staff.  We'll be back soon.
5	Excellent restaurant! A few notes -1. The spaghetti and meatballs is excellent. One of the best I've ever had. For those of you on Kosher/Halaal diets, the meatballs are all beef!2. The Bufalina pizza is outstanding. Enjoy all!
2	OMG this place is waaaay over priced.  WAY!   While I just rolled with our choice to take our friends here for dinner I was amazed at the prices for such simple dishes. We arrived late on Saturday night with empty bellies.  The bread basket came out and I must say it was pretty darn yummy.  Im a huge fan of bread.  Cheese crisps and warm dinner rolls.  I dont know about the complimentary platter as we were not served that.  For my meal I ordered Chicken Piccota.  This was just that a flattened chicken breast for $26.  It was good but knowing the price and what you got made it not taste as good as it should -if that makes sense and you would think there would be something to go with it but no it came with just chicken.  So for dinner I had bread and chicken.  Hmm.  Our friends ordered the Veal Parm $30 a plate.  It didnt look like much of a portion but they said it was good.  My BF ordered Tortiglioni Sausages which looked like pasta with a ground sausage sauce with peas.  He hated it and continued to eat most of mine.  The place is beautiful.  The waiter was stuffy.  The food wasnt impressive to have a $180 bill at the end of it.  Next time I spend that much on dinner I will be eating a steak and potato.  Thanks but no thanks Red Rock....we will stick to your other restaurants. ;)
4	Good food and great service. My wife and I dine here four times or so a year. Decent wine list and I like the caprese salad. Nice fish and pasta selection
2	Been here a dozen times, convenience driven mainly. After the last visit I realized there is a ton of great Italian that is also close to my house and more affordable. Terra Rosa has proven to be underwhelming, the food is "meh", the service is pitiful. My last meal I was longing for a Yard House pasta dish instead of my $20 tiny portion provided by Terra.  Too bad- I really wanted to love this place, heck I was happy tolerating it, sad when they can't even keep that low of an expectation.
3	Portions are a bit on the small side for how much they are priced. Starters are free with an assortment of bread and olive oil/vinegar, very good and not-too-salty olives, Parmesan, and zucchini crisps. Without these we would have been starving after eating the entrees. We got more olives and zucchini crisps without hassle. Aside from the smallish portions, the main food itself was very good, flavorful, and well cooked. The truffle mushroom risotto was to die for. Linguine was cooked al dente. The service started out great but then when they got busy we were ignored for a while and had to catch the server's attention again just so that we could get a box and check to leave, taking away some stars.
1	What an underwhelming dining experience! This was my first time EVER stiffing a waitress, the service was SO crappy that I honestly felt she should tip me for putting up with her for my meal. We arrived at July 18th around 7:10pm. We were greeted by a not-so-smiley hostess and seated at an extremely wobbly table. We sat unacknowledged for at least 5-8 minutes without being offered a menu, water, bread, ect. Once we were greeted, we let our server know that we had an 8:30 pm movie to catch. She took our drink orders, 5 minutes went by and then she came back to let us know they were out of Glenlivet  12, 18 and Glenfiddich Scotch. Acceptable, she doesn't do the liquor order... We picked new drinks; but when I finally got my margarita I immediately told her that I couldn't taste anything but straight sweet & sour. She laughed, kind of rolled her eyes and said she would get me more tequila. SHE DID NOT MENTION SHE WAS CHARGING ME FOR A PREMIUM TEQUILA SHOT! I have been a bartender on the strip for awhile now, so I know what a margarita should taste like. At this point, I looked around the restaurant. I took note that the people next to us had A BLACK PIZZA. I decided to avoid that entree and I mentioned to my bf that maybe we should just leave because I didn't see this place as improving. My menu was also inserted backwards, my place setting didn't have a napkin and our waitress seemed not interested in waiting on us. So maybe they just suck? 25 minutes into our meal we FINALLY got water & bread. Our orders were taken and we were placed. We don't see our server for awhile... 8:10 pm rolls around (20 mins until our movie) and we finally see our waiter. We ask her whats up. We say we are probably going to just have to skip the movie and she says "what, its only like 8pm?" She then smirked and walked over to the hostess stand... Wouldn't the right thing to do be go check on our food??? At this point, we are kind of frustrated because we feel we gave them plenty of time to cook a salmon and a piece of veal. 8:15 our food FINALLY arrives. We try to eat it super quick... Not exactly how you want to eat dinner... The food was decent. I felt my spinach was slightly over salted, but I ate it. My boyfriend liked his dish. We may actually have given this place a second try if our waitress wasn't so snotty and slow! We didn't have time for an app or dessert, Although you think an hour and a half would be enough time for a casual italian place?? She didn't offer my bf another scotch even though his was clearly gone... The surprise came when we got the bill. Our waitress had charged us for an extra patron shot... I was pretty furious. Why? Not because we cant afford to have as many shots of patron as we want, but because my margarita was absolutely wrong in the first place! AND the extra shot cost $12, somehow more than the margarita itself ($11). We asked to talk to a manager because we thought maybe he may want to know his server wasn't up to par; she wouldn't bring him over. SO we left. I would feel horrible for her support staff for not tipping, but to be honest I didn't see a busser or anything. They actually didn't pre-bus our bread plates or our cheese plates at all. I WONT BE BACK! Worse $100+ meal I have had in Vegas, and trust me I have had a lot. We have better service at the yard house. Heck, the Pinks Hotdog place is probably a better choice because at least their staff has some pride.  If you MUST eat here, at least make sure you don't get a short girl with a brown ponytail (Michelle)  as your server. Check total: $130.80Check #: 9143471
4	Good food, great staff, everything is made fresh including the pasta, a little pricey but it's in a casino so what do you expect?
5	So this place is pricy and when you look at the menu and see the price of lets say the Ravioli, I will tell you what, it was so good and so filling, the price was worth it.  We love this place and even though we do not go here as often as we would like, if given the chance, we would go here more often.  The service was awesome, from the drinks being delivered and refilled to the bread, olives and cheese, (TO DIE FOR) to the food....Like I said, the few times we have been here, we have NEVER been disappointed.  It is unfortunate it is across town for us and we don't get over there very often, but I will tell you what, you want a great meal, this is the place for it.I HIGHLY SUGGEST you go here if you have the time.  Lastly, I started this by saying it is a little pricy, well GOOD FOOD does not come cheap and I will tell you what???  For two meals with appetizer and drinks, the total bill was NOT MORE then what you would pay for a meal at Cheesecake Factory.  We have had meals that were good but NOT AS GOOD as here for the same price or more.GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY....
3	I was on a date and was in Red Rock casino deciding what to eat, we came across Terra Rossa and decided to try this place. This place was nice and clean but I thought the service would be a little better since they where not that full. I think this place was over priced since we both decided on the salmon and the bill was $100 - the portions where OK and we didn't even have wine with dinner. Our waitress only came by once and when we where ready to leave, I had to finally flag someone down. The salmon was good and had a nice flavor, I just expected a little more for what I paid for, I don't think I would go back because I have been to nicer Italian restaurants for a lot better price
4	We had a social on the outdoor patio. Ordered some wine and small plates. Andrea, manager, was amazing at accommodating our last minute changes, he suggested wine and food. Our waiter, Radu, was also very helpful and attentive. Pizza was good, calamari was fresh and crisp, most of the rest of the apps were also good, just cant remember them with all the wine. It is not cheap, but service was great.
4	It's been a few years since we've dined at Terra Rossa.  We decided to come give it a try to see if we liked it as much as when we lived in Vegas.  We decided to order:Affettati (Italian Meats, Mustard, Peppadews, Arugula, Basil Tapenade, Fig preserves) $15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/terra-rossa-las-vegas?select=yR9bkEM9PYqYwDfTWycGmg#yR9bkEM9PYqYwDfTWycGmgPasta e Fagioli, $7http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/terra-rossa-las-vegas?select=F1saafD2elzKOhagp4AoTg#F1saafD2elzKOhagp4AoTgSpaghetti Polpette (Tomato Sauce, Parmesan, Butter, Beef-Ricotta Meatballs), $18http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/terra-rossa-las-vegas?select=R5xNvIC-aq1dbR1JKCresg#R5xNvIC-aq1dbR1JKCresgTartufo E Funghi Risotto (Black Truffle, Wild Mushrooms), $29http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/terra-rossa-las-vegas?select=wDQk-F5dJuvhK0hRpNWLmQ#wDQk-F5dJuvhK0hRpNWLmQThe Affettati appetizer was very good, but the portion is large, even for 2 people...if you decide to get it, I recommend 3 or 4 sharing unless you are eating a light entree.The Pasta e Fagioli was awesome! I forgot how much I loved it until I took the first bite.The Better Half had the Black Truffle and Wild Mushroom Risotto and I was lucky enough to get a few bites out of her dish....it was simply amazing!  The Black Truffle has a very sharp and distinct flavor that makes your taste buds dance for joy....yum!I had the Spaghetti Polpette, which was also good, but not as awesome as the Risotto.  The Meatballs were great and the pasta was cooked al dente, which is the right way to cook pasta....they get bonus points with me for that.Service the night we were there was a bit spotty.  We had to flag our server down to get us more Wine and our check when we were ready to leave.  He was a bit inattentive.  The food made up for it though, so it gets a solid 4 Stars.Return Factor - 95%
5	Looking for a romantic night out then try this place.  Amazing atmosphere.  Beautiful patio with a fireplace.  Awesome waitstaff.  The Lasagne is the best in town.
2	I can see why this was the only restaurant at Red Rocks without a wait. Most bland Italian food I've ever had. You can certainly tell who the VIPs are they get exceptional service if you're not a VIP service is very normal.
3	This place is only ok.  I've eaten here several times and it's always the same - small portions and poor service.  The place has a nice romantic atmosphere and the food tastes ok I suppose.  But it is hard to get over how small the portions are and how often your server disappears.  If you order a pasta dish there is a HIGH chance you will be hungry after unless you are a waif or child.  Honestly they send coupons sometimes - this is the only way I would ever go back.  For a WAYYY better value and frankly food that is also good (albeit with a smaller menu) try pasta cucina at palace station.  Or if you want a high end italian experience that is only slightly more expensive NOVE at the palms blows this place away.
5	My wife and I went here for our anniversary dinner while we were in Vegas and staying at the red rock. We loved it! we sat at a nice quite table and enjoyed really good high quality food. It was a bit pricey but what isn't in Vegas! Enjoyed my experience beyond compare. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a special dinner.
2	This is one of the restaurants in the red rock resort. From outwards appearances it is your standard upscale place.Nicely decorated,white table cloths etc. Oh and a hot hostess(gotta have that :). anyways...our waitress was very nice..i asked her to pick me out a glass of cabernet 15 dollar range (wasnt crazy about the selection,but thats the chance you take when you ask someone to choose) Ceasar salad was bland and pretty flat tasting. My guest had the veal salta (something). I thought it was bland and flavorless,mushy texture to the veal. I had the chicken with artichokes...it was unimaginative and needed a binder like a rice or maybe over pasta....there were very few artichokes and it was basically chicken breast chunks..uninspiring. all this for 93.00 which i didnt have to pay for because it was comped. However,if i did need to pay I would have not been thrilled and in general i wasnt impressed. As a side note,i noticed that a lot of the staff kept congregating around the bar and were sitting there chin wagging....that is a huge no-no in a place that wants to be known as upscale. If your not doing anything go fold napkins or clean station..or even better ..check in on your customers needs. This is just another uninspiring experience at a casino resort that just doesn't get the bigger picture. If this were my place there would be a total refurbish of the menu and staff edicate.
1	EWWWW!! This place WAS good now its complete CRAP! I cant believe I spent $150 here last night. I got the filet mignon, the waiter tried to warn me that it was a "pounded" filet I was like ummmm ok ill give it a go :( I shouldn't try to be so bold especially because everyone who likes steak knows you shouldn't need to tenderize a $60 filet! Considering I have been there 3 times I only liked it the first time, every other time has been a disappointment and this time was the last time I will ever go there. The service is sub par the cooking is mediocre at best. I feel like sizzler could have made me a far better steak for way less. If you wanna spend around $150 for two people try Mastros or Mortons if you have more money to throw around definitely try cut or Delmonico.
4	We ate dinner at Terra Rossa on a Saturday night.  They were able to accommodate our party of 5 immediately, which was appreciated since we didn't have reservations.  We were not brought the initial appetizers that others received and we received when we dined at Terra Verde at GVR a few days earlier.  I don't know if Terra Rossa was out or if they don't offer that anymore.  We did get a very full bread basket which had a tomato focaccia that was excellent.  This was a type of bread that was not offered at Terra Verde and we all enjoyed it.Our server assisted us with our wine order.  I don't know if there's no sommelier on staff at Terra Rossa, but we got 2 good wines that the table enjoyed.  To start, we split the arancini and fried calamari.  I enjoyed the calamari, but it was pretty basic; fried and served with flavorful marinara sauce.  It certainly was good, but didn't stand out among versions of this dish I've had.  The arancini, on the other hand, was fantastic.  Arancini is an Italian ball of rice that is coated in breadcrumbs and fried.  The arancini at Terra Rossa are conical and filled with mozzarella and served with marinara on the side.  These were delicious.  The special the evening we ate at Terra Rossa was ravioli stuffed with chopped filet and parmesan cheese, served with the osso bucco sauce and porcini mushrooms.  3 of the 5 people at our table ordered this, including my wife, so that meant I got to try it.  This was fantastic, full of beef and cheese and it went very well with the osso bucco sauce.  My wife's was a little dry, but they brought her some additional sauce very quickly.  I had the veal osso bucco, a large veal shank roasted for hours and served with risotto.  This was a great version of this dish, fork tender with a rich brown gravy.  Veal osso bucco is one of my favorite Italian dishes, and this version did not disappoint.  We had a great evening overall.  Service was good, although it took a bit for us to get water and napkins at the beginning of the evening.  Good food with a solid wine list, recommended.
1	We had high expectations for Terra Rossa.  So much in fact that I planned my wife's birthday dinner there.  I called the manager, spoke to her and then followed up with an email confirmation for the party.  The manager followed with a response and confirmation via email.  When we showed up with the other 18 members of the party they had no history of the booking.  Luckily I had my phone and showed them the email.  After multiple conversations with the manager (not the one that made the booking) I was told the original manager denied ever contacting me.  Then after 1.5 hours of waiting we were finally seated.  When I asked what would be comped for our trouble, the response was nothing.  A member at my table decided to had this part of the negotiations for me.  We ended up getting three bottle of white wine for free.  It was better than nothing, but not once did a manager apologize for their mistake.  In fact the vibe I received from them was it was my fault and I was inconveniencing them.  Taylor who was the greeter was the only apologetic person there.  The food was good, but not spectacular enough to put up with what we did.  I am a local and I can say I will never come back to this restaurant and will tell everyone with pleasure not to go there either.  This includes 18 other locals who attended.  Great job Terra Rossa, your business ethics suck and need significant work.  Good job to Taylor and our waiter though.
2	We had dinner here last night as live close to Red Rock Casino and had a coupon to try Terra Rossa.  They are "known" for their meatballs and homemade ricotta so of course, I want to try these items!  The bread basket and olives they bring out in the beginning is nice, the restaurant looks nice, but for an Italian restaurant, the music sounds like it is more Asian than anything Italian.  I ordered the cheese ravioli with a side of meatballs and my husband ordered the rigatoni with spicy sausage and tomato cream sauce.  The food comes out SUPER quickly which was a little of a red flag for me but we went with it.  Upon the food being placed in front of us, my husband's dinner had a whopping two crumbles of sausage in his entire bowl of pasta...and there are the peas in it that he ordered NOT to have, so back it goes.  Meanwhile, I take a slow bite of meatball and ravioli while waiting on his food.  Meatball is not bad, a little dry, but not bad.  The cheese raviolis on my plate, all 4 of them, look deflated.  As if they had boiled them for so long that the filling just disappeared.  I opened one up with my fork to even see if there is filling inside, remember that "homemade ricotta" I mentioned?  That is what is supposedly inside my ravioli but there is only a trace of it so I cannot fairly evaluate the taste of the homemade ricotta to tell you.  What I can tell you is the tomato sauce on my ravioli brought back memories of when I would visit a friends house as a kid and her mom would serve us Chef Boy-R-Dee.  NO flavor, no seasoning, just tomato....bland, tart, tomato.  We agreed that we have found better Italian elsewhere.  And, Red Rock has some great restaurants there, but this is not one that I would recommend.  I am very happy that we had a coupon as otherwise, I would be really upset if I had paid that total bill for what was served to us.  I also did not care for the servers to wear jeans!  I as the patron should be able to wear jeans, but if a restaurant presents themselves as upscale, WHY would your servers wear jeans??? Mixed messages with music and attire for what this restaurant wants to be.  It is a nice looking place so I gave it two stars, perhaps go in and have a drink at their lovely bar, but save dinner for another dining option.
1	Service & food was just AWFUL. came in 4th of july weekend and we almost missed firework show after sitting at this restaurant waiting foreverrrr for them to make what they called food, i called it disguisting and would not eat it. They could tell i was on my last nerve after this experience and they didnt charge us for the meal. So we had to run from the restaurant to the firework display which we were late. We didnt miss the fireworks but i was still starving and we ended up going through a drive thru just to get something in our empty tummies. Ill never go here again. I cringe everytime i walk by it inside the red rock casino
1	Well this place used to have good food, but not anymore.  My chicken was tougher than leather, bland and flavorless.  My husbands's filet was pounded to a paper thin piece of meat... Who does that.  The bread basket was good, and that was about it.  $200 for paper filet, leather chicken, and a couple of drinks.... Don't eat here. Overrated and way over priced.
5	My boyfriend and I eat here every Saturday night at the bar. Love the olives, cheese and zucchini chips that start off our meal with a bottle of wine.The portions are huge so we always share a dish. We're big fans of the Shrimp Risotto, Spinach Ravioli and Chicken PiccataAnd our bartender Logan always makes sure we're taken care of, and everything is good with our food!!Sadly, in the next few months they will be closing the restaurant for remolding and changing the name when re-opened. My boyfriend and I will need to find a new Italian spot to hold us over until it re-opens
3	Service was ok. Waiter was not educated about veganism. Disappointing at this day in age.Carpaccio I would not recommend but shrimp appetizer was very tasty.Fish special was recommended by staff. It was very good however there was no consistency of heat across the plate. Vegetables were cold.
3	The only reason I did not give the restaurant 4 stars is because the service was slow, and well, not that great.  The pasta (spaghetti bolognese) was really good and the wine was average.I have been here 2 other times and it still gets 3 stars. Great pasta, yet ok wines and sadly, not the best service.
1	I'm so tired of saying "This restaurant USED TO BE...." great, good, my favorite...blah, blah.  It's happening more and more often, especially for locals.  One problem with living in such a busy tourist destination, is that , when a restaurant goes downhill, no one seems to care because some unsuspecting tourist (and non-Yelper), strolls by , looks at a menu and goes in. Hook!  We have been there at least a dozen times and thoroughly enjoyed the food...until tonight.We were seated promptly; we had reservations. We did notice, however, the lack of any discernible 'crowd', which is unusual for this restaurant. It 'used to be' very popular and always crowded. Not tonight, a bad sign for 7:15 on a Saturday night.  They now offer special nightly pastas, and of course, my favorite, spaghetti ala carbonara, which 'used to be' exceptional here, was not offered on Saturday. My husband and I ordered the Genova  salad (whatever that is) to split.  The proportion of vinegar to oil was overwhelmingly off, so much so that I didn't finish it. It came promptly, along with our bread and our cocktails. Wow...good service?  I would like to have enjoyed at least a sip of my drink first! Our waiter pressed us for our entree order and we said we hadn't decided yet...he looked annoyed, left, but then circled like a vulture for the next 20 minutes.  We finally had to call him back, once we were ready; he never came back to check. It was like he was purposely waiting for us to have to ask. I inquired if the chef might consider making the carbonara, even though it was not scheduled for that night and was immediately told 'no', never offering to check, so I settled on the fusilli with pesto. (For those of you who cook, you know that carbonara is pretty much a no-brainer to make and every professional Italian kitchen would have the ingredients on hand any night.)  My husband ordered spaghetti and meatballs.  I tried his as soon as it arrived and the meatballs were decent and there were four, a generous portion.  My fusilli, however, was tasteless and boring.....no seasoning and very bland.  The pesto was dry and there seemed to be no salt on anything.  I had my husband try it, since I like things well-seasoned  but he shared my opinion. By then, I was so annoyed and just wanted the meal to end.  We didn't even take our leftovers, which for us, is unheard of.  Bottom line, they are closing for a couple of months for a renovation (please renovate the chef, too!) but don't bother....if you like good Italian food, you're sure to be disappointed.
4	This place was mid-range price wise of the nicer places. The servings were HUGE, the wait staff was high class and attentive. It was surprisingly amazing Italian food. The Capellini Pomodoro was to die for, and I had leftovers for a day after! A nice romantic ambiance with fireplaces and dim lighting. Try this place for a nice night in this hotel at moderate price and superb service
5	We arrived Saturday night and the place looked not too crowded and was very appealingAt at the bar where Isaac took great care of us. He was very attentive to our needs and helpful in recommendations . We ordered the Burrata cheese and was it ever so good. Along with that I had the Barbaresco red wine; great vintage. To follow was their lasagne and I cannot recommend this high enough. The noodles were soft and light and thin. The sauce not over powering and just right amount of cheese . This is EXACTLY how it's made n the best kitchens in Italy!We'd then ordered a pizza fir taste because we were full but wanted more. Again, just like Italy with thin crust but tasty More wine with this tooNo doubt : this is a first rate , great tasting Italian restaurant that I'll be back to again
3	Shut down as of Sunday 7/6/14 -- just confirmed with the Red Rock staff. It has gone the way of its sister restaurant Terra Verde. The food and portions were fine, but the price point was entirely too high for what it was.
