5	Great authentic Pakistani food. Food is good, reasonably priced and the taste is excellent. The food is spiced one way, the original way. If you want something mild, better stick with the tandoori chicken and ask for it mild or  a chicken roll, do not ask for medium, as medium means something completely different to this cuisine.Wonderful halim and nahari, (it is spicy and hot and no it does not come mild). If you want sudo Indian/Pakistani food try some other place, but if you want something really good then this is the place. This is a popular joint, Saturdays evenings are crowded, but worth the wait.
3	Best Indian/Pakistani food ever. They will make almost anything mild or medium, but medium should be called hot. The spices is rich and flavorful. The food always comes out hot and fresh. The naan is still warm when you get it.
4	Shahi Palace is entirely devoid of atmosphere. Most patrons seem to prefer to eat in their cars, or at home. We chose the dine-in option, and are no worse for the wear (though I am still puzzling over the locker room aesthetic of the bathroom).I was most impressed with the naan and the salt lassi. The salt lassi is full of cumin seeds, by the way. It was not as salty as one I had in New Jersey, but that's OK. The naan was nicely charred without being burnt to a crisp. If only I could achieve the same result in my home toaster. The raita was pretty good, too; nice and sour.I liked our entrees. The chicken jalfrazi was certainly spicy (not hot), but a little too much oil. There was also a paneer that worked well.Really, at $28 for this stuff, it's hard to go too wrong. Apparently, though, I might have tried a chicken roll. Those were selling fast.
5	Don't judge this place by its cover. You have plenty of high end Indian restaurants in Montreal with fancy decors but this is where you will get the taste of India. The food is rich in perfect blend of Indian spices and tastes delicious. You can ask them to make it more or less spicy to accommodate your taste palate. A good friend of mine told me to try out their famed "Chola Bhatura", a dish comprising of spicy chick peas and it was finger licking good. Plus, it is not pricey. I should have tried their Lassi though. Well, I will leave that for the next time since I am definitely going back.
5	The chicken rolls are killer. Everything is good here.
3	Review is only based on the chicken rolls which I found were very bland and tasteless. Was getting some to go and one of my friends wanted to eat one while sitting there waiting and they wanted to charge $5 for him to be able to eat it inside. That is very poor customer service. Will try again because I've heard from the inlaws that the food is good but Lahori Karhai has much better chicken rolls.
5	This place is high on my list whenever I'm in Montreal.  The food is incredibly tasty (Chicken Tikka, Palak's of various kinds, curries).  The portions are not huge, which is a plus to me: I'd rather have quality than quantity and the prices are more than reasonable for what you get.Thanks to whoever posted the menu in yelp; incredibly useful as it seems to be the only web-accessible menu.
5	My family and I grew up eating Shahi take-out. The folks at Shahi knows us well, my sisters are obsessed with Indian cuisine. Shahi has never disappointed our curry cravings. We rarely eat at the resto but they have a dozen tables, service is good most importantly food is yummy.
3	Shahi Palace is another enigma. The food we had was absolutely delicious. On food alone, this is 5 stars, easily. However....Portion size was inconsistent. Our bowl of Chicken Tikka Masala was full of chicken while the butter chicken bowl looked more like soup. 7 small pieces of chicken just isn't enough. I mentioned this to 2 of the workers (owner?) and they just stared at me blankly. No comment? Odd.  Service, in general, was non-existant. I don't care how good the food is, if there's no service, you're nothing special. Shahi Palace has zero atmosphere, and to even use to word decor to describe this place would be misleading, as there is none. So, 5 stars for the food, 2 for the environment, 2 for the service. Extremes have their place, but not in food service. And it's such a shame, because this might be the best butter chicken I've ever eaten. I virtually licked the bowl clean - and that was a lot of sauce.
