5	Let me just tell you... if buying a wig for an exciting night of Big Hair Bingo weren't enough the little Korean guy that runs this store is a hoot.All of the famous (I use this term very loosely) drag queens in Phoenix buy their wigs from Panorama.  I spent a little more than I would have spent at a costume shop for my wig, but it is a high quality synthetic hair that will last a long time.This is in what I would call an up and coming part of the city... be sure to stop by and support this great local biz.
5	Oh little Korean woman, how I love you so.  You are absolutely adorable and did not realize that the man wig I was looking for was for me.  I absolutely loved the look on your face when you realized I was going to be dressing as a man for Halloween.  I know you cater to all the drag queens, but I guess you are not used to it being the other way around.  Nevertheless you were extremely helpful and took no time at all to pick out the perfect Charlie wig.  You even showed me how to put it on, all while laughing in disbelief that I would hide all my pretty hair and try to doll it up like a man.  Prices were great for the quality of hair that you are buying, and they have all this fabulous costume jewelry and eyelashes to complete the drag queen look.  I will definitely hit this place up when going to a theme party.
5	great average $40 wigs.I wore it to "big party".
5	Okay, I have some explaining to do. My best friend and I are going to an EVENT this weekend to celebrate her birthday. She came up with the awesome idea of getting all crazy and wearing wigs. .....I thought "FUN" and wholeheartedly  agreed !!! ........Now she wants me to keep this wig thing a secret so strictly poker face here. After reviewing Yelp, I told her I had the perfect place to find some cool wigs. I drove us around the block three times, literally . With this little 1970's wig boutique being on Central Ave , it's not exactly easy to access. Finally, I found a  small  alley and pulled in the back. (please see the picture). I knocked on the door with the microscopic signage that says "Wigs" and out popped a tiny Asian woman who whisked us inside.We walked into wig heaven. Every length , every color. I couldn't stop laughing. Rows and rows of wigs. I was a little startled at how the owner was so protective of her wigs. She made us sit down and only one person at a time could try one on. She  said " Are you going to buy a wig today"? I smiled and said NO..........we are going to buy TWO !!!Although the parking was atrocious ( one star), the service was abrubt and  rushed ( two stars), we ultimately found our perfect wigs for the reasonable price of $35 each the best part,  I'm still cracking up!!! (that's worth five stars in of itself!) Overall, I would rate this shopping experience a  solid five ! Have a great weekend ! Gaga..........Oh-la-la
1	not good place
