5	This is the hidden AJ's.  Not just anyone can come here.  You can't even see the sign from the street unless you're going really slowly and/or not paying attention to the road.  And even then it's further back enough that you can't tell exactly where to turn in or where the entrance is located.  Once you've found it, the side entrance and the low ceilings just add to the mystique.  I swear this location is actually darker than other locations as well.And I will say - not even the one in Paradise Valley has quite the same feeling as this location.  There is something extra special here.  It's not just me.  Folks I used to work with felt the same way.Best meat quality in the valley will always be found at AJ's. Bar none.  And it's right at the top of the list for produce as well.  For everything in their aisles that's non-alcoholic you'll find a great selection of new and different fare right next to the mundane.  But the mundane is at FULL price like you've never even seen at normal stores.   And don't expect to see a sale any time soon.  Oh yea, they get ya. Because while you're in there to get your 2-3 things for a special dinner, you end up also remembering to get mustard, Wheat Thins and a 2 liter of soda and that's an extra $10 here whereas at another store it might be $5.  So bring a list to only get what you came for - and don't forget to wear your dark sunglasses so you too can be oh-so-cool in the super exclusive AJ's.
1	This is probably the most awful AJ's ever, strictly because of the awful Boulangerie manager and staff. They're the least genuine counter staff ever. I get being nickel-and-dimed about things, that never really bothers me. But the attitude, oh god the attitude. The incompetence is just as bad. I get the same thing, all the time. Iced honey soy latte. I give them the packets of honey, and it doesn't matter who, every. single. time, they tell me that the honey won't melt in the ice.Think about that.Go ahead.I bet if we all put our thinking caps on, we could find a really wonderful solution to this problem. LIKE ADD HOT LIQUID TO MELT IT? Duh? This place is retarded. So I tell them what to do and sometimes they do it. Or sometimes they take on an air and just leave the honey solidly and complacently cemented to the bottom of the damn cup.Oh, and they add corn syrup to the seaweed at the sushi bar. That's bad juju.
1	My friend kept telling me how good their lunches are... I tried it, but it didn't do anything for me.  The sandwich tasted like something you can get at Safeway, but twice the price.  For being called a Purveyor of Fine Foods, I expected the food to taste like not just any ordinary sandwich. What I had:Ham, cheese with portobello mushrooms on a panini with 2 sides of pasta, one was parmesan and the other was macaroni. Maybe it was the panini bread. I think the parmesan pasta was made there, but I know for sure the macaroni was not made there, it tasted like something I had at a picnic which was in a carton. It wasn't anything to brag home about. I found out the head chef made my sandwich... keep him in the kitchen and away from the customers, no personality whatsoever. I asked for his suggestion, and his reaction was "anythings good." Normally, when I go to AJ's, I go for their desserts. Their desserts are fabulous and you can get individual servings at a reasonable price.  I can take an assortment home and have them for later. Our company does use them for their catering and I've had many compliments on their dishes, but pass on the lunches.
4	Coming here, I'm reminded of the feeling I would get in elementary school when I would excitedly look at the lunch menu and find out that it's chicken fried steak day.It can be a little pricey but you can't beat the selection. Albonidgas soup? Fish tacos? LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE?? Hell yes!I've never had a problem with the staff, the sandwich-maker dude is always super friendly and patient. In fact, I feel more sorry for them for having to do deal with the demanding yuppie scum that the place is crawling with. I was here this morning grabbing some coffee and the line seemed to consist entirely of crabby old ladies.Despite the crowd, I love AJ's! If only they served chicken fried steak...
5	All I can say is don't think you're going to pop in and out because all you need is an onion.  And don't bother coming unless you just got paid.  Because if you're anything like me, that onion will cost you about $80 by the time you leave.Because AJ's is so pricey, you won't see my buying paper towels and cat litter here.  But you will find an assortment of cheeses, pastries, or whatever else I can't live without in my basket.  Their meat department is far superior to any supermarket I've been in.  And the produce always looks picture perfect.The staff is always exceptionally friendly and helpful.  Unfortunately, I can't say the same for many of the snotty patrons you may encounter.  Don't let that deter you from the experience.  And, oh yea, don't forget the onion.
5	Yo, this is my favorite AJ's here. If you gots a beef with the prices then go somewhere else. Actually, the prices aren't any higher than Safeway, they just carry better, and more expensive for them to buy, products. They have been great to me as far as ordering Rambutans when I have a whim or a craving. The sandwich counter is awesome, and I love the slices of pizza that are as big as my head. The drink counter is stellar and they brew China Mist iced teas. Every once in a while the Prickly Pear flavor comes up and I'm so so so happy. This store is much larger than the Scottsdale/Lincoln location, and the service here is friendlier than that location as well. Shot out to Gerri at the floral counter, she is teriffic, as well as the produce manager who takes care of me every time. You guys rock!
4	I must admit, I'm more of a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market guy (due to the economy), but I had a great time shopping at AJ's. Every single item on the shelves is of the highest quality. For Valentines day, because I'm so bad at picking out girly gifts, I let my girlfriend go on a shopping spree at the chocolate counter (among other things)...I'd go back once in a while, but did grimace at the checkout counter when I forked over $125 for three bags of crap...I guess it's back to mayonnaise sandwiches at Neighborhood Market.
5	FOR PHX..Im giving this place a 5... I grew up with these gourmet shops in Cali.. and then lived by Wegmans in DC.. but Love LOVE AJ's for its wine and cheese department... and if I need a petit four... they have them too.. those are a bit hard to find in the Southwest... They have the fondue I had in Switzerland... I mean, seriously, Im pretty impressed.... and that is hard to do.. :-)
4	So I have always had an addiction to salad bars but never trusted the quality nor the people at all-you-can-eat salad bars... talk about scary.This is why I have come to be addicted to AJs.  I love love their salad bar.  There are a nice variety of salad toppings and it is very reasonably priced.  I can yaer on cottage cheese, bacon, noodles, and even some imitation crab meat too while I'm at it!   I also love their fresh soups too.I have been a loyal customer to AJ's seafood grotto, which always has the exact fresh fish I need for my cooking experiments but now I'm realizing just how great the rest of the AJ's store is as well.This location is a little bit hidden but it is well worth it.  They employees are beyond helpful and rarely will you ever have to wait in line!
4	This location is perfect for so many reasons:  great salad/soup bar, fresh sushi counter, outdoor seating, helpful employees, great variety of everything.  Wondering about the 5th star?  Competitive pricing is not one of their strong suits.  After Harmony's yoga class today at the Village, I walked over to get a bite to eat.  Had the Chicken Noodle soup, delish!  And I met a yogi from the class, Lori (I swear, I wasn't following her.) They carry only high quality foods, alcohol and well, everything.
4	Really nice produce and specialty items entice you to spend your nest egg here and blow you college savings fund before Johnny is eligible to attend the state school.This place is like Whole Foods, with a emphasis on local specialty items and some global foods. I saw some nice sakes, beers, and liquors from afar on the shelf. You could put together a gourmet meal here, no problem. Just bring your wallet and don't tell Johnny he is going to have to  work through college.  : )
3	4 - Stars for the salad bar, beer and wine selection, and decent sushi, but I am deducting a star because I have to walk through the baked goods to get my salad and squeeze by the tennis moms lunching.  OK, the last one not AJ's fault, but that first one is.I am a salad bar snob, in fact check out my review of Whole Foods on Tatum if you don't believe me.  This salad bar passes the test.  Good selection, 3 types of lettuce, healthy looking chickpeas, and nice variety.  They are missing tofu, but I can live.  My average salad runs about $8.  Yes, I know I can make it at home for $4 or less, but are you going to go grocery shopping for me and wash and cut my vegetables?AJ's also has a great selection of wine, beer, and alcohol.  More things I can't have (at lunch at least).  Also has a  good coffee and tea aisle and tasty soups (for those 3 "cold" months).  Can't say it's great for daily shopping, I'd stick to Safeway for that, but it has some hard to find higher end items.It's great to have a place within reach of work where I can actually get something healthy and good  for lunch, as opposed to the "5 extra pounds in your gut, but oh so tasty" Paradise Bakery.  But even PB places the cookies at the end of the line.  Why must I walk by the cookies on my way to the salad bar and then back again when I go to the register?  Damn you AJ's!  It's not my fault I don't have any will power.But today, I didn't get a cookie...so there!
4	AJs Fine Food is a place where I only go if I have a specific need. My need is usually a gigantic iced tea on my way to work when it's 147 degrees outside in this Arizona summer. They usually have several different flavors to wet your pallet and I recommend them all. Other times I will go for a delicious sandwich from their deli department. The chunky chicken salad is amazing! It has to be the chunky one though, the regular one isn't so much. They offer a choice of side that can be chips, or anything from their deli case like bow tie pasta salad, Greek salad, couscous, cottage cheese and so on. They have all kinds of fun imported beer, lots of wine and usually someone that can help you pick out the perfect bottle to pare with your meal. The last time I was in this store was for Mother's Day and I needed to grab some flowers for my grandmother, aunt and of coarse Mom. I wandered around the cooler for a few minutes and then emerged with a few selections. The florist there was so helpful and even offered to re-wrap them for me to give them an extra touch. Everyone loved them. Note, park in the back lot at this one, behind Wally's and MomBomb, not off of Camelback, less crowded and easier to get in and out of the parking lot off of 44th.
4	First of all, the sushi counter is incredible.  Really!  I don't know what it is, but those guys win at sushi.  Everything is super fresh and well-prepared.  The prices are pretty average, but they cut them down a little bit every day between 2:30 and 4:00 or something like that.  The guys are friendly, but they'll give you shit if you sit down at 2:15 and expect the lower prices.  As for groceries, watch out.  I think some of that stuff just doesn't move and ends up sitting on the shelf for too long.  I have gotten things home only to find that they taste strange and are clearly old.  Also, the prices are always absolutely unreasonable, even with common items that can be had anywhere.  Service is always great, though.  The people are friendly and efficient.
5	I am frequently at this location because of their $4.99 Lunch sandwich special. It appears to be location exclusive as Thompson Peak and FLW, Central & Camelback to name a few do not have such special. Oh yeah, and a drink included and your choice of side? I think so!
5	Need fig preserves? They've got it. Fennel? It's beautifully packed on ice and extremely fresh in the produce department. Need boneless pork loin roast from the blade end? The butcher has your back. Duck fat? Just take a peek in the freezer section. Sometimes, it's the little things that normally go unnoticed that gets you five stars...AJ's closed early the other night in lieu of the holidays and I ran around to FOUR different stores looking for something as simple as whole grain mustard and fennel. I came up empty handed on both items. I say "simple" items - but it's amazing when you rely on a grocer like this as much as I do and realize that most items are out of reach otherwise. AJ's carries practically anything my culinary desires could ask for!Although I had to wait a day to go shopping again and to make the recipe i was wanted, it was during my adventures to the 4 stores that I realized how much I truly appreciate this grocer. How is it I can get wireless internet via laptop on the I-10 freeway courtesy of my phone company, but can't find fennel within a 10 mile radius?This my friends, is why I love AJ's. And as someone who watches America's Test Kitchen as though it were food porn, I can say that any other grocer doesn't stand a chance against Eddie Bashas' high end store.You truly do get what you pay for. For all the employees at AJ's I say "THANK YOU!!" for the great service you provide and the products you offer.
5	Its my neighborhood 7-11 where I just want to leave the car running so I can run in and run out.  Grab the sushi, cookies, rib eye, China Mist ice tea and 1/2 pound of the buffalo breast tenders for my salad. Meat counter is always awesome and so is the brick oven pizza by the slice. Some of the best pizza in town.Selected $$ because it really depends on what you get. John
4	I'm clearly more of a Food City consumer than an AJ's gal, but this place succeeds in making me feel like I not only can, but should splurge on a five dollar loaf of bread to go with the homemade soup I just whipped up for pennies. I can deal with the prices because this place is perfect for the occasional uber-specialty ingredients that I can't get anywhere else. Edible flowers for crystallizing, espresso powder for my meat rubs, fancy pants mushrooms, high quality chocolate, duck fat, mangosteens outside of an Asian grocer, the works. It's also really great for picking up a couple of super fancy high end shots of liquor in the airplane bottles. Perfect for a cheapazoid like me that wants the occasional dash of St. Germain or Chambord but sure as hell isn't going to buy the whole bottle!I've never encountered any sass here from any of the staff either, even when I show up looking like a barely thrown together trash person.
5	This is the iced tea to beat: a huge cup of yummy passionfruit iced tea for $0.65 when you have the $4 AJs plastic cup and aren't contributing to landfill waste. All refills are $0.65 cents. Where are the AJs in SF? I LOVE this passionfruit tea. The other standout I've discovered in the store is the guacamole. OMG. Note: this is the guac with the black AJs label, not some brand-name guac that's shipped in from places unknown. The amazing avocado mixture is made in-store on the weekends (my mom thinks it's one employee's home recipe). It's expensive, but don't balk at the $6 small container or $10 large container... just try it once. It has big chunks of peppers and tomatoes and all sorts of veggies that give it great consistency and kick. My little sister and I got addicted to its spicy, fresh goodness and went through about a gallon of it in the week we were home. We looked like addicts, scrounging around for change to add to the guac fund... then waiting for Friday. Now I'm back in CA and NEED A GUACAMOLE FIX. DOES ANYONE HAVE THAT RECIPE?*sob*
5	Sadly I forget how close I live to this AJ's. Typically I'll pick up groceries at Whole Foods, Costco, or even the Safeway that's close to us. But for the Super Bowl, I wanted to get some smaller portioned appetizers and deli foods without sacrificing quality. (Lightbulb moment -- I remembered AJ's.)They had quite a spread of various choices perfect for game day. The meatballs... oh my god. Picked up a palmier for me in the bakery - - which was delicioso and perfect in every way (sans the calories and sugar content). Turned back around to the deli and got some sliced salami..... wonderful pepper jack cheese. Up now to the dairy area to find some dips, and went with an awesome local made Tzatziki. Went over to the produce and got some carrots and celery. But... made a last pit stop in the wine section. Wow. How awesome -- they had a sommelier on hand, helping me select the exact wine, taste, quality, price range that I was looking for. I soooo appreciated that! He confirmed my choice and really helped me. That was awesome. Off to the check-out experience - - and wow, what a friendly check-out lady!! Clearly she loves working here, and it was such a treat to be respected as a customer. (Whether she knows she did that or not -- I believe that is just how she treats all customers. But it really did affirm why it was alright to spend maybe, just a wee bit more.)Customer service is everything these days. I think I'll find another time, very soon, to shop here again.
5	Great beer and wine selection for AJ's, and very helpful staff with beer and wine.  Parking is decent too as long as the Village dbags don't park in the AJ's lot, like they're not supposed to do.  Lots of cougars here.
4	Shopping at AJ's always gives me a sense of entitlement, a feeling that I'm cooler than everyone that shops at Fry's or Safeway. Then I get to the checkout. It's amazing how quickly you can spend your money here. When I do shop at AJ's it's always with a purpose. Typically when I need some quality meat to grill or some fresh seafood. You know, something I can cook medium rare and feel safe eating it! And you can always find something good on "sale". Yesterday I got ground Kobe beef for $6.99/lb! KA-CHING!The beer and wine selection is amazing, but you're still better off finding a Total Wine, because they'll have the same thing for almost half the price!
4	Now, we don't do our grocery shopping here because that is quite the expensive tab, but it is a wonderful place for unique items, easy dinners and super refreshing iced green tea.  This store has EVERYTHING you would need from a cooking utensil to a quick gift.  AJ's isn't huge but it has so much to offer.  We especially love the fresh salad bar that we frequent often.  It's just the right amount of offerings which includes fresh fruits and not the melons (which I despise) like most salad bars. It has ready made hot meals, a wonderful desserts selection and as mentioned before super delicious iced green tea.  AJ's seems to feature a multitude of local businesses which we really love.  I would give this AJ's a 5 star rating however the staff can be a little edgy sometimes and the prices are a bit higher than I would like.  Overall, a super great grocery that I always have fun going through all the goodies they offer.
4	AJ's is the place to go when you are looking for good deli meats, bakery items or unique appetizers or supper fixings. Love going here for the fresh pasta bar or salad bar. Pizza by the slice isn't bad either. AJ's is a little more than the regular grocery store, but you do get what you pay for here. Quality is definitely higher here at AJ's. Wish I could do all my grocery shopping here, but I do have to live within a budget.
5	I wish I could shop here all the time because they have my favorite types of food and the quality of their food selection is second to none.  They have the best liquor and wine selection!  I love their meat and seafood selection because they have the premium cuts and freshest seafood...i once got these enormous prawns and I could have never got them anywhere else.  They have an amazing produce area too...they have sushi prepared by a sushi chef and its all fresh...they have awesome pizza and prepared meals...they have fabulous pastries that I would die for lol...and of course they have all those little things and specialty items like fig spread and this special artichoke dressing that you cannot find anywhere else.  They also have a huge selection of expensive bottled fancy water in cool bottles...i wish it werent as expensive but then it wouldnt be as fabulous...
5	I heard of this place, from a few people and some Yelpers. i drove past and decided to go ahead and stop... IM GLAD I DID! Being a person who absolutely loves to cook and is always looking for that special ingredient, i know ill find it here. I went in thinking i wasn't going to find the specific chili peppers i was looking for because they are hard to find anyway. But low and behold there they were a lowly package sitting all by themselves just waiting for me!  I meandered through the store and found so many more things. They have an amazing cheese selection. (which is another weakness of mine) They have a variety of beers and wines, which is always nice when you are entertaining or just for a special night in. They have a deli and a coffee stand which most grocery stores do now which is nice, I love the idea of a little eatery where you can sit on the outside and enjoy this cooler weather we are having. Give it a shot i know you will like it!
2	2 kinds of bacon: Hormel and Oscar Meyer. No quality, water-free bacon. Better selection at Circle K. Seafood is overpriced. Walleye was frozen and should be about $6 less per pound-- even at Whole Foods.My last time here.
3	AJ's is just fine. On the pro side, the produce is fantastic.  The salad bar is wonderful.  The staff is usually helpful.  They sometimes stock products from great local businesses.  They have Jeni's ice cream.  YUM!On the con side, they tend to drop local businesses.  Simply Bread?  Nope, replaced by La Brea (waaaaay before Simply Bread closed down).  Village Roasters?  Gone.  The products in the desert case are stale as often as not.  The 3 times I've ordered something special from the floral dept, they messed it up.  And they are REALLY expensive.  Hobe (www.hobemeats.com) is better for meats.So why not just 2 stars?  The things they do well, they do very very well.  They are always friendly.  Good hours.  I have my complaints, but I still find myself shopping at AJ's fairly often.
1	My rating will improve when you get the Choc cupcakes from cheesecake factory back!!The current replacement cupcake is not even funny. ( not close!)Gilbert seems to be the only ON TOP AJ's Still carrying the Choc fudge cheesecake! If I was Donald Trump, and this was my company...I'd fire who ever does the ordering! :(
5	Love this store.  My weakness all their deserts, foods, and all the special goodness you can find there only.Love the lunches here!
5	This is a really great little store that has been here for as long as I can remember. Great location, right on the corner of Camelback and Central. The selections are amazing,fruit and vegetables you never find at other shops.The bakery is really good ,even though most items are made at other shops, it is all about convienance.The Wine selection is amazing and the staff knows all about them as well as the hard liquor. What they do not have they can order for you. True is is a bit of a higher price but, it is always a nice time shopping here.
4	Though I've lived within a few miles of AJs for several years, I just recently discovered how much I like this place - this is a great place for groceries as well as for a nice lunch over your noon hour at work. Other than raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, these are a few of my favorite things! 1. Best limes ever.   Random, I know!  2. High J Orchards Honeycrisp Applesauce (or Fuji).  Try it. Close your eyes when you see the price tag though.  It's worth it! 3. Lump crab meat (again totally pricey - but it's the only place I've found this around here) 4. Salad bar. 5. Fruit & Yogurt Bar. 'nuff said.  Rock on AJs.  Thanks for making healthy eating possible and so delicious!!!  p.s. I'll give you 5 stars when you make it affordable too ;-)
1	Sorry, but I have to do this.I have had good sushi experiences so many times at this place, but one near-death event really helps to wipe those memories away.I got food poisoning from the sushi bar.  I know it was the sushi bar, because the only other thing I had eaten that day was toast.  By the time I finished the roll, my stomach was already starting to feel weird - how contaminated does that stuff have to be if it causes your body IMMEDIATE PAIN?  Whatever was wrong with this fish was super wrong, because I vomited on the hour all night (I had the sushi for lunch) and well into the next morning.  I called and spoke to the manager who was vaguely sympathetic, but otherwise very breezy and unconcerned.  He told me he'd refund my meal the next time I went in, but rolling in there with no receipt and a half-hearted promise from a guy on the phone seems like the makings for an annoying situation.I can't ever eat their sushi again, which is unfortunate for me, but this episode was SO VERY BAD AND PAINFUL that I simply can't take the risk and I wouldn't encourage anyone else to either.
5	The best produce and prepared food in the valley!
5	At the bakery they fresh lemonade and awesome iced tea. All locations have the iced tea but, not the yummy lemonade!
5	Sure you will pay a steep price when shopping at AJ's.  However their quality, or ability to offer hard to find foods is out of this world!  I have never found their products to be anything but stellar.  I don't shop here often, but when I do, I'm always blown away!
5	Best salad bar, soups, deli sandwiches, AND the pizza is baked in a brick oven! Prices are really great too! We used to work around here and came to AJ's daily. The staff was friendly and always knew us by name.
5	I come here every morning for their delicious black iced tea with orange slice. It's only a buck fifty and it's better and as big as any Starbucks tea. It's in an adorable little complex with a lot of cute stores. I love going here for my more specialty items. It has a really good selection of fancy foods. They also have a huge selection of delicious pastries - I definitely recommend the fruit tarts.
4	I love this grocery store. It's a cut above most normal supermarkets as it caters to a higher end clientele and carries fancy schmancy products. It is so much fun to browse the aisles here! Tons of gourmet mustards, olive oils, beautiful produce and a fantastic deli with freshly prepared salads, Mexican food and more. Their salad bar is crazy amazing, as is their bakery. When I'm in Arizona on business, I'll usually stop by here to get some takeout to carry back to my hotel. You can see and taste the quality here, but be prepared to pay for it!
3	We go there mostly for tea and have recently been trying the food... The food is just ok. As much as I wanted to like the prepared meals and baked goods, I have yet to like anything I've eaten. After 4 failed (and expensive!) trips for lunch/dessert, I'll just stick to the tea.
4	So far, my grocery shopping experiences in Phoenix have been phenomenal. Except for that time I went to Walmart, which universally sucks. I love when a produce section is organized so immaculately that you really don't know if you should touch anything, but you do anyway. Then, when you choose a cucumber and remove it from its perfect pyramid without having to yell Jenga, it feels like such a victorious accomplishment.Produce games aside, everything in this store just has an air of classiness and order. The lighting even has a romantic dimness. I walk around and feel so fancy... and I'm so not fancy but walking around here makes me feel like drinking tea with an outstretched pinky. Ok... then reality hits when I start looking at prices. They have sale items like other stores but for the most part, you're paying for that lavish feeling. That is my one and only issue. Because I'm cheap. Other than being a bit pricey, I love this place. Besides grocery shopping, I've come here to grab lunch a couple of times. The salad bar has adequate offerings. I've also had a wrap from the bistro, it was good, as was the pasta salad I got with it. There's also an ample assortment of beer which is nice (*mandatory for me to love a store). The wine section looked... well it looked like they have wine. I don't drink it so I didn't explore further. I'll end up adding to or updating this review at some point because I haven't tried their bakery, coffee or tea yet. When I do, I'll let you know if it's raised pinky status.
5	Love, love all the ice tea here. Everything at the bakery is delicious, if I could I would eat here everyday and get sick of it. Their sandwiches and salad bar are a great option for a quick lunch. Their grocery section is a bit pricey so I never get groceries here. Parking at this location can be a little tight too.
5	Ok it's expensive but wow. Love the store. They also have a lot of uk and South Africa things that I simply cannot find anywhere else. Great wine selection and always there to lend a hand. Fresh fruit and veg amazing. If you are an organic must have - this is you place. Also recommend their ice tea and late's in the am. Very good and the team that serves you are great. Don't always shop here but when I do always enjoy it.
3	I enjoy walking into AJ's and looking at all the goodies; you are sure to get something that no other chain carries.  Having said that though, I'm never impressed with the taste of what I buy.  I've tried produce and prepared foods.  The produce is over priced and there is little chance of finding something that will ripen beautifully.Prepared foods can be salty, too much vinegar, or too much mayonnaise.  Baked goods are just okay.  For the prices that AJ charges their products should be the shizith!A few things I've purchased that have been A+ squash blossoms, jumbo dates, pixie tangerines, endives, small avocados, cranberry dill tuna
