1	Service is incredibly substandard.  One would say reliably awful if you needed any assistance on the sales floor.  Shop online is the best option instead of dealing with a sales associate that is very obvious that he doesn't give a hoot.
3	Had a good experience here even tho they didn't have what I was looking for (it was a specialized item, so I wasn't that offput by that).  I wandered in and looked around for a minute or two before a staff member checked on me, so I'd say that it was prompt assistance without being pushy and they were pretty friendly too. I'd go back anytime. Thanks, guys!
5	Well as you can see, I am a regular here haha! I don't care what that makes me... I'm a tech nerd and proud! This best buy is one of the better ones, I think. There is always someone within 5 feet to help you and they bug you for about the first 10 minutes then you are free to browse! I like the set up of this particular location as well for some reason. I don't know what it is about other best buys but this one just seems to flow better. yeah they change stuff around sometimes where you can't find stuff where it was last but that happens. The bathrooms are always kept clean and merchandise is always plentiful and neatly organized. There are times when they don't have a lot of cashiers which is odd to me because this best buy is never slow... It is always busy.
2	Came in to buy a mac book pro. I've done a lot of research on which one I wanted, so I knew what I wanted to buy. I stood at the apple counter in the middle of the computer department and wasn't able to get any help. I've been to this location plenty times before and its fine if I am just grabbing something I need and go. But if you are actually needing to wait for an associate, you have to walk around and try to hunt down someone. Giving an extra star because the guy that actually helped us was very friendly.
1	I hesitated to write this review, but after the past 3 weeks of run-around, all due to Best Buy, I had to share my tale and caution others to go elsewhere to upgrade their cell phone.  I've purchased many, many things from Best Buy; I'm going to focus on my experience with their cellular/mobile electronics section.My iPhone 4 was in need of an upgrade; Best Buy had the iPhone 5 on sale for $50 less than anyone else.  As fate would have it, they even had a few in stock, so I zipped over to Best Buy on 12/26 to upgrade my phone.I made it abundantly clear to the gentleman who "helped" me that I didn't want to change anything on my service.  All that I wanted was to upgrade the phone, renew my contract with AT&T (ugh, ick, horrible - like dealing with the devil), and keep everything exactly the same as it was.He was extremely casual about the event - too casual, in fact, as he spent the majority of his time texting someone from his own phone.  He went about setting up the new phone, clicked away with his mouse, and at every opportunity was using his own phone to text someone.He proclaimed the new phone was set-up, and that I'd get a "welcome" e-mail from AT&T.  I asked if I could confirm that my account was left "as is" - he said that he didn't have any way to provide it to me, other than by e-mail.  I asked directly if my call plan, data plan, text plan, and discount were still in-tact, and he said, "Yeah, man - don't worry, it's all there."I left with my new iPhone 5, and went about my business.5 days later, I received a text notice from AT&T stating that I had exceeded more than $100 in texting fees.  "Impossible!" I proclaimed, "I have unlimited texting!"Then it dawned on me that I never received the e-mail as promised from the distracted gentleman who assisted me at BB.I drove over to the AT&T store on the West Side and inquired about my plan.  The person who assisted me there indicated that Best Buy had not carried over my unlimited texting plan.  He also indicated that Best Buy had dropped my voice plan to a lower level plan.  The AT&T store corrected these items and I went on my way.Fast forward a few weeks, and I realized that I wasn't receiving any visual voicemail services.  iPhone users know what I'm talking about - the little push notifications that show as "badges" when you have an unheard voicemail.I went back to the AT&T store and asked them to check on the issue.  Once again, Best Buy was the culprit - they had dropped visual voicemail service from my plan at the time of the upgrade.  They clearly showed me on the screen that the changes had taken place on 12/26 - the same day that I upgraded my phone with Best Buy.The final straw came when I received my bill, and noticed that my affiliation discount was missing.  I called AT&T, and guess what?  The discount was dropped on 12/26.So... if you need to upgrade your phone, I'd urge you to do it elsewhere.  In talking with the AT&T store staff, they all shared horror stories from Best Buy customers.  One person at the west side store said, "We spend a disproportionate amount of our time fixing problems initiated by Best Buy."Best Buy = 0 stars - FAIL
4	I've been to this location many times and have always been pleased.  Never had to wait an inordinate amount of time for service and have always had good, helpful and polite service. We have used Geek Squad, purchased lap tops, TVs and phones. At all  times walked away with a good impression.
1	Tried to call to set up a Geek Squad appointment (new policy).and the idiot gatekeeper at customer service hung up on me or put me on hold then hung up FIVE TIMES, then transferred me to Kentucky or somewhere to actually do what I wanted.  FU BESTBUY!  Since you aren't providing customer service,fix your crappy parking lot.
1	I experienced pretty horrendous customer service at this location.I wanted to get a TomTom gps system, and "open box" one that was the display product at a discounted price. The tag on the display one said it came with all accessories and the whole sheebang. The employee helping me said he would find someone to take down the display one for me. He came back and said no one was available to take it down so I could pay for it and they would email me when it was ready to be picked up. So the next day I go back to pick it up, after getting an email, and it wasnt ready. I waited at the customer service desk for almost 30 minutes while it was being taken off the display. When it was finally brought to us, all of the accessories were missing. Tons of walkie talkie calls later, and no one knew where they were. Eventually someone brought me a charger and a car mount from other products. No manual to be found, they printed one out for me and said "I probably messed this up, so just print it at home if pages are missing" REALLY?! When I got home and opened the printed out manuel, it gave a list of all the accessories supposed to come with it, and some were missing.Horrible experience. Too much of a hassle. None of the employees knew how to handle this situation.
3	There are really nice people working here but as I have found with most Best Buy 's there just is never enough people working. The vendors are helpful but obviously very bias toward their products. If you go do your research online first or better yet do in store pick up so an opinion doesn't sway what you want. I find online reviews to be much more useful than most of the reviews from their workforce.
2	Best buy on the west side of madison has a serious problem with the quality of the pavement for their parking lot. Every lane has a pothole the is at least 2 feet wide. Also I thought that the staff not knowing what the internet sale was pretty sad.
1	UPDATE 1 HOUR LATER:They just marked my computer as picked up and closed my repair file even though I didn't actually pick up the computer and they don't know if the backup will be successful. This would be funny if it wasn't so pathetic.ORIGINAL:It seems that Geek Squad at the West Towne Mall location in Madison, WI has been actively working to make my life more stressful every time I speak to them. From their inability to pull up my information, rude in-person customer service, and general air of "Your problem isn't my problem" - they showed no empathy and no coordination. Whoever is training and managing this location is doing a terrible job. Henry (he never bothered to introduce himself and I had to ask his name) refused to give me a timeline of when I can expect my computer would be backed up even after I explained the situation (I'm a wedding photographer with two brides waiting to know if they lost all of their photos). The tracker said that the computer was ready for in store pickup but Henry seemed surprised to learn that I took that as meaning it was ready for in store pickup - apparently "in store pickup" means "we'll call you" to this guy. It wasn't ready because they hadn't put my backed up data on the computer which is understandable but Henry's condescension, arrogance and rudeness was unbelievable. And, the unwillingness to even make me think he cared about being a customer advocate was astonishing. He told me that it would probably be ready tomorrow and I said I need it done today if at all possible. This took place at noon. They close around 9. It doesn't take 9 hours to restore a backup of even a huge amount of data - the truth is he just didn't care about his customer and seemed intent on me knowing that. Additionally, that was the time they chose to tell me that my hard drive was corrupt and was replaced - the first I heard of that and that my backup was probably corrupt. So why did it take weeks for them to tell me that and then make me pay for it? Seriously, you can't make this up!Another store rep earlier in the process was so unable to understand the English language over the phone that I had to, after fifteen minutes of just trying to give him my phone number, ask for someone else to be put on.This was after calling for fifteen straight minutes without anyone picking up the phone.Finally when I went to get my laptop they screwed up grabbing the right service order and told me they had to junk my computer. This lasted about ten minutes before they realized they were looking at the wrong order. This team was a total joke and I am not at all surprised that Best Buy's around the country are shutting down.
2	UPDATE: Tom - the manager at Geek Squad got in touch with me and finally gave me the customer service I had expected the entire time. He acknowledged what had happened, apologized, and generously credited me back on my expenses. My pictures were all fine and I'm back to work now. I'm upgrading this review from one star ("Poor") to two ("Fair").
1	First of all, I have gone in there twice and been completely blown off by staff members. I think it has something to do with the fact that I am a young female. The second time I was ignored, a middle-aged male customer actually had to tell a Best Buy employee - "No, I dont need help, but I think that young lady has been standing and waiting for help for quite a while"Second of all - I bought a laptop here. Should not have.I bought it at best buy because I like knowing that if something goes wrong, they will help me because I can buy a protection plan - unlike Amazon or another online provider. Boy was I wrong.Day 40 of owning the computer: Performing slowly, mouse freezing regularly, and basically no better than the 4 year old laptop I just retired that had a malfunctioning hard drive. I bring it to Best Buy and here is my one option for them to help: spend $200 on a service plan for them to do anything. But wait! I spent $130 on the protection plan? That's apparently different than the service plan. Protection only works for dropping the laptop - it means nothing if your laptop isn't working well. After 40 days of owning a computer, if it does not work well, you must pay nearly the cost of the laptop for them to help you. I also found out that they will only take returns up until day 15. So, you better figure out pretty quick if you like your new investment and if it performs well otherwise forget it.If I wanted no one to help me and not be allowed to return a crappy product, I would have just purchased my laptop for less money online. Seriously reconsider Best Buy. It's not worth it unless you're willing to pay twice as much for any kind of customer service.Also, the manager told me the computer I purchased was a "limited sale," which she said "meant it was designed not to last very long." Why on earth would you tell a customer the product they purchased was designed to crap out after a short while? And how does this justify my computer malfunctioning after 40 days? Yikes. Never buying anything from best buy again unless they get their act together.
2	Customer service is not their forte. I upgraded my phone and purchased a Mac Book Air. Upon leaving the store, I was sent away without the box for my phone (no charger, no instruction manual, no ear phones.) I didn't realize until I got home and unpacked my bag that it was not there.I called a day later to follow up and luckily they had it - but hadn't made any effort to contact me? No apologies either, which was a little disappointing.
