5	A complete turnaround from the original Fountain Bar. I wouldn't have been seen dead in this place in it's previous guise. However now it is absolutely my kind of pub! No TVs. Sensible volume music and superb beer. The food is very nice too.It appears to be connected to the Golden Rule (just round the corner) in some way (possibly the same owner). The end result of this is that the beer selection and quality is outstanding.Came here for food last weekend and the fish pie was amazing (see pictures). That is a whole langoustine on top of my fish pie. The beef pie looked great too (I'm planning to try it on my next visit).
5	Wow. What a difference. This pub, in my opinion, used to be a raggedy, dirty, scary, oldman pub, with a constant screening of footy and rugby. This week, I have seen with my very own eyes that this place has transformed. The beers on tap are fab, the bar is spacious, the seating is cool, and the place feels airy. They have beautiful light colours around the rooms with posh hard wood floors. The seating is interesting too, with old school chairs used at the tables. Oh! and the music playlist is really good!There are all sorts of quirky/cool designs around the bar. For instance, I love the doors to the bathrooms, they look like front doors with glossy bold colours, and unique knockers. PLUS the bathrooms are WARM and CLEAN and have those thick disposible paper towels that feel really nice. How posh. The menu also looked good and smelt nice. The prices are average, about 7-12 pounds for a main, but it seems as though the quality is very good. I will have to try soon. Recommend to check this place out before or after a movie date at the cinema across the road.
3	The Fountain is a different bar to the previous incarnation. Once the home of lager drinking, pool playing, football fans and older men with little better to do The Fountain has had a facelift. The tvs and pool table are gone, replaced with space to dine (the menu features the pub classics, with prices on the mid to upper point for a bar menu) this place really is a case of out with the old and in with the new.However it isn't there yet, to dissuade the former regulars The Fountain isn't cheap, but that also limits the appeal to the student crowd. It is in a prime location, right opposite the fountain park complex yet I'm not sure how much it will benefit from this and you still likely won't want to sit outside for long (even in the rare scottish sun) as the seating is beside a main road.The beer I had was fine and there is a decent selection of spirits, yet I'm just not sure I would want to make The Fountain my regular. In the drive to separate the bar from the previous pub incarnation, it feels hollow which is a shame because that is more or less exactly how I feel about its closest competition. Where? The Caley Sample Room, in fact I could likely have done this in a single line. If you like the Caley then The Fountain will likely appeal as it has a very similar vibe, personally I am a bit indifferent.So an A-OK from me I will happily return but would be unlikely to make The Fountain my first choice.
5	One rainy Sunday, when we should have been enjoying some outdoor cinema (but were being too sensible to sit outside in the downpour!), we found ourselves meeting at The Fountain for a girly blether...and what a great spot for such a meet up!This newish, bright, spacious restaurant / bar had so many lovely, quirky features on the go I spent the first 15 minutes looking all around like a child in a toy shop......the coat hooks were made out of taps, there were door knockers on the bathroom doors, cutlery holders made out of Golden Syrup pots, bathrooms that were delightfully shabby chic (with extremely nice hand wash and lotion), delicious chips served in terracotta flower pots, unusual glass tea cups without handles, a toy box for the kids, chunky wooden tables with mismatched furniture (I love mismatched furniture!), big fireplace up the back and Blue Moon beer on tap!The staff were chatty, attentive and enthusiastic, the bar had a great selection of beers and wines and the menu looked AMAZING! (if our chips were anything to go by, the food will be delicious!)We will definitely be back for a girly dinner night, and to raise a glass in a toast to the fabulous newest addition to the Fountain Park area!
3	A decent makeover in terms of decor and stock with increased prices to match. The atmosphere early on a Saturday night was pleasant & the food looked worth a try so a return visit could well be on the cards but I'll be avoiding the steeper priced pints such as West's & Vedett.
5	I don't want to tell anyone about this place. But I do, because it's wonderful. But I don't, because it's wonderful and I want it to be all mine.It's no where near close enough to my flat to be a local, but I want it to be my local. Out in Fountainbridge, opposite the cinema complex in a slightly derelict / forlorn part of town the redone Fountain, on its own, has managed to completely reinvigorate the area.It still has that fresh paint smell. The staff are excited and friendly. The bar is well stocked. The food looks goooooood. They proudly and warmly welcome children and dogs. (The latter of which I saw, the former none.) They do Sunday dinners, they do gastropub food, they have lots of different beers including Glasgow Brewery West, loads of different spirits.It's a really big bar, with both ample space at the bar with seats in that area, then a seperate seated area just up the back. Loads and loadsa room basically. So yeah. Once I get a bike (which I will be very soon) I will be frequenting the Fountain...frequently? Damnit, my excitement at how awesome this place is has left me lost for words (no easy task). It has everything you could want in a nice, modern yet still traditional bar as a local: welcoming, warm, good vibe, other customers seem awesome, staff friendly, food, drink. Yeah, it's just....really, really, ridiculously good.
5	Love this place, my new local! Cracking food, staff and vibe! Brilliant addition
4	i saw that this place had opened a few weeks ago and looked very different from the previous dodgy looking old man's pub that had been there.  i was keen to try it, but living in leith i'm not very often in the area.  luckily a group of lovely yelpers met here before going to see anna karenina (which was an AMAZING movie!!) for a drink and some food.i really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars, but i can't seem to do that.  the refurbishment and the decor has made this a really cool looking place!  i really liked the bar stools that were fairly comfy to perch on while i sipped a G&T waiting for someone else to show up.  the interior has been laid out nicely with lots of tables and places to sit near the bar and a mid sized area off to the side with more tables if you want to be farther away from the main bar area.the food menu was small but i thought there were a lot of nice options and they had a specials menu as well.  i wish i had gone with my initial want and ordered the fish and chips instead of the feta and tomato salad i ended up having.  i feel like gastro-pubs are made to do fish and chips well, but salads not so much.  while it was a perfectly pleasant salad and a very good size for a starter portion i found it a bit boring and there wasn't much taste to the dressing.  the bread i got on the side though was nicely toasted and very fresh, so that was a definite plus.one of the other girls very smartly ordered a portion of chips which came in a cute flower pot and looked just lovely!  next time that will be what i'm getting or one of the delicious smelling pies that a girl at the table next to us was eating when we got up to leave.my last point is the waiting staff.... they appeared to be a mix of friendly and not very interested in being helpful.  the girl that served me at the bar was very friendly and helpful when i asked if there had been a booking made and when i found out there hadn't she offered to get me a drink at the bar and if needed a table for the party i was waiting on.  the waitress who served our table seemed to be either bored of her job or annoyed by the fact that she had to serve a group that was busy chatting to each other so maybe not as quick to order as she would have liked.  however, our food was brought to our table quickly and when the bill was requested it appeared moments later, so still good service.feeling a bit mixed about this bar as i really wanted to like it but felt my salad was a bit tasteless and i wasn't overly enthused by all the waiting staff.  however, i'd happily go back to order a main course and give it another try.
4	Rustic and trendyFriends, cheers, and plenty of beers Gastronomical
3	The Fountain has become my regular pre / post cinema stop. When I first encountered it, I was enamoured. In this out-of-town spot, with the Fountainpark Complex of chains, and not much else, I was inspired to find such a modern, freshly-painted gastropub serving really nice food in such homely bar. I've been here quite regularly, mainly when going on a Yelp Movie Night Out with other Yelpers, but also for dinner with friends, and I have to say that whilst I do still like it a lot, it's maybe no longer love.The staff are friendly, but I find the service a little patchy. I waited for 10 minutes at the bar to ask for more water. A girl could see me standing with the empty water bottle, and I did once or twice ask her 'excuse me' as she was waiting for her colleague to ring something through the till (so she was standing doing nothing waiting to process an order) as I did think asking for a fresh bottle of water that I could see in the fridge wouldn't be an inconvenience...and she just ignored me. It does make you feel stupid to politely call out "excuse me" serveral times across a relatively quiet bar to get nothing back. Blanked. The shame.I was most disappointed, though, in my most recent meal here. I had the scallops, as I love scallops, in the cauliflour sauce. Now. When I saw this on the menu I thought "hmm cauliflour sauce. That doesnt sound too tasty but hopefully it won't be much, it'll just be on the side, and I can ignore it." But now, a huge plate of the sauce came with three scallops in the middle. The scallops were cooked really nicely, but the sauce was just...not nice. It wasn't foul or inedible. And maybe it's just a taste thing. But first off, I don't think cauliflour is well paired with fish, unless it was in a creamy sauce (the sauce wasn't creamy). And cauliflour isn't exactly the best-loved vegetable of our nation. It's going out on a limb to do something so unusual, and unless you know you're doing it well with lots of great taste-test feedback, why do it? I really didn't enjoy the sauce.I do still like it here, and would happily stop in for a drink and maybe some chips. It'll still probalby be the pre-cinema spot for a drink. But given it's out-of-town location it's not good enough to make me trek over town to get here, there isn't that "Cheers"-vibe of super friendly staff where people want to get to know your name at least, and the food was patchy. And given that there are so many other nice bars in Edinburgh, serving great food, it maybe needs to up its game a little?
4	When this place was first opened, I wrote it off... It seemed a little bland at first, despite a nice blue paintjob....and the crowd just was generally older... Not really my scene.Then, some fellow Yelpers had a meetup here prior to a movie at Fountain Park and I was pleasantly surprised to see that this set-up was pretty decent. I have since returned numerous times and it's unexpected favourite.Drinks can be a little above average price but affordable, I think the Fountain's best feature is the ambiance. If you have had a long day and you'd like to unwind with a nice cold drink, this is the place to be. A very nice place where there isn't insanely loud music and you can actually talk. It also doubles as a great place to hang out prior to movies.On to the food, I LOVE their fries... So big and crispy and it comes in a pot... My friends are a fan of its fruit ciders. For me, I always go for their ginger beer.
4	The Fountain is on completely the wrong side of town for me. Even though it's next to Cineworld, Edinburgh has at least four cinemas that are more convenient if you're coming from Leith. In fact, it's so out of my usual home turf that I actually got lost on my way across town and was 30 minutes late.*Will any of these things stop me coming here again? Will they hell!For a start, this is fundamentally a great pub. Really nicely done out, with old-fashioned wooden floors, stylish decor and lovely big, bright windows. The selection of drinks is also good and includes a decent range of bottled craft beers.But the food is what will really stuck with me (in a good way). It's classic gastro-pub stuff, but done with such care that it still manages to surprise. The pepper squid, for example, isn't your standard frozen pre-cut quid rings - it's done in strips, fresh (I think) and includes the tasty tentacles**. The lamb on a giant Yorkshire pudding - another gastro-pub staple - was also excellent, with an obviously home-made yorkie and tender, flavoursome lamb in a rich gravy.The beef pie seems to be The Fountain's standout dish though. The pastry's as good as you'd expect, but the filling (even though I'd been pre-warned) really did knock my socks off. You get a lot of beef, for a start, and I don't think they use a prissy lean steak cut, as some pubs do. The gelatinous, sweet, melting chunks of meat suggest a long, slow cook. The gravy too has a lot going on; spices and fruit, mixed with caramelised onion and marrow-y meat juices. Together, it's a real sensation and you'll want to savour every mouthful.In short then, I'll be watching a lot of IMAX films in future, simply for an excuse to shlep across town and have my tea here.* I was also verbally abused by a van driver on my way over, although I was striding through a thunderstorm dressed like Malibu Ken at the time. I mention this only for context - it wasn't The Fountain's fault.** Always a good sign. A) Restaurants shouldn't assume their customers are so squeamish and B) It usually means the squid was whole at some point in its recent past.
3	I was here recently for a Yelp Elite Event and was bowled over by the pie we were served so much that I insisted my partner and I go here for an impromptu sunday lunch.I called in advance to make sure we could get a table and were assured that we could. The place was dead when we arrived (1pm on a sunday I expected it to be heaving!). Anyway the service was pretty good, although we didn't really order much. After perusing the menu it was a case of 2 cokes and 2 pies please :) The pies were huge and served with Chive mash. First off the mash was D-licious! I really enjoyed it. The pies were very large in size although not so consistent. Whilst we had the same size dishes I lucked out completely. My boyfriends pie had lots of puff pastry on top (which I love btw) whilst mine was miserly. In terms of the contents, his had lots of meat and a thick rich gravy whilst mine had little meat and the majority a thin gravy. I was upset at this as the pie we had at the Yelp event was thick, rich and packed full of filling. It had a creaminess to it that the one I had on Sunday failed to resemble. I'm hoping the pie I received was a one off. My partners looked nice and he enjoyed it hence the 3 star review. I was spying what other tables were receiving and I think we'll be back here if we're this side of town again as it all looked well presented. I don't think I'll be making a specific trip in again though :-S
3	After a few more visits post Yelp event - I found that the atmosphere wasn't all that. I also felt the service was lacking attention and efficiency. It was a little disappointing to experience this as I was so willing to like it and it just fell flat. The chairs are little to hard and uncomfortable. The sofas too low. The wifi keeps dropping and the sought cosiness was missing on more than just one occasion. I can't put my finger on it and I am generally able to relax and find comfort in the weirdest of places, but here I just couldn't 'put my feet up'.I still prefer this over the McGowan's across the road, but only just.
5	It's a five star review: this place has what it takes to knock it out the park and I hope they meet your expectations of a swanky gastropub if you should pay them a visit. Some of the beers are a little pricey, but supply and demand is what it is and I'm only referring to some of the bottled offerings there. On tap is a good range and you won't go thirsty.A lot of new student accommodation has recently opened up just feet away - the prices may help maintain the ambience and slightly exclusive nature of The Fountain, but only time will tell.The food is the star of the show though. Pick yourself a beef shin pie and that's what you'll be getting: a whole lotta beef, with a bit of shin in there too (surprisingly heavy is cow bone). No carrot filler, all bovine killer, in a delightful sauce that you can soak up with your mashed potato side.The battered fish and chips will keep you filled up for days, but beware the starters for they are mighty in their proportions and may prevent you finishing your battered treat.The staff are generally great too. This place is an asset to all Edinburgh, particularly on this side of town.
4	It was a Sunday. My brother was visiting. What else do you do with family on a Sunday... it was time for Sunday Roast! The Fountain having some good roast reviews here on Yelp, we decided to check it out. Muted sage-teal walls make a fresh but homely atmosphere and we were greeted immediately with swift and bright service. We hadn't booked ahead but we had a drink at the stylish yet cosy bar while a table came free (which was surprisingly quick - less than ten minutes - but we were there at six-ish so quite early).When we ordered, there was only one pork belly left. (Sunday roast sold out by 6 on a Sunday? Really?) My brother opted instead for the shoulder of lamb. Our food arrived fairly quickly and at first it didn't look like there was very much there, but the vegetables joined us later. The pork was amazing - really juicy and tender - and there was a really well-proportioned Yorkshire pudding. Peas and carrots were served separately and to be honest, I thought the bowl they arrived in was just for one person, until another didn't follow and I realised we were sharing. The peas were great and lots of beetroot but the carrot mash was slightly on the cold side. However, everything tasted delicious.Because the portions were slightly on the small side, we did decide to have dessert. I say "because the portions were small" but who am I kidding? I almost always have dessert regardless... Anyway, we both ordered the cheesecake and we decided to push the boat out and also get a cheeseboard to share. But alas! There was also only one cheesecake left! My brother, ever the gentleman, once again switched his choice, and plumped for the sticky toffee pudding at the waitress's recommendation.Good gracious. GOOD GRACIOUS. Such a cheesecake shall I dream about in years to come. It was so good I had to give my brother some to try, and so good that I grieved to part with a forkful when I did so. His pudding was also excellent; sticky toffee pudding can so often come out either stodgy and chewy or loose and partly dissolved. This was neither; sticky toffee perfection. But back to my cheesecake... unfff. The base was crumbly and biscuity and full of flavour. The top was sturdy and creamy without being gelatinous. The berries and compote gracing that heavenly cake were round and piquant. This is definitely the best cheesecake I have ever had in a restaurant, and possibly anywhere.The cheeseboard was just the right size for two people as a rounding-off course after dessert, with oatcakes and a selection of cheeses including brie, Stilton and cheddar. There was also a small tub of frozen grapes, which I've never encountered before, but which were rather delightful.Following a coffee for him and a lavender rooibos for me, we toddled over to the cinema across the road. "I think I'm going to need another coffee before the film," my brother confided, trailing off to find one. "Otherwise, sitting in a comfy chair in a warm, dark room can only lead to immediate sleep after a great meal like that." A great meal it sure was.
4	When in Ediburgh, I seem to have found myself in Fountainpark all too often, passing by The Fountain thinking 'Oooh!' Whilst I'd never had the chance to pop in and fulfill my increasing curiosity, I finally seized the opportunity and popped in for lunch when I was next headed for that pretty city. The Fountain is quaint and quirky. It stands out in the street, calling you in with its large retro typeface sign and bright blue exterior. Upon entering, I couldn't help but drool over the bar with its large selection, including a quirky bright green ladder for climbing. (Yes, the bar is that big that it needs a ladder. Excuse me while I work my way through the gin collection..) We were given a warm, friendly welcome. Whilst the menu of main meals looked a little pricey for an off the cuff lunch, it looked perfect for a special lunch or dinnertime meal and had a variety of delicious options. I opted for the Leek and Potato soup which was a starter but perfect for a lunchtime meal. It was wholesome and rich, perfectly comforting on a cold winter afternoon. We also got a cheese platter to share which came with a variety of dipping oils and sauces and a generous portion of bread. Lovely!On a side note, I love quirky little restaurants and cafes and I feel a little sad when the bathroom is left behind with the theme...so the kitsch Fountain ladies room with its wooden cabinet stocked with an eclectic mix of beauty bits and bobs totally made me smile!All in all, The Fountain was a delicious stop for lunch and as the waitress lit the candles on our table whilst the dark night drew in, I'd no doubt that the ambiance would carry through in to a lovely evening.
2	Popped in here earlier this evening for a post bowling pint. I'd heard good things about this place but find a few things disappointing. The place has a fairly meager selection of beers. Tons of wine if that's your thing but I prefer a more balanced bar. On top of that my pint of rekorderlig cost me a fiver. unnecessary mark up in my opinion. If that's how they're pricing then i'm happy to be priced out. My desert of distinctly below par, out of a packet, tiny fucking slice, banoffee pie was also totally over priced for what i got at a fiver. No thanks The Fountain.
4	This place was a nice surprise. While walking from our guest house to the train station, we passed a handsome corner pub, complete with chalk sign that warned crossers to "RESPECT THE PIE." One of our group was determined to make the trip his personal beef pie tour, so I recommended it as our dinner destination.So we went, and my friend challenged himself to revere the pie, with every intention to devour it before, during or after. The beef pie was a handsome one. The shank bone stood tall, covered in pie crust, the entire thing baked until the meat fell off the bone. And delicious. Best pub pie of the trip!I, meanwhile, stuck with soup, bread, and steamed veg, plus a scotch. We shared a cheese board for dessert, which darn near put us over the top, but then the pie king tucked into a sticky toffee ice cream.The servers were SO friendly.
1	I tend to avoid negative reviews, but myself and my girlfriend visited The Fountain for dinner a couple of weeks ago as we had heard good things about it - The previous people writing 5 Star Reviews definitely did not eat the same dish we did! We both ordered the beef with seasonal veg and potatoes, which looked like my ideal meal on paper! Sadly not. The veg was over seasoned with what tasted like a sour vinegar dressing - not pleasant.The Yorkshire was cremated, as was the beef and roast potatoes. The gravy also suffered the same over seasoned fate of the seasonal veg. Nothing in this main course worked and it certainly did not merit the price tag. The only redeeming factor would be that the starters weren't terrible, certainly nothing incredible but they did not taste bad. I personally would not eat here again.
