5	My 3 year daughter had been attending Montessori for about a year. But her favorite attraction is not the playground or the kids; it is the goat and horse. Of course, she loves Miss Lauren, who is a wonderful teacher and loves the kids. And believe me, as someone who teaches for a living, I am really fussy!Owners Roy and Cathy take a personal interest in every one of the kids.My only issue was when we first signed up we were kind of lost. But that was soon corrected and since then I have been happy. No drama when I have been late picking her up. And always a big smile when they say hi. The learning is based on following by example. Classrooms are full of training aids and these actually are used. At her previous school they had great looking toys and aids, but they stayed and looked brand new. Mmmm. Last of all I love the structure and motivation approach. Great place.
5	My son attended Cave Creek Montessori from the toddler room through kindergarten, and we are going to miss it tremendously now that it is time for 'big boy school'.  We started with Mrs. Lakshmi at age two, and we were fortunate enough to graduate to a preschool room at the same time she transitioned to one.  As such, he has stayed with Mrs. Lakshmi from age two to five.  As first time parents, my husband and I were understandably nervous about sending our baby to school, so I did an exhaustive amount of research.  Of the schools I visited, CCM was the furthest school away from our home, but it was the clear front runner for our son.  I loved the property and the grass, the goats and horses, but mostly, I loved the staff and teaching ideals.  On his first day of school, Lakshmi made him, and me, very comfortable, so much so, leaving him there wasn't nearly as hard as I expected.Many people expect two-year-olds to go to a preschool simply as daycare, but I always felt like my son was getting much more out of the toddler room at CCM than simply being taken care of for 4 hours per day.  Very quickly I saw amazing progress with his social skills, independence and speech, his ability to hold a crayon or pencil and color and trace, count and identify letters.  I feel he was encouraged, but not pressured, to learn new things, and he found that environment very rewarding and stimulating.  Once my son was in the preschool room with Mrs. Lakshmi, I was amazed at how quickly he learned a variety of new things.  Very quickly he was writing his numbers and letters, learning the continents and states, and even reading very easy, phonetic books.  I was utterly amazed, as I surely didn't expect my three year old to be doing anything remotely close to reading.  As he progressed through preschool and kindergarten, he seemed to excel at CCM and the Montessori learning environment.  Mrs. Lakshmi made it fun for him and it drove him to want to learn more.During my son's time at CCM I received more than a sufficient amount of feedback about his progress.  And if I wanted to receive more, Mrs. Lakshmi was always available to speak with me, and more than willing to answer all my questions, thoroughly and knowledgeably.  Additionally, she was very open and eager to assist me to find work for my son to do at home that would address his weaker areas.  My son started 1st grade last week in the PV school district, and, despite being the youngest in his class, he seems very prepared, at least as much as, if not more than, children 18 months older than him.  Mrs. Lakshmi made a point to properly prepare all of her kindergartners last year for an easy move, and she succeeded with my son.My son loved going to school (as much as a 3, 4 or 5 year old can) at CCM, but he especially loved Mrs. Lakshmi.  Until his very last day of kindergarten, he would give her a big hug when he arrived in the morning and another when she would leave in the afternoon.  Leaving her was the hardest part of leaving CCM for both of us; she was an amazing effective and caring teacher that may have ruined all other teachers of his for years to come.  We will miss Cave Creek Montessori, Mrs. Lakshmi and the rest of the staff, and we have never, for one day, regretted our selection.  The 25 minute drive each way was worth it, and I would recommend this school to anybody looking for a quality, caring Montessori school in the area.
5	This school has been an amazing part of my daughters development!!!! We thank Roy, Kathy and the rest of the staff of CCM for all that you have done for us and Alessandra! I would hands down recommend this school to anyone!
5	After visiting several Montessori schools in our area, Cave Creek Montessori was a stand out winner for us. We felt welcomed from the first moment we stepped through the gate and the warmth and care with which my son was treated won us over immediately.My son has been attending for 9 months and has recently transitioned from Ms Samantha's toddler room to Ms Lakshmi's preschool room. All of the teachers and support staff have gone above and beyond to make my son, my husband, and me, extremely comfortable. And we're thrilled with our choice of this school.Our son has thrived and the growth in his vocabulary, attentiveness and sociability is better than we'd hoped. Any minor concern we express is addressed immediately and we receive ongoing feedback on his progress.The fact that my son is excited to go to school each day and smiling when we pick him up is a testament to how great this school is!
5	All three of our kids went there from toddler room to kindergarten. What a great experience for us and our kids. They loved it at CCM as did we. Having a place, as parents, that you are confident in a great learning experience that allows you kids to have fun as well is very comforting!  Thanks for everything.
