4	I used to come to this location in college.  I liked Dr. Wlodek and his eye exams so I came back once I got vision insurance again.  I feel he's very thorough and answers questions.  My only complaint...I wasn't in love with any of the frames.Overall, nice, small optical shop.
5	I have been goint to Dr Woldeck for about 4 years. I started here on the reccomendation of an old co-worker. I have been so happy here. They are always friendly, helpful & of course timely.
5	I've been going here for many years and even though it is a 10-mile trip in one direction, it is worth every inch of it."Doc" Wlodek is superb and his staff is professional, of course, but incredibly friendly, compassionate and helpful.Most importantly, they are kind enough to laugh at my stupid jokes.He might not be able to "cure" some vision problems, but I'm confident that he and his staff will give you the very BEST possible help in dealing with them, whatever they may be.Make an appointment with him today, because your eyesight is much too important to ignore.
5	They are amazing!!! I've been going here for years and they have never let me down. You won't regret it.
4	Picked it because its walking distance to my home but I like Dr W a lot so I'll keep him.Frames seem a bit expensive but I'm sure its average for good frames.  I don't have the patience for the exam and to shop for frames in the same day so I usually end up getting them elsewhere.  I do get my contacts here because it doesn't really require any work on my part and I like that.
5	I started going here because of my insurance and the location was close.  I keep coming back because Dr Wlodek is nice, professional, and explains everything to me.  He was very patient when I had trouble finding the right contacts. The staff is very nice and very helpful.  Paul always adjusts my glasses perfectly and Stacy is very helpful in finding me the right glasses that look good on me and fit my budget. There are a few new staff members who are also very nice.
5	I have been seeing  Dr. Wlodek  for years. I have always been impressed with their professionalism, and friendly staff. The doctor takes the time to explain everything, and remembers you like family. Very comfortable and warm place to get great treatment for eye care. JHumphrey -
