5	I went here on the first day they opened....The girls were very helpful, explained everything and were well trained and polite. My waxer Kayci was great, made me feel comfy and relaxed, explained their 4 step process, before and after care. I scheduled my next appointment and def plan on being there for it. I also love that they give 5$ off for referral and their prices are WAYYYYYY less than most of the other places. Soooo with that being said....the wax they used was pretty awesome as well. I usually have bad reactions to wax so I am always searching for the perfect place, but I think I finally found my waxing home!! i also love the location. I can literally go there on way home from work. 2 thumbs up and 5 stars from me!!also..i got a text the day before to remind me of appointment!! GOD I LOVE THAT!!! I despise getting phone call reminders, it is soooo annoying for me.
5	This place is fantastic! They specialize in waxing and only offer waxing services. I firmly believe that with a focused set of services like they offer, you are getting people who are only only concerned with waxing and not other spa services as well.The price is great, their packages are very reasonable and the product line has been awesome so far. Alyssa is my  service provider every time I go here. She is the best!  The wax they use here is similar to a hard wax in that it does not require strips to be adhered to it when pulling it off. But it is more like a taffy consistency where it never fully hardens like a hard wax. For people who are sensitive, this wax is the best you can ask for! It honestly is so much less painful.I swear by this place. I used to work at a very high end salon and spa and I was dedicated to their services and product line and once I tried this place I have never looked back...plus, I am always happy to be loyal to companies with a customer loyalty program- I got my first wax for free as a new client, and I earn points towards a discount each time I visit!Go see Alyssa, you wont regret it!
1	I experienced European Wax Center today in Chandler and unfortunately, have to say it was the WORSE experience of my  life.  I believe the girl's name was Sarah that did my Brazilian wax and I have to say, it was the most awkward & impersonal waxing service I have ever had.  I have been getting waxed for a long time and when I came across European Wax center, I thought it had a great location and great reviews which intrigued me on giving the place a try. Never again !!  As I sat in the waiting room and was called my name, the waxing specialist didn't smile, say hello, ask how my day was, nothing!  She acted as if she hated being at work.  Then it gets worse.  During the procedure I'm used to the specialist engaging in a conversation, not this woman.  She wanted nothing to do with having a conversation, a laugh, a smile, nothing.  She was far too involved in ripping my hair off and causing me the most extreme pain I have ever felt.  Again, I have had plenty of Brazilian waxes done before and never, have I  experienced the ripping of which this woman did.  Again, this is just my experience however, please be very careful as what I experienced is not normal and I will not be back.
5	I went in today to take advantage of their free waxing service on your first visit and I was pretty impressed. The center is very clean and modern. The front desk staff was very nice and friendly. Kacie did my waxing today, and I will defiantly be back soon! I think the only downside was the fluorescent lighting in the waxing rooms... but I guess it needs to be that bright to see what they are waxing! Also the pricing is just right :)
4	So I've been getting my hoo-ha waxed since Sex and the City first introduced me to the concept of a Brazilian in about 2001. Everything I needed to know about being a woman I learned from that show. Bottom line it's not all cupcakes and roses.  It's incredibly painful and kind of degrading even after all these years.  But I've come to know what a good Brazilian looks like and feels like, and Sarah at the European Wax Center really delivered.  This place is function over form, which I prefer.  You won't find waterfalls and spa music and healing crystals. You don't need that stuff. What you will discover is a magical world of brightly lit treatment rooms that reek of antiseptic. I like it...it's more like going to the doctor than getting a facial anyway.Sarah whisked me back to the treatment room (on time YAY!) and got down to business.  Sometimes they leave the room while you take off your pants and panties.  Not Sarah.  I appreciate her respect for my time.  It takes me 14 seconds to take them off and she's going to see my lady parts in all their glory anyway.  I didn't want her to waste my time with some show of modesty. Another thing I really liked about her is she didn't chat with me.  I'm not a fan of service providers trying to make small talk, especially when spreading super hot wax on my genitals.  Just focus on the task at hand.The wax itself took a little longer than what I'm used to. And it hurt (no more than anywhere else). But as she was waxing me I was reading these funny signs on the walls that said stuff like "The more you get waxed, the less painful it is to ease the hair out." HAHAHAHAHA "ease the hair out"?  Not so much.   When I got home I realized it took her a little longer (about 25 min as opposed to the 15 I'm used to) because EVERY SINGLE HAIR WAS GONE!  It was by far the most thorough wax I've ever received.The only reason I'm not giving this place the full five stars is because they were big time product pushers.  If I want the 11 wax package I'll tell you....stop ramming it down my throat.  Overall it was a great experience and I'll definitely be back in 3-5 weeks or 1/4 inch of hair growth.
2	The last two times I went here for a brazilian (which I'm used to getting one every 3 weeks), and I left with a lot of pain and there was still wax left on me. I used to go to Alicia (who was awsome) and when she left they scheduled me with someone else and didn't bother to confirm with me if it was okay until I arrived. Not cool. I will no longer be going here as I have found somewhere cheaper, less painful, and with better customer service.
5	If you want a good Brazilian . . . do yourself a favor and go see Claudine. Nothing further!
5	Also, Claudine does an a-mazing eyebrow wax! Saved them from one messed up nail salon job a couple months ago . . . PLEASE don't ask why I did that! :D
4	Is it me, or does the wax here seem to hurt less than other places?  That reason alone is a great one to give European Wax Center a try!I have been going to the same place for hair removal for a long time (and I still do - love you Glow girls!), however there was one day I was having a "hair removal" emergency that needed to be taken care of immediately.  My usual place was not open (it was Sunday) and I walked by EWC.  No appointment and they had me in an out within 15 minutes, hair emergency resolved.  Fantastic!  Plus, the special running at the time was an additional service for free for first time customers!  Score!   The service is friendly, they are always offering products and packages, but not too pushy, they easily take "no thank you" for an answer.Note:  this is not your low-lighted, relaxing spa experience.  These are bright lights (better to get every last hair, right?) and quick in-and-out service with a specialized focus (no manis or pedis), and because of that, they do a good job!
5	Given the disparity in reviews that I read, I wasn't sure if I was doing myself good or evil. Suffice to say, all unexpectedly better than good.  Had a full Brazilian and a brow done by Michelle and could not be happier.  Suggest making your expectations known from point of entry and request not to be sold on packages.  No problem with the "austere" surroundings - if I want spa music, I will go get a massage.  I will be back in two weeks for more brow, and then a week later for the bikini.  Close to home, good value, flexible schedule, well executed, yep, five stars.
5	I'm really glad I decided to give this place a try! I've been going to Suddenly Slimmer Spa and Rio Wax Salon for some time now, but needed to find a place closer to home. This had to be the most comfortable Brazilian I've ever had. I'm used to the strip wax and "stinging rips" but this place was different. I'm not sure if its their special beeswax, but the whole experience was far less painful and so much quicker. Most importantly, it was the best looking wax I've had. The lighting is brighter and your aesthetician will stay in the room while you drop your drawers and hop on the table, but I had no issues with it. They also offer unlimited wax plans for a really nice price that you can split into 3 equal payments - which I thought was pretty unique. Their products are a little pricey ($38 for their special exfoliator, which is amazing by the way) but worth it. The front office gals are also really nice and friendly as well.
4	I haven't had waxing done in a very very long time. The staff was nice and the lady I think her name is Rachel (sorry if I got the name wrong) she was fabulous. I had eyebrow and upper lip wax this time and it didn't hurt as bad as I thought. I didn't felt like they were rushing me in getting it done. I had some concerns after she was done and she was happy to fix whatever I needed. Overall I was pleased.
5	I was scared to death to get waxed because of a negative experience at another place. Christine was my tech and she was so calming and gentle. Great place! Front desk was very friendly too. Will definitely be back.
1	I was in desperate  need of an eyebrow wax and my usual girl at madison avenue was not available. I decided to take a risk and come to European wax center. bad choice. The girls at the front desk where nice but it was clear that they are trained to sell hard on their packages. They ask me multiple times if i wanted to buy a package. The worst part was that when I went into the waxing room I told the lady that i didn't want them very thin and to just clean up the line of my brow. She showed me them after putting some powder on to fill them in a bit. They looked fine until I washed the makeup off my face and realized that my eyebrows are SUPER thin and almost non existent at the end except for like one hair!  :[ sad day! wish I would have been patient and waited for my regular girl at madison ave. I wont make that mistake again!
5	I just finished my first visit to this location. Once I moved to Phoenix, I did some yelp hunting and came across the European Wax Center. I love the affordable price, reliable quality, flexible scheduling and professional atmosphere. Glenda did a superb job and is a personable, knowledgable and talented esthetician. I just found "my" eyebrow place!
3	Ugh. I am just going to stick to my regular place. My eyebrows look fine which is the most important thing! The most painful thing about the whole appointment was everyone trying to sell me stuff. No I dont want to buy your wax packages. No I dont want to buy product. Just wax my eyebrows, make them look good, take my money and have a nice day!! No offense to Glenda...she did amazing work on my brows (they were looking pretty beastly).
5	Finally went in after being out for a month!  Read some reviews and shout out to meg for referring Claudine!  She's beyond awesome!
5	This was my first time ever to have any type of Waxing!! Kyndra was awesome ! She talked me through each step as to what she was doing and what to be expected!!! I recommended her to my two sisters !!! Thank you Kyndra!!!
5	LOVE this location! Every time I go I feel so welcomed and relaxed. I almost always go to Alivia, who is so wonderful! Tiffany is also awesome and so sweet. I refuse to settle for any other waxing place
3	I have been going here for about 1.5 years now. When I first started, it was amazing. I knew all the girls who worked the front desk, they knew me, parking was easy, and I could get in just about any time I needed.As time has gone on, the girls who work the front have all changed. They are just as nice, but its weird seeing such a high turnover rate. The parking is AWFUL. No matter what time of day you go. Be prepared to give yourself a few extra minutes. I do get the pass packages but its because I'm in every 3 weeks for a bikini, and about every 1-2 weeks for brows. I wish I didn't do the underarm one. I've been waxing my underarms for years and never had an issue until coming here. I don't know if its the wax or what, but the skin under my arms has turned darker. Its very weird. I went back to shaving about two weeks ago and things are back to normal. I hope they will give me a refund on my underarm unlimited pass. I love my girl Deanna, she is quick, professional, and does a great job. She makes it as comfortable as can be. The 3 stars is for the awful parking, and the hard selling on products and passes. Also, and this just started recently, they started asking me if I want to leave gratuity on my bill. Before, because I had the unlimited passes, I never was asked. Its the reason I got the passes in the first place. Not sure whats up with that and I feel like an asshole when I say no, is this a new policy?
