5	Dr. DeMark is the best dentist on the planet. He is so friendly, warm, and funny. Always making jokes, telling you exactly what he is going to do, and checking in during procedures to make sure you are okay. He calls you the night of your procedure just to make sure everything is okay instead of having you sit in pain miserable overnight on the rare case something goes awry. Most people hate their dentists, but, I love mine! If he wasn't married with 8 kids, I'm sure he would love me too!Anyway, onto business. The whole entire office at Today's Dental is super friendly and accommodating. I love going there (seriously) because everyone is so nice and friendly, they make sure all of your questions are answered, and they spend whatever time they need with you versus making you feel like a number. The office is really nice, clean, and they have two TV's with about 100 channels in every room. One for when you are sitting up, and one on the ceiling when you are laying down! Baller!The hours are great and they normally always have lunch appointments available. 100% recommend this office. I have referred 4 people there already who are equally as happy with Dr. DeMark and Today's Dental!
5	So, for the most part, everyone always dreads going to the dentist, either out of fear of pain or the bill. I know I chose the latter for a good portion of my life and knew the day would come when it would "bite" me in the butt.....sorry. Low and behold at the ripe age of 31, 16 years since my last visit to a dentist, three wisdom teeth decided to show me who's boss. Looks like this dental plan is about to pay off...I'm in a new state, I don't have a dentist or a doctor....... or a psychiatrist (if you were curious). Where do I go? Luckily I have a boss and friend named Amber Williams (plug) who pointed me in the right direction. Also conveniently located around the corner from my place, Today's Dental was the "place to be". Nervously, I made my call to schedule an appointment and was immediately put at ease by the almost impossibly friendly staff. But I knew what was coming, they couldn't fool me. In I walked and signed in at the front desk, their smiles and helpfulness, there's no way this is real. I was called in and taken on a tour of the facilities, and I thought that was very very very very cool for some reason. I must have looked like I was 6 years old walking around there. Like a giant 6ft 3in six-year-old. I got in my room and there's TV's on the wall, on the ceiling, all playing Sports Center, are you *^&%^*&ing kidding me??  I was so excited at this point I didn't care what they did, just let me sit down and you guys can get to work. By the way, I'm sorry if this is not at all exciting to you because you go to the dentist all the time like a normal person, but this is crazy to me. In short of losing site of the actual review I'll sum this up. My dentist was Dr. DeMark and he's pretty much the coolest guy you could ever hope to have ripping bones from your head. I was at no time uncomfortable and actually wouldn't have minded another 20- 30 minutes. He really might be the coolest guy I've ever met in general now that I think about it. Believe me, this was no easy surgery, but I walked out of there with a giant swollen smile on my face. I was thoroughly educated in how to take care of myself during the healing process and got a phone call later that night from the Dr making sure I was alright and checking that I understood what to do. I mean if this is the typical experience then I'm surprised, it was a pleasure all around and I will never go to another dentist. In short, if you're like me and have been an idiot for not going to the dentist, or if you're new to the area looking for a new dentist...go here...because I said so. I honestly can't wait to go back.
5	Great service with a smile!!
5	I travel from Tolleson here and there is a dentist right across the street from my house. That's how much I love this place. I have really bad teeth and always need something when I go to the dentist. I have had 3 crowns done here and every time it's a breeze. They make it super comfortable and even have TVs on the ceiling for you to watch. The best part is they have a CEREC machine which creates a permanent crown for you right on the spot. No wearing a temporary and waiting two weeks. Only a few places in the valley have this.My dentist is Dr. DeMark and he is the best dentist I've ever been too. He makes my appointments painless and easy. He even calls you that night to make sure everything is ok. The office is super clean and the staff is super friendly. As long as I live in the Phoenix area I will always come here.
5	The Dentist is tops , state of the Art EquipmentFast and most of all painless. Good payment plans.Clean and comfortable. Highly recommend .
5	I've reviewed my current dentist but I never forget Todays Dental! I had to stray due to the fact that Todays Dental isn't able to do a payment plan for the amount of work I have needed (needing my 8th root canal currently) At my new dentist I have spent over 3.5k on dental work...paid in full as of today :)Back to Todays Dental and the best dentist, hands down, Dr. DeMark!!! He is a wonderfully gifted dentist! Great bedside manner, very engaging and very attentive! He calls after a procedure to make sure you're alright, and during the procedure he is explaining every step he takes. My new dentist is so nice but the person they had do my root canals was sent right up from HELL lol If I am ever in need of another, which I actually am, I will gladly walk into Todays Dental, cash in hand! Since I was paying off the 3.5k at the other dentist, I still had a balance at Todays Dental and they were so patient with me about it and didn't bother me for months and I apologize for them having to even deal with that! The front office staff is great, the hygienists are just as great and of course, if you couldn't already tell, Dr. DeMark is super great!
5	I had the best possible experience a person can have at a Dentist office. Easily 5 stars...My last visit to a dentist office was just plain awful and scary. So I was a bit anxious and apprehensive, but I ended up leaving with a smile on my face. The staff here are top notch professionals. They are friendly and thoughtful and made me feel completely comfortable. Jan took me back to an exam room and had me laughing and feeling right at ease. Which is pretty important in a typically unpleasant place (who likes getting their mouth poked?). She was just a wonderful and nice woman.Then in comes Dr. Howard Farran, who had me rolling right from the get go. So funny and super knowledgeable! He seemed to take a genuine interest in my visit and made me feel like I came to the right place. I actually learned quite a bit just from talking with him. He explained all my options and his recommendations. No pressure or up-selling. Great guy. Great Doctor.I'll be back in a couple weeks... and dare I say I'm actually looking forward to my next visit.
4	Appointment at 130 for paperwork, evaluation for repair that needed to be done, work started immediately upon my approval.  I'm out of the chair before 5 p.m. with a crown, not a temp either.  Jann had an ease in her technique.   Dr. Faran was pleasant and charming.Today is my last day until next year.  I've had a root canal & crown, a cleaning, and another crown since the first appointment.  Yes it had been a while.  Glad to have found a dental office that's relaxed, mostly on schedule, and they don't give me the impression that they're trying to sell me on something more than what is needed.My son also comes to this office and says they are much more gentle than what he dealt with at the pediatric dental office.  So what does that tell ya?
5	Dr. Nelson and his staff are the best!!! I have had some horrible experiences at the Dentist and they took very good care of me and were extremely kind and considerate of my situation. I think they are all great
5	So far so good. I went in for an exam. I was a little nervous since it has been 9 years, but I did my research and Glass was not only on my network but had great reviews. The staff immediately put me at ease. I was given the full compliment of x-rays and exams. Dr Glass was super nice and super funny. At the end, I was told what needed to be done, asked my opinion on a few things that "could" be done (like removing my permanent retainer) and then informed of the prices of everything. Needless to say, I'm going back for my work. Very happy!!
