4	I selected this place due to the location. When I went for the first time my friends were with me and didn't love it. However, liked it and when i returned to let my daughter play again she was excited!! I enjoy it but this is not a place my daughter (2yrs old) should run without supervision, because there are lots of different toys and kids of all ages so you need to watch your child. (Of course, not all parents do this) So, a great place, great price!! But during open play, if you have a small child you will need to watch them and keep them safe :)
3	My daughter and I went here the other day on a play date.  We have been to a lot of indoor play places lately and The Playground is an ok place.I don't think I would have ever seen or heard about this place if I hadn't had the address with me.   The location itself is weird being that it is in the back of an office park.  You can't see it from the street and once you are in the parking lot, it is still a little hard to find, even with the address.  I probably looked like I was stalking someone since I was driving so slow and looking around for this place.Once we found the place, we walked in and it was a little confusing.  There really isn't a front lobby area.  The day we went there was a day camp going on.  There were tables and chairs all in the front area making it really congested.  It was hard to find a place to sit and get ready to go in and play.  We finally were ready to go in and play and went in to the play area.  It is smaller than a lot of the other play places, but it does have some fun things.  There is a trampoline, small bouncy house,  play houses, ball pit, and a big LEGO castle.  These were all of my daughter's favorite play things. It definitely seems to be aimed at older toddlers and young kids, rather than pre-walkers.  There are some areas for the little ones though, but it is right in the middle of the play floor.  You really have to stay right with your kiddo because the other kids just run wild through the area.The 2 complaints would be about the placement of the work desk. It was completely open and had all sorts of paperwork and normal desk stuff laying around.  There were also a ton of drawers and cabinets without locks containing who knows what.  My daughter would break into a run every chance she got to try and play with the computer and desk stuff.  She could have easily gotten on the desk and tore it apart.  My second issue was the zip line swing.  It seems really, really dangerous.  It seems to be jerry-rigged in how it is constructed.  The swing is just a normal park swing and it is attached to the zip line with chains that seem very disorganized in how they are attached.  I know I wouldn't be comfortable sitting on it, much less having my kid ride it.  Also, the bigger kids would just jump on it and go without paying attention to the other kids.  The line went all the way across the room and passed a couple of different play areas.  I know I was almost hit a couple of times trying to keep my daughter safe.  It is definitely an accident waiting to happen.So I am not sure if I would go back or not since this really isn't too close to my home, but it is ok.
