4	The WF branch on flamingo and ft. apache is too crowded and not enough bank tellers. I prefer going to this one. Annie Vuong is my personal banker and she's always helpful when I want to inquire about anything. It's somewhat fast and efficient with bank teller services. I have to say the most quickest branch is sahara and rainbow. When I want to deposit, I try later in the afternoon. Lunch time and morning seems crowded.
1	If you want to bank with a financial institution that have staffs that actually know what they are doing, don't come here!  They may have good intentions and want to protect their customers from fraud, but they also happened to be grossly incompetent or under trained to the point they can't even setup accounts they are recommending.Came in on three separate occasions to resolve this issue with their 'free' checking and savings account for making small debit and web purchases, but they can't setup the account correctly because the new accounts were never linked to the primary checking/savings accounts.  How I was able to setup monthly recurring transfers with the new accounts, I will never know.  To add insult to injuries, I never even received the card that I was supposed to use for said small purchases, while protecting the primary accounts. The first card probably got lost in the mail, as I moved shortly after and it probably didn't get forwarded to the new address.  The second one, I can't explain.  Maybe I should have made arrangements to physically pick it up from the branch, as they can't stuff envelops and mail it after forcing everyone to go paperless.Anyway, the staff are pleasant enough but have limited ability to refund monthly fees that were charged, except the immediate 3 months that they can view on their screen.  And after a lot of investigation and tracing the problem to issues linking these new checking and savings account to my primary ones, they said it was ultimately my responsibility for not monitoring my accounts. Never mind that they screwed up in the first place, or the fact that I have no access to it and no reason to monitor it.  Hell, I doubt some thief can fraudulently access the $200 ($162 after WF took their cut) in the account, if I can't even get to it.  And if they can, then hell they deserve it.  Escalated this to their new branch manager,and she also was unable to do anything, after promising to look into it.Worst customer service ever.  I am so pissed that I am going to close the accounts, take everything out as cash and stuff it under the mattress.  At least the balance will not mysteriously disappeared or result in a -18% return in under a year. If I want to see that kind of return, I can just buy bank stocks.
3	I stopped here to use the ATM.  This is not my normal place, and I dislike the parking area and the in and out nature of the traffic of Sahara.It was OK for what I needed but it's generally out of my way and I don't stop here.
2	The employees seem friendly enough however they are not efficient in this profession. Also I was told by a teller to wait in the lobby for a banker to assist me when all I needed was to report my card lost and order/ obtain a replacement. Either the lack of training or staff, perhaps both is hindering this branch to reach its potential. I have worked for banks for the past 6 years and have not received or given this level of service before. I am appalled to call these "financial professionals" colleagues. When I was finally seen by the Banker, I informed him of my discontent & he barely acknowledged it. He basically went on the offensive starting that I Needed to understand that they are all busy. I ended up closing my account due to this experience and his attitude.I also visited the Citibank branch just up the street(total different experience) & in less than 5 minutes I made a deposit and had my card ordered for expedited delivery in two business days. Now that's service.In both cases I was the first in line and had completely different outcomes. Suck it Wells!!
5	Now this is how a bank should do customer service. Everyone is nice and goes out of their way to be helpful. It's always pleasant coming in here!
4	These stars go straight to the teller by the name of Hoi. I'm not a big fan of this branch I feel as if they can be a bit disorganized. I came in today being the third person in line when the two people in front me wanted to wait for "their" teller. She was really sweet! I would give five stars but the banker that was standing behind her seemed to have a bit of an attitude. Thanks Hoi :]
2	I have never been pleased with my experiences here. Very slow, very rude staff. While visiting this afternoon I found myself standing in line for over 10 mins while the woman in front of me chatted with her friend the cashier about her baby. I'm all about making connections and socializing, but this was just flat out rude.Not please at all, and find that with this location I rarely am! Tisk tisk!
1	Horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE service! Skip this location at all costs!
2	This branch has been pretty good for the most part until recently. I had an overdraft from amazon hitting my bank account twice. I currently don't live in Vegas, but I had my account set up here, so I figured I should just speak with my branch that has always just been there for me.Boy was I wrong.The lady that picked up the phone was rude and unhelpful. She told me I couldn't resolve my overdraft on my account through the phone and gave me a sarcastic reply that they have "180 branches nationwide" and I can just go to any of them. In disbelief, I called the national Wells Fargo line, which professionally took care of business for me in a friendly manner.Overall, I have to give them 2 stars for this recent rudeness, but beside that, they were pretty reliable for the most part.
2	This bank sucks. I came to get some papers signed and they literally took an hour!!!! There was no where to sign in or anyone saying anything. Never again will I come here.
1	Went to this bank with my mother in law to open up a safety deposit box. we called before heading over to see if this was possible since we had no wells fargo account. When we got there we were talked to by the store manager who we heard within earshot sigh and tell a coworker "hmph lets see what these people want" looking pissed that she had to talk to us, she very rudely told us that we couldn't open a safe deposit box contrary to what the person over the phone told us. And that "I know i'm the bank manager". She then kept interrupting my mother in law who talks very softly. Her name was a weird one something like Sharmi something. Bottom line if your store manager is disrespectful to potential clients your staff will follow suit. Stay away from Rude people like the manager in this branch. You and your money deserve better.
