4	The reality of dying was thrust upon Boyce Luther Gulley in his prime. Choosing not to live a life of quiet desperation awaiting the end, he ran away from home, family and friends. Those were sad but wondrous times of soul searching and physical activity. In his heart was permanently etched the vision of those precious moment in time when he and his little girl, Mary Lou, built sand castles on the beach in Seattle, Washington. How she would cry when the tide washed them away. "Please, Daddy, build me a big and strong castle someday that I can live in. Maybe you ought to build it on the desert where there is no water." He would smile and wonder perhaps it's no coincidence that he migrated to Arizona, where he gradually regained his health. So he built her a native stone castle: 18 rooms, 13 fireplaces, parapets and many charming nooks and crannies, then furnished it with southwestern antiques.The "king" died in 1945, before he could send for his family. The little girl now an aged "princess", dwells in her "sand" castle, and is living the last fairytale. By conducting tours, Mary Lou Gulley maintains the castle and perpetuates her dream.
4	This castle is really neat, amazing how this place was built.  A must to see if you are in Phoenix.  I was in awe walking thru the castle, Boyces daughter still lives there, You can tour everything but her bedroom. Really something to see, worth the $5 [ I've seen less for more! ]
5	For $5 you get at least an hour or two guided tour of an unusual and highly unique piece of Arizona history. There aren't a whole lot of 'local flavor' attractions in Phoenix, but what the city lacks in quantity it makes up in quality. Be sure to bring your camera because everywhere you turn there's another quirky piece of folk art in every hidden corner of this house making for great photo opportunities. The hours the castle is open for tours are sometimes sporadic, as the builder's daughter still lives there. So just call ahead and make sure you can come by - it's worth it!
5	Amazing. I have been all over Europe and seen many things, and this ranks up there with anything I have ever seen. There is no way to really describe this, so I would just go see it. It is cheap and South Mountain is nice when it is cool out.
5	Fascinating Place!  The love story that this castle centers around is pure Shakespearian Tragedy.  It will make you cry.  On the flip side this is a pretty ingenious use of waste materials cast aside and re-purposed.  Environmentally friendly all the way back to 1930's.  The price of admission $5 can't be beat.  Definitely worth the trip!
4	A really neat trinket of a place in the middle of nowhere. I won't try to explain this enigma, I will just say that you will find SOMETHING here that you think is cool. Some parts will pique your interest and others will bore you, but this is a great place if you're looking for something different to do. Check it out!
4	Mystery Castle is the embodiment of eclectic.  The original owner built the "castle" out of anything he could get his hands on, whether it was discarded bricks to empty liquor bottles.  It's really amazing to see the result of years of hard work and the knowledge that 2 years of architectural building school will achieve with just a little imagination.  Mystery Castle is the type of place you would have loved to run around and play hide and seek as a kid.  There are so many unique details that make the house itself a work of art.  Tours are held quite frequently, and you can jump in at any part of the tour and go to another one once your part of the tour is over.  Admission to tour the castle is $10.  Definitely a great place to take visitors for some quirky old school Arizona history!
4	If you like photography and art,  this is the place to spend your afternoon.  I literally stayed close to 2 hours just taking pictures and enjoying the art deco of this building!  Very colorful and alot of details.  The tour was very educational and cheap.  This historical building is a must see when you come visit the phoenix area.
4	An interesting place to visit.  My husband and I went on the tour.  I loved the history and the uniqueness of this castle that isn't a castle.  But just because it wasn't a castle to me, doesn't mean it wasn't to whoever built it.  I think the best part was learning about how he turned things into something useful.  The only down side was that the gift shop had been closed down.
4	I'd wanted to go to Mystery Castle for years, and finally my partial-decade dream come true!  It's a solid time.That said, whats with the area its in?  I haven't seen a more ghetto part of phoenix.  Littered with trailer parks, row houses and peoples wandering about, I feared for my life driving into the Mystery House area.  While I'm no fashion policeman, the lady walking down the stree with a "Fuck You" tshirt accompanied by her pajama pants as an ensemble for the day, I was none too impressed.  How those poor bastarded survived summers at Mystery House in the heat is beyond me.  Then again, I assume all the poor, poverty striken people in the area surrounding Mystery House are living a similar, sad exisitence, wondering where their lives went wrong that they've ended up in this endless circle of hopelessness.God help the residents surrounding Mystery House.Definitely check it out, its great!!!
5	Wow, what a neat place! Thank you, Yelpers, for your recommendation of the Mystery Castle. I won't try to describe it, as others here have already done a great job. I just wanted to give it a big thumbs up as my family and I really enjoyed our tour of this unique place. Not a good neighborhood to drive through to get there, so just don't plan on making any food/rest stops in the area...unless you're feeling adventurous (or suicidal) ha, just kidding...but DO check the castle out.
3	The castle has been taken over by greedy folks who now charge $10 to tour this good looking dump. I'm pretty sure that the tourists money is going to beer sales for the familia who may or may not live in that dingy trailer near the castle. Another problem is the place is lazy and that comes with the territory. We tried for two days to view this place and both times we were there during "operational hours" Don't bother calling because it's all just a recording and no real person. I guess they were out buying some cerveza's that afternoon. Well, on our third try, we finally stormed the castle and Ramon (a very nice guy) took our money (he kind of just put it in his pocket purse, very unofficial) and he started the tour, but his tour guide was late apparently. Well, the large woman who finished the tour had one of the most annoying voices possible, so maybe the Castle should take all that cash (it is a non-profit now) and make a tape with earphones.    Apparently, one of mary Lou's cats lives upstairs in the AC, but no AC on 5/31 anywhere else. It was kinda like a sauna and makes you wonder why that guy built 13 fireplaces in Phoenix (well I know the reason). Certain areas were off limits and I'm not so sure everything that is in the castle is original. Some look like a setup for the tourists. Ramon mentioned that Mary Lou used to charge 25 cents for the tour. I understand inflation, but the castle really doesn't need any upkeep, so enjoy your beer money and poor Mary Lou and her daddy might be rolling over in their graves if they knew what has happened. That said, the place is unique and you won't see this kind of structure anywhere else, so it is possibly worth a visit. Why not let us see the mother-in-law room also, it would have been nice.
3	Mandatory $10 cash only fee!!! You must pay first, otherwise you can't walk through the house, regardless if you want the tour or not.  Mary Lou Gulley's house is large and eclectic with random objects being used in the architecture; anywhere from recycled bottles, car parts to real petroglyphs.  It is definitely something to see in Phoenix cause it is such a unique home. Note of caution: there a very bumpy rock path to get to the house.  Yet, my lil car was able to make it fine, by driving at a snails pace.  Overall it was a cool home to see, but not amazing.
5	A year before we married, my husband and I had the distinct pleasure of visiting with Mary Lou a few months before her death in 2010.  We toured her lovely castle and had distinct images of her life as a child on the stone floors, looking at the stone walls, covered with eclectic mis-matched pieces of her life.  I admired her for the child like wonder that was still in her eyes.  Unfortunately, 3 years later when we took my son to the castle, he couldn't meet this wondrous soul for himself.  I highly recommend making this a "must see" stop if you are ever in the area.  It is an artist's play land and being a poet, I could find the beautiful imagery in every nook and cranny.  I look forward to going back again some day soon!
4	This place is wild! I was looking for a way to entertain an out-of-town guest on Halloween and found a mention of this place on a website.  It's a pretty easy drive from the East Valley, and we didn't have any trouble finding it.  $10 cash gives you a guided tour and then time to explore on your own.  We had 2 tour guides on our tour. The first was a young woman with the most grating and unpleasant voice I've ever heard in a guide, though she seemed knowledgeable enough.  The second was an older woman who said she had worked there alongside the family for many years, and she was wonderful! Took plenty of time to answer questions along the way. Afterwards we drove up to the top of South Mountain, where you can see the castle from above!
2	Took my parents who were visiting from out of state. Over priced for what you get. Tour was disorganized. 1st tour guide had little knowledge of the history of the astle
1	Took our guests from Ohio to see this unique place, and we wanted to see it too. We waited over 45 minutes and no one showed to open the gates. Very under managed and disorganized. We left to see other sites, could not wait all day!!
4	The Mystery Castle (MC) was not on my list of things to do when I first landed in AZ--in fact it wasn't even on my radar. My sister thought of MC randomly one day and whined that she'd never been--all the time knowing full well that I'm always down for some bizarre stuff. So,  we set off to see what we could see. MC is an odd and very unique place that's located at the southerly edge of Phoenix, at the base of South Mountain. It's an interesting tribute to a man's love for his daughter that raises more questions than it answers. I'd love to share with you the history but it's really better to come down and experience it for yourself. Here's the tour info per the website: Tours are given October thru June on Thursday-Sunday from 11am-4pm. The cost is $10 for adults and $5 for kids (5-15). The tour lasts about an hour and there are no official tour times; you just show up whenever and join the tour currently being given. We came in about 1/4 of the way through and you just stick around as they pass you back and forth between the two guides until you've seen everything there is to see. I recommend it even for kids because there's so much to see in this place that it keeps your eyes and your mind busy.
4	Mystery Castle is pretty dang weird.  You get a lot of the vibe just by looking online, but it's definitely interesting to see in person.  The guy who built it used a lot of cheap, recycled items.  I was most fascinated by the burned bricks, they were super cool!  The two guys working were so incredibly nice and enthusiastic during the tour.  It's cash only, and I thought it was worth the price.However, it really seemed like the creator was a d-bag.  When you read the synopsis, he built a real castle for his daughter - who he had abandoned 15 years before.  Sure, it sounds like he had some redeeming moments when he contacted his wife and kid that he had left without a word and passed on his money to them after he finally kicked it, but the guy had an elaborate bar with a "wishing well" (which was pretty clever) so people could order their drinks downstairs and have them brought upstairs, because he hosted a lot of parties.  Just, you know, without his wife and kid.It would have been nice to go on the tour when Mary Lou was still around, because she's the one I actually find interesting in the family.Cool experience, but the thing my husband & I talked about most afterwards was the dad who left his daughter when she was 4 years old and thought about her from afar.
3	Bumpy road on the way in! This was a really interesting thing to check out.  My son had a report to do for school so we made the trek!  What an interesting homage for a father to make to his daughter.  I thought it was a bit pricey and wonder what the money is used for as there were plenty of people on the tour.  Our tour guides (Juankarlo and Manuel) were REALLY knowledgeable.  I'd recommend a trip to this place if you had nothing else to do and were looking for a curious Phoenix landmark and had money burning a hole in your pocket.  Both Mary Lou and Boyce were quite the eccentrics...
5	I have to say this is the most interesting thing i saw in the entire state. Really cool burned brick artwork and Upcycle architecture. I want to build my own castle now.. totally worth the $10 if your looking for a tourist attraction to liven up a road trip...
4	We managed to visit when Mary Lou was still alive and leading the tour of her house.  I will say this is one of the oddest places we have been to. Took lots of pictures. Recycling at it's finest!
3	Went to see Mystery Castle in May after reading the reviews on this site. It took some finding but it was worth it in the end. I did find it interesting and some of the things the man built it with are fantastic and way ahead of his time, such as glass bowls. For me the exterior was far more interesting and nicer than the interior. The story is a fascinating and sad one, but the cynic in me says that you have to take some of the daughter's stories with a pinch of salt. I would say that if you had a spare hour go see the castle, but I wouldn't make a special trip to see it again.
