5	This place is rad, I work near here and decided to drop by and I am so glad I did. The staff is super nice and the place is well organized every time i've gone in. Even during one of their blow out sales it was still easy to find things. If you have a little girl you'll have more of a selection and they have a really good amount of carriers and wraps. If you dont have a fussy child around you can literally lose an hour in this place, its rad!
2	On two separate visits I felt the workers were not very friendly nor helpful. I was pretty much ignored even while standing in front of them. When I asked them questions about selling clothes to them their answers were very vague and they seemed annoyed that they even had to answer any questions. They wouldn't tell how they determined how much to give for what. They wouldn't tell me how long it would take, only that I had to remain in the store or I would be forced to accept whatever offer they gave me. As a busy mom of three I didn't have time to wait around for who knows how long. When I told them I would come back and I picked up the form required to be filled out (I figured I could fill it out at home to save some time) she rudely grabbed it out of my hands without a word. I guess they are trying to save paper or something but she could have had the decency to say so. On my way to pick up my son from school I decided that I would not go back because they just seemed shady, they were rude, and their used clothes are way overpriced. Also it smells really gross in there. It's too bad, I had a lot of really nice things to sell. Better to sell on craigslist or ebay. Since I didn't actually shop/sell there I gave them two stars instead of the one star I think they probably deserve.
5	I personally love this store, and so does my 1 1/2 year old daughter. There's a little play area that kids can play in while you shop( her dad always supervises her of course) and when she gets bored she comes and shows me what she likes, since the bottom rack is within her reach! I have found so many cute dresses for such a good price, and they're all in amazing condition, I will definitely keep going back and telling my friends about it!
5	LOVE this store!  This is the only place I buy my child's clothes.  The staff is very friendly, and the quality of clothes is superb!  I get SO many complements on the clothes I buy from here.  I tell EVERYBODY with a child about this place.  The prices are PHENOMENAL!  You get so many clothes for a small price!  And to top it off, they do price mark downs on their clothes and offer a punch card.
5	Now mind you, all of these consignment shops are completely hit or miss, but they have a good selection of kids clothes, good prices and the quality is always nearly as good as new and frankly, once they've worn it, it's not new anyway so who cares.  They also have great sales now and then.  Once everything under a certain price, I think around $6 or $8 was half off.  I really stocked up then.
