3	It is very expensive and the front office staff are quite snobby.  I love Dr. Meier though, the only reason I would ever go there!
5	I had a horrible experience at another vet office and decided, on the recommendation of a work colleague, to go to Truesdell instead. I'm thrilled to have found a place so close to home that we LOVE and am so thankful that my dog has Dr. Meier as his vet. We've seen both other Drs when she was gone and they are both excellent as well.  I know it's more expensive than some others but I like the fact that it is a full hospital so that if something major happened my dog would not have to go anywhere else. They also did his neutering and are always very patient with my questions as I am a first time dog owner and still have lots to learn. All the staff seems very competent and the techs are very good at their jobs as well. Thanks Truesdell! We love you!
5	Everyone here is very nice. You can really tell they all absolutely love animals. I called and they got my cat in the next day. They couldn't get a urine sample, so they gave me another appointment the next day for no charge. The facility is clean and up to date. I'm coming here from now on!
2	They provide good service, but are probably one of the most expensive vets on the east side. $110 for an exam/consult and "lab" work for a healthy dog. That didnt include any flea/tick preventive. They are very quick to offer the most expensive services first, then discuss more cost effective alternatives after you say no. Dr. Brittany is very nice and good with my dog.
5	This review is long overdue. I think I caught Dr Tom when he was practically fresh out of vet school (3 dogs ago for me). I stayed with him for 24 years watching his business grow to what it is today until I moved to Chicago for work. I have been to 4 different vets since moving to Chicago and have yet to find one half as good as he was! I have even consulted him via email since moving here (no charge: )). I saw other vets at his clinic also and was always very happy with them too. If I were ever to move back to Madison I wouldn't even consider taking my pets anywhere else! When one of my previous dogs had cancer he got me into the UW Vet School for treatment the same day (after they said they couldn't do it when I called them myself).
