2	This is going to sound more like a ramble...but I'm hoping at the end you'll get SOMETHING out of it. My stomach is picky, and it did not like the egg white veggie sandwich from this place.  I only live 4 mins away...and it was so cold by the time I got home.  I just...don't like Dunkin for anything more than donuts, and their coffee is okay too.  I am especially admiring the T-shirt I've been told about that says 'friends don't let friends drink starbucks...when in actuality friends don't let friends think Dunkin is the best coffee -_- either way I want it.  My friends think that I am a coffee snob, and I am...but when it's free and good-who cares! I'm blabbing but only because as you know I work at Starbucks and I even get sick of my drinks. But I know when things taste good...and when things taste really  bad.  that egg sandwich tasted...bad.
5	I am going to have to disagree with the other reviewer on the Egg White Veggie Flatbread as my girl and I think it is really good. I do agree with you that if you do not eat it within the first 10min it gets cold but if you consume it within that time it is VERY good. The flatbread is wholewheat and Dunkin says the whole thing is 300 calories. According to the national taste test Dunkin BEAT Starbucks so the shirts are not only funny but TRUE! I used to pay the absurd $5 for the Frappa Mocha Latte-chino or whatever it was that I used to get. It was like 1000 calories with all the toppings and way too expensive. Now that Dunkin popping up all over Phoenix I can see why Starbucks is getting nervous. For the best tasting coffee (and value!)  in town everyone now knows to go to Dunkin.
3	They're getting 3 stars, opposed to 2 because they have wi-fi & outlets which is awwwsomes when you're stuck getting your car fixed close by.The drive thru is painfully slow at times.The workers are somewhat obnoxious; if they aren't ignoring you or attempting to throw you the side eye, they are loudly yapping their heads off- and cussing *gasp*.... which is fine (when you are at a bar getting tipsy, not while working for $7/hr @ a pos job). I'm not picky- the food & drink are fine, the manager just needs to get on his/her game.
3	The store was unclean. The lady behind the counter was sweating profusely, even though she wasn't cooking or anything (odd) and one of the workers used the restroom that I was sitting by and it was clear he went in and out without washing his hands. The food is Dunkin Donuts food. So nothing bad about that, it is what it is. Workers need to step up cleanliness. That's about it.
