5	OK, Montreal's burger wars just went up a notch and Le Gourmet Burger has definitely upped the ante.Not nearly as unnecessarily expensive as m:brgr, not as out of the way as La Paryse and with more options than Steerburger, Le Gourmet Burger hits the right balance between price, taste and location. Plus you can always run across the street afterwards for a beer at McKibbons.The sweet potato fries, the veggie burger, the different types of condiments (garlic mayo, wasabi mayo anyone?) peanut butter milkshakes are all worth writing home about.The burgers are huge, come in with an appetite! I'll be returning for sure!
4	I'm a big burger lover!!!and this place rocks!!!It's tiny, and a bit stuffy on a hot night, but otherwise the burgers here are delish!!!It's sort of an itemized menu, where you pick the burger, beef chicken or veggie, it comes with a bun tomatoes and caramelised onions.you add what you want to customize, like mushroom, cheese, foie gras, nuts, eggs, red peppers and other stuff i can't remember. In short there's something for everyone, sweet, salty whatever you like.extras range from 1-2$ to 5$ like foie gras.regular condiments like ketchup and mustard are free, including a few special sauces, hmm hmm, like wasabi mayo, garlic mayo, spicy mayo, bbq sauce and special gourmet burger sauce. all free!!! and self serve.On the sides, they have fries, and sweet potato fries, for 3$, you can also have them mixed, half fries half sweet potato fries, the sweet potato fries are real good. They have salads too but i haven't tried it yet. Honestly drinks are a gip, 3$, but you get a bottle, old school style. You can also add a scoop of ice cream to your soda, root beer float anyone?Tried the brownie one time, it's crap, don't try it, it's stale and dry, ew for 3$ yikes.All in all, decent place and decent price, runs about 10-18$ not highway robery like M burger. depending on what you get. burger fries and a drink will fill you up. Athough i wished they had grilled pineapple like M burger.They have the buns made especially for them, it is brushed with sesame and honey, so it's a very nice bun. Tastes so good.
5	This awesome little place partnered up with Fantasia to give their ticket holders a break on food. The sweet potato fries here are cooked to absolute perfection, and back home in the States, I can still taste them! Good ice tea, too! I got a beef burger with guacamole and sauteed mushrooms and caramelized mushrooms after a screening, and it was absolutely delicious! Had it not been for the partnership with Fantasia, I might have missed out on one of my favorite taste bud experiences in Montreal.
2	I disagree with the positive reviews that others have posted about this place.  The service is non-existent, and I had a much better burger at the Fudruckers at Houston Intercontinental Airport before boarding my plane to Montreal.  No, I had a better burger at the McDonalds just a few blocks west on St. Catherine.I had the Classic Burger, and it at least looked pretty.  However, the taste was far from the burger heaven I expected.  I should have read the reviews in Yelp more thoroughly because the brownie was indeed hard and stale.  I recommend that you completely skip Gourmet Burger.  You can find a better burger in Montreal for less than half the price.
3	Good little place.  It had a modern interior, but felt like a mom and pop (although the 2 workers were young).  The beef is cooked when you order.  There is a wide selection of toppings/cheeses to make your burger your own.There are only 2 people working in this establishment, so don't expect the world.  The prices aren't expensive either (for Canadian food at least)($5 for the meat, about $1 per topping).  The lemonade was quite good, wish they gave more!  They offer sweet potato fries to make them healthier, but I still prefer the normal french fry.
2	At first, you enter the place and it's got an IKEA-like decoration and a picture of a burger that can make your heart melt. Then, you sit down with your burger and fries and BOOM. You end up REALLY wishing you hadn't.Meat is dry and boring. Almost overcooked. The people behind the counter when I went were absolutely horrible. Everything you want to add onto the burger costs a little bit extra.My experience: I went with 2 other friends and we all got the classic burger. Then we got 2 servings of fries: Regular and sweet potatoes. The fries were HORRID. I normally prefer regular fries over the sweet potatoes by a long mile, and here, the outcome was the opposite. I'm pretty sure that if I squeezed the regular fries I could have made a canola oil company and sold a bottle from every half fry I squeezed.Next, the burger: Dry, uninteresting and overcooked. Nothing more to add on that front.I don't have much more to say about this place. They try to attract you with their fancy thin, inconvenient trays and swirl-design cups to store the fries but in reality this place has a TERRIBLE burger.
4	Awesome burger! The bun was actually one of the best parts. Sweet potato fries: perfect. The only negative were the regular fries, which were burned and dried out. The service was fine, nothing special.
4	Clean and focused; that's what I love about this place. Especially at lunch, you want a good burger and just enough fries to sate you without triggering a carb coma. In that sense, Gourmet Burger delivers in spades. Their food is almost dedicated to that kind of customer. It's clean - no grease on the fingers, the food is packed just right, and you feel like you get a lunch out of it. The fries are the thin type, sure, but then again (a) I don't feel like I just ate half of the meal's calories from them and (b) they have those awesome quad-size ketchup packets if you take it to go.If you want something besides just a burger and fries - or you can't medically stomach sesame seed buns - steer clear. But if you want a surgical strike team to make your burger, this is a good place to try.
3	Burgers, I like my burgers like I like my women, a hot mess. So all these Upscaled Burgers get on my nerves. And Le Gourmet Burger is no different.You'd think I would learn but I keep trying. In I go this small quaint little restaurant, hoping for burger goodness. But that would be what I like to call WRONG. I'm not gonna mess around and I'm gonna deconstruct this thing called a burger. First the bun, dry and over seasoned with sesame seeds. I love sesame seeds but here there was to much and tasted overcooked. All burger comes with lettuce, tomato, and caramelized onions. Now I never tasted them onions. The client also has a huge array of possible toppings. I opted for bacon (duh!) and Boursin. Now Boursin is awesome but let's face it, it's France's answer to Kraft Philly cheese. It's a cheap, cheap cheese and yet it was more expensive than Brie but it added a nice taste to the burger. Also added some delicious garlic mayo."But Dave, what about the patty?" you say. Yeah about that. The burgers are grilled over charcoal. Personally I prefer burgers on a flattop but grilled over charcoal, not bad either. However you better cook it right. Charcoal will dry ground chuck FAST. And TADA I got me a dry overdone patty. Firstly, you need at the very least 20% fat content if yer gonna fire grill burger. (Why I love flattops, the burger cooks in its fat.). The fat will keep it moist and add, you guessed it, flavour.The burger looked pretty but tasted just north of OK.Fries? Well they were pretty tasty in my poutine. The sauce was pretty tasty to, but I don't feel it was made from a reduction but I could be wrong, and ehhhh WHERE'S THE CHEESE? Looked more like fries with sauce than poutine.Oh and homemade lemonade my ass.The Cheeburger Cheeburger experience is far more what I look for in a burger. Simple, fresh made but awesome burgers. Meat, buns, cheese and bacon. No trippy hippy upscale bullshit. Burgers should not be upscaled, it should be a hot messy affair. So Le Gourmet Burger get's a middle of the road 3 outta 5.
4	Very decent veggie burger option which consists of grilled vege pate. Great soda selection (including black cherry). Really like the sweet potato and regular potato mix option. Lots of original condiments as well as burger toppings and cheeses. The cost can add up really quick with the added toppings but the variety is fantastic. Was not incredibly impressed with their poutine. Way better vegetarian poutine options in this neighborhood. Have been accidentally served a meat burger before when I ordered a veggie burger so check your veggie burger before you take a bite. Open very late- Have been here at midnight and I think I've seen them open as late as 1am.
5	When i'm in the mood to punish my body with pure goodness- i show up at Gourmet Burger where nothing but perfection is served.This isn't fast food. Be prepared to wait up to 15 minutes for your burger, and watching it being made is half the fun. Gourmet Burger is one of those rare places that takes pride in their fresh food. Everything from the fresh cut potatoes to the constant caramelization of onions is mind boggling.My favourite is the Gentleman burger, complete with walnuts, blue cheese and bacon. And not saggy, white, chewy bacon- no; i'm talking crispy, salty bacon crackers that make me want to chew forever.Good job Gourmet Burger! I will gladly pay $15 for your food and never regret it.
2	Clean and focused; that's what I love about this place. Especially at lunch, you want a good burger and just enough fries to reach the cusp of a carb coma. Additional bonus points for those quad-size ketchup packets!What has taken down my rating - and prompted this update - is that the quality has stepped down a bit over time. The wait is getting longer. Group orders virtually close down the restaurant. They don't take debit. Half the time, the bun is overbaked, resembling a softened stone.  The veggies are becoming inconsistent. You have to ask for their specialty sauces. Simply put, this is a 3-star burger with 2-star order requirements, and I can only give one rating. So I'm going with this one, but if you think more highly, I won't blame you. At times, it's one of the best burgers in Montreal. But for my $10+ lately I think I'd rather take a shot with Cheeburger.
3	I go here for lunch occasionally whenever I am craving a decent burger.  I usually get a beef burger with monterrey jack cheese, guacomole, bacon, and caramelized onions.  The beef is usually cooked alright and by adding the guacomole the burger doesn't require any condiments.  The sweet potato fries definitely complete the meal.  For food the rating I give is 4 stars.  However, I give it 3 stars due to the following reasons.The place is small and has a limited amount of seats and gets crowded during lunch time.  It does take awhile to get your meal too.  You need to plan to spend awhile waiting.Also, recently a lot of things haven't been working such as the condiment dispenser near the counter.
3	Ok Ok--this place is ok, not stupendous by any means but decent. The place is a little walk-up resto on a side street in downtown Montreal. Please note--and this is important--it is CASH only. They have an ATM machine in the resto but its a white-label one that charges you $1.50 to withdraw, and you're bank will also charge you at least another $1.50 but BRING CASH. Many patrons find this out only after having ordered their burger and they're forced to make the trek to the bank machine even though they'd really rather not. Anyways to the food. The burgers are DRY, like not juicy goodness like you'd hope but well-done, cooked a little too long, and DRY, let me emphasize DRY. you need to put condiments on there. My boyfriend and I spread garlic mayonnaise on the bun and that made a world of a difference. I agree with another reviewer who says you cannot--I repeat, cannot--taste the caramelized onions. So don't thing those will hold you over, you'll need to pony up the dough and add something from the optional menu. I suggest a cheese--brie is nice, etc. etc.--and probably bacon, just to add to the flavour (which is, quite honestly, lacking). The burgers are much better at a chain restaurant like Harvey's. I know know the hipster side of me is scolding me for encouraging people to go to a corporate behemoth like Harvey's, but truth be told their burgers really are much better (and they're grilled; not microwaved like McDonald's). This place is nice for a different burger experience; it is definitely higher end than a typical Harvey's location, for example. As others have noted be prepare to wait wait wait. Today there was a group of 5 people in front of us and literally took us 20 minutes to get our burgers. Yes, 20 minutes. You can phone ahead and they'll place you're order for you in advance and then you can pick it up, but often I'm not planning in advance to go to a burger place. I just wanna walk in, order, and eat soon after ordering. This is not an option here. You will have to wait, longingly looking at your fellow diners as they chow down. SO: why the three stars? I like the fries, and the different kinds of mayo available. They have spicy mayo, wasabi mayo, garlic mayo, regular mayo ... and another one which I forget at the moment. But I highly recommend the spicy mayo. If the pumps do not work, just ask the associate and he/she will provide with you a small container of it. The pumps are often out of commission so be prepared to ask. Also, the homemade lemonade is phenomenal. Today, not so much, a little watered down, but usually its amazing. I would definitely order the lemonade over any other beverage available. Also, you can spike the lemonade with vodka (its a licensed restaurant). This is always a good option if you're visiting/on vacation, stopping in before a night out on the town. This restaurant is good for those who are staying in hotels in the area: Le Centre Sheraton, the Marriott, etc. because its close to the hotel, and its not outrageously expensive (I think my burger, fries, and drink was $12 which, while a little pricey for what its worth, is not too too bad). Maybe you'll have a better experience with your burger and pay the price to dress it up, but I was underwhelmed.
3	Was not too impressed with the service or the burgers. Waitress/cashier did not smile much, no warmth at all. Burgers my boyfriend and I ordered were veg but so salty!! It was so salty that I had to drink water constantly. Fries were not bad though. Maybe the veg burgers aren't good to begin with and the beef and chicken could have been better. But still, if they can't make a decent veg burger they should not put it on the menu.  Or maybe because I have high expectations when I eat veggie burgers. Anyway place was ok, seemed like a fancier fast food restaurant to me. Very small eating area and only one person making the burgers. To conclude, it was mediocre.
4	It's a heavenly, deadly, sin. But so worth it! They have a variety of meats to choose from and a veggie patty that is pretty b-o-m-b, as well as various cheeses, toppings, french fries, and poutine. My personal recommendation: Beef or veggie burger, sweet potato fries (a MUST) with spicy mayo sauce, and their home-made lemonade is deeeelicious - it never hurts to spike it either!
4	Today's order: Bacon and cheese burger, with a side of perfect sweet potato fries that melt in your mouth! Washed it down with a good Quebec brew of Griffintown. Life is good.Gourmet Burger even has a sticker on the door that says Yelp loves them :) I second that! I wouldn't say it's the 100% best burger in town, but it's definitely a great burger joint.
3	Good burgers, but they get expensive once you add on toppings. The selction of toppings is great, but to spend $40 on 2 burgers, 2 poutine, 2 drinks, and a beer seemed a bit steep for what it was.The lemonade was delicious, and the two kids working (cashier and cook) were incredibly friendly. The cook was playing The White Stripes off his ipod and we started talking about music and our man crushes for Jack White.The cashier did serve me a beer at room temperature. It was our first night in Montreal and I was beat from the drive, so I didn't question it. I figured they must not chill beer in Montreal. What do I know? Lucky for me it was a good enough local beer that I was able to drink it without a problem. But then as we are leaving, she asked if the beer was okay at room temperature and explained that the fridge was broke and had been down all day. Really, you could mention that when I ordered it. Oh well, her being cute and friendly made this much easier to take.
4	The food is just amazing! A burger is about $6 then you pay around $1 for whatever you want to add to the burger (bacon, pickle..). $3 for fries and you have an option of regular fries, sweet potatoes or mixed! (I recommend the mixed one).$6 for poutines! (which are really good!)Drinks are $2-$3. I usually take a coke and for $1 more, I get a scoops of vanilla icecream added to it! (just amazing)!
2	Kinda pricey but good flavors on the burgers from the extra condiments.  Basil pesto and goat cheese are awesome.  But comes down to terribly overcooked beef, overcooked egg on the burger (Dear LGB, the point of an egg on a burger is to have the yolk break over the beef, NOT to have a piece of rubber on your hockey puck of a burger).  And FFS, the poutine.  I'm a NYer, NOT a poutine expert, but something tells me I shouldn't be able to up stab at it with a fork and PICK UP 3/4 OF THE ENTIRE PORTION ON MY FORK BECAUSE IT'S A BIG CONGEALED WRECK OF GRAVY, CHEESE AND GREASE.  Yeah, pretty sure one normally doesn't require and fork AND KNIFE to eat poutine.  Yes, LGB, I just described your food as a CONGEALED WRECK...not a good look.
3	I think it is the perfect food to order if you are home with friends and no one wants to go out or cook, which happens a lot in winter. Forget about ordering pizza and try this. I love their veggie burger with sun dried tomatoes and truffle oil, and I'm anything but a vegetarian. :D
4	Le Gourmet Burger is a small place (max. seating ~25), but surprisingly delicious. If you are looking for a quick bite of quality burger at an inexpensive place, Le Gourmet Burger is for you.  I picked up a coupon for a free drink (Found at www.restomontreal.ca). The amount of options for your burger also means that you can discover a new flavour everytime you go in. I ordered a Bison burger (where else can you get a Bison burger this quickly?) with sweet potato fries. Food is cooked right in front of you, and I was impressed from what I saw. Fresh meat patties placed on grilled, buns toasted, and fries were dropped into the deep-fryer as they were ordered. My burger was cooked medium. Juices were dripping onto my tray as I took each bite. Fries were also cooked right (very crispy, and not burned). Overall, a very good burger joint near Concordia where students can enjoy a good burger for a reasonable price.
1	PRICE: overpriced for the quality of food the restaurant has purchased. AMBIENCE: This restaurant is pretty looking. With bright green walls and exposed brick, the grill is right in plain view and adds a nice hint of steel to the place.  but it was ICE COLD IN THERE!  i never took off my coat and wished I coulda kept on my gloves. The floor was dusty and gross. They do not serve their food on plates. just small foil squares about 4 inches by 4 inches (the burger takes up the whole square.)STAFF: super nice. college type kids. just two staff. Welcoming. FOOD: I WANTED: a chicken burger, but at 6pm when we came in they "had no more chicken left" WE HAD:  *one beef burger with lettuce, tomato, cheddar, a fried egg, & guacamole.*one beef burger with lettuce, tomato, cheddar, bacon, eggplant & pickles.*poutine*regular fries.-- soggy burnt fries ( i know what you are thinking "that sounds like a mind fuck"  but it happened)-- the poutine was about the worst part of the meal. The cheese curds came in a plastic bag, ripped open and poured onto our gravy.  --The one burger with the 2 giant long-sliced pickles on it was drippy! with what I DONT know?! The other didnt drip. Growing up around the food industry, I am able to  tell how much quality of work was put into it a restaurant. I could tell the owner of this very small establishment purchases the lowest quality of materials he or she can find.  I would never go back. Not for a $33 meal.
2	Went here for Burger Week expecting to be blown away. The description read like a great novel, drawing me in closer with every word. But when I got a closer look, it read more like a Mad Magazine. After waiting about 25 minutes for our food (5 of which were spent eyeing our finished patties as they sat on the counter), these lacklustre beef injections were dropped on a tray and handed to us. So after unwrapping this sadly dressed meatwich, I go in for me first bite... lukewarm (did I order an iceburg?). Say what you will about McDonald's, at least they keep their grub above room temperature. On top of that, our steamed yams (SKINERRRRR!) were dry and poorly garnished - definitely not worth the $10 it cost (without fries, I might add). Anyway, if you want slow service, cold burgers and overpriced everything, Gourmet Burger is the place for you. But you're better than that, and you know it.
1	One of the  most unsanitary restaurants I've experienced downtown. Just witnessed the "cook" mop a dirty floor with a hand rag, NOT wash his hands, and then handle the hamburger, bun and lettuce with his bare, dirty hands. To boot, he's wearing a dirty hat on his head, and eating food with his bare hands whilst cooking customers' food. If you're going to call your restaurant "gourmet", and operate with an open kitchen, then how about some hygiene, ie) soap in the cook's kitchen? Blech.
1	HOR-RI-BLE!The burger with "Foie Gras":Dry, MSG (my mouth immediately started burning and numbing on the roof of my mouth, which is caused from MSG) and I bit into a thick piece of cartilage. The Foie had the texture of cheap canned cat food. I've had a cat and I know what cat food looks and smells like. Fries:Disgusting. They brag that they use Canola Oil (originally produced as an industrial lubricant). It's cheap to buy for a reason. It makes fries the consistency of soggy plastic. Chicken Sandwich: Dry, Dry, Dry.Salad:Old browning lettuce, horribly dry hard croutons. Dressing that was advertised as olive oil/balsamic but tasted like Canola Oil. Surprise!False advertising! Stay Away!
3	Service is slowFood is good thoughOnly one selection of sides , fries.
3	I kind of agree with both the good and the bad reviews lol. It was my first time eating here and I had the chicken burger with add-ons of  bacon, guacamole, and cheddar. I didn't realize ahead of time that the burger already comes with caramelized onions. I also ordered sweet potato fries and their "homemade" lemonade. The total for this was $14. Taxes are already included in the prices. Anyway, sweet potato fries were good in the beginning but ended up giving me a bit of a sick stomach at the end because they were too sweet. The burger comes on a brioche bun and while the first half of the burger went down quick due to my extreme hunger, I started to notice just how sweet the bun is by the second half, so much so that I had to stop eating the fries to curb the cloying nature of the whole meal. I think the sweetness of the caramelized onions didn't help either. The chicken was made on charcoal, it wasn't dry so that's a plus, but also wasn't super flavorful. The bacon was excellent, very crispy. Guac was pretty much not evident so I think it's just mashed avocado, no seasoning. The lemonade has a weird taste to it, almost reminded me of this sweet cough syrup I loved as a child, so while it was strange and not like regular lemonade, I drank it probably due to some nostalgia lol. Overall, I'd probably go back if I was really stuck on where to eat and didn't want the million other options in the area. The bun bothers me though, and i understand another reviewer's question of hygiene. Mops and trash out in the open and the sink was not working in the bathroom so you had to use one outside of the bathroom door and only cold water. So yeah it's not super clean, but c'est la vie!  Oh and to end on a good note, portions are large so I found the price reasonable.
5	I just love it .. Nice place easy location and good customer service .It's amazing that I can eat my own selection of the most delicious hamburger ever If you like your burger with eggs this is the place
4	maybe it has something to do with the 10 beers I drank on St.Patty's day before coming here , but this was the best burger I've had in a long time.  I like how they have a open kitchen so you can see exactly what's happening,   Choices are limited, but what they do, they do gooooood.
1	Extremely disappointing. Greasy burgers, overpriced and stale brownies. There's much better food in the area (Burritoville and The Green Panther are both excellent), not to mention better burger places in Montreal!
5	I felt like eating light today but everyone I was with really wanted burgers. I had the mini salmon burger with guacamole, a side salad and a half lemonade/ iced tea.  Everything was DELISH and not too heavy at all. I couldn't resist stealing some fries from my friend and somehow I found the will power to stop myself from eating them all, but it wasn't easy! I've eaten there before and I know sometimes it can get busy at lunch so we called ahead to place our order. Our food was ready just as we walked in the door, they timed it perfectly.I highly recommend this place, even for those looking for something on the lighter side. There's so many options everyone in a group can find something they love.
4	Lovely place, friendly and fast service, juicy burger, and the mixed potato cone was outstanding. If you like to try new flavours, ask for the wasabi mayo!
2	The wait times were ridiculous. 4 people were ahead of our group in line, and it took an hour before we gave our orders. It took 15 minutes for the burgers to be made, which is pretty long for a place that seems like a fast food joint. The worst part was the manager. The manager presented himself, and made no apologies about the long wait. He did not make any effort to make the customers happy (like offering complimentary drinks or something). When we voiced our displeasure, he left the restaurant, and did not come back. For the time he was there, he did not attempt to help the overwhelmed employees. Absolutely no pride in his establishment and obviously no care for the customers.In the end, the burger was average and overcooked. The bison burger is not worth 9 dollars.
4	Was in the area and felt like a good burger, so came in here.Very casual place, but still nice, emphasis on good burgers and friendly staff. way less intense and pretentious than m:brgr, although both have their pros/cons.Since it's burger week, ordered two of the specials: mushrooms, fondue cheese, spicy mayo, chipotle, and a bunch of other stuff. Fries, drinks. It was really good and yummy. I'd definitely return. The sweet potato fries were perfect. Honestly, some of the best ones I ever had in my life (not that I'm a connoisseur or anything), but I couldn't imagine a fried chip tasting better with such texture. I wonder why the normal fries aren't exactly the same texture.My one complaint about this kind of place though is this semi self-service business. What I mean is when you pay at the counter, and serve your self, for the most part, yet there is still kind of service, like some things get brought to the table etc, most you get yourself, but it's not clear ever. What's annoying about this kind of place, is that I usually don't tip 15% at a self serve, but these places seem to kind of require a bit of tip for the semi-service, and I can never tell. I got the feeling today that a staffer was upset that I tipped like 7.5% instead of 15%, and this happens at every semi self-serve. It's awkward, I wish policy would be clearer place to place.
2	I came here with a friend when he recommended it. The place was pretty deserted and small but it was to be expected from a random "fast" food joint downtown.I ordered a chicken burger with fries and I'd like to say that charging 1$ for a fucking slice of cheddar is NOT OK.  The food was above average (meat was fresh and cooked well and the fries tasted pretty good) but it was not worth the price. They gave me like 10-12 small curly french fries for 3$. I'm pretty sure I paid 4$ for the presentation. Which is pretty useless if you consider the appearance of the establishment.What really pissed me off was the wait. 25 fucking minutes for 2 burgers and 2 small portions of fries? Really? All-in-all, you could walk to M Burg down a few streets, pay a little more and get the best burger in town. Not worth it, there are better places.Also love how they expect a tip before we're served even though there is barely any service.
