5	The service was great! Food is even better. Try the Arizona sushi roll if you like sushi with a kick!
4	Service great and food was super, made my own bowl, price is reasonable, not to busy for just opening, but then again it's HOT outside. Will go back again.
5	Had the steak bowl with udon noodles and the crab cheese wonton roll. Steak was very tender and juicy. The wonton rolls were fantastic. The atmosphere in the restaurant is very laid back, everyone was super freiendly. Will definitely be coming back to try something different.
5	Really good and fresh! Left feeling full but not heavy! Fresh veggies, wild caught seafood-trendy vibe. Will return!
3	I thought this place was alright. Service was great though. Every staff was pleasant and helpful and make sure we were taken care of. I had the Joe's roll and thought that was good. Also, had the steak bowl with mushrooms and spinach. It was ok. Might need to give it a second try.
5	So far I really like this place. The green curry is great. .  I also love the spring rolls with peanut sauce.  My kids liked the sushi they ordered and my grand son loved the kids teriyaki  chicken and noodles.  Dessert sushi was pretty good also. The price are not to bad.  The only thing I would change is the peanut skewers would have been better if they were grilled.   they appear steamed. We will be back to try more. One thing that would be great is curbside del for take out.  I get most of my orders to go. they don't have a place just to pick up take out.  I feel like I have to wait in line to get my order.
3	Tokyo Joes is a fast casual style restaurant that's pretty good, but I think has some room to get better.I had a create your own bowl with chicken, veggies, noodle, and the Spicy-aki sauce. The "spicy-aki" sauce was a disappointment--not spicy at all. The portion size was monstrous, and I felt like I was getting all noodles.  Shrimp is listed under a signature bowl but not on the BYO, which is a bummer.This place reminds me of Noodles and Company, but is lacking in combo options. I would love to see some other sushi/bowl/salad combo box. All they have is a Zushi box which is a combo of nigiri and rolls. What if I want a roll combo with a salad? I think it would be great if you had a Trio/pick two style like Panera or Noodles and Company where you could have a bowl and sushi, or sushi and a salad. As it stands now the portions are entirely too big to do this ala carte.I'll probably be back to try their sushi, but the bowls I may stay away from- too big!
5	Have already been here twice... First to the VIP opening (thanks to my daughter who works here) and then again for dinner. Both times the food was great! Chicken is Super fresh and so are the veggies! Both times I got build your own bowls...mmmmmm!!!  I have a friend who had severe dietary restrictions and this is the perfect place! They do everything they can to accommodate food allergies and restrictions without sacrificing taste!  so glad to have a healthy alternative "fast food" place in the area! Go to Joe's!!!
4	Upon driving by the "coming soon" on my daily AJ's run, I looked up Tokyo Joe's and learned all about its rich Colorado history. A few months into my gluten avoidance, I welcomed the idea of a fresh Asian spot in the neighborhood. They've not quite been open a week and I've visited them three times, trying something new every time. The Gyoza is a delicious starter, the sushi rolls are great and the bowls, soups and salads offer a variety of flavors sure to never get boring. My husband ordered a green curry and his response was: Aside from the searing burn on my tongue, this is flavorless. I have personally enjoyed the General Joe's soup, MoJoe bowl and I've built my own. I'm sure to be a regular here.
5	Denver based companies have risen in the valley again!!Seriously, LOVE me some TJ's.They offer great, healthy options (for real though, check out the nutrition facts on the website) and best of all, it's veggie-saur paradise, complete with rice, all the veggies you can fit into a bowl and even tofu. And the good kind of firm tofu.If you haven't been in yet, get your booty in here...te service is FAST and friendly. Oh and they even offer freshly made sushi right before your very eyes if you're into that sort of thing.And, bonus, they have four types of freshly brewed tea!See you at TJ's!
5	We went to Tokyo Joe's for the first time, and really liked it., the food was very fresh tasting, and very good portions. I had a delicious chicken bowl with  rice, fresh vegetables and curry. My wife and daughter enjoyed their food also..
4	We don't have much (read any) experience with sushi and this looked like a reasonable place to try it out.  We went one time without trying the sushi, partly because we didn't know where to start.  The manager convinced us to come back and give it another try.We started off with the spring rolls which were delicious.  The fresh, high quality vegetables are really their strength.  We had two orders of the Zushi boxes and tried most of Sushi menu.  We don't have any reference point to compare to, but we liked everything, although the dragon sauce was a little too spicy for my wife.  It's a place we will go back to and glad we found a way to try it in an unintimidating way.I really like these restaurants like Chipotle and Panda that operate in between fast food and sit down dining.  If you haven't tried sushi, go in and ask for some recommendations and give it a try.  It's really not something to be afraid of.
1	Absolutely disgusting food. It tasted as though a microwavable meal was defrosted and put in a bowl. Everyone in my party agreed that the food lacked flavor and that all the noodles and vegetables were mushy.  The area around the drink dispenser was sopping wet and the trash was overflowing. Very disappointed and I will not be returning.
5	Went there for dinner time around 6pm. The place was pretty full, looks nice on the inside. They have a sushi type bar on the left and it's a kinda order and sit kind of place. Food was good, I got the chicken noodle bowl. I really liked it, it wasn't too saucy or feel really heavy. Everything seemed pretty fresh. I would definitely come back and maybe try the ramen.
3	We tried this place, the noodles were ok, the appetizers were ok. Just average. We had to ask for silverware, napkins and a bowl to mix the wasabi in. We tried the sushi too, it was average as well.
5	Very fresh, high quality, good prices. Got the cali tartare roll and tried the chicken teriyaki. Both were delicious. They use real crab in their rolls
1	We had a VERY bad experience eating here for the first time. It almost seemed like nothing went right.The service: During the course of our meal, the waitress got two of our orders wrong and mouthed off to me when I politely asked her to correct the mistake. She then proceded to complain about us to the sushi bar employee (specifically calling our table "those vegetarians"). The sushi bar employee then complained about our table to another waitress. I complained to the manager, Courtney, about this poor service and she was nice enough to give us three "I'm Sorry" free meals. Thank you, Courtney! You were the highlight of our overall frustrating experience.The Food: everything was bland, watery, and burnt. The sauce didn't even have flavor. The aftermath of this is that we all feel like we are going to puke (including the meat-eaters in our parties).Cleanliness: one of the waitresses spilled a drink on my mother and father (and their food). She was very nice and apologized for it, but then it took the entirety of our meal for anyone to clean it up. And we had to ask for napkins and for them to replace our meals.Supplies: there were no lids for the To-Go cups.Overall, this was a very poor experience. Even though we got free meals, we will not be returning. At least we have a funny tale to tell about the worst Father's Day meal we've ever experienced.
1	If you're a vegetarian, do not eat here. The tofu tasted like charcoal and the rest of the ingredients in the bowl were bland. It was probably one of the worst meals I've had in a long time. We ordered spring rolls with tofu and they gave us chicken and then complained about the fact that we had to send it back and they had to remake it. The staff made fun of us in the back for the whole duration of our meal. One of my favorite lines was "I'm tired of having to remake things for vegetarians." I'm sorry, but if you offer vegetarian options, you better not complain when you screw up.The only plus side to this was the manager. She was very nice and personable though we had to get her ourselves because the waitresses refused to do so. When vegetarian options are added, the staff should expect to serve many vegetarian customers and should be professional about it, not making fun of us to where we can hear it. They further complained after one waitress spilled water all over us and some of the food when we asked for replacement bowls. This place is bad, not worth the money or time. It made everyone in my group sick, even those that eat meat, and is an overall horrible place.
4	Just open a couple of weeks ago.   Have gone there twice;     I find the food good and reasonable priced; there sushi is great as well.    Suggest you try this place.    I think you will be pleasantly surprised.       It is now one of my regular lunch stops.
3	If you're looking for authentic Japanese food, don't even bother.  But if you want a quick meal from a restaurant with a similar setup like Pei Wei, this could be your place.  I thought the ramen was decent, but would I go back for it?  Probably not.
5	This place is awesome . I had the vegetarian sushi and it was perfect. The service was great and the employees were extremely knowledgeable about their choices. Thank you Jaime and Michael for vegan recommendations. YOU GUYS ROCK !
2	I got a "virgin card" before Tokyo joe's opened where you get a free meal your first and 5th visit. I decided to give it a try and ordered a build your own bowl for take out. The lady who took my order on the phone was great! She was very helpful and had an upbeat and positive attitude. When I got to the restaurant, the cashier who rang me up handed me a receipt and said they would call my name. I sat down and waited for over 15 minutes (when I was told my order would be ready less than 10) and saw many customers who came in after me and ordered to go in the restaurant get their food. The same cashier who rang me up was close to me and kept making eye contact but never said anything to me. How he was so oblivious that I was waiting for an order was beyond me. I finally went back up to the counter and there was a woman who looked like the manager talking to another cashier. I handed her my receipt and asked if  she could check on it because I had been waiting quite awhile. Turned out my bag of food was sitting behind the register the ENTIRE time, prior to my arrival. She quickly grabbed the bag and said "sorry" without paying attention to me. The other cashier who is a male with tattoos and gauged ears actually apologized sincerely and he wasn't the one helping me!!! They obviously need a lesson in customer service and the man who actually sounded like he cared needs to have a manager title. It would have been nice for the manager to ask if there was anything else she could do for me. Heck, I would have been happy with a free drink. I'm glad my meal was free with the coupon I brought in, otherwise I would have been even more angry. Aside from my food being cold when I got home it was delicious and a large portion size. Going back here won't be on my agenda anytime soon.
2	Was going to give this place 3 stars for effort, and because I only made one visit, but they managed to lose one at the very end of my visit. I was out searching for something new and different in the area, with out much luck. That's when I spotted Tokyo Joe's Healthy Asian Grill.  I decided to give it a shot. Should've known I wasn't in for the best Asian dining experience, when I walked in and the place looked like every other new fast food place that have been popping up in the area. Ex: Cafe Rio, Cafe Zupas, etc. Sadly there also wasn't a single Asian person in the place. Ordering was fairly quick, with sushi, build your own bowl, and a couple pre -designed items. The place offers several different iced tea options, sadly, the first two selections I made were empty. I ordered the gyoza appetizer, ramen noodles, and the aforementioned iced tea. I'm going to preface this by saying that I grew up in a primarily Asian family, so I hold my Asian foods to a higher standard. That being said, the food sucked. The gyoza's were of the pre packaged store bought variety (or at least the taste and texture suggested that) with a few dried out green onions sprinkled on top. The accompanying dipping sauce was good (ponzu I believe). Ramen was over cooked and bland. The broth had a decent flavor, but was not enough to save the meal. The egg was too over over cooked for my liking. Chicken also seemed pre packaged. So here's where they lost a star. Managers take note. If a staff member makes eye contact with a customer, they should at least be acknowledged. ESPECIALLY if the customer says something to them. On my way out the door, one of the employees crossed paths with me. I said excuse me as I made my way by, then said have a nice night. They looked at me as if they were deaf... (If they were actually deaf, I'll retract this part of my review) Either way, long story short, no I would not recommend this place and will not be back. If you're going out for Asian, there's many places I would recommend, over this one, that are in the area. Try Thai Chili or Simis Cafe instead. Happy Yelping!
5	I reviewed a message from the manager, Dawn, less than 24 hours from my first visit apologizing about the situation. I think it's great when a manager can admit to faults and grow themselves and their team from mistakes. I was not expecting her to reach out to me or invite me to come back for a great experience. I understand that mistakes happen and they are all teachable moments, it just depends on the accountability and ownership and their actions to rectify moving forward. I have accepted her invitation to come back and look forward to the great experience she guarantees I will have.
5	Today I stopped in to Tokyo Joe's for lunch. I have to say this is probably the best Asian food I've had in a long time. The food was fresh chicken was cooked properly and the management was extremely helpful and great customer service. The restaurant has a nice aura and I will definitely be coming back. I can't wait till they expand across the valley so I can bring my girlfriend as well.
5	Great amazing healthy delicious options.. Nice choices sushi made to order..no factory farmed meat here..fresh organic vegetables great customization..ambiance way above all walk up and order places..amazing and friendly service!  Great Prices for fresh healthy food..what more can you ask for?  Love this place!! Love the Tataki Salad and all Sushi options too!
4	Came in with my friend and her two children. We ordered a lot of food because we wanted to try everything. Food came out quickly and was delicious! A great place for a quick lunch! We will definitely be revisiting Tokyo Joes, especially after they get beer!
5	If I had to describe this place to someone who had never been I would say Chipotle meets Pei Wei with a Japanese twist.  That more or less describes the ambiance as it is a walk up order place with sit down service.  I thought thedark plates added a nice touch.  The food presentation was beautiful and the food itself was outstanding!  I had the lettuce wraps. The vegetables were excellent quality, there was a nice variety of sauces and the chicken was good too.  The service was very fast.  I was a bit worried when my friend suggested it, as I am not a fan of seafood or sushi and many places with sushi can't make anything but that, but I found lots of options.  I'm excited to return to try one of their bowls.  I love that they have a no carbs option with double the veggies.
5	This is my new favorite place to eat. It's quick and delicious! Prior to Tokyo Joe's opening, I was a regular at Yogi's Grill and let me tell you.... This place puts Yogi's to shame. Like Yogis, you can build a bowl with white chicken, dark chicken, steak, salmon or tofu.  You can choose white rice, brown rice or noodles.  That is where the similarities end. At Yogi's, you can choose teriyaki or spicy teriyaki sauces while at Joe's you can choose from like 8 different sauces. I have had two different ones. The Yakitori sauce is a spicy peanut sauce and is super good. My favorite is the Dragon sauce which is a lil hotter and less sweet than the Yakitori. They claim that the Dragon sauce is made with Habanero peppers which may be true, but it is not Habanero hot. While not as spicy as I was expecting, this sauce is delicious!  When building your own bowl you get to choose which veggies you want in it. The veggies are always fresh and crisp as they are placed in the bowl last. This place also offers many different kinds of sushi. I do not eat sushi so I will not comment on that but the rice or noodle bowls are great. Highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
2	I give it 2 stars.....ONLY because the staff and service were good. You may rate it higher if you are fond of those frozen Healthy Choice bowls.
4	Went here today with my husband, mom and grandma for lunch. There is a steady stream of customers coming through the door but the line moves quickly. Had edamame, spring rolls and spicy tuna rolls to start. The spring rolls were awesome! I would definitely order those again! Spicy tuna wasn't very spicy but it was good. And edamame was standard. Always good. I ordered the #1 bowl but with rice instead of noodles and I really liked it. Lots of veggies and chicken and I liked the crushed peanuts on top. Mom and grandma also had that bowl but with noodles and they thought it was good. Hubby ordered curried shrimp and he loved his shrimp. We also ordered the dessert rolls {I didn't try} and everyone at the table said they were just so so. The BEST part- I am an iced tea snob and they have 5 kinda of yummy flavored brewed iced tea. Only one was sweetened and it was with stevia {ok by me}. Tried two flavors and both were great! I liked this place- clean and new. Service was good. We will definitely go back.
3	Great things:  Fun ambiance, many healthy options, and speedy service.Not so great things:  Portions and FlavorWhile I don't have anything horrible to say about Tokyo Joe's I also do not have anything great to say about it either, which leads me to believe that it wasn't that worthwhile of an experience, or a dinner.  I left still feeling hungry, but not wanting to go back and order more.
5	Courtney and all the people there alway rock. They put up with my wifes endless add ons and my weird alergies and bad sence of humor!!! Great food and they take it seriously. If you ask for a certian ingredient to be excluded in your food they ask if its an alergy or a preference.  If its an alergy they make it on a separate surface and they do it with a smile!! Great food, great beer, great people
1	Wonderfully forgettable1. Food was bland, tasteless, and the bottom of my bowl was filled with water.2. Service was among the worst I have had in a long LONG time. i.e. Water being spilled on our group, snarky comments when there was and issue with the food.3. While this was a bad experience the manager didn't notice the entire time all of this was going on. When we did bring her attention to the issues she did make it right but to little  to late.
4	Have eaten here twice now.   First time had the teriyaki chicken bowl with veggies.  Love the flavor of the teriyaki sauce and the chicken was very tender and veggies were fresh.  Second time I went the service was very slow and our table was dirty, even after the server wiped it down it was still sticky.  I tried the curry chicken bowl with veggies and rice the and the curry was a little strong but the chicken was good as were the veggies.  I think I'll try it as takeout next time around.
1	You have to pay extra for any veggies when you build your own meal. Expensive for lunch if you build your own unless you like bland.
5	My first time was on Saturday August 2. I ordered a big tofu bowl with veggies and hot peanut sauces. First I would like to thank the person at the register for helping me figure out what is vegan friendly and being honest with me instead of bsing me around. Second the food was delicious and was fast to make. It was very colorful and not "bland" like these basic folks with no taste buds would say but hey that's just me. To each it's own. The spicy peanut sauce are to die for! It was very creamy and peanuty. Third the service was great when it was needed and they had a ready to help sorta attitude which was great but it was basically help yourself. (I.e. Getting your own drinks) the only service that was at the beginning; ringing up the order. I mean they even brought the food to you what more do you want?  lol   Overall it was a great first experience and I would recommended it to anyone that loves healthy Japanese food. Great non-bland food and great service when needed!!! New favorite place!!
5	I was here for the first time today and I can guarantee that I'll be back.  Had the Yakitori Bowl that was just outstanding!  Fresh vegetables,  mouth watering chicken and a sauce that I could eat on just about anything.  It's a little pricey for lunch but well worth it. My friend ordered a bowl to her liking and it was full of vegetables and chicken.  Service was quick considering it was lunch time and I appreciate the staff coming around to check on us. Go. Order. Enjoy.
5	Still one of my favorite places to have lunch.    I have tried most of their menu items and found them all to be great.     Their dessert is also very good; not too sweet but just right to top off a great lunch.      Highly recommend; I think you will enjoy the experience.
5	I love tokyo joes! I come here I at least once aweek! So happy they opened out here in Az! Used to go in Colorado all the time when I lived there. My favorite it the boulder bowl with yakitori! I could eat it everyday! The food is fast and fresh and amazingly good for you! No fillers, or weird things you can't pronounce.  The portions are very filling. Everytime I go, they give us fast and very friendly and peronalized service. I don't think ive ever had to wait longer than 7 minutes for our order, and it is normally even less.  Employees are always very nice and seem genuinely happy to be there. They have learned my name and say hi to me by name now! The one time there was a tiny problem with my order, they comped us a whole meal to make it right. I love Tokyo Joes and am so happy they are here. Their yakitori sauce is the best!
2	I was really excited when I saw this place opening. Tokyo Joes was highly recommended by some friends in Colorado, where it originated. I was a tad disappointed. I had teriyaki chicken and it reminded me a bit of Kyoto Bowl... Which was not what I was expecting. It wasn't terrible, I just thought it would be different.
5	As Colorado transplants, we fell in love with Tokyo Joe's back in Denver.  When we saw they were finally coming to the valley, we waited and hoped that it would live up to our expectations.I'm pleased to say that it's everything we expected!For the uninitiated, Tokyo Joe's offers semi-quick and healthy food for very reasonable prices.  We generally order their rice bowls, although I tried one of their salads tonight and was quite happy with it.It's not all roses... there were a few growing pains when the place first opened down here, but we stuck with it and I can say they've definitely ironed-out the wrinkles.If you're wanting something that will taste better (and help you live better) than fast food, but you want something faster and less costly than a big restaurant, I'd definitely recommend giving them a shot.
1	A Hangry Beast was growing inside of me when I entered Tokyo Joe's with my 'Free Lunch' coupon. Unable to decipher the menu to build my own bowl, I went with the MoJoe Bowl. It seemed to be their signature dish and came with dark meat, the best kind of meat. And it seemed like an adventurous twist.After what seemed like an appropriate wait time I was presented with a bowl of something I would expect my 3 year old cousin to make. Only after adding 2 packets of Sriracha did I find that mess of over cooked noodles, frozen pineapple, mechanically separated chicken product with terrible texture and that terrible/cheap watery sweet-and-sour sauce edible. On the plus side, they had sriracha on the table and I felt like I was in a nice restaurant with the decor and cleanliness while I was eating a bowl of terrible. I have another 'Free Lunch' coupon, I think I'll give it to my little cousin. He likes throwing pasta on the walls.
2	Mmm there are many places that offer "clean eating " with more flavor.  Their sauce is ... Just weak , no flavor :( so sad because I would love a healthy yummy option near here .   2 stars came only from good service , manager and servers were very pleasing just my tummy was not pleased .  Also their "side" veg option sucks , it's just one Huuuge order of same plain veg.   Needs mixing up option.  And people , huge loads of white rice is never the best "clean" food lol
4	We always order take out from here,  very convenient and tasty! Udon noodles are good very tasty  spicy sauce.  Ramen bowl is also good!
5	Wow. While I must admit I'm a fan as I eat at Tokyo Joe's in Colorado, I was even more impressed with this Arizona franchise. Little bit different Menu with more options. I seached it out as I was in Gilbert for business and I was glad I drove out of my way to do so. The food was awesome. I had the Arizona Sushi Roll which they don't have in Colorado and it was awesome, plus I had the Mahi Bowl and it too was awesome. Nice staff working there all very friendly. And the place was spotless even though it was packed with people. Again, great job Tokyo Joe's.
2	Ordered take out California Roll, Chicken satay, and a Udon Noodle Bowl. The California roll had a hair on the wasabi, which I don't use anyway but still gross. The chicken satay, the Chicken was very juicy but the peanut sauce, Not listed as SPICY was WAY SPICY. Not Cool. The Chicken Udon bowl was, well blah, boring as hell. Still in the fridge , who knows if it will get eaten or thrown away. Too many other great place, won't be back.
3	I really appreciate fast food restaurants that feature healthy food: no large portions of meat and lots of veggies. Basically the Chinese traditional cuisine.I ordered the yaktori bowl that had ramen noodles, chicken & vegetables. Thin slices of breast meat were clumped on top of almost firm noodles and a variety of fresh veggies and all covered with a strong sauce that overwhelmed the other flavors.My companions customized their bowls choosing rice, steak, chicken or salmon with veggies of their choice. There was an option for the sauce to be in a separate container.The layout and furnishings were plain modern functional. But the soda machine was so designed that if you are not very careful your hand will be drenched with soda when you try to get ice in your cup,
3	Did an order of take away sushi, nigiri and cucumber salad today on recommendation of a lifelong AZ resident. It's a LONG WAY from Tokyo and the ocean but provides basic sustenance in a streamlined setting. Wish I has seen the four flavors of brewed tea, may return to sample those.
4	Disappointed in myself for waiting so long to try this gem! I stopped in on a Friday evening and was in and out! Super fast service. I did the build your own bowl. Steak, Rice and Broccoli with the spicy teriyaki sauce. Simple yet delicious. The sauce came on the side and was so good! Perfect amount of spice. They have a huge selection of sushi, bowls and salads. Reasonably priced given the portion of food you get. The restaurant decor was modern and very cleaned up. Staff was fast, friendly and efficient. Only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the steak was a little cooler than the rest of the meal and wasn't sliced all the way through so when I went to shake the bowl up it didn't separate. I will def be back!
