5	We moved here from San Francisco a few months ago and were sad once we realized there were no Peruvian restaurants whatsoever (it's one of our all time favorite cuisines) in Madison until we read the Isthmus last week.  We were jumping up and down for joy when we read about Inka Heritage!We've been absolutely spoiled being able to eat at a number of Peruvian restaurants in San Francisco from Fresca, Destino, Limon, Mi Lindo Peru but Inka definitely takes the cake!The restaurant is located on S. Park St.  The building looks like it may have been an old diner at one point - I think it's because of the Inka Heritage "Pepsi" sign on the building.  However, the interior of the restaurant looks nothing like a diner.  It has the look and feel of a new restaurant with bright mango/orange colored walls, a few paintings and Incan art.APPETIZERCeviche - sea bass cut into small chunks marinated in lemon/lime juice and chilies and toped with slivered red onions.  It also came with a thick slice of yam or sweet potato and some hominy (really big corn kernels).  They asked if we wanted hot or mild and we said HOT!  It was incredibly delicious!DINNERLomito Saltado - tender pieces of steak strips sauted with onions, tomatoes, french fries, soy/peruvian sauce and served with rice.  This is a dish we get all the time and it was the best here (although, it could have used a bit more sauce).Pescado a lo Macho - fillet of sea bass lightly battered and fried (but very lightly) served with a white wine sauce along with more seafood - calamari, shrimp, mussels and a piece of king crab.  The taste of this dish was amazing!  The fish was cooked perfectly and flaked off nicely.  I didn't even need to eat the rice it comes with because there was enough seafood to fill me up.DESSERTAlfajores - delicious tender and thin shortbread sandwich cookies filled with dulce de leche (caramel condensed milk) covered with lots of powdered sugar and served with a few drizzles of chocolate sauce and fresh whip cream around the plate.  OMG!  I couldn't stop thinking about this dessert for the rest of the weekend!WE ARE DEFINITELY GOING BACK!  AND YOU SHOULD TOO!  KEEP THIS PLACE IN BUSINESS IT'S A GEM!Also, the prices here are very reasonable.  Dinner for two (all of the above including a glass of wine each) was under $50 (before tip)! :)
5	When my well traveled cousin came to visit in Madison before departing for the Peace Corps (2 years in rural Guatemala) I scrambled to find a dining experience ethnic enough for her tastes.   I actually heard a lot about this place and since I didn't know what Peruvian was, I took that to mean it would more than suffice.  I used to dine at this location quite frequently as a freshman when it was a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant, so I was amazed at how the interior was turned around.  We had dinner here and the candle light bounced warmly off the yummy mango colored walls.  We were led to a cozy corner of the restaurant and was greeted by an attentive server.  Not sure what to order, we asked his opinion and discovered his thorough knowledge of the menu.  I ended up ordering the lamb while my cousin opted for the seafood dish and a chicken cheese dish.  We ate how we were raised--sharing en trees--and I found each plate to be delectable.  The lamb was so succulent, each bite so rich and hearty my mouth watered for more.  The seafood dish (which was recommended) was done to perfection--shrimp plump and juicy, King Crab legs already cut.  My favorite was the chicken dish which had an interesting cheese crumb outside layer.  The sides made out from corn were rich in flavor.  Overall this was quite an interesting dining experience.  I've been having pangs for the chicken and surprisingly the lamb ever since.  Though I'm not familiar with Peruvian cuisine, my taste buds tell me this is as true as it gets!
4	One of my favorite new restaurants in Madison. A varied (warning to vegans: carnivore heavy!) menu with pleasant service and simple food that's clearly been made with care.I've never been to South America so I can't make any claims on authenticity but we had a great meal that was something different from the standard ethnic fare.
5	This place is simply awesome.  The civiche is incredible!  The only civiche I have had that compares was prepared by a local Panamanian woman on Boca Brava in Panama, but I digress.All the other reviews go into great detail about this place and are very accurate.I would also like to mention the service is fantastic.
4	I went to Inka Heritage for lunch, and it was excellent.  Upon sitting down, the waitress brought the white-board sign on a stand from the front of the restaurant and plopped it down in front of us.  She was friendly, but I guess she thought it would be easier for us to read the specials instead of having her explain them!Among one of the lunch specials, we tried a soup, which was great.. chicken, cilantro, peas, corn, carrot, and other yummy stuff!  (I can't remember what else was in it).We also had the Lomo Saltado which was pieces of very tender beef with tomatoes onions, rice, and french fries with an awesome sauce.  Very tasty!In addition, we shared a "Choritos a la chalaca", five muscles served with a cilantro-lime tomato salsa in the shell.  MMMMM!!!Overall, the interior was nice, and the waitress was attentive and happy.  It was a very cold and snowy day (Here on vacation from California) so I didn't get the best overall picture. Sorry!
4	So finally we went to Inka....I can't tell you how long I have wanted to go there!We had heard only good things about the place. There's only 1 thing that kept us away for so long and why I probably will not return soon. That's also the reason I will take off a star: LOCATION. S. Park is not my first choice for fine dining or any kind of dining, unless I am in the area and really hungry! Call me snobbish, but I live on the near-west side of Madison and only like to go downtown or west for my culinary escapades. Having said that, we made the exception for Inka and did not come away unhappy - that says a lot about the restaurant!On the inside, the restaurant is pretty cozy and lively with mango-colored walls and some South American art. We happened to go at a time when they were hosting a party of 10 people who were clearly from South America. That's always a good sign when you see natives, right? So we started with the fresh fish ceviche which was phenomenal. I can't vouch for the authenticity coz I am no Peruvian, but it was darn good. For entrees, I had the Lomo Saltado (excellent, 4.5 stars for being a little stingy with the sauce). The wife had Seco de Cordero (very tasty sauce, nice sides, 4.5 stars coz the lamb could have been a little more tender). We ended with the Mousse de Lucuma, a delectable creamy concoction using a Peruvian fruit of the same name.All in all, a very enjoyable experience. I wouldn't place it with the stalwarts of Madison's "fine-dining", but definitely a must-go if you live/work in the area. I'd love it even more if they were in a different location....but that may be just me!
4	Rare for me, but i think I can get on the raving band wagon for this place.I had a lovely Thursday night dinner with my boyfriend. We had a early dinner (around 6:30pm) so the place wasn't crowded at all. We were immediately seated and received cordial service throughout the evening. I had a very rich coconut + seafood broth based soup. Delicious. It's one of those dishes i never knew existed, and perhaps never can recreate in my own kitchen. Loved it. My boyfriend had a dish with lots of different seafood ...sorry, forgot the name. But I do remember that was also nice dish. The price of the main plates are around mid-teens. Maybe it's slightly higher than the surrounding Park st establishments, but i thought it's worth it. I would repeat here again :)
4	On my blurry weekend in Madison for a wedding, my friend recommended we try this Peruvian place.  Situated on the outskirts of campus, i was excited to sample the seafood fare, as Peruvians always do seafood right.The inside is cozy and the service is quite friendly and quick.  I sampled the fish that the others ordered and it was very tasty.  Ceviche, also good.  My dish was pretty much a deep-fried trip around Peru.  Fried mussels, fish, shrimp, scallops, clams, and other critters that walk the ocean floor that i can't remember.  It was super heavy, super delicious, and frankly i might have had temporary vision loss.  It was quite the meal.Also, the food is pretty cheap.  My entree cost a whole $12 dollars.  It pretty much allowed me to drop a bunch of cash on State St.  College bars rule.
4	Very authentic food and service.
4	Good food and a unique flavor in Madison. I've enjoyed all of my visits here and I hope to come back. I only wish they had more ways to get plantains! The flan was tasty for dessert. Hope to have the opportunity to expand this in the future.
4	My previously undiscovered love for Peruvian cuisine took flight with the first bite of my lomo saltado. arg. Soooooo much love. Want. More. Now.
4	Yum!  The food here is super flavorful.  I ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the boyfriend had the Aji de Pollo, and we split a tilapia ceviche.  For the ceviche we had a choice of fish or seafood.  The fish ceviche was tilapia and the seafood included fish, shrimp, mussels, and squid.  The other seafood didn't excite me as much (if octopus was part of the seafood ceviche, then I would've gone for it), so we ordered the fish.  The waiter asked if we wanted it spicy which we did.  It came out very flavorful and well saturated in citrusy goodness.  I liked it but I would've liked a bit less lime.  I didn't feel like I got to taste much else but a spicy lime sauce.  The yams or pumpkin or whatever that came with it was soft and deliciously sweet and served as a great contrast to the ceviche, but I would've liked more of it.  My dish wasn't quite what I had expected.  I tend to think of arroz on pollo as a more chicken and rice cooked together kind of dish, but what do I know?  This was rice served with a grilled chicken, but it was a delicious green rice and grilled chicken.  The chicken was very tender and well cooked.  The rice was well flavored and the two complemented each other very well.  The presentation was also very exciting.  The dish also came with a green cilantro sauce that I poured over my rice.  It totally changed the flavor of the dish and definitely made for an exciting dining experience.   I found it reasonably priced.  For two entrees and an appetizer with tip, it came out to be 45 dollars.  The service was rather slow though.  They seem to be staffed with two waiters no matter how busy the restaurant is.  I've been there in the past when it was slow and the service was great.  When the restaurant was full, we had to remind the waiter to take our entree order and stood at the front of the restaurant for a while waiting to be greeted.  It's not in the best location in the world, but it's worth the trek.
4	Went with a friend during Mother's Day weekend. I ordered the Pescado A Lo Macho and mousse for dessert. It was fantastic. I've never had Peruvian before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But it was delicious. Also, my friend ordered the flan for dessert, and it was amazing. Very smooth, not too sweet.Service: Very nice. I'm terrible with decision making, but my waiter was good with recommendations and giving me enough time to make up my mind.Environment: Spacious restaurant, though it was mostly empty when I went. It looks much nicer on the inside than the outside.
5	The food is very tasty and unique.  I don't know how authentic the cuisine is but it is nice to get outside the Mexican/Chinese/Burger routine.  Plus you get to listen to Michael Jackson on pan flute in the background.
5	Inka Heritage is about as good as it gets in international cuisine in Madison, the place to take out-of-friends to demonstrate to them (and ourselves) Madison's cosmopolitan charms.Inka Heritage serves Peruvian food that is rich, hearty, unique and delicious.  It's very hard to go wrong.  My suggestions:Drinks: Chicamorada ("purple drink") is a sweet, cool refreshment made from purple corn, and flavored with cinammon.  Tonight, we discovered pisco sour, a margarita-like cocktail - amazing!Appetizers:  The classic dish is jalea, an assortment of deep fried seafood, served with a cilantro sauce.  The ceviche is pretty good, too.  Our daughters (and we) love yuccas a la huancaina - essentially, french fries made from yuccas and served with a rich white cheese sauce.Entrees:  You must get paracas: filet of fish topped with shrimp, crab, cheese and white sauce, served on a bed of rice - absolutely incredible.  Be careful - it's a very filling dish.  The deceptively titled arroz con pollo sounds pedestrian, but this roasted chicken served on cilantro rice is wonderful.One of my routine complaints about Madison restaurants is the "you're lucky I'm just barely interested enough to acknowledge your existence" service that is common in the just above-average places (I'm looking at you, La Brioche).  But this is simply not the case here, where the servers are friendly and responsive.Also: ditch your kids and make it a date night.
5	ahhhh i love getting to pick the restaurant!!! no Out-back or Chili's when I pick, i think my team secretly likes that i am foodie who hates chain restaurants....(although they never admit it!!)I chose peruvian, i love peruvian and inka heritage did not disappoint.its off the beaten path in Madison (behind the capital) - we went on a Tuesday night, needless to we were seated immediately (there were only 2 other parties). the hostess was also the only server & she made all the drinks, so this made for a slow eating experience esp when more people arrived...I could not decide what to order (typical!) so i ordered a couple appetizers for a meal - the tamal...AMAZING!!! my fave - full of spices and even a hard-boiled egg, the yucca....a classic that I love!!, and an avocado filled with chx salad (the reina - i think)... typical, good but def not the tamal!!my dining companions both ordered the lamb - which was super tender and the flavor left you wanting for more!we also ordered wine and some cocktails...overall very very delicious and a cute little gem in madison!
4	This restaurant serves the best fish as far as I am concern. The Pescado Inka Heritage (thanks to Art W review) dish is simply superb. There are so many ingredients on one dish yet it is not heavy. The whole combination is light and fluffy. Went back another night to try Pescado a lo macho and Arroz Con Mariscos. I like the Pescado more than the other but they are both very good as well.As for their appetizer, we tried both the ceviche and causa. The ceviche falls short of expectation as I like a more limey and refreshing taste. The one in Inka is only so-so. This is my first time trying causa and I think it is just ok. Would rather save the tummy space for entree. To end the dinner, we tried the Leche and forgot the other dish. Both are not v memorable as you can see I can't even remember the name. A must place for entree in Madison. Totally above my expecatation
4	I don't want to know how they got fish that fresh this far inland, seems unnatural but I don't care. The ceviche was amazing and perfectly spiced. The side salad was ok but nothing to get super excited about. I wish I  had ventured further on the menu, however I was dining solo and didn't want to gorge myself.
5	Whenever I visit Madison, I know I will always find good places to eat.  Inka Heritage is simply outstanding.  The menu is fairly simple and easy to navigate, and the weight-staff is happy to point out their favorites (which were far from the most expensive options).  Naturally, I ordered some Peruvian ceviche (marino), and it was one of the best ones I've had in a long time.  Everything was fresh, well seasoned, and not over-marinated (as often happens with acidic dishes).  I followed that with Escabeche De Pescad, which was delicious, light and flavorful.  Another fantastic find in Madison.
5	Very unique food and a great place to try something new. While the location is not great, the food truly is. My wife and I went here recently on a whim, and it ended up being one of the best meals I've had so far in Madison.We ordered the ceviche marino appetizer, which was easily one of the best I've had. We opted for the spicy version, and it was a great choice as the heat from the jalapeno added a nice kick to the awesome citrus flavors. Next we had the arroz con mariscos (peruvian paella) and lomo a la huancaina (tenderloin steak w/peruvian sauce) and both were incredibly delicious. The paella was perfectly cooked and the steak was extremely tender, perfectly cooked, and crazy good with the huancaina sauce. To finish, we ordered one of the house made desserts (can't remember the name) that reminded me of a light mousse with a butterscotch like flavor.The final bill with wine was surprisingly inexepensive for the quality of food. The service was friendly and attentive, nothing fancy, but gets the job done. My only complaint would be the bread and the seating near the windows. If you go when it's cold, ask for a seat that is not right next to the windows. We could feel the cold coming in from outside, which was unfortunate. So the 5 star rating is primarily based on the quality of the food. Others might find the overall experience to be more in the 4 star range, but then again, I didn't come here expecting Le Etoile.
5	Delicious! Awesome food. I got ceviche de camarones. It was delicious, spicy, everything you want from ceviche. Everyone I went with loved what they got.
4	The best part is that it's authentic food.  The bright colors give it that latin american feel.The food was good, we waited for a bit, but it's a place to go out and relaxed.  The food was a bit overpriced for what we got... that's about it!
5	This review is ONLY FOR THEIR PISCO SOUR .. nothing else ..this drink was PERFECTLY made oooooohhh how I love me a pisco sour .. it wasnt to sour nor to sweet .. it had the perfect amount of froth .... YUMMMMMM
5	I studied abroad in South America and have been to Peru twice. When someone told me there was a Peruvian restaurant in Madison I met this news with cynicism. I never had a good Peruvian meal when I was in Peru, why would I have one here in Madison?Then I ate there. I was wrong. Very wrong.I have eaten at this restaurant three times now, ordered something different every time, and never had a bad experience. The restaurant itself has a classy air, like you're going someplace really special. The food is presented in an artful, expensive way. The food looks and the restaurant feels like it should cost more, but it doesn't. And then you taste it....Unique. Amazing. My favorite is the garlic chicken. The smooth texture is memorable. The garlic is appropriate and not overwhelming, and mixes perfectly with the subtly spiced rice. The pisco sours are also great, a little sweeter than in Peru, but deliciously topped with nutmeg. If the deserts were not so pleasing the Picso would suit just fine.
4	the staff was very friendly and the food was surprisingly pretty good!we got the cooked bass and a paella... would definitely take people there to eat.there is this special juice there... I thought it was really good... like sangria minus the alcohol.
1	I wanted to like Inka Heritage. I really did. I had heard tons of good things about the place and was so excited to finally hop a bus to South Park so I could go try it. I left Inka so upset, so dissatisfied that I couldn't even calm down enough to write this review for a long while. In short, I undoubtedly received the worst service that I have ever had in my entire life. I never really knew how important the organizational aspects of a restaurant could be until I learned what it was like to dine at a place that was completely and utterly devoid of it. McDonald's offers a more personable dining experience than this.My whole visit to Inka Heritage was miserable from the minute I walked in the door. Upon doing so, I watched from across an empty hostess' podium as at least 5 different people darted in and out of the kitchen. Not one couldn't be bothered to take a minute to seat any of the 10 people waiting awkwardly by the door for any of the 10+ open seats. Once I finally was acknowledged about 15 minutes later, the waiter proceeded to argue with me, telling me that my name wasn't on the list and that the reservation I had made was no good. After being seated and ignored for another 20 minutes, the same waiter came out to quickly get our drink and food orders with as little formality as possible. I started to envy the 3+ parties that had walked out due to the restaurant's negligence. Turns out that at 1:00 on a Wednesday, they had already run out of the main ingredients for four of the nine dishes on their restaurant week menu. I attempted to order an Inka Cola and found out they were out of that too. I ordered a Chica Morada in its place, a sweet corn-based drink which was actually really good; it tasted like a fruity horchata. Unfortunately, it ended up being the only truly good thing I had here.My disastrous first course was supposed to be fried yuccas with a savory yellow sauce and half a boiled egg. But the yuccas had been replaced with cold, unseasoned, boiled potato slices. The sauce and egg had no hope of making up for the nastiness of the potato, which overwhelmed the dish. I felt like I was eating at the cafeteria in a retirement home. The yuccas were supposed to be the star ingredient of that dish, and the chefs did absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that they were missing. It was so bad, they should have been too ashamed to even consider serving it. Of the three possible first courses, this one was godawful, the other one was "completely sold out," and the last was a salad that was lacking in any flavor. It did have an interesting twist via the large, hard pieces of Peruvian corn that it contained.My second course was decent, but tasted like something I could easily make at home. The beef stew was well-cooked, as was the cube of rice that came with it. Sitting next to them was another pile of those flavorless, disgusting potatoes. As I ate my way through it, I couldn't help but ask myself what exactly is Peruvian about 4 cubes of beef with plain potatoes and rice. This dish was a tradition in my household as well. We called it "leftovers night."I finally ended this painful experience with a tres leches pound cake. It apparently was trying to be sweet and savory, but ended up being moreso on the "bland lumpy mash" side. I was once again reminded of the retirement home cafeteria. It's a very rare occasion when I overcome the empathy and memories of living off tips that tell me that I shouldn't stiff the waiter. I rather would have told him about the horrifying quality of food and service myself, but he didn't seem interested in asking me how things were at even one point during the course of this entire disaster of a meal.
4	Not much to add to all the other reviews. Quality Peruvian grub. The ceviche was right on. I had the loma saltado, others had the chupe de camarones. Both were outstanding. If you know Peruvian cuisine you'll be happy. If not, check it out, you'll be a fan.
5	Quite possibly the best Peruvian food I've had, rivaling even the ones I had in Lima and other parts of Peru!Highly recommended!My favorites:1. Appetizer - Ceviche - medium spice; Amazing!!2. Drink - Chicha morada - purple corn drink (non alcoholic)3. Entree - Aji de Gallina - pulled chicken in an almond, cream sauce with garlic and spices; served with rice and potatoes. Stellar!4. Dessert - Mousse de lucuma - made from a fruit native to the amazon jungles of PeruEnjoy!
5	I've spent time in Peru.  This is seriously the real deal. try the Lomo Saltado.
5	We were looking for an 'Off-the-beaten-path' experience, and could not have asked for a better experience than the Inka Hertiage! My god, the food was good! When we first walked in the restaurant, and noticed that we would be the only ones eating, we were a little nervous, and almost turned away. But, I am so happy we stayed, because we were floored by the flavor, quality, quantity of the food. Everything from the amazing Ceviche, to the delicious paella, we were thoroughly satisfied and definitely had that 'Wow, tht hit the spot' feeling. And the portions were HUGE, not used to seeing big portions for quality food. Highly recommend it, you will not be disappointed.
5	We've eaten here 3 times and each time had great service and food. The deep fried platter for 2 is a great deal! I love the inka dish with fish and cheese and rice, it's my favorite! The selection and unique cuisine is top notch!
4	I've only been here once, but I can't wait to go back.  I had the ceviche, the beef tenderloin, and the arroz con leche and it was all so extraordinary.The portions were humongous.  The seafood was fresh and full of zest and flavor.  The price was very reasonable.The venue is a bit small, but the service is friendly and outgoing, and the ambiance is very clean and relaxing.
4	Plates are largely portioned so my lady and I were able to pull off splitting one entree and ceviche classico.  We both had a pisco sour and I soon orderd another = delicious.The ceviche tasted amazing, but they choose to serve the fish in large chunks instead of thinly slicing it like I have seen at many other places.  It was a lot to chew and I felt it slightly ruined the flavor ride.  Still it was some of the best I have ever had.For the entree we ordered Aji de Gallina, which is shredded chicken in an almond cream sauce.  I didn't notice any walnuts and there was literally only one olive.  It wasn't a botija olive either, it was definitely a kalamata.  It tasted great, but could of used more texture (like walnuts and olives :)).  Since we split an entree, the price was just about right.  I'd go back fo sho!
5	EXCELLENT food. The flavors are great.
4	My husband and I went out for our usual Friday date nights and wanted to try a restaurant featuring Latin cuisine.  Inka Heritage specializes in traditional Peruvian dishes.Though given large seafood portions (including a piece of lobster, calamari, shrimp and fish) cooked in the acid of lime juice, we weren't too fond of the ceviche appetizer.We were very pleased with our main dishes, the Lomo Inka Heritage and the Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado.  Their chef definitely knows how to prepare a wonderfully seasoned and flavorful tenderloin.We topped of the evening with an amazing Tres Leches cake which comes highly recommended to those of you with a sweet tooth.  For something new, try their traditional Peruvian non-alcoholic drink with a complex mixture of juices.
3	My husband and I have lived pretty close to Inka Heritage for a few years, and just never stopped in, so the other night when we were trying to think of a place to go before going to the symphony we decided to try it.  His mom was joining us for dinner, and the three of us split the ceviche classico, which we loved.  Tasty fish, delicious marinade, and the Peruvian corn and sweet potato accompaniments were yummy--a nice, light appetizer for 3, would've been nice for 2 as well.  We were very disappointed, however, when our entrees didn't arrive for another 45 minutes.  While the staff attentively refilled our water glasses, our server never checked in to comment on the delay, and we were close to missing the beginning of the symphony performance because of the long wait.  When our food did arrive, it was well-cooked and generously portioned, but not particularly interesting.  My husband and mother-in-law split a platter-for-two with a variety of fried seafood items (calamari, shrimp, fish, crab) with fried yucca and two sauces.  I had the Lomo Saltado--the beef and onions were well-cooked, but the fried potatoes beneath and rice on the side were pretty boring.  After the delicious ceviche, we were a little disappointed.  We'll probably go back and try to order more carefully (and make sure not to be on a tight schedule), but we were definitely a bit frustrated by our first experience.
4	Great dining ambiance, excellent service, and great spread of ethnic food (not easy to find in Madison -- 4 stars for this alone!). It's actually 4.5 stars, but I unfortunately chose the wrong dishes (Reina, which was like chicken salad over avocado, and Jalea -- essentially an assortment of fried seafood...tasty and HUGE portion but tough on the digestion). I did really love the lime dipping sauce that accompanied the Jalea, and my dining companions' dishes were all excellent, especially the tamale-type appetizer. Inka Heritage also rotates their dishes from time to time so you can expect to try new and exciting dishes the next time you go!
4	If Peruvians share my love for seafood, onions and cilantro, then we are a match made in heaven. Check, check and check. We have a winner at Inka. I've been to the place a good four times in my tenure here in Madison, and consistency is the name of the game. Their dishes are balanced in spice and substance, and I never seem to get enough of exacting havoc on the seafood menu. Portions are more than adequate in both appetizers and entrees for their price. You may select your protein from their delineated menu. My fav? Pescado A Lo Macho, no question. Two lightly battered and fried fish filets, mussels, crab, and squid simmered and served in a mildly spicy garlic and tomato sauce sever with rice. These folks ain't playin with the seafood. Tastes brilliant.  I'm also a fan of both ceviche apps and a few others. Not a bad experience yet. Only con if I had to give one is service speed. Each time I've visited, it's the same single, friendly server. So large parties or quick lunches are a no go. Other than that, this place is a winner if you're looking to go ethnic on the food without hitting up common staples like Thai and Chinese.
3	This was my first time there and was happy with the overall meal.The waitress was very helpful and attentive.I started with Ceviche De Pescado Inka it was tasty and not too spicyThe Cusquena beer nothing special, a weaker aleFor the entree I ordered the Tacu Tacu con Lomo Saltado, the meat and vegetables were seasoned well.  The pancake underneath was excellent, think of it like the outside of a tamale.I also tried the drink the Pisco Sour it was great and would be even better on a hot day
5	We searched Yelp for a good place in Madison to eat on the first night of our honeymoon. We chose Inka Heritage because of it's uniqueness - Peruvian food? Okay! It was the best decision ever. We wanted a place where we wouldn't look out of place in nicer clothes - the clean atmosphere and pretty place settings gave us the environment we wanted. We ordered the ceviche mixto to start and loved it. The seafood was fresh and the variety was even. The sauce was lime-y, spicy and complex. And the hominy and sweet potato on the side were great. Big yum. For the main meal, we shared the Manchupiccu and the Arroz Verde...Notendo (?). Both were amazing. The Manchupiccu was super savory and unique. The Arrozo was hearty, with a good amount of rice, and had a large portion of the seafood. Beautiful presentation on both and wonderful flavor. We got the Tres Leches for dessert - another success. Add the nicer atmosphere and our fantastic food to the attentive and friendly service we received and you get one suberb dining experience. Absolutely give this place a try!
3	We were recommended Inka Heritage as a great place to take our niece who recently returned from S. America after a semester abroad.  The atmosphere of this cozy restaurant was simple but very nice indeed, and the service excellent.  We had Escabeche de Pescado and Loma Saltado, both very tasty.  Why 3 stars?  The prices are simply out of range for what I would normally pay for a casual lunch for food of this quality.  We were surprised that there was no lunch menu and only one special available, and that the menu was as limited as it was.   The menu selections and prices seem to say "dinner only."  Next time we'll head back towards downtown and some of the other unique ethnic restaurants Madison has to offer.
1	I ordered a gift card from Inka Heritage over the phone.  They charged my credit card that day, however after about 3 weeks, i still had not received the card in the mail.  I called them several times and they had excuses about it being lost in the mail multiple times, however they never called me or tried to correct the situation.  I then told them I wanted a refund as opposed to them "trying" to send it again after 3 weeks.  They took my credit card info but I have still not gotten my money back.  I will continue to fight with them but I honestly don't think they ever tried to send the gift card or have any intention of refunding my money.  I would expect TERRIBLE service and poor customer interaction.  At least NEVER buy a gift card from these scammers.
4	Ceviche Classico, Limo Saltado, Tilia Malbec--Inca heaven in Madison.  All I was missing was Machu Picchu in the background.  Speaking of background....the music was Zamfir on the Pan Flute piping away covers to the kind of depressing, silly and sentimental tunes you typically only hear at Japanese restaurants in California.  ("I am a Woman in Love" by Barbara Striesand, "Hello" by Lionel Ritchie, etc.)  And they have a squeaky door to the kitchen that sounds like a crying elephant, which adds truly emotional, life-and-death mammilian notes to the restaurant score.  Gypsy Kings or some Archive and some oil on that door would completely liven up the mood, though. Overall, it was great (and my server was awesome, bringing out spicy, then spicier salsas so I could get my endorphin rush on).
5	Love love love this restaurant!!  Definitely a place I'd love to go back to!  We tried to go to this place on a Friday night but didn't make it out of the house quick enough to get there before it closed.  It's only open until 10.  Saturday night we made it there by 9pm and thank goodness we did!For drinks we didn't get too crazy.  Two of us Negra Modelos and one friend got Peruvian beer even though he talked about how terrible Peruvian beers are...we let it go.For food, I ordered the lamb dish (I can't remember what it was called) but they were out of lamb so they took $4 off and made it with beef.  Still delicious though my dish was the least favorite out of the 3.  One friend got the Tacos Tacos (or something along those lines) and could not stop talking about the delicious bean pancake that it came with.  Seriously, even the next day, couldn't stop talking about it!  My other friend got the Chicken and Rice (Arroz con pollo?) which was my favorite of all three meals.  The rice was packed full of cilantro flavor and was SO SO good!!  The waiter heard us raving about how good the cilantro rice was that he brought us this cilantro sauce to use with our food too.  OMG.  I was in cilantro heaven.  I wanted to pour it over my entire meal and maybe all my meals for the rest of my life.  For dessert I ordered the tres leches which was good but not the best tres leches I've ever had.  I actually like the one I make slightly better.  But I still ate most of it.  The restaurant closed while we were still eating but the waiter (J.P.?) told us to take our time and that he still had a lot of cleaning up to do before he would make it to our table.  That being said, we never felt neglected.  I would highly recommend trying this place out.  It is definitely a gem in Madison and not one I'm sure enough people know about!
2	Came by here again on a slow weeknight hoping for a better experience. While the food was better this time around, they were once again missing several menu items and the service was still extremely rude, slow, and inattentive. Sad to learn that these problems are systemic and were not just the result of the Restaurant Week crowds. I won't be giving them a third chance.
4	First and foremost, EXCELLENT SERVICE!  The staff is genuinely excited about you being there and sharing their food and drink.  Love that.  Delicious ceviche appetizer.  Also had the pisco sour cocktail, and it was great (and packs a punch!)  The arroz con mariscos was very good.  Will be back!
1	Made a reservation for my husband's birthday dinner called to confirm and was told no worries plenty of open tables, we were all set. Got to the restaurant and reservation did not exist and all tables were full with no one ready to leave soon. Host made no apology and said it would be 5 minutes until a table opened up...he then proceeded to hide in the kitchen and ignore us for the next 15 minutes. As none of the diners looked remotely close to finishing, we went elsewhere and will not be going back. If they had acknowledged their screw-up, apologized and been honest about our chances of getting a table I would have chalked it up to bad luck and tried again another day...instead, because they lied on several occasions and then left us standing at the door while they hid in the kitchen, they have lost a customer:-(
5	It was my first time been in there. The restaurant is very clean and has a good atmosphere. The waiter was super nice and he was always there for me when I needed. Food was colorful and fantastic. I usually don't have dessert, but I had to order one here. It was a piece of sponge cake with whip cream and you pore a condenced milk when it served.
4	Great food with great flavor, nice place to have a romantic dinner, I had the paella with was delicious but my girlfriend had the lamb which I thought I would have order that too. The waiter was very polite and always there if we needed something I would definitely go back and try some other foods on there menu.
5	This place is fantastic!  I made a reservation for 10 people, but due to unforseen circumstances, was unable to make my reservation in time.  When I called to ask if I could push back the reservation, they obligingly did so, even though they had another party of 20 for that same time.  The food was amazing.  I was very impressed with the cilantro rice.  Although some items are a little pricey, this was definitely worth it.
5	What can I say about this place? It is truly fantastic. I have a soft spot for Peruvian cuisine and this restaurant is the best I've ever been to, hands down. I've been here so many times that I can honestly say everything in the menu is incredible. My personal favorites are the ceviche (tender seafood in a tart and fragrant citrus liquid), Escabeche de Pescado (lightly pan-fried filets of fish in a tomato-based broth with vinegary notes that will have your taste buds dancing!), Lomo Saltado (a traditional Peruvian dish that is truly exquisite and the best version I've ever had!), Chicharrones Inka (wow is all I have to say when describing this dish...perfectly broiled pork that just melts in your mouth), the tamal and papas/yucas a la Huancaina are incredible as well. I think I might have recited their whole menu as my favorite but it is that delicious and once you try it you will understand why this is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. I moved out of Madison a few months back but would definitely take a trip back just to experience this food! Superb!
5	Awesome South American food! I come here all the time. Ceviche is incredible, as is arroz con pollo or any of the steak dishes.
5	Most amazing meal!!  If you haven't done so yet.  Try this place todayThe food is unique but not scary. In fact everything on the menu sounds so good it's hard to choose.  But whatever you do start with spicy ceviche.  It was so good we placed a second order. Our main course and desserts were equally as goodTo top it off the service, see John Philipe, was attentive helpful and a delight.  And the cleanliness of the restaurant was an excellent first impressionTry it now!!
4	What a great restaurant! considering that I live in chicago it is rare that I find restaurants in Madison that I absolutely love and cannot wait to return to! This is such a neat little place and ALL of the food that our group ordered was AMAZING.This restaurant should not be missed if you searching for a great meal.
5	I had an absolutely amazing meal at Inka Heritage tonight! I began with a Pisco Sour, which my server described as better version of a margarita and it was just that- delicious! My companions and I shared a ceviche micro as an appetizer which was also wonderful, the flavors were perfectly balanced and the seafood was tender.For my entree I chose the Seco de Cordero and am so glad that I did. The lamb was amazingly tender and covered with a flavorful chimchurri-like sauce. My favorite component of the dish was the fried yucca, crunchy and delicious! My companions ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the Lomo Saltado which were both great also. To finish an already amazing meal, we shared three desserts: flan, the Suspiro a la Limena and the Delicia Andina. Each dessert was very rich and sweet, but very good. Perfect for sharing.Overall, my experience at Inka Heritage amazing. Great food, tasty drinks and fast, attentive service even with one server caring for the entire restaurant.Visit this restaurant as soon as you can, you won't be able to stop talking about it! I know I won't be able to!
5	I love this place , the food is great !
4	This was a gem of a find on our recent trip to Madison. We were looking for something unique and nice, preferably not downtown so we didn't have to deal with parking. The place is small and quaint with cute decor. I love little restaurants so this was totally wonderful. Although we came with a group of friends (5 of us total), this would be a great date spot.I ordered the Lomo Inka Heritage which was a beef tenderloin. It came with a pancake made from rice and beans which was delicious. The whole thing was topped with a fried egg. There were also sweet plantains. The meal was plated beautifully and the portion was perfect. The meat was cooked perfectly and the sides were fantastic.My friend is a very picky eater and so we were a bit worried about her. She ordered the Mar Pacifico which she enjoyed very much. She was a little skeptical at first because it came with a prawn still in it's shell with a visible eye but after she got over that part, she truly enjoyed her meal. She said she was glad we came to place she might not have otherwise come to.It's not the best Peruvian I've ever had but it was quite delicious. Especially being that it's located in Madison, WI, I'd say it was pretty fantastic.
5	Loved Inka. We took kids with fairly broad food experience and we expected they would like it. They loved it! If the portions were smaller they would have licked their plates clean. Even the lobster in the spicy ceviche seemed to make one of the two happy. As for us, the parents, I'm pretty sure we did lick our plates. :-)We all ordered something different, so I would guess the rumors that everything on the menu is good are true. In my case I had the lamb, which was fantastic.Still hesitating? Go! You'll be glad you did.
3	Not sure what was going on with the kitchen that night--i think the chef may have gone missing for an hour or the stoves weren't working?? It took over an hour for the food to come out after we had ordered-with no explanation- and the couple next to us had been waiting before we had even been seated. They got free wine refills because they had been waiting for so long!I'm not sure if it was the fact that we were starving by the time the food came out but it was DELISH and I loved everything about it!
4	Good atmosphere. Good food.  Good Waitress.  Waitress was very knowledgable and spoke english, so she could explain menu to us.  Would visit again.
5	My wife had Inca Heritage recommended to her Di we went for lunch. We were amazed and delighted by the delicious food and attentive staff. We lived our experience so much we went again for lunch and chose new items, once again the food was amazing.They have enhanced the lunch menu to add other South American and Cuban dishes so we are looking forward to eating our way through the menu.
4	LICK THE PLATE! EVERY TIME!I am tempted at every visit to lick the plate, so I can have all of this Peruvian deliciousness.  I don't know every ingredient but what ever this is, I can't have enough.Enter into the bright mango colored walls, long flowy white curtains into a friendly restaurant full of spice and care.  Both at lunch and dinner the specials are good, service staff friendly and knowledgeable.  I can't always decipher the menu, but on my last visit a table ordered what we had based only on looks and how we devoured it.Appetizers, main courses and beautiful desserts.  Be ready to step into a different culture and away from westernized food Midwesterners are used to.DELISH.  Take me away to Peru.
4	What a delightful restuarant!  Four of us ate here tonight for the first time.  The food was excellent.  We ordered ceviche mixto for an appetizer which I highly recommend.  Our entrees included jalea which was a nice mix of lightly breaded and fried seafood, yucca and plantain.  This dish was good but a bit greaser than I expected.  Our friends shared arroz con pollo which was very good.  I am a big fan of cilantro and it was used wonderfully in all but the jalea.  The dessert of creams volteada was yummy with the light caramel sauce.  Many restaurants make their coffee much too weak.  Inka Heritage makes theirs just right.  Our waiter was attentive but did not hover.  He was very charming.  The presentation of the food was done very tastefully.   The noise level is low so it was a great place to visit with friends.  The only reason I have not given it 5 stars is because the jalea could have been a bit less greasy.  I will definitely return.
3	Good but not great. Waiter was friendly and knew his stuff. The ceviche is beautiful, but the salt, citrus, and cilantro overwhelm everything else. The Escabeche de pescado had really nice, lightly fried tilapia, but the sauce was nothing special and the rice, served in a cube beside the fish, was hard, like it had sat under a heat lamp. I  would consider taking a friend here for the novelty of a Peruvian restaurant (if that would indeed be a novelty for them), but probably wouldn't choose to go back otherwise.
4	Two of us caught up with Inka Heritage during Restaurant Week, and we're really glad we did. The  place was full except for one two-top and there people standing outside - it's a small place. The standees must have been waiting for a large table; we were seated immediately.We ordered started with the ceviche and some yucca. The yucca was basic and unadorned, but hot and fresh. The sauce (almost a curry) served with it was a great addition. The ceviche is notable. The fish was fresh and tender (not mushy, as is often the case when a long marinade time is used to cover for less-than-fresh fish.) The blend of onions and spices used have it some real zip, without burying the fish. My wife loved her Mar Pacifica. The fish with crab stuffing was excellently balanced -- I sort of expected the shrimp to be overkill, but they had their own distinct flavor to add to it all. I had the Lomo Saltado -- too much Saltado! Nice tender beef, laid over sweet onion. the sauce was rich and full, but seemed to be mostly soy sauce (not much vinegar tang there.) The result was way too much salt.Service was friendly but efficient -- our waitress always seemed to have a moment to spare at exactly the right time. The room is small and cozy, with warm yellow decor and long white drapes covering the store front windows. All in all, we had a very good dinner in a charming place.
3	If service was speedier these guys would be rock solid in my book. Lunch specials are a steal at 6.99 and the expanded menu offers more options than before, but its sloooooooooooooooow and during the lunch hour I don't always have time to wait around. Delish in the end, just slow going leading up to it.
5	Awesome ceviche!
4	I stopped by here a couple of Saturdays ago for dinner with my fiance.  We had been looking for a good place to eat in Madison and this came up on Yelp.  I can honestly say that I have never had Peruvian food before and so I was looking forward to eating here.  Upon entering the restaurant the first thing that I noticed was how bright the walls were as they were a bright golden/orange color.  Other than the walls there were a bunch of white table clothed tables around including a few high tops.My fiance and I decided to start off our evening with the ceviche which consisted of raw fish, leche de tigre (lime juice, garlic and ginger), sweet potatoes and peruvian corn (think American corn only much larger kernals) .  While I have had ceviche before, it has generally been at trendier places and so the focus has been smaller dishes catering to foodies and  not necessarily on portion size.  So you can imagine my surprise whenever the ceviche came out and it was a huge plate covered in fish and peruvian corn.  Both my fiance and I loved every minute of eating it as the leche de tigre had a perfectly acidity that complimented the fished perfectly.  For my dinner entree I ended up ordering the Pollo naeza which was actually not what I had decided on.  It was a Peruvian seasoned chicken filet with a inka salad and white rice.  You see I had closed the menu and whenever I picked it had said the wrong dish insted of the aji de hallina which was chicken in a Peruvian cream sauce.  After our server had left our entrees at our table I questioned my fiance about whether it was what I had ordered and she said that she had been surprised by it but yes it was.  I was a little disappointed as it was not what I was looking forward to but since I had ordered it I decided to stick with it  The chicken breast was juicy as they had said it would be although I didn't get too much of the spice and the salad was decent as well.  While it was not bad it was definitely a departure from what I would have ordered and fairly vanilla.  My fiance on the other hand really enjoyed her meal which was essentially a paella.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Thinking about the ceviche has my mouth watering and I imagine that if I lived in the area that this would be one of the places that I would love to show my friends.
5	It's pretty damm good.   It feels kind of fancy, but you forget about that when your food arrives.   We had the ceviche, which was different, but great, and then the main course came which was pleasantly filling and satisfying.   It was a steak dish with french fries, mixed vegetables and rice- exactly what I needed after a few drinks.   I was a bit bummed I didn't order the fried seafood dish.  Now, LISTEN- order it.  It's a single plate that serves 2-3 people, and it's literally a fried seafood masterpiece.   We saw it as we were leaving, and lets just say we'll be back just for that dish... and the ceviche.
5	What a gem!  The spicy ceviche is amazing and the menu is so eclectic and interesting I want to go back to try everything.  The ambience is very nice.  Service was great, and the food was expertly prepared.  Overall a great meal.
4	The food here is delicious. The Lomo Saltado, though a bit salty and with a bit too many fries, is so tasty. The Seco de Cordero is amazing!! Seriously worth it. The ceviche lives up to it's rep, and the pisco sour is worth the $7 price tag.My only complaint would be that they run out of items, way before closing. I tried ordering both the seco de cordero and the aji de gallina and both were out. Extremely disappointing since I basically went there for the seco. The seafood dish the waitress recommended instead, the pescado inka heritage, was alright, but nothing worth writing home about.
4	On a recent trip to Madison we had lunch at this Peruvian restaurant.  I have very little experience with traditional Peruvian food--for one thing, the last time I was in Peru was in the early 1980's and I was definitely traveling on a budget, so I did not have the chance to eat high end Peruvian food, and I was only there a few days as a lay over en route back from Bolivia.  I loved the Quechua and Aymara Indian women in their traditional dress, as well as their gorgeous native weavings from alpaca--and the fact that for both of us Spanish was a second language.But the food did not strike me as amazing--I ate a lot of rehydrated purple potatoes is what I recall.The thing that I love about Peruvian food, besides the ceviche (which is excellent and also a large portion for the price at Inka Heritage), is the causas.  What is a causa?  Is it versatile Peruvian potato dish makes a great light meal or a fine appetizer to share with the table. A causa can be layered with any number of fillings -- chicken salad and tuna salad are favorites, and both are available at Inka Heritage. Vegetarian fillings are options as well. They are served cold, which takes some getting used to because they are nothing like potato salad.  A causa rellena is often topped with extravagant garnishes and sauces for a colorful presentation.The other thing that is quite well represented at this restaurant are rice and seafood dishes (they have chicken and meat options as well)--these are either sauce based, or they are like paella, but with much different flavors to the rice.This was not a fancy restaurant, but it was very nice, and the prices were reasonable.  The portion sizes were substantial, and we shared dishes as a table, which is a great strategy to get to try as many possible things on the menu.I am still quite new to this cuisine, but I definitely like what I have had so far.
5	Absolutely heavenly food. For sure a must try!
3	We love Peruvian food and were really looking forward to this meal due to the good reviews; however, our meal was fine but nothing special.The Ceviche was too tart completely overpowering the taste of the fish. Peruvian ceviche comes in varied tastes. This one was low on our list.We shared an enormous portion of Jalea Inka which was fried mixed seafood. For $27 you could easily share among 3 people. The dish consisted of tons of varied seafood...mussels, filet, squid, shrimp and it was nicely breaded but the dish was just not flavorful. A terrific value, but don;t expect to be overwhelmed by the flavor.The Chicha morada was sweet and good and the service was very good.
3	Pretty place, but I don't pay fot the paint on the walls. The food was bland. I'm almost certain they forgot the salt. It's nice too look at and that is it.
3	I have always enjoyed going to the Inka heritage, I have tried many dishes and they have been very good except for the last two times I have been there, the first time I had Lomo a la Huancaina and today Lomo saltado and the meat has been very chewy both times, my boyfriend had the Lomo Inka Heritage and his meat was so chewy he could not eat it. We brought the matter to the servers attention and she was willing to bring a new steak to him, it took like 10 min and as you can imagine it felt like an eternity since my boyfriend was starving and the rest of his food was already room temperature not to mention his side of ripe plantain tasted old and it had a crumbly texture, I think the quality on their meats its not the same and that's a shame since it was my favorite peruvian restaurant.
4	As a participant in the 2013 Savor South Madison Taste Race, I had the opportunity to patronize a number of wonderful restaurants on the South Park Street corridor.  One of those was Inka Heritage, which I had intended to try for a number of years.  And this Peruvian eatery did not disappoint; the food was well prepared and the service was better than expected.  Now my only regret is that I wish I had visited sooner.Based on the humble exterior, the understated elegance of the restaurant interior surprised me.  I enjoyed the warm butternut orange on the walls contrasted by sharp white trim.  The Peruvian blankets and the dark hardwood floors added to the effect.  With all the hard surfaces and open floor plan, the restaurant could get noisy if they had a full house.  During my visit, there was a light Monday lunch crowd and noise was not a problem.  The tabletops and floors were spotless - a good first impression.After I selected a seat by the window, my server greeted me with a menu and a water glass.  While a bit stoic, he knew the menu well and answered all my questions about the different lunch options and about the spices used in Peruvian cuisine.  During the meal, he checked in on my periodically, promptly removed the dirty dishes and took the picture I needed for participating in the Taste Race.  Overall, I was impressed with his professionalism.The first course was a simple, well-seasoned cup of chicken vegetable and rice soup.   It was a well-balanced dish, chock full of veggies and tender white meat.  The soup was a just a prelude to an appetizing main course.  I ordered the house specialty, the pollo a la brasa.  The roasted chicken was moist on the inside, with a crispy, slightly salty skin.  Again, the kitchen applied the seasoning with a deft hand for this dish. The zesty cilantro sauce served with the dish was a perfect complement.  I also devoured the sides of pinto beans and a wedge of rice.The cost of the meal with coffee and a tip was $13, a good value for the quality of the food they delivered.  I look forward to returning and sampling the more extensive dinner menu.
4	I tried a sampling of Inka Heritage at the Taste of Madison and decided I wanted to go there for a full meal for my birthday this past October. Everything was great! Our appetizers and the cilantro seafood dish I had was fantastic. My friends and I also shared dishes with each other so that we could all taste different things. Overall I found the service and food to be excellent. My friends, unbeknownst to me, told the server it was my birthday and she brought me a complimentary creme caramel which was to die for! I would agree with one of the other reviewers that it was very cold inside. They did not say anything about the heat being broken and we were seated by the windows during one of the recent Wisconsin cold spells so maybe that was the issue. Other than that I would recommend this place for a nice dinner out. They also had a decent wine list and decor and lighting was nice and welcoming.
5	AHHHMazingg food.  Everything tasted so flavorful and different from anything I've ever had.  This was only the second time I've ever had Peruvian food, but would definitely like to try more.  It was a little pricey I think, but delicious.
4	I went to inka for restaurant week in Madison. They had some really good options on the menu for $25 for 3 courses. Dessert portions were a bit small and service was slow to start. The ceviche was amazing (per usual) and the mariscoes de la playa were delicious. Would definitely go back there. Different place than most in madison. Hard to find Peruvian food. His place is a gem.
4	Went here for lunch during Restaurant Week, and boy were they busy. Right away I got the impression that they were under staffed. They had a full house with only two servers and one host. When my friend and I arrived we waited about three minutes at the door without anyone greeting us. I mean, it is Restaurant Week right? Be a little better prepared. I did give this restaurant four stars because the food was phenomenal, and I received all my food promptly . For appetizer I ordered the "Causa de la Granja". It was a small mashed potato cake with different layers and many flavors. It had a nice lime flavor which I loved. My friend ordered the "Tamalito verde de pollo". She enjoyed it. We also each ordered a glass of sangria. The sangria was a bit on the sweeter fruitier side, but it complimented the food so well. The pour was a lot more than I expected ($6)! I would have definitely ordered another glass, but because it was 1 pm on a weekday I held back...The entrees we ordered were the "Seco Verde" and the "Pescado a la Chorillana" The seco verde consisted of beef mostly covered in a cilantro sauce served with white rice and beans. The cilantro sauce is super flavorful. The pescado a la chorillana was lightly fried fish served with white rice and a red semi spicy sauce. There were sauteed onions and carrots. I really liked my dish because the flavor was great and the spiciness was just the right amount. The spiciness of the dish did require me to take my time eating. It did get a little spicy at one point, but I still loved the dish. For dessert we ordered "Arroz con Leche"  and "Delicia Tropical."Arroz con leche had a pudding consistency and a lot of cinnamon. The delicia was a passion fruit mousse. Heavenly! I tasted many different flavors all in one bite. Sweet, sour, bitter, delicious. Definitely recommend you try this restaurant. I suggest you make a reservation since there is limited seating.
5	Inka Heritage is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. You should come here planning for a relaxed meal you can savor. I have been here at least a dozen times and always leave stuffed and happy. The interior is warm and welcoming and somehow helps you forget you're on busy Park Street. The ceviche is a bright and tangy way to start any meal and I have a hard time not ordering the aji de gallina every single time I go there. It is so unbelievably good. The tacu tacu de lomo is also very tasty and the dessert offerings are playful. You could cap off a warm evening with a stroll along Monona Bay which is hidden right across the street. The owners are wonderful people. I have coordinated with them for catering small samples for a large cultural event and they provided excellent service and food.
4	I was here for a late Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend. The service was a bit slow given the packed condition of the dining room. We ordered chicha moradas (non-alcoholic drink made out of purple corn juice, tastes like sangria but with juice instead of wine) and the ceviche mixto to start. The ceviche was amazing...I wish I had ordered that for my entree. It had squid, mussels, crab leg, and fish all swimming around in a tart and spicy juice marinade. The entrees we ordered were not as great as the ceviche. I ordered the Pescado a lo Macho, which was two breaded and fried fish fillets, squid, two mussels and one crab leg covered in a garlic sauce that contained no hints of wine or spiciness. It was a very generous portion though, enough for two people, or two meals for one person. Kevin ordered the Chupe de Camarones, which was a sort of chowder-y type seafood soup. It too, came in a giant portion. We were too full from our over-sized entree portions to even consider dessert, but they have that if that's your thing.We'll be back for ceviche and sangria.
5	Amazing Peruvian food that never disappoints.  My husband and I went for the 3rd time and it was fantastic.  We are very selective about restaurants and food.  This food is a must.  Flavors are amazing, staff is great.  My lamb dish was incredible, the Ceviche is out of this world and my husband's steak was great.  This homemade food is well worth your time, money and trip.  Enjoy.
4	We went for lunch and started with an appetizer - Causa Limena - which was this yummy potato cake filled with avocado n chicken salad. Then we ordered from the lunch menu which included a chicken and rice soup before our meal. I had the lunch version of Lomo Saltado which was juicy steak cubes with onions and tomatoes with yuca fries n white rice. My partner had the Arroz Verde which was cilantro rice and grilled chicken. Both dishes were full of flavor and satisfying. We were stuffed by the end and our entire meal was less than $30!
5	I've known of Inka Heritage for sometime now. Never had a reason to rush their until a coworker told me that they went there and were quite surprised.    I've never been to a Peruvian restaurant before, so I wasn't sure what to order. But when I see raw meat and fried egg anywhere on the menu my eyes are drawn to those items.    I've only ever had ceviche before at Frontera Grill. Now it's hard to do better then Rick Bayless, but Inka did good. Not dangerously spicy, mostly all seafood rather then having a equal amount of fillers to deceive your eyes. There was Peruvian Corn (choclo or cuzco corn) in it also. Nutty flavor rather then sweet like your typical American corn and added crunch to the dish.    Next I ordered Lomo Inka Heritage aka Meat and Potatoes in a way. When I ordered the dish I asked for the meat to be rare cause that how I like my meat. She had an odd confused look on her face and then ended up coming back to the table asking if I meant medium rare. I just said "sure, yeah" thinking that they where afraid to cook meat that way and just hoping that I wasn't about to receive a dog toy of a meat. But I was happily surprised when I received the dished that the beef was not rubber. Was unevenly cooked thou with parts being rare and others being medium rare. After rereading the menu online I saw that the dish was also to have a creole sauce that wasn't present but wasn't needed with the liquid gold of a yoke from the egg. The taco taco pancake wasn't sweet, you get that from the plantain, but was well seasoned with garlic and onion.     Now you can't skip dessert when it's made in-house. So, very surprisingly I have never have had Tres Leche before. Which you would think cause I love bread pudding which is what this reminded me of. Not too sweet, obviously moist. Got a corner piece which I think is the always the best specially with brownies.
5	Inka Heritage did a wonderful job with my book release party. The space looked good, the food was tasty and plentiful, the staff was friendly, and the owners even cut me a deal on our agreed-upon price after their success in drinks and new potential customers. I wish Daniel, Esmeralda and their staff continued success.
4	Inka has spectacular food-- each entree we tasted had great flavor. Lomo saltado, Tacu tacu, and the ceviche all tasted so good. What was most appreciated was how unique the dishes were. The sauce for the lomo saltado is really savory without overpowering the meat itself.The ceviche was really tasty and unique for ceviche I thought, but for $13-18 it is a little pricey. If there is a complaint against Inka, it's definitely the higher prices-- but for excellent food, unique flavors, and an upscale environment I won't complain.
4	The ceviche was the best!
4	Great restaurant week experience. The portions were larger than expected, the quality was all there, and the service was great despite the full house.
4	My family is from South America and so I was a harsh critic when I came to Inka. I like that it was reflective of it's peruvian heritage in both decor and staff. They had the essentials on the menu that would be found in the capital city of Lima such as cerviche, leche de Tigre. Chupe de camarones, pisco sour, and  chicha morada. So this put me at ease! So I went and ordered the Classico cerviche, papa a la huancaina  and chupe de camarones to drink pisco sour and chicha. Everything up to par with traditional flavors found in native Peru aside from the chupe. I had an issue with the soups liquid base not being a clear red broth but instead found it to be made with heavy cream, which is not the norm in addition the way I see it there is no chupe with out a form of cheese in the soup which there was none sadly. Aside from that hiccup on tradition the place is worth going back to good prices for the size and nice staff!
4	Just went here last night for dinner. Whoa, we were impressed. We made the reservations based on yelp reviews and the descriptor of Peruvian cuisine, and had no idea what to expect. What we found was deliberate, well made and moderately proportioned dishes that left us satisfied. We'll be back for sure. The Lomo Inka Heritage was delicious.
4	Overall, this is a nice place for upscale peruvian food. Sensible portions packed with a lot of flavor. The ceviche is a must. It tastes very fresh and balanced. For dessert, both the lucuma mousse and tres leche cake hit the spot.
5	My No.1 restaurant in Madison. Although a little far and a little pricy for me, I go there more than twice every semester. Food is superb and servers are friendly and cute. If you want to treat your friends or roommates or both, make the reservation! Ceviche Classico is highly recommended.
2	I enjoyed coming here for the experience, but I didn't particularily enjoy the food. I had the Lomo Saltado, and it was just so salty! I do not like salty food because it always overpowers my palate (and it's indicative of food that can't carry itself on other spices and seasoning to me). The dish was savory, the beans were cooked well, and the beef was (slightly) overcooked and overdressed, but I just didn't enjoy the meal. Probably because this small dish cost more than I would pay for something I could only take three bites from.The environment was classy and open, and the Peruvian beer was pretty delicious. I didn't really get a Peruvian vibe from the restaurant, so I'm hoping they kick that up a notch.I'd probably take a friend here if they said they've never had Peruvian food, but the food put a bad taste in my mouth. A little too overpriced for a limited menu.
4	Solid happy hour specials with strong drinks. Best place in the house is the bar. Snag a seat and you're golden. Mango margaritas are the best drinks here.
5	We dined here on a Saturday night and made a reservation just to be sure. My fiancee ordered the Lomo Saltado and it was delicious. The sauce and seasoning was just right. I had the Pescado A Lo Macho. I wanted to try something outside my usual tastes and this hit the spot. The fish was flaky and fresh, the squid was cooked perfectly and the sauce was unlike anything I've eaten before and look forward to having it again. We also had the Cusquena, just to try a Peruvian beer, and it was nice, light and easy to drink. This was also my first experience with Tres Leches and it was really nice. It's a heavy dessert, but worth it. I will recommend to friends and family!
