3	The Fortuna coffee bar inside the Las Vegas Hilton serves up decent espresso drinks and huge pastries for about $4.50 each.I haven't tried the straight coffee.  Seriously though, a blueberry cream cheese danish from Fortuna is breakfast.  Not a supplement to breakfast - breakfast.  The thing weighs in at just under a pound.
4	Last night in Vegas we wanted to go to one of the cheekie restaurants but, they were uber-crowded.  Fortuna has a unique way of tasting wine, several wine bottles are hooked up to a vending machine (kind of hard to put on words wish I had a picture) a wine card is purchased and you can taste at least 10 - 15 types of wine. I had the roquefort sandwich which is sliced prime rib & blue cheese on grilled bread this combination was very good, blue cheese can be too rich for me at times but the amount was just right. I could have lived without the half drunk guy behind the counter but everyone else was very nice.  There are three seating areas one has televisions the others do not but all areas have good WiFi reception. I was impressed with Fortuna overall.
3	What makes this place distinctive is that it doesn't suck....that's unusual for most of these small food stands in LV casinos. Slightly overpriced ($9 for low traffic pre-made sandwiches) but not altogether bad. In fact, I'd say that the turkey sando that I bough was probably the best pre-made sandwich I've ever had. Now I realize that's a little like saying that a stab-would to the leg was less painful than one to the head but the sandwich was above average and had lots of high quality meat on a decent grain bread.
4	Great place to get glass of wine or even a bottle. Now serving wine from special automated kiosks where you can select your wine in the quantity you want. You can also buy wine by the bottles - there is good number of wines on sale at 50% off. Good selection of sandwiches, wraps and more. Easy access - located in Hilton lobby across from registration desk.
4	Whenever I attend a convention at the World Trade Center (former convention center), I park at the Hilton and grab a cup of Joe at Fortuna.  Sometimes the lines are long, but it moves quickly so I'm not too worried about it.  Every once in a while I'll grab a Danish with my cup of Joe.You can also buy glasses of Wine here and on certain days they have FREE Wine tastings.  Good stuff.Will I return?  There's no doubt about it.
4	The Hilton keeps sending me coupons fro a free large coffee at Fortuna, so who am I to not accept?  I wouldn't go out of my way to get coffee here, but I was at the Hilton to get tickets for a show so I got my free drink.They serve brewed Starbuck's coffee.  I got a large iced coffee, and like always, it was bold and very tasty.  I have to stay clear of the desserts in their case. They are so enticing!This is a great stop if you're at or near the Hilton.
3	expensive coffee...but nice and hot at least....
4	blame sleep deprivation or my strep throat or any number of factors that perhaps influenced my impression of this place, but wow, do they make an excellent cup of coffee.  i was there this weekend for work for the whirlwind of B2V, and because i was going to be working a bazillion hours, i got a coffee with a shot of espresso.  i know it as a red eye, but every place seems to have another name for it so i order that way.  anyway, it was SO good, and the service was phenomenal.  they also had amazing looking desserts, but being that i was on my way to work, i didn't have any of them.  i did take a picture though.  YUMMY looking.
3	This place seemed nice enough, but it would be much better in some situations than in others.  They no longer have free wi-fi; an employee told me that you have to pay "upstairs", which I assume meant in your hotel room as opposed to at the pearly gates.  Also, this is right in the lobby of a big bustling hotel/casino, not removed at all, so it wouldn't be the best choice for working on your computer, reading, or studying anyway. Might be good if you are on your way out of the hotel in the morning and need some coffee, or if you are meeting some friends for wine at happy hour.
3	The coffee is Starbucks brew so it was good, the regular croissants at breakfast were also yummy. However, the almond croissants were not fresh and not very good. A little pricey but what you would expect at a little cafe inside a casino. Good when you need a quick bite.
5	Any place that has automated wine machines, French Toast & English Toffee Lattes and mega-donuts is a keeper in my book. It's like a delicatessen Starbucks, which they proudly brew by the way. Their deli cases were brimming with donuts, fruit tarts, eclairs, almond croissants, cakes, cupcakes, brownies, salads, sandwiches and chocolate-covered strawberries. My boyfriend and I enjoyed loading up our wine cards and intaking their wine before heading out to the Strip. I like the wine machines because you can taste a little sampling of the wines before purchasing a full glass or bottle. They have small, medium and full-glass pours. Be sure to save your finished wine cards and redeem them for free Fortuna coffee. With tv's, wifi, wine, coffee, juice, salads, sandwiches and desserts, it really is your quintessential cafe. Starbucks with all the hoop and lace. Perfect place to grab a specialty coffee or a glass of vino and wine-down. Since Fortuna gets a lot of foot traffic, it's probably not your best option to relax and whip out your laptop or book. But great to grab that latte or pastry for a nice pick-me-up. Not worth a special trip or anything but if you're passing through or lodging at the Hilton, you should make your way over at some point during your stay.
4	Great fruit parfait!  WAY overpriced for casino food at $7-8, but nonetheless tasty!  Pastries were well-priced and DELICIOUS @ $4.  Get those instead!
2	I needed to eat something. Anything. Nothing that wasn't fast food was open at 11 am. Benihana's looked nice but it wasn't open. I walked around and there was a line to order. There was definitely a wine by the glass vending machine that you had to use your hotel card or something to part take. Can't say I've ever seen that before. They served coffee, sandwiches, wraps, pastries, etc. The gent in front of me was irritated that they were out of parfaits. He needed three of them and I guess I'm assuming by his irritation that he called before hand. I ordered some shrimp pasta container that was served cold. The one on display looked disgusting and the get behind the counter assured me mine would be fresh. It was OK. There was some weird glaze on the shrimps that was weird but consumable. I was basically served cold linguine pasta with a few pieces of of lettuce and five reject-like shrimps. I wanted an Arnold Palmer. Nope. Couldn't get that either. But they did have iced tea. So I just went with that. Those two items came to $14. I'd say there were enough tables but when I was done, I didn't see a trash can to dispose of my food. So I left it on the table. As I was leaving the casino, my plate was still there. Bus boy?
3	Very pricey desserts, coffee isn't so memorable. I think I make better coffee at home.
3	Bought a mixed fruit tart, hot chocolate and a naked juice smoothie here for $12.76 total. A bit overpriced because it's Vegas, and it's a hotel cafe, but that's to be expected. The mixed fruit tart was lovely; there was a thin layer of chocolate painted on the bottom of the beautifully crunchy tart crust to keep it from getting soggy from the fruits and fresh cream, and a thin layer of sponge cake in between the cream and the fruits to add texture and keep the taste light and refreshing. The hot chocolate on the other hand was really meh. Would come back to try the other pastries!Something to take note if you do leave a tip on your credit card, it will show up as 2 separate transactions on your online account, one for the total bill and one for the tip amount.
4	WINE REVIEW ONLY.We came here just for the wine. It's a self serviced wine bar located in the lobby where you can purchase a refillable card at $20 or $25.  There were three of us so we went with the $25.  The round kiosk wine system serves all red wines with a variety of reds from different regions. the kiosk system against the wall serves all whites.  you can select between 3 different pour amounts, with the higher priced for more pours. we did mostly 1 oz pours ranging from $1.25- $1.50 maximizing our tasting options. we were able to slowly taste at our convenience, pour when we wanted to without having someone interrupting us, which is really nice.  we finished our card with just 10 cent left over, but if you return the refillable card, you also get $2.00 back!
3	Starbucks type of coffee shop located near the main lobby of the Las Vegas Hotel.We went there for our morning coffee on a Saturday.  The line was a mile long and was a 20 minute wait for our order.  It's pricey (expect to spend nearly $20 for two coffees and a muffin).  The muffins are huge (enough for 2 people) and the coffee is good.  Just make sure you get the coffee size you ordered.  I was served a small when I paid for a large, so I brought it to two of the baristas attention and they told me they would fix it but it ended up being an even longer wait.  The coffee/food is very good, but the service and prices aren't so good.
4	Great coffee - Ordered a mocha as it was the same price as an Americano $5.50.Nicely done.  HUGE array of gorgeous looking pastries.
3	Pastries gallore! I couldnt pick just one. (not to mention I just had a big meal before running into this place).Nice lil coffee/wine/pastry shoppe.
2	I stayed at this hotel and because this place was open 24/7 we went here a lot. We got the carona lights, and in the morning starbucks iced coffee. We bought their banana bread once and it was horrible just because it was huge it looked really good but tasted like it had been sitting out for a month!! I bought a sandwich from there once and same thing it was dry and gross!! I'm not too picky when I eat especially when I'm drunk usually everything tastes good lol but it was really bad!! and they even said its pre made. So who really knows how long they have it for. To top it off 4/5 of the staff had a huge attitude problem.. and expect us to tip them?? ahh no... not once but multiples times that i visited this station the staff ignored me for a good 2 mintues not even a hello ill be right with you and mind you I'm standing right in front of them. Some days Id see only 1 person working and the rest are standing around talking and theres a long line. Hated this place... but since I Stayed at this hotel for a while I had no choice but to put up with it.
4	Wonderful wine bar located between the casino and room towers at the LVH, formally the Hilton. Deli type food is available in addition to an assortment of coffee and teas. The wine experience is wonderful. You prepay a card and help yourself to a variety of wine via a self serve kiosk. We stop here on our way to the room every night. We enjoy sitting in the back just to be a bit removed from the chaos we were once a part of..
3	The croissant is surprising soft.  My mocha was more strong and less sweet.   The sleeves don't stay on the cup very well... Annoying.
3	COFFE REVIEW: This is a basic pastry shop/cafe (with wine and food). The mocha was pretty much what I expected - tasted almost exactly like Starbucks, so basically nothing special. I followed a fellow yelper's recommendation and tried the croissant. Just like they said, this is probably one of the softest croissants I've ever tasted. Staff were friendly and helpful when I asked about internet (it's not free, unless you've already paid for internet in your room, then it connects automatically). Overall, nice place to stop by and visit if you're waiting around for someone.
5	The muffins are amazing! And the Banana Nut Bread Latte is seriously out of this world!! Just wish the seating offered more room, and that half the chairs didn't wobble so bad you feel like you're gonna fall off!
