2	I'd been here a few times before and liked the place because it had reasonable prices and a relaxing atmosphere. The massages range from bad to excellent depending on the therapist. However, I went in today for a massage my mother scheduled for herself. My mom called prior to the massage to let them know I was taking her place for the Groupon she purchased online (it was a package of 3 massages for $69) and they said it was not a problem, just to show the confirmation email to them when I arrived. So when I checked in PRIOR to my massage they looked at my email and said it was fine, they would look up the confirmation number but to go back to the massage room to get started. When I came out to tip the massage therapist, the receptionist informed me they didn't have a record of the purchase because I came to the wrong business and the cost of the massage was $69. While talking about the mistaken identity of the Groupon purchased, the receptionist informed me they did not even do Groupons.  Umm, excuse me?! My email they checked clearly stated Groupon on it and my mother stated that it was a Groupon on the phone. They should have known prior to the massage it wasn't them if they don't offer Groupons. I wouldn't have gone here if I had known the Groupon was not for them. Seems like a shady business practice to me. I paid it but I should have fought them. No, it wasn't their fault I went to the wrong location but they should have checked before the massage instead of waiting until after. Or offer a discount due to the confusion. They just lost a customer of a few years because they handled the situation incorrectly.
4	I had a complication here previously but they contacted me and gave me a free massage to make up for it. The massage was fantastic and so was the customer service in fixing the previous problem. Request Alexandria she's amazing!
5	FINALLY!!!...a massage therapist that understands and performs a proper "deep tissue" massage.  After trying different massage spas only to be disappointed, I was beginning to think I would never find a therapist that knew how to give or understood the importance of a deep tissue massage. Moreover, I can't believe this place only has 1 review! Who is not going here?! And for those who have gone here, why are they not raving about it?  I will be honest, I was a bit skeptical because they only had one review but I am so glad I have them a chance. Rebecca was awesome and I appreciated her knowledge (thank you, Rebecca!).  I plan to incorporate her stretching suggestions into my daily routine.Unfortunately I am just visiting here in Casa Grande or I would be a regular at this establishment.  Do yourself a favor and book an appointment to see for yourself :)
5	I'm here visiting family for the holiday and desperately needed a  massage. Chose this place due to their location and yelp reviews and was not disappointed! My therapist was Mitchelle and she did a great, really deep tissue massage. Nothing wimpy about it and I felt exhilarated and relaxed for the rest of the day. She listened to my problems and focused on those areas, greatly reducing my sciatic pain. I've got another appointment with a different therapist tomorrow, and I'll definitely be coming back here again next year!Edit- the massage today with Lily was even better than the first one. She's REALLY a deep tissue therapist and helped me tremendously. I will definitely be booking her again next year. This place is a gem and the prices are cheap (by NYC standards at least) and worth every penny. If I lived in the area, I'd book the monthly package for sure.
5	I went to Casa Grande Wellness Center yesterday and I am so thankful I looked at the reviews on this page so I could choose a superb massage therapy center that was well recommended.  So, I want to add my review.  I had (notice the past tense) sciatic nerve problems and Rebecca worked with me and it is so much better today.  Yesterday it felt okay, but today it is almost completely gone.  I waited a day to write a review because I wanted to see if the pain would come back after my 3 mile jog this morning and it did not!! I am so pleased and I plan to go back in two weeks just to keep my muscles from getting so tight.  It hurt quite a bit while Rebecca was massaging the tightness out of my lower back, buttocks and legs, but I knew if I just hung in there, it would be worth it and it was.  I haven't had a massage in 15 years so Rebecca had a big task ahead of her.  I can't say enough good things about this center.  I also play pickle ball and I'm hoping the pain does not return after stomping on my leg to hit the ball a few times.  I will find out tomorrow but I will go back and have her "make it go away"  Thank you Rebecca.
