3	This hidden nightlife gem is located in an industrial park off of Elliot Road. It's so hidden that it seems like only an elite group of people know about the chic lounge and bar.Since the lounge and patio bar are attached to a recording studio (Phase 4), the bar attracts a lot of visiting musicians as well as local Valley band members. Who knows -- you may spot a celeb here. Drinks are always cheap here and the bar is usually doing some kind of big drink special or party to attract new customers. I.E. Phase 54 is hosting a lingerie fashion show this Saturday (Aug. 25).
3	What is this a club, a music dive, a strip club, or a porn house???I have heard interesting rumors about this place, that they shoot porn somewhere in this club. I guess it's a multifunction business and serves many purposes. When you enter you are launched in world of scantily clad dancers on the bar, and misters blasting soft clouds of wate vapor into the air. Between the guy blowing fire from his mouth on the bar, and the numerous dancers, it was dangerous to even buy a drink. I decide to go between the the dancers, and duck the flaming bartender to get something to ease my mind.Do I dare ask "what type of beer do you have?" Unfortunately  they have shit for selection, I am reduced to Heineken. Defeated again! We actually came here to see our friends band play, so we entered the second area of this "bar" and was thrust into a pseudo lounge, dive thing, which almost felt like a Hotel conference room.  It had this weird winding stair case leading to the third area of this joint. Hmm I thought, that has to be where they shoot the pornos. My friend I figured it was a special coke party since everyone who came back up was sniffing and rubbing their noses.  After watching people descend and reappear from this staircase, My buddy decides to check it out. He reports back later in the night, it was simple a really bad DJ spinning records, who he thought may have been partially retarded. So much for the porn and coke party, that is so 80s anyway.The music was good, both bands Talk Fiction and 9th Street Shakedown were entertaining. Overall this place isn't that cool, besides being completely random, and in between a giant Coca-Cola Bottling Facility, and other industrial like buildings, it's nothing to check out.  I guess the only coke floating around this joint, is the "soft drink" type.  Even though I wouldn't return to Phase 54, I am still convinced they shoot porno here, that can't be taken away from me!I forgot to mention the entire time The Adventures of Baron Munchausen  was playing on this huge flat screen TV. Not only did it distract all of us watching the bands, later on my guitarist buddy from Talk Fiction said "I had a hard time concentrating, I kept trying to watch Baron Munchausen during our set, it's one of my favorite movies." Totally Random.....
3	I went here with a friend looking for something a little different.  Something a little more adult.  Sick of the Scottsdale scene with lame ass guys in their Affliction shirts and Dolce sunglasses.  I got exactly what I asked for, something completely different.  This place is in the middle of nowhere and seems set apart from the outside world. Which is why is feels like something can happen at any moment.  And really, It did.  This is not a good place to scope out dudes or chicks for that matter but a great place to people watch.  You will not be disappointed if you like to see a very mixed group of people intermingling.  The DJ did leave a lot to be desired.
2	I say this will all love.. because I know that this place is in a really terrible location so they do everything they can to attract people... but it is just god awful.First off, you can't find the place. It's in the middle of an industrial area.Second, they have 20-something girls that couldn't get a job at the strip club wearing next to nothing dancing on the bar. Some of you are probably thinking "hot," but there is a reason why they couldn't get a job at the strip club, if you catch my very obvious drift.Third, the place is utter chaos. You have a DJ spinning outside, one band playing in the corner of the upstairs area, and generally a metal band playing downstairs, all at ONE TIME. That makes zero sense.I'm not really sure what else to say other than I don't like this place, and I would probably never go here again.
3	Phase 54 seemed fun from the street, but it really freaked me out by the time the night was over.  Now, I might just be a prude, but the dancers made me really uncomfortable.  First off, I'm supposed to look at you not the other way around.  One of the girls would have seriously molested me had I let her.  These girls are not your average go-go dancers.  The one who was after me made-out with two women and even let one lick her crotch for a dollar... I swear that is what it looked like.  Um, no thanks baby, quit mouthing sexy song lyrics at me!  This may sound cool to some of you, but trust me, the vibe from those 'things' was just weird. Inside was a whole different story.  Local bands play downstairs and up.  Upstairs had a jazzy-cool type of band, but in contrast, some hardcore metal was going on downstairs. This place is a cool concept, just beware of the beasts outside, they will eat you up.  I don't think I'll be back, but it's worth checking out once or going if you really like a band that's playing... or if you like the part of my review about being molested by wanna-be strippers.
2	Not having been to a club in quite a while (and especially not in the industrial area of Tempe) I was a bit skeptical about going to Phase 54. My roommates band was playing and I had promised I would go, so I headed up there on Saturday night. I have to agree with Amber W.  - The place is utter chaos and not in a good way. To enter the club you walk upstairs and through an outdoor patio. There was a hard core techno DJ spinning outside and girls dancing on the bar that would have looked better with more clothing on.. As soon as you walk inside there is a band playing in the corner of the upstairs area, there is a small bar and a deathtrap spiral staircase to go downstairs. Seriously this thing is dangerous, I was sober and had a hard time walking down it.. The main problem with the upstairs area is that you can hear both the band and the DJ at the same time, the sound system is horrible. Same to be said for downstairs, there was a metal band playing and you could still hear the band from upstairs.. How is this enjoyable? It was a really interesting crowd, the metal heads, the hardcore kids and the emos, then the older folks that came to listen to the folk/jazz band.. Weird...The bartender must have kept confusing water for vodka because he poured the weakest drinks I have had in a while (seriously 4 vodka sodas later and no buzz), then he overcharged (2 drinks I hadn't ordered). By that time though I was so eager to get out of there I didn't care.2 stars for visual stimulation - I saw a granny with a cane, and a kid with foot high rainbow mohawk standing by each other. That rocks.
4	Phase 54 is a pretty awesome place to go.  Located in the middle of an industrial area in Tempe, the hidden nature of the club helps add to its uniqueness and attraction.Phase 54 started out as a recording studio. Then they opened up the lounge upstairs for entertaining their clients.  The recording studio is downstairs.  The main bar is outside and has a sweet patio. On the inside is a smaller bar and some couches to chill back on.If you want a different upscale place to go to on a Friday or Saturday night, I highly recommend.
1	What a god-awful nightmare this place truly is. First off, TERRIBLE layout as has been stated by most of the people here thus far, complete fail at utilizing the space effectively. Also as mentioned previously, let me reiterate that the sound system SUCKS, which is completely ironic considering that this dump is suppossed to double as a "professional" recording studio. My pieced-together home stereo sounds better. The drinks are consistently weak, the bartenders have a tendency to overcharge your tab for drinks you didn't order. The atmosphere is just plain creepy and off-putting, which brings me to the biggest problem witht his venue...Most of that creepiness you feel hovering over this place can probably be attributed to Jon, the balding-but-still desperately-trying-to-cling-to-my-youth part owner. This bi-polar, cheating, lying, sleazeball was constantly out of his mind (most likely the reason for the coke "rumors"), telling the most absurd lies and tall tales (how's that live music venue coming along...wasn't that suppossed to open back in '07?) while ogling any remotely attractive girl to cross his path, making any female patron completely uncomfortable. But wait, it doesn't stop there! I heard firsthand from two separate women that he attempted to sexually assault one of them (she was lucky enough to escape) and the other whom he actually physically struck! This guy is truly the scum of the earth, who sinks so low as to hit a girl? (Much less, one of his employees at the time!) I can only imagine what has gone on in the "vip" hot-tub (read: STD incubator) room behind locked doors...Jon has successfully managed to burn countless bridges in this town, particularly with promoters who at one time worked for him (and inevitably got ripped off), to vendors (particularly liquor vendors, check out the weak selection and realize this is Jon's fault for not paying people), as well as his former employees (it doesn't take long to see through his front when you deal with him on a regular basis). Ultimately, it's because of Jon and his behavior that this place is such an epic FAIL.
4	Phase 54 is no longer in an industrial area in Tempe - it's at Ray & the 10, east of Sand Bar.This club is really awesome in theory - it has the look and feel of trying to be a serious nightclub like those you'd find in Old Town Scottsdale or on the strip in Vegas. And my friends and I like that there is a nightclub near where we live so we don't have to go all the way to Scottsdale. Meanwhile, there are not usually tons of people at Phase 54, like there are in Scottsdale & Vegas, which is part of what I think makes clubbing interesting. Hopefully more folks in Tempe, Chandler, & Ahwatukee will catch on & start going! :)
2	Phase 54 was doomed to fail. Although lots of money was put into the club the design is not people friendly. It's got a stage that's too high so it seems like the club wants to give concerts but there is nowhere to sit. There is a good dance floor but if a concert was given there isn't enough space to put in seats. If you want to sit for a drink the only tables are on the other side of the bar so you won't be able to watch the band. The high stage isolates the bands from the crowds, which is a lousy idea if dancing is supposed to be the idea. Phase 54 has a great sound system, mixing board, lights etc but my guess is that because of the lousy design people just aren't going to go there in great numbers. It's a design looking for a purpose.Another turn-off is that they have security guards at the front door that come across as armed pimps -- and they collect a 5 dollar cover charge.Most of the time they just have a DJ but they still charge a $5 cover. They are having a tough time getting local bands to play there because they want bands to play for free. I never understood why Phase 54 was allowed there. Any moron could have seen the trouble that location would cause but Chandler gave the OK anyway. Even while the construction was going on the restaurants were complaining and yet Chandler seemed to be oblivious. Something about this doesn't make sense.May Phase 54 RIP because there is no way they can stay in business considering that other places are far better run. It's sad for Chandler that this didn't work out.
