1	Got seated right away. Ordered drinks and they arrived fast. Then all went wrong. Waited half hour for refill then got to order food. Ordered the trio platter. Arrived cold and sloppy. The portion size was terrible. The wings were not hot they were dry and tasteless. My nephews kids plate had bigger mini cheeseburgers then mine! and it looks like the steak burrito thing they got on there was taken from a short end piece. The manager took my meal off when I complained but he said next time order something else if I don't like the portion size. Are you kidding me. Next time? How about next time I go to village in which is next door. Food is like Denny's but at least it is served fast, hot, and portions are good. Don't go to this apple bees if you can help it. Find another one. Or go to the Carl's Jr next door you will save money and will be more satisfied.
3	I went with my mother and aunt for Applebee's Teacher Appreciation Day! They were serving free entrees for teachers with a valid school ID or pay-stub.We got there pretty late in the day around 9:30 pm, so there wasn't really a wait. The place was probably half full, and for a Tuesday night, that's not bad. (Granted it was Happy Hour too though!)We ordered up a spinach and artichoke dip appetizer which was pretty tasty. The chips were a bit over salted, but considering it was half price for appetizers I guess I can't complain.They had a specially made menu for Teachers,  and all three of us decided to go with the 7 oz. Sirloin Steak with the option of mashed potatoes or baked potato, and vegetables. I didn't expect much since Applebee's isn't exactly well known for their steaks, and so I wasn't too disappointed to find that my steak was cooked kinda funny, the veggies were mediocre, and the mashed potatoes kinda cold. Their baked potato (which I sampled from my mother's plate) was pretty tasty though as well as the cherry limeade. The baked apple pie dessert with ice cream was pretty darned tasty though!I think the best part of the night, which is also why I chose to give three stars instead of two was the service. Typically, three Asian women, on a FREE Teacher's Day meal, probably doesn't scream of "hey we tip well!!!" I've actually been to some restaurants where service wasn't that most likely because of the notoriety of Asians as being bad tippers. However, service here was great! Our server came and took our orders promptly, was kind about waiting for my mother and aunt to decide what they wanted to drink (water, which again doesn't scream of good tips) and eat. Made sure our beverage glasses were always full, and was very kind and courteous. Our whole meal ended up just being shy of $15, but we tipped our server well because she deserved it!So in a nutshell...wait: not long, but we came latefood: OK. cherry limeade was tasty, and dessert was tastyservice: great!
2	The food is terrible. Service is ok. Be prepared for a high school reunion.
3	Wife, Daughter, and Daughter's boyfriend! Yes I said it, Daughter's boyfriend. Well they wanted to meet me for lunch. So they picked Applebee's? I have never been much of a fan of this franchise, I just never liked them. So any who! Daughter and wife shared a two for twenty meal. Daughter had the Three-Cheese Chicken Penne, she actually enjoyed it, I had a taste of it. It wasn't to bad. Chicken was really good, and since she likes bruschetta! This made the plate even more enjoyable for her. Wife was OK with her sirloin steak, and broccoli. Only problem was it had to much salt on both the steak and veggies. The boyfried (we are calling him this as of now) had their Classic Buffalo Wings and fries. Since it was all gone, I guessed he liked them. I had the Provolone-Stuffed Meatballs with Fettuccine, I seen the commercials, so I wanted to try this. It's alright. I just didn't like the mixture of the cream sauce and marinara sauce. Meatballs were very good. Service needs to get better, but overall it was OK.
5	My wife and I went here for lunch because it was close to our shopping and really did not expect much from a chain restaurant but I was more than pleasantly surprised.  I feel funny writing a great review for a chain restaurant but it was very good and the waitress, Heather, was great and we were seated quickly even though it was right at lunch on a Wednesday.  Manager came by and asked how everything was and was interested in what we said.  I had the 'Unlimited soup and salad" and the first soup was their tomato basil which was great and I had the Santa Fe chicken salad with it, also very good.  Then I opted for the potato bacon soup which was very very good and the spinach shrimp salad with bacon dressing that was excellent also and for $7, that was amazing compared to Olive Garden, for example.  My wife had one of the new sandwiches which was a roast beef bacon mushroom melt and I had a bite and it was top of the line as well.  Service and food were both great, yeah, I know it is a chain restaurant and the 'foodies' will probably turn their nose up with this review but what the heck, I liked it a lot and we will be back.
5	Our fav spot for happy hour! We always order the hot wings and a blue moon... The manager is usually here and always comes over asks how we are doing...
4	I visited this place with the family during happy hour. We had to wait about 15 minutes before we were seated. This was understandable as the place was packed. I sat at the bar to catch a few minutes of whatever game was playing and enjoyed a beer until we were seated. The bartender's service, I noticed just in those few minutes,  was top notch. Once seated we were served by a nice waitress. Really the best service I've had in quite some time. A guy in a shirt/tie came by a few times to check on things. This was not to the annoying point, but it was just right. The waitress also came back quite often to check on things. I never had to ask for a refill The food, while not great, was not bad. I mean it is what it is with this type of place. I'm not going to brag to my friends about the food, but I will recommend based on the service alone.
5	We would like to personally thank Rebecca the manager for the wonderful service she provided to my brother and his friends for prom. I was given bad information for my brother and his friends for prom night but Rebecca worked everything out and was so wonderful to have a table waiting and ready when they arrived. Thank you, thank you, thank you that was so awesome that you were able to do that.
3	Applebee's is one of those places that has gotten better over the years. They actually reduced the portion sizes a bit and improved the taste of their food. I wasn't overly in love with the fish and chips I ordered, but it wasn't bad. Just tasted a bit off from what I expected. The fries were good, and the portion sizes were much more reasonable than I remember. Hubby liked his meal as well, and the blondie for dessert is always our favorite. They're back to bringing them out piping hot instead of lukewarm like they did for a few years. Service was fast and friendly. As always though, if you want a quiet restaurant where you can chat, go elsewhere.
3	In high school I would head to Applebees a few times a month. Afterwards, I all but swore it off. Another national chain that was using huge portions to justify bloated prices. But my last trip was promising. The food was good, the prices were fair, and the portions were about right.Before I'd say go somewhere else for dinner and stop by Applebees for a blondee for desert. Now, I can see wanting to make a trip there for dinner again!
1	I wish that I could give this place NO stars. We were seated quickly, asked for water which came in filthy glasses and the straw already in the cup (huge deal to me). Anyway, then asked for ice tea which came in a similarly filthy glass and tasted like dirty water,  oh and by the way the water tasted like pool water. I mean this place was gross. I had enough and just asked to cancel my food order, tipped and left. Just don't go unless this is ur kind of place. I just wanted to have a quick lunch with my sweetheart who worked in the area. Bad idea.
3	This place seems to go up and down with servers so it is hard to give it a great review.  The food is normal for a chain but for me the service is what matters. We attend this location lots of times because it is close to home. I appreciate the kids menu and the fact that they are kid friendly.
5	I always come here , for happy hour , especially on Thursdays for karaoke , majority of which I have good service , this past Thursday 4/4/14 we had a new server that we've never had before Noe R. , excellent service , and not just with us , I noticed how he was hit the rest of his section . Definitely will be asking for his section in the future . We also usually get the trio sampler appetizer , wings , mozz sticks & wonton tacos & out of all the other times we've gotten this , this time was the best , service , drinks , food and music was on point !
1	I used to come here all the time for reasonable prices until I started realizing how shitty the food is. I just go for happy hour because my boyfriend likes the wings and I do enjoy a Long Island here and there, but this time was terrible. We didn't even get acknowledged walking in, we sat ourselves at the bar, my boyfriend ordered his wings and a Pepsi and I got a water. She got the wings to us pretty quickly and then after that she completely just forgot about us. She was too busy chatting with her friends that came to visit. Served them drink after drink and didn't even give us a refill until we were about ready to go. When she finally gave ME a refill, she completely ignored the fact my boyfriend needed one too. She rushed off to make yet another drink for her friends. My boyfriend had to yell check just to get her attention and give us our check because otherwise she would have left us sitting there. After she gave us our check she again left to make her friends another drink failing to ask if everything was alright and forgot about us again, my boyfriend had to wave his check in the air for her to notice. I've had pretty good service at Applebee's until tonight. She just completely ignored us and went on taking care of her friends.
1	I'm disappointed in the Applebee's franchise altogether. About 10 years ago it was like the best place to go for food and drinks. Now it sucks balls! They took away the veggie patch pizza and the grande nachos. Now they only have a select amount of appetizers for half off. What a rip off! I doubt if I'll ever eat at this franchise again, there are better places to go with better food. Even the drink I had was weak, very disappointing
4	The servers are great but like many of the post before me the food is sometimes not so good when it is busy. It can take 10-20 for a waiter to take your order and then sometimes half an hour to come with the food.
1	First things first.... They did not allow me to use my military discount. Because I don't look like the "military type". Even though I have my military id to prove it. The GM started asking me a billion questions. I just got fed up with it and told him at this point I don't care about the discount. 2nd thing. The rice they gave me for my fiesta line chicken was soooooooo dry it made Mohave desert seem like a resort. Yes, they did replace it with fries. But not until I asked 3 or 4 times. Horrible service. F*** their unpatriotic manager. Never going back and I wouldn't recommended anybody who's in the military that doesn't look like the "military type" to go either. Rant over.
3	WHILE at my table, PARTY of 4. Plenty of drinks, some appetizers and although OUR service from the MANAGER LEON HALL was impeccable. .. our assigned server LEXI took it upon herself to make an inappropriate executive decision to charge someone at my table for an add on WITHOUT any type of consultation OR permission.  RUDE, inappropriate AND on top of it all NEVER EVER returned to our table. "GUILT WILL EAT AT YOU AND I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON YOUR DECISION LEXI"
4	I came here last night for a late dinner and had the best service we have ever had by Jonathan S. We were greeted quickly and got our drinks and orders in quickly as well. The food was good! The only thing I was disappointed about was they changed the pretzel cheese dip recipe since the last time we came! It was SO good and was one of the reasons we would come here. They put something in it which made is spicy, it might have been peppers. The wings and entrees were good! We had a good time and I really appreciated the good and friendly service!
1	First things first.... They did not allow me to use my military discount. Because I don't look like the "military type". Even though I have my military id to prove it. The GM started asking me a billion questions. I just got fed up with it and told him at this point I don't care about the discount. 2nd thing. The rice they gave me for my fiesta line chicken was soooooooo dry it made Mohave desert seem like a resort. Yes, they did replace it with fries. But not until I asked 3 or 4 times. Horrible service. F*** their unpatriotic manager. Never going back and I wouldn't recommended anybody who's in the military that doesn't look like the "military type" to go either. Rant over.
1	Worst customer service ever. Sitting at the bar and never asked if I wanted a menu or anything else, it's been 20 minutes and still neither bartender had asked me if I want anything.  I left. It was awful.
1	Every time I come here it is always horrible service. I'm a waitress as well so I try to be very easy going with servers because I know how hard of a job it is. Tonight it took almost 30 min just to be greeted and an additional 10 min just to get our drinks. The server never came back to refill our drinks and the manager was soooooo rude. Definitely not returning.
1	One of the most disorganized Apple Bee's experiences.The service was rushed at all times. This rush caused the main course to arrive before the appetizers. Big screw up and all the waitress had to say was "at least you have more food at once". Ridiculous is all I can say. The bourbon shrimp and chicken had a strong burnt taste which is unacceptable on all counts. The boneless buffalo wings were the only thing worth having. These folks seriously need to get their sh!t together.
1	This has to be the worst restaurant I have ever been to. We had a party of 6 and when we finally got a table it took forever to get our server to drink us our drinks. Probably a good 15 min. After which we ordered our food and that took 45 minutes to come out. 45 minutes. They weren't even that busy. One of my friends ordered more french fries and that took another 20 minutes to come. After we finished our food, some of us ordered dessert but our server didn't clear our table of any of our plates which is beyond annoying. The GM came out to inform us that they were out of whipped cream and we then expressed our concerns about how our service was going and how clearly our server hadn't even cleared our table and her response was "Well what would you like me to do about it?" and I said to her "Well you could start by clearing our table." and she walked away. The table behind us complained to her about not having the hot sauce he wanted and he got a comped meal, so I'm not sure if it was because of our age (which shouldn't matter since we were paying customers), which is why she chose to be so rude. Needless to say, I will never go to another Applebee's again, their food sucks and so does their service.
