4	They were open at 5:49 am.  This was a big deal for us!  We were on an early flight home on a Monday morning, so it was nice to have breakfast before we boarded our plane.  A grande Awake Tazo, a bowl of oatmeal, a tall nonfat latte and a danish, as well as a bottle of Fiji water for the plane, cost $16.27.
4	Love: skinny Carmel latte~ Carmel java chip frappaccino ~ egg salad sandwich ~ Caprese panini The rewards program also offers decent perks.
2	This review for the one at Gate C5:Thankful they open at 5am... gotta have my caffeine for these early morning trips, but this one seems to short my cup no matter what size.  What's that all about?
2	drinks are great just not the employees. Very inconsiderate, chatting with eachother while there's a long line of customers.
3	This is your basic airport Starbucks.  Expect long lines, high prices and marginal service and you wont be disappointed.
2	This Starbucks was a bit difficult to find at first. It is stuck in a place that is small and when the line gets long you have to like fit together to order and to be able to be close enough to hear your name called. I think they were doing construction of some kind that is why the wall was so close to the entrance of this location . The staff was only in a rushing mood. "What do you, how do you want it, pay me now and move on..." So do not expect any real kindness. The line was so long. I mean I had time, only because I am addicted to their green and really wanted some before I got on my flight. So what better way to spend the time then to wait in love for something you love. I got through to the cash register quickly, but waited a lot longer then I would have liked for just some shaken green tea. The prices were not too bad for being an airport, of course they are a bit higher, but I got the green tea and a cinnamon coffee cake for $6 bucks. Not ridiculous I suppose. Its there, that is pretty much it.
2	Due to the airport remodel, Gate C5 is now Gate C16.  Same location, same so-so expectations.    What is new these days is the BLONDE ROAST coffee that is being pushed in all locations, except here.  They sell the beans, the Via, put up banners...  and yet, none brewed.  C'mon!  WTF?  This is the difference between corporate-owned and franchise Starbucks stores.  Same beans, different brand of service and higher prices.  Staff is nice and do their best to keep the lines down.  Can't ask for much at an airport.
2	they do not accept giftcardsmy coconut mocha tasted like chocolate iceplus, they took a LONG time especially since I was the only customer there.
4	Oh Airport Starbuckses.  So important to life, yet so poorly reviewed.I love you Airport Starbuckses. Without you my flight would be so much more disappointing.Also, thank you for still making the Salted Carmel Mocha (even though you are all out of the Salt Topping).Never Change Airport Starbuckses.
3	Ok this place just gets 3 stars... Here's the positive: your in a captive environment so thankfully it's here, the staff is always very friendly and work with a sense of urgency, the coffee is always on par.... Here's the not so good: There's no seating at all, there's always a pretty big line, the costs are around 25% higher than your used to paying for the same drink elsewhere and they don't give you any stars if you use your gold card.
4	Hooray for caffeine! As you can imagine the airport location is always busy.   This crew has their operation flowing smoothly.  The line was a bit longer but I had the time to wait for my morning brew.  They were quick to take orders so the line moved quite fast.   It did however seem to take a little more time for my order to finish though.   I do understand how busy and hectic it can be.  But as always, my order was perfect and very tasty!  Since I always have my Starbucks card, it's an easy choice when choosing where to get my coffee.  And they open at 4:30 am for those early morning flights which is always a bonus.  Thanks Starbucks for starting my day off with a kick!
4	I think reviewers should compose their assessments of a business based on what it is, not what they would like it to be. This is an airport coffee shop. During normal hours, you can expect it to have long lines. At all times, you can expect the prices to be high. Long lines and pricey drinks shouldn't even factor into this rating. So, what should? Restaurant cleanliness, product selection, product quality and customer service are all fair game in my humble opinion. With respect to product selection, I only ordered an iced coffee but I observed other customers who also seemed to get what they wanted with no issues. The quality of my iced coffee was fine. I received my order quickly. The cashier smiled and the barista made my order correctly. Customer service gets a check mark. That really only leaves cleanliness, and in this area there was opportunity. There was a spill on the floor, the drink counter had debris on it, and the condiment station was equally soiled. Granted, this can all happen very quickly in a high turn business. However, to get a five star rating in my book, the facilities have to be clean. So, four stars for this congested, overpriced Starbucks!
3	It's a standard airport Starbucks. Good for a limited menu at increased prices. The drink makers behind the counter were polite and fast. They even remade a drink for a lady that simply didn't like the flavour, nothing wrong with it they just gave her something else. I suppose that shows good customer service. Personally I don't generally go to Starbucks but the Chai Latte Tea was adequate. It tasted like a standard Chai from a box or bag. Not great, but exactly what I was expecting hence the 3 stars. They only need to be good enough for a captive audience at the airport and they are good enough for that.
3	Nothing to rave or rant about with this Starbucks. It is an airport starbucks so expect higher prices and longer lines. Employees were nice. i think they were training someoen when I went so that could explain the long wait to order with only 3 people in line. Thats ok what else do I have to do at the airport but wait for my flight.
5	Fast service and the barista calls your order by name. Great feeling! As a former barista, I really appreciate that. However they did charge me extra for my cream cheese, but everyone does.
3	Definitely Starbucks coffee, which is good on a Monday morning, but very inefficient handling the Monday morning queue.  The line was strung well into the C concourse.  Once you got to the front, you quickly found out they were running 1 of the 2 cash registers.
