4	One of the things I enjoy the most in Chinatowns (which is so disappointingly lacking in my own) is walking into bakeries and marveling at all the yummy pastries, cakes, and savory buns.  No matter how full I am, I always buy at least two, eating one immediately (since I can't resist the temptation) and saving one for later.  After two days of intense competition with 200 other dragon boat teams, this shop was a sight for sore eyes!  As actual candy stores do nothing for me, I imagine people's excitement for candy stores rival mine for Cantonese bakeries.  After much indecision, I settled on a Chinese BBQ pork bun (char siu bao), a custard-filled pineapple bun (bo lo bao), and two egg custard tarts (dan tak--a favorite since childhood).  I generally judge Cantonese bakeries by their egg custard tarts and the ones here are among top eight I've had in North America.  Before running out of the store to catch my teammates, I took a moment to admire the array of exquisite and delicious Asian cakes on display (see photos!).  My only disappointment was I couldn't buy one and take it home!The next day while we were driving back in the car, I remembered I still had a bun in my bag.  Though it was not warm, the pineapple custard bun kept its texture and tasted fresh and yummy and made a nice lunch.  As we drove home across the border, I happily savored a little piece of home, and of Montreal.
3	I have found that there are not as many pastries to choose from at this shop, than some of the other shops on the block.  But, I do think that the bubble tea here is better than the other bakeries.  My favorite is the Grapefruit Green Tea.  Other than that, the staff here was kind of rude to me- like they did not want me to be there in the first place.   That was off-putting.
5	So many yummy things to admire and eat, so little time!  If I had run into this place earlier in my trip, I would have come back every day.The dough they use for their buns is the most delicious that I've ever had.  And, the black sesame mochi and the green tea sponge cake were delightful.  I also had a honeydew milk bubble tea that was to die for.  For the things I didn't eat, I wish I could have.  All the cakes, pastries, and buns are so beautifully made that it makes you automatically think, "Eat that".  If they had a cyanide mochi, I would probably try it.Definitely stop at Harmonie when you are in Montreal.  You will not be sorry!
5	I was getting coconut bubble teas here without the bubbles so the price was good for the very high quality I was served. Excellent desserts me and my gf would walk down here after meals on our vacation
4	5 stars for their egg custard filled mochi pancake shaped "buns" (they also come filled with bean paste). They're $1, warm, and delicious, and had us making special stops just to buy them.Minus one star only because the place was so small and I wished they had a few tables to sit at inside and enjoy my bun. In the winter, munching away outside is a cold endeavor.
4	Very nice and clean. Small bakery.  Warm buns. Enough variety. Slightly expensive (compared to CA). Overall, I'm glad I've stopped by. I haven't had these for sooo long.
5	Mmm. Two words.  Egg Tarts.  Delicious! Flakey, buttery, soft pastry.  Way better than what I've had in NYC. And cheap! 2 for $1!  Also got some bubble tea.  It was a bit sweet, but still good. It's on par with NYC bubble tea, I'd say.
5	EGG TARTS, EGG TARTS, EGG TARTTTTS! This place makes one of the best egg tarts I have ever ate in my life! Being asian and all, believe me.. I've had many in my life.  BUT, mannnnn OHHHHHHH MANNNNNN... can they make one flaky, scrumptious egg tart, not to mention.. when you eat it while it's hot, it's just so heavenly! I strongly recommend this venue for their egg tarts, they sell out fast, but they are always quick on restocking the tray. Although, it's pretty expensive for egg tarts ( 2 for $1), it's well worth it; not to forget, it's bigger then most places! Aside from their egg tarts, I didn't have the opportunity to try anything else, but I am for sure a official fan of their egg tarts !
4	How to get food here:1. Get a tray2. Put what you like/looks good on your tray,3. Go to the cash register and paySimple. I like it because you can get a small snack or a buy a full out meal. They had good variety on the three different evenings we went to pickup some food despite being busy each evening. The only thing they could do to improve would be to have somewhere to sit down and eat there, however that would cut into their reasonable prices, so probably for the best.
5	The dan tat (egg tarts) are sitting on a hot dish so it's creamy, hot with a crispy, buttery pastry shell.  So divine.  Their almond croissant is surprisingly fresh, tasty but not too sweet.  Black sesame bun, curry beef bun and sausage buns were all delicious.
4	Cheap, decent food, well presented and clean.  Can't complain!  Great for a snack if you want to try something different (assuming that you're like me and don't have Chinese pastries as an every-day food).
2	Harmony my %^$!!!!!  Ok ok ok...this place definitely has some good quality egg tarts and other treats;  but the saleslady/owner is a jerk.  We came there when our dollar was only worth 98 cents canadian.  So we bought a few things to munch on, and it came out to $12 CANADIAN.  We, being stupid, arrogant American tourists, didn't have Canadians and decided to pay in US dollars.  As soon as the lady heard that, she told us because of the exchange rate, the price is $14 in US money.  Ok....I KNOW she knows how to calculate money, but I offered my help in math anyway.  " it's actually only $12.24 in US money" I said with a smile.  She countered with a smile also, but a bit more annoyed "no it's $14 in US, if you don't want to pay in US money, maybe you should go to a bank and exchange and come back here with Canadian money.  I traveled to the US when our Canadian money was much lowered than your american money.  So now it's all good for us that you come here when our money is much better.  It's like SWEET revenge."  WHOA..... I didn't expect all that on a Sunday morning.  I realized my disadvantaged of being an American surrounded by Canadians, who just came out from churches and hungry (did I mention they have ridiculously beautiful churches?), so I just shut my mouth, paid $14 and got the hell out of there.  I thought Canadians were supposed to be nice...oh wait... there WAS that horrible Canadian riot when our Bruins came to Canada not so long ago....     Damn Canadians!!!!  Wait until our currency picks up again...you'll see!!!
2	I hate to do this and give it a bad rating, cause the place isn't bad, it just isn't for me.Like most chinese bakeries the food isn't sugary, which is sad...cause I like my sugar and butter...If you like your stuff more bread"y" than sweet, then you'll love it here. The place is good, if this is your kinda thing...just isn't mine it seems.
3	Very inexpensive. Stop by here if you want a quick meal on the go  like a pork bun or something. This bakery was I believe the first one to open in Chinatown on that particular street. Now there's bakeries left and right opened. Anyway I like their Hong Kong milk tea, always order that or the egg tarts! The egg tarts are cheaper in Chinatown than they are in the Guy one actually for some reason, well last time I checked. I haven't tried their cakes, but their pastries are ok. Some are too sweet I find. I'm not that into Asian pastries unless it's green tea/durian...so i'm a bit biased. But worth checking out for cheap snacks/cakes.
5	Montreal has the best egg tarts! flaky crust, perfectly baked egg custard, not too sweet.  This comment is coming from a person that is from Vancouver, British Columbia,  a city not too far from Richmond where they are known to have the best Chinese food in BC outside of China.
5	I don't know how to spell it, just say it" Guy May Bow" - best pastry I have ever had. Coconut, sugar, butter - all wrapped in a soft warm baked shell.
3	This place isn't bad.  It's got nothing on what you'd find in TO and other cities with larger Chinese communities.The food is cheap and it's a good way to stock up if you want some cheap eats throughout the days.  It doesn't just have sweets!  You can get buns filled with meats...man that sounded dirty.  Anyways, you can load up almost a days worth of food for around $10 and allow you to stroll through MTL until dinner or later
4	Excellent egg tarts (both portugese and chinese style) and great milk tea (not too sweet). Roast pork bun was ok - better was the cream filled bun! Hubby and I came for a quick but delicious breakfast.
4	Cake on the brain cake on the brain! Sometimes it happens that I just want cake and Montreal is a city where I feel there are limited choices...unless you want to pay $7-10 for a fancy slice somewhere...fancy. Even then...where to go for a really good slice of fresh home made chocolate or white cake with buttercream icing? A few moons ago I ended up in "Chinatown" with a friend and after dinner were looking for a sweet shop. She mentioned Harmony so we walked in and I was taken aback...what were all of these perfectly formed, sweetly packaged cakes?! Sponge cakes of all kinds...lighter than air - green tea cake, red bean (sounds odd but is actually quite lovely!)...most with a nice white cream filling. I sampled quite a few and they were all divine and truly inexpensive. You could take 2-3 to go and have a tea party chez vous for under $6. HIGHLY recommend their green tea roll w. little flecks of red bean as well as the classic white sponge triangles. PERFECTION!
5	This place is amazing for all your asian bakery needs.  My faves are Char Siu Bau (BBQ Pork) and Coconut buns!  Lineups can be long and people are buzzing like bees in here so be patient!  at around $1 a bun it's great value!!!
5	Delicious! As authentic as you can get to a HK pastry place away from HK. Found this place randomly on yelp during my trip with my bf to Montreal. The prices were reasonable and fresh. Their eggtarts were freshly made and I enjoyed their not-so-sugary HK milktea with boba. I bought probably 5-10 different types of pastry, ranging from my favorite hot dog bun to "but jah go - jelly in a cup" to green tea cookies for souvenirs to curry beef buns, all were outstanding. If you wait till 1130, the next door HK cafe is open too and you can grab some real food there. Overall, we were in Montreal for three days and we tried to come back every day! We even snuck a box of eggtarts back to DC to eat and it was well worth it!
5	I love this place! seriously!! The bread desserts are a great treat if you don't want anything too sweet; the hot-dog "pastry" is super tasty believe it or not and their "slushes" are fantastic (and made with real fruit!!).Prices are super worth it ($1 or so per small pastry).. $3 or so for a big slush... I love going to this place!!! if you're in the area, you should definitely go in!
5	My arteries will not thank me for visiting Harmonie countless times over the years. Even now that I do not live permanently in Montreal, this bakery becomes a must-do appointment whenever I am in Chinatown. Harmonie has an outstanding selection of buns to suit every taste. The sweet ones revolve around red bean, taro, coconut and custard. The savoury ones are mostly pork and some beef, though I rarely go that way anyway.Ladies, gentlemen: one word: TONGS. Use them! Unless you are picking up pre-packed items from the center counter or the fridge, do not touch what's about to become my food.My staple diet at Harmonie consists of coconut whipped cream buns, mochis, green tea sponge cake and at least one taro bun. If you are having more than just a dessert on-the-go, it's worth getting some more buns and asking for a box at the cashier. With a smile and the dexterity of a magician, your full tray is boxed and bagged before you can say "yum". Proving the virtuous circle theory, Harmonie has such a high throughput they can afford to charge almost nothing for awesomely-baked goodness, which means they attract more customers, which means they have a high throughput; bake for 30 minutes, taste, repeat.I fed, filling up for good, a 3-person office and a 2-person family for $12.75. It is absurdly cheaper than celery, and certainly more pleasant to eat.The bubble tea selection (enormous with endless customizations) deserves an honourable mention. I always go for the less sweet ones, and could even recommend the just-green-tea version - your blood vessels might thank you in the future. In the meantime, please do check this place out.Oh, yes: CASH  ONLY.
5	We were wondering about Chinatown when I had a craving for a cocktail bun. I saw the great reviews on yelp and made a B-line for this place. The place is PACKED and rightly so. You get to pick a tray and put all the tasty treats you'd like on it and they pack it up and send you on your way for a pretty reasonable price (~$1.00 a bun). They are also busily stocking the shelves as you shop ensuring a great selection and super fresh product. I grabbed a cocktail bun and a hot dog bun as I was in a bit of rush. The cocktail bun was still warm and filled with lots of coconutty goodness. THe Hot dog bun was also warm and satisfying. Can't wait to go back and try a wider selection.
3	This place is always buzzing with customers. Great place for asian pastries. They have a huge variety despite the size of the shop. They even have a taro puff pastry that I cant find in Los angeles. Only complaint, a little on the expensive side. But there is no other store that can compare.
4	Well it is the best Harmonie Bakery I've been to (the others are located at Atwater and Concordia). The buns are not overcooked or burnt like other places, and most of them are just out of the oven in the past few hours.The only downside is that they only accept cash, and the place is really too small to fit so many hungry people looking for baked goods.
5	The pork buns and egg tarts were so good! I brought a box home to RI and my family loved them. So they were still good 6 hours later.
4	I have been to Patisserie Harmonie several times and it is a great place to pick up some dan tat (Chinese egg tarts), buns, or whatever else you may be craving.We went here after lunch to have a bubble tea, which is a first for me here. Don't know why but I've never tried their BBT until now.  I had a plain mango BBT ($4) and my friend had black tea or something along those lines. Anyways, both were good - refreshing, not too sweet and perfect for our post-Kazu walk.They have great pastries so make sure you grab a few for home if your already there.
3	Bakeries are still a relatively rare site in China. In modern China the populace has embraced bread, but on their terms.  Patisserie Harmonie in the heart of Chinatown is evidence to that. The display cases along every wall are filled with assorted baked goods providing ample evidence that you are in a bakery. The fresh baked smell of bread wafting through the air is noticeably absent and a closer look at the items on display appear garners a bit of curiosity, a slight craving, and a bit of nausea.A few gems can be found that are worth trying.  The egg tarts are a classic and if you can get them warm they are worth trying here.  There's a coconut custard filled bun that is also not bad, but it seems they may have discontinued it recently.  I'd steer clear of anything with meat floss or mayonnaise or excessive amounts of sugar cream, but that's just me.  The slightly warm buns filled with assorted meats including but not limited to curry pork and bbq pork are more stomach churning than mouth watering for me so I avoid them like the plague.Aside from that the store is usually quite busy which means food is fresh and lines are long. It's not always the cleanest place, though for Chinatown it's about average. It's certainly a Chinese style bakery, but it's not a terribly great example.  There are a few more Chinese bakeries spread around the city (Guy-Concordia metro and Atwater metro) and I actually prefer them, but when in Chinatown this is the place to get your fix.
4	First things, first...get a tray and a pair of tongs then peruse the shelves for what bread or pastry jumps out to you. Stack 'em as high as your tray can handle and head over to the counter so they can box it up for you nice and good. Make sure you have cash...it's cash only!What did I get? Well, for starters, I went with their PORK FLOSS, then I saw they had a SPICY ONE so I also got that, next was their HOTDOG BREAD, and I thought I already had too much but we saw the EGG TARTS, and finally on our way to the register we came across the CUSTARD FILLED-BREAD. Bottom line, if you love fresh baked buttery pastries, walking in here is like going inside a candy store. Most of the items cost about $1-$2 so don't get carried away. Remember, "a moment on your lips, a lifetime on your hips"! My favorites? Honestly, it's the SPICY PORK FLOSS that really left a mark on my palate. It's shredded dried pork drizzled on a buttery bun. No filling but the topping is more than enough to make this pastry burst with savory flavors. Not to mention, it's pretty filling! The spicy level wasn't as high as I hoped it would be but then again, I like spicy food. For me it's mild so maybe for others it's spicy enough. The PORK FLOSS that's shaped almost like a square is another fave. Not spicy but the pork is drizzled on some mayo on top of the bread. That added fat just sealed the deal for me. I didn't get to try the egg tarts and custard bread since my friend ate them all. I hear they were good! The hotdog bread on the other hand was nothing to write home about.Make sure to come in the morning to get the "freshest" pastries and bread. They also have quite a selection of bubble milk teas that looked really good. Now, I regret not trying any.
2	A lot of people very much enjoy this place, that's evident by the crowds and high ratings.  I am not one of those people.  I might just be a bit too spoiled by the fact I live near the largest Chinatown in the world, outside of China itself.  I am sure their bubble teas are delish but that's not all that difficult to accomplish.  The pastry I purchased was stale and without much custard filling.  Definitely not the best and surprisingly so.  I wouldn't try it again.  Given there aren't that many Asian bakery choices in Montreal, it makes a little sense that this establishment does well. The upside?  It's cheap!
3	Chinese bakery in the middle of Montreal's Chinatown.   Not bad,  but nothing new or exciting in here.   Coming from the GTA,  I guess I have been spoiled with all the good bakeries in the area. Place is small but the smell of fresh baked goods was pretty good.  Couldn't help but to purchase a few little treats and some bubble tea.   Lol
4	We liked the egg custard "dan tart" and the black sesame mochi. We didn't like have taro slushy with boba. Way too sweet. This is our 3rd day in montreal and we have frequented there 3rd times.  I guess their quality and price are in line.
3	i was once a student. well, i'm still one but not the full-time university bachelor student i once was and this place basically saved me from starvation during the hard days!where can you find decent filling food for under $2? i mean, one can get so much of kraft mac n cheese and tomato soup..place used to be smaller. they still offer the same stuff as i remember them from 5-6 years ago. it's not the greatest thing in the world, it's probably not good for your health either but its like crack, its an addiction.bubble teas are not bad but i'm not a fan of powder drinks.when i'm in chinatown, hungry and don't feel like going for a sit down meal, this place is the only place i go to because it's cheap, service is fast and addictive
5	Love this place and every time I got to Chinatown I have to stop there for a few treats and a bubble tea.Everything there is so good and also very cheap. They have sweet and salty pasties and so many different flavors of bubble tea.The line is big at time but it is worth the way and they do take the bank card now...5$ min
4	Came across this place while exploring Chinatown. It was a busy and apparently very popular bakery for the local. Not only it cater the certain clientele in the chinatown area, there were a lot of non-asian clientele that frequent the bakery.It's affordable and from what it seems like a pretty decent quality. Baked goods tasted pretty good.
