5	Loved the texture of the spanakopita (somebody in the kitchen must have a healthy appreciation for butter) and the incredibly fresh warm pita. The staff is attentive and good-humored, and you definitely feel like you're in a cozy local restaurant. The Greek iced tea was also perfectly spiced and delicious - inspiration to experiment with cinnamon and cloves at home!The hours seem to be somewhat erratic, so just call beforehand to make sure they're open. My boyfriend and I tried coming once around 8:45pm on a Thursday but they were closed.
5	so i'm greek and every time i go here, i get yelled at for not coming in all the time.  honestly, when i want greek food, either i make it myself or i go to mom's house and just have to say, "ma, i'm hungry." and boom, there's a plate in front of me.that aside, this place is about as family style greek cooking as it gets.  it does taste like what i grew up eating.  the spanakopita is flaky, buttery and moist as it should be.  melts in your mouth.  the dolmathes are very rich and with a good splash of lemon juice taste great.  i havent been there in some time so i'm not sure if he's still serving falafel but when he did, damn it was good.  some of the best i've had, period.  but the gyros are where it's at.  i can only have one of these every so often or i think my heart may come to an arresting halt.  there's just a ton of lamb falling out of the pita and there is no sexy way to eat it so you end up looking like a bulldog eating a jar of mayonnaise.hit this place if your an ethnic foodie.  you wont be disappointed.  even when the owner yells at you for not coming in all the time.
5	Mike, the owner/cook, is awesome and the food was delicious.
5	Best Greek food I've ever had--and no wonder, as the husband/owner/cook is from Cyprus. This is family-owned and operated, and in the winter when the husband heads to Cyprus, his wife and daughter hold things down.Best gyro I've ever had--massive in size, especially considering what you pay for it--and the spices in it are much better than your typical Americanized gyro.The fries are from fresh-cut potatoes, and you can definitely tell. My stomach felt close to bursting when we left, but I still had to grab a few more fries on my way out.The group of us--there were 6--ate for probably ~$30-$40.We chatted for a while with the daughter, and then for a while more with the wife, so overall it was a great evening with great food, and meeting new people.And they do takeout ;)
5	Not to sound like a broken record, but I am yet another reviewer who has to give this place the coveted 5-star rating. I returned to this place for the first time in many, many years (I used to have violin lessons near this shop and ate here often), and boy am I glad I did. I got a gyro to-go and have to say, wow. Firstly, it's a well-proportioned gyro - not small but not gigantic in size, either. Yes, this is a big deal to me; I like a gyro that I can eat in one sitting since gyros are so messy that the leftovers don't do well during a trip home. Secondly, it's an affordable gyro; it cost me all of $5. Thirdly, as others have mentioned, the seasoning used here is perfect and different, probably because the owner really is from Cyprus and knows how to make authentic Greek food.Yep, that's a lot to be wowed about. The whole thing is so awesome that I wish I had a better vocabulary to describe it, and I'm too satisfied after my meal to get a thesaurus to try to come up with anything.I didn't get any sides and whatnot this time around, but I'll be back - hopefully for a sit-down meal so I can explore the rest of the menu. Gyros are good and all, especially ones that obviously haven't fallen prey to American cooking styles (i.e. size, oils and seasonings or lack thereof used, ect.), but I really want to see what else the owner can do!
4	I am a big fan of It's Greek to Me in Brookline.  This tiny little place at the edge of Brookline doesn't look like much, but it has a real family character, cheap eats and tasty food.I have dined in twice and got carry out twice as well.  The first time I got a platter/dinner, but I found the deal is really to be had with the gyros.  Getting two gyros and a huge amount of fries for only $10 is a steal.  The gyro bread is toasted, but still soft and it is loaded with meat like your grandma would try to feed you.  The veggies have always tasted fresh and it is served hot.  If I could change on thing, I would prefer fresh herbs on the gyro instead of dried.  This gyro is definitely more spiced up than your chain restaurant gyro.  The fries are fresh cut and nothing is cooked until you order it.If you choose to dine in, you will be greeted by the proprietor and casually asked to take a seat any where you like.  This isn't the type of place for formalities.  She will offer you some delicious Greek Tea (you have to try it) and take your order, cook it and then serve it to you.  Sometimes you can hear bickering in the kitchen between her and her old man- but that only adds to the family atmosphere.  The store does take credit card, so that's a great modern convenience.  At the end of the meal, we've always gotten a stick of gum :)If you choose to carry out, it's a simple call and your food is ready by the time you drive down there.  There is usually a place to park near by and you can be on your way quickly.
5	It's not Greek to me, because this place makes perfect sense!The people that own it are so sweet and make the best food.Every time I go there, I stuff myself until I want to die. And then I spend several sleepless nights sweaty and anxious until I can eat their food again. I went from not liking humus to a humus-based diet after eating here. But do not ask for their recipes! Trust me, they know their food is made with magic and they are not sharing -- a bottle of wine and I tried to get it out of them once unsuccessfully.
4	Hmm! Hmm! Well, I do agree this place is nice. I think 5 stars is a bit over the top.That being said, the staff (the woman who owns it..) is extremely extremely nice. The prices are fair. The food was good.I don't generally eat meat often, but the falafel here was quite excellent. Some of the other reviews claim meat, so I can't chime in there.Try the tea!
3	I wanted to explore Brookline and decided to stop here based on the reviews.I have to admit that I was expecting a lot more. But sometimes they say, "less is more," right? The place is definitely really old school and fairly run down, a grease pit. The menu that I was ordering from confused me a bit because I was wondering, where were all the Greek items such as pastitsio, moussaka, saganaki, bakalava, and spanakopita?!?!? People have said that the menu was downsized but the only thing I could find that was greek was Gyros, Falafel and dolmades and souvlaki and I went with the Gyro. The Gyro was indeed huge and the meat was flavorful but the veggies were close to the end of their shelf life. The fries that came with the meal were crap actually, I know that they are fresh cuts fries so lets make sure that they are cooked all the way through and have some sort of uniformity in size and the oil that they were fried in was obviously fairly old. The fries were on a greasiness level of their own. I have never had such soggy fries. The service was certainly some of the most friendly I have had in sometime and the proce for the Gyro combo really is hard to beat it came in right around $6. So if anyone can tell me what I'm missing since this place is such a renowned Brookline establishment please do so.
5	The food here is so good that I was ready to give It's Greek to Me a four-star review after eating takeout that had ridden halfway across Pittsburgh to meet up with me. It's a cliche to say dishes have layers of flavor, but there's no more accurate way to describe this thoughtful, absolutely delicious cooking.The restaurant isn't fancy, but it's like eating in someone's living room, and those are some of the best restaurant meals I've had. The takeout gyro was great, with buttery pita and a potato-garlic spread that goes with frankly everything. But the souvlaki eaten in, while considering the scrapbook-worthy collection of paintings and memorabilia on the dining room walls, was sublime - a little char and a lot of flavor in every bite.  I have eaten a lot of Greek food cooked by a lot of Greek people who are very good cooks, and this stands up to any of it. Save room for the baklava, and don't share - you'll want your own piece.
4	So happy we found this little gem! My friends and I had delicious food and great service. When we arrived, they had the lights in the dining room turned off but were more than happy to accommodate us to eat-in. The best part of our experience was the service. Our server was the owner, who told us she runs it with her husband, who is Greek. She was wonderful and took the time to chat with us and explain any questions we had about the menu. We started with hummus, grape leaves and spanakopita to start. A few of us tried the Greek iced tea which is sweetened with cloves and cinnamon. It was VERY strong and I enjoyed it much more when I watered it down a bit. A very unique flavor and I would definitely give it a try if you are a tea drinker. We decided to split 2 dinners between the 4 of us and after the appetizers, it was more than enough food. The falafel platter with fries was ok, but the souvlaki plate with rice was definitely my favorite! We finished the evening with tiramisu and baklava, both were delicious. I was so full after our entrees, but seriously could have devoured 5 plates of that baklava. We had a large, great dinner for 4 which only cost around $60. If you like Greek food, give this place a try!
5	The food is amazing. Fresh, made to order and yummy. It's a family place with seating for 20 or so and they do take out.  The gyros and souvlaki were very authentic.  Loved it
4	I ran in here with a few friends for lunch.  I got the gyro lunch special.  The food was made to order, fresh, hot, and the portions are great.  They have hand cut fries and the sauce was awesome on the gyro.  Add to the fact the prices are very reasonable.
3	A revisit for dinner, and three of the four of us ordered meals with salad and rice rather than sandwiches. The salads were really good, with chunks of feta and interesting spices - but the plates just reminded me that the sandwiches, with all of the ingredients married together in saucy, pita-wrapped  goodness is where It's Greek to Me really shines. The sandwiches?  Five stars, no question. Play to the strengths of their menu, and you'll leave happy.
