4	I came into the store with something specific in mind - a pair of Champagne flutes for my friend's wedding. Unfortunately the store did not have it, nor did the one in the Bellagio. The sales lady was kind to offer me ordering there, but have them shipped to my home. I took the offer as there was little space left in my luggage anyway. I was surprised by how dead the store was compared to my previous trips. I guess the economy is hitting the blue box too.
4	And so it starts. My husband purchased a simple charm bracelet for me here. The quality was better than the cheapo places I came across. He could have bought it in Chicago or Oak Brook, but my husband had money and I think the sales tax is actually cheaper. Win-win. The sales associate was so freindly...not in that "I need your sale, any sale!!" way. So as our travels will take us, I will get a charm for every place. Nice job.FYI: They sell silver charm clasps (for my World of Charms piece) to attach non-T&Co. charms at $15 a piece.
5	What girl doesn't love her some Tiffany's? My wonderful boyfriend surprised me with a set of earrings. As gorgeous as they were, unfortunately, they didn't fit quite right. We went back to the store together and Meghan, one of the sales associates, was very patient and helpful. The exchange process was painless (well except for the extra $$$ I spent) and quick. The jewelry itself is very durable, good quality, and of course: very beautiful.
5	I came to Vegas to walk the 1/2 marathon.  It was hard; I almost quit a few times; but I did it.  The Bud met me at the finish line to personally hand me my finisher's metal.  It was a sweet, lovely "I'm-so-proud-of-you" moment.I love my medal.  I cherish it.  I wore it after the marathon and even napped in it for HOURS after the walk.  But let's face it, I'm not going to be wearing it around (much) in my every day life.I needed something to commemorate my finishing the 1/2 marathon that I could wear daily.  I had been eying the Tiffany key charms during much of our Vegas trip, so The Bud and I wandered in to the Tiffany & Co in the Bellagio the other morning to find something less awkward than a medal.  Turns out they had a few things that would work just fine.We had wonderfully personalized customer service from Josh.  He helped me try on lots of different key charms until I found just the one I wanted.  I would have happily worn it out of the store, but Josh packaged it up all adorable and Tiffany-like, complete with happy red ribbon around the box.  He chatted with us for a long while as I changed my mind 8 or 10 times about exactly which key charm I wanted.  It was a top-notch shopping experience even though I wasn't shopping in the high-end cases.  Maybe someday...
4	Not as pricey as you would think. I got my wife a Tiffanys Key made of silver for just over $200 The nice part about it is we walked in dressed like we could not afford to shop in a place like this.... I just got off of work but we was treated with respect and the staff was great
4	The reason why I'm giving them 4 stars is because of one employee who works there saw me as I was approaching the counter, he just looked at me then looked back down at the computer. As I stood there looking at their jewelry pieces, a very nice female employee approached me asking if I needed help. I went into to exchange two rings my husband got me but were a bit too big. She was very nice about me trying other sizes for the right fit and exchanged them with no problem. Also, the man who stands by the door is very polite..he greeted me coming in and leaving the store. Also, what's great about them is they have jewelry for under $200 and that's reasonable for well known company and quality they give you.
4	I am really happy with the purchase I made here ( a silver 'Return to Tiffany's' large heart tag key pendant) that yes, I had engraved with my dog's name to use as his name tag (I AM A YOUNG-not old yet- DOG LADY, I know this!). The staff was marvelous and attentive - just how I'd want people assisting me to be and they were so friendly I wanted to shop some more (THAT would have been a mistake). But I would definitely drop in here again.
4	I just came in here to browse while I was passing the time. The door men and the employees greeted my warmly and I was never made to feel like I shouldn't be there which was nice. I was left to browse at my leisure but an employee was easy to find if I had a question and was happy to help me. Who knows, I may be back here in the future to pick up a few things!
2	I love Tiffany's bc their silver is a great everyday wear. I came in here this weekend ready to spend some major money with my girls and was really disappointed with the customer service. The women that were working approached the older women customers and didn't seem to pay attention to me and my friends. We were dressed in shorts and tanks, not sure if that or our age contributed to it, but I definitely felt like they didn't think we had money. My friend had to wait a while for someone to take out a piece for her. Just when I thought I was going to be approached after standing at a glass for around 5 minutes the woman motioned that she was actually speaking to the woman that was next to me, not me... even though i was there at the glass longer. WHATEVER. we went to gucci and fendi next door and blew our money there. watch out young girls... this place just hunts cougars lol.
5	It's Tiffany's.  enough said
1	I walked into Tiffany's with my husband who was ready to buy me a pair of earrings for our 1 year wedding anniversary but the sales lady was so snotty and rude, I walked out of the store with nothing.  We have been going to Tiffany's for years in different states and different cities, but the sales associate at this store was by far the rudest I have ever encountered at any Tiffany's store.  Actually, at every other store I've gone to so far, the sales associates have always been friendly and helpful.  But this lady didn't even break a smile.  They obviously didn't need the business, although nobody else was in the store.  I hope to never have to experience that again, especially with a store that I love!
5	Friendly salespeople and lovely selection.They happily cleaned my diamond key and were willing to also clean my engagement ring that isn't from Tiffany.  That's customer service!With several Tiffany locations in the area, I would highly recommend the one in the Bellagio.
4	Went the other day for Valentine's... was gifted the large Open Heart on a black cord.... love it!Also, Ami was very helpful and sweet... she spent quality time w us and made the experience enjoyable... we were looking at a mid size Open Heart & she found one larger that kept us in the same price range... we left very happy!your constant companion,~deirdra
3	Good selection.  Really surprised at the cost of the Las Vegas charm ($175!) compared to the usual $40-$80.  Their credit card machine wouldn't accept our out-of-state debit card.  Had to go to the ATM to pull out cash.
5	The staff at Tiffany & Co. are always very welcoming. They really are dedicated to helping you find that perfect piece of jewelry for you. I would always come into this Tiffany & Co. and look at a necklace that I fell in love with when I first saw it online. The staff was very understanding (since I'm a broke college student) and would always let me look at it and even told me to try it on a couple of times.Yesterday was finally my lucky day and my boyfriend decided to buy it for me. When we decided to buy the necklace, the salesperson was very friendly and wrapped it up nicely for me. I would definitely recommend this store to anyone who is planning on making a new jewelry purchase!
3	Friendly & Professional sales associates...........This being Vegas I expect them to have a lot of inventory..but they didn't have the Necklace OR the bracelet I wanted in Stock :(.....had to order it and it'll meet me back in Chicago ;/... Nice People though?....;/
2	While wasting some time waiting for family to finish up I wandered into the store...It is all sparkly and pretty but I must admit...Nothing looks original. It all looks like something anyone would be wearing.
5	It's a toss up between this location and Rodeo.  They both offer great customer service and the selection is large.  I haven't been to the other Tiffany's on the strip, but will be sure to visit them next time.  I've been to this location twice: once to get my e-ring cleaned (and they were quick!) and another time scouting out wedding bands.  The gentleman was very helpful and friendly in helping me decide which wedding band would go best with my e-ring.  Would definitely give them my business.
5	A SILVER SPOON with a TWISTTiffany & Co. is one of those self indulgent pleasures that I don't mind sharing , albeit with a close circle of family and friends.  My most recent trip to  T & Co ,  Crystals at City Center , was for a sterling silver babies rattle, for the birth of my first nephew. I decided on the Crescent Moon design and await his arrival to have his initials engraved on his first  treasure from Tiffany's. I'm not sure if he will being getting the little blue box however. :). Every time I have had the pleasure of shopping at Tiffany's ,it has been a pleasant experience. The staff are very accommodating and will help toy find just what you w ere looking for. They  take the time to ask you about your selection and the receiver to find the best fit.  It makes for a personal experience, like your a guest rather than  customer.  This is the quality of service that will guarantee many return visits s from me. Still have to purchase a charm for my sister's charm bracelet. I could have sworn I saw Holly Go Lightly, as she breezed into the store.
1	Horrible customer service! Went in to get a charm for my Tiffany bracelet and they didn't have it in stock. Annie refused to look to see if other stores on the strip had it, refused to see when they would get it in and refused to let me order/pay for it as well. She proclaimed that they were not allowed to do ordering and they would not deliver it to my house. However another store down the way could do all that and give me a time frame! Worst part, she was training someone! Scary. I wouldn't recommend.
5	I've been here a couple times now and I can honestly say the service has always been nothing short of excellent :]]] Whether it was getting my mom a birthday present, to picking out a present for myself or just eye-shopping, I've always left feeling very happy. How can you not be happy when leaving with a little shopping bag in the most recognizable shade of blue? haha  My boyfriend recently bought me a ring here for my birthday and I didn't realize until I got home that it was a bit loose for my taste.. So I called the store and a nice lady, Mika, took down my information and offered to hold the correct size for me until I had a chance to pick it up~ Well, a week later we finally went back and a VERY friendly sales associate, Sarah, helped us and made the exchange a breeze! FYI if you live in Vegas the heat makes your fingers swell up a little bit so it's a good to get a ring that is pretty snug on your finger :) HOT TIP: If you're in a hurry, valet to the side of Bellagio that is on Flamingo & Via Del Nord... Tiffany & Co is RIGHT there when you walk in~
5	We got excellent customer service from a very nice lady,Mika.  She not only cleaned my engagement &wedding rings, she also offered to clean my husband's ring even we did not buy his from Tiffany.
1	Took 15 mins just for my existence to be acknowledged.  Just waited and waited.  Not one person asked if I needed help, or told me that they'd get right with me.  Keep up the crap job, ladies.
5	I had a great time in Tiffany's! The lady that served me was so lovely and gave me plenty of choices of necklaces! Thanks :)
5	Out of all the Tiffany's on the strip this place by far has the best customer service! I was so excited to add another charm to my bracelet and they had lots to choose from! The store looks smaller then what it is once you walk completely inside.  There were plenty people there to greet you and assist! Remember Diamonds are a girls best friend and there are tons of them in this store to choose from!
5	CHRISTMAS REVIEW!!I came to Tiffanys to buy a Christmas gift for my Mom, and a little something for myself! ;)When the boyfriend and I walked in, we were greeted right away and asked what we were looking for. They directed us to the pendants, and a nice gentleman was standing behind the counter waiting to help us. I showed him pictures of the different pendants I was interested in, so that I could see them in person and base my decision off of that. He ran back and forth a couple times, to grab and show me the various pendants I was interested in. Sorry!! ALL ABOUT THE TIFFANY BLUEI narrowed it down, and found the perfect one for myself and the perfect one for my Mom. Or so I hope! The gentleman took out brand new pendants, asked me what chain length I wanted for each necklace and then packed them in a cute Tiffany Blue drawstring bag. Then tucked that into that beautiful Tiffany Blue box, that everyone loves to see! Since it's the holidays, I had a choice of getting a traditional white ribbon or a holiday red ribbon. The red ribbon and the Tiffany Blue box went so well together! After he finished tying the ribbon into a beautiful bow (which I could have never tied myself), he placed it into two cute little Tiffany bags. One for me and one for my Mom, yay!! A huge thank you, for the best boyfriend in the world! :)CONCLUSIONThe store was decently sized and is located in the Bellagio Hotel & Casino. The gentleman who assisted us was very friendly and helpful. At one point I couldn't make a decision as to which pendant to go with, so I started to ask him for his opinion! Haha. I would definitely recommend making your visit to the Tiffany & Co. store located in the Bellagio. I've been to the one located inside Caesars Palace, and the service wasn't as great.
4	I shopped here for the first time to buy myself and my daughter some matching jewelry and this gentlemen , I wish I knew his name. He was so helpful and sweet, I was in the gold and silver section of the store. !
1	I purchased a sterling silver beaded bracelet for my daughter on Christmas Eve $150Four months later the lobster claw failed and it is supposed to have a year warranty.  They said it failed because of wear and tear.   My daughter only wore it only on special occasions.  They wanted $86 to repair it which is over half what I  paid for the whole bracelet. I am very disappointed because of the prestige this brand is supposed to impart.  Now I feel it is just overpriced garbage.
