5	Market Bistro is a great place for lunch.  The have a "create your own" salad that is like a salad bar except with really fresh and  unique ingredients.  You choose up to 7 and they tooss it for you. Try the house Balsamic... is os fantastic.   You can top you salad with pesto chicken, marinated tri-tip etc.   If salad is not you thing they make excellent sandwiches and pizzas to order.  You can sit inside or outside.The only downside is that it can get busy at lunch time but just get there a little early!
4	Ok, I give up... how are pizza and salad like Boston Market?  I guess they both have food.  I can't see ANYTHING similar other than that.This is a little bistro that sells salads made to your specs, sandwiches the way you choose, and another version of not real pizza (but it tastes good) also served the way you want it. They have a wide variety of beverages ranging from sodas, teas and coffees to beer and wine.  The view on the patio isn't bad for being on a main street, and the owner treats the young counter help (when the place opened they were all friends of the family) like family.... so they treat the clientelle like family as well. Good formula for neighborhood success.If you want roast turkey with a side of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes, don't come here.  Go to Boston Market.
4	Market Bistro is a nice place to grab lunch. I tried the Arizona Salad, as my friend spoke about it as though it was the holy grail and she was one of the Knights Templar. It was pretty good. Next time, I would probably ask they didn't add a full cup of hot peppers to the salad, but otherwise outstanding. I'm always excited when someone adds salt to my salad, especially when using tongs (fancy move!) as I'm a salt-o-holic. It's set up similar to Paradise Bakery, in that you can have pretty much anything added to your salad or sandwich that you want. Fresh pizzas to order, as well. They also have yummy baked goods and delicious iced tea.
4	This is a great place when you are just looking for a good salad.  They make it right in front of you, and they have every ingredient you could imagine.  What they have off the grill is delicious too.  I really enjoy the AZ Tri-Tip Sandwich. Yum!
4	Great place for salads and sandwiches and the generally "healthy" feel.  I've had all the salads and a couple of the sandwiches... the only complaint I had was there were WAY too many chipotles in the Arizona Salad and it way overdid the taste of the salad (which was very good, btw)... but other than that, the place is an excellent "green" place.
4	This is where you go to get a very good salad.  I don't think there pizza or sandwiches are as good.  But the create your own salad is wonderful.  It takes a few times, but when you get the right combo of ingredients it is really good.  Try the whipped balsamic dressing, candied walnuts, and parmesan crisps.  Side note-the lemon cookie is so good, don't try it unless you want to crave it.
3	Ok I am having a hard time with this one... I would give the salad bar 5 BIG stars but the pizza is not so good (2 stars) and the sandwiches are so  so (3 stars).  As funny as it sounds, they do have fabulous mac n cheese (4.5 stars).  Also a thumbs up to the soups (4 stars).  That is about  a 75% rating, I wish I could give 3.5 stars.  I really do love the salad bar and I stop by when I am in the area for this alone.  The salads are not small and if you add meat it is definitely more than enough to make a meal.
4	Alexander is right . This is a great place to control your choices. I love that you can  make your own salad up with lots of  fresh , healthy ingredients like dried tomatoes, cucumbers, olives etc.  Market Bistro gives you the feeling of bringing healthy , fresh food to your family. That doesn't mean it actually is but it sure puts up a great face. for my friends the design your own salad is the hot attraction. But for other patrons I noticed the pizza seemed to be very popular. My daughter loves the cheese pizza as well. My Papa loves the tenderloin dinner and will almost always order that. The set up of the restaurant makes eating with family  or little ones pretty easy. You  order at the counter and bring your own food to the table. they also offer homemade looking cookies that I  have heard are good. Great place to grab a quick  bite  or take food to go.
4	I make a mean salad. Really. That's what I love about Market Bistro the most. For the same price as ice berg lettuce and carrot sticks at Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes (less, actually), I can direct someone to build  me a beautiful bounty of romaine, caramelized walnuts, red onion, fennel, parmesan crisps, strawberries, apples, blue cheese and top it with tri-tip and balsamic! Or, like I had today: parmesan crisps, tomatoes, fennel, mushrooms, blue cheese, red onion and pesto chicken.  All of the ingredients are very fresh and you get to pick any seven. I suggest the half salad ($5.29 + $2.29 for meat), because it's enough to satisfy. Especially, if you want to skip the meat and pair it with a slice of pizza (their pesto is frickin' awesome!!) or a half sandwich (I'm partial to the Cuban, myself). I love, love, love the poblano corn chowder.The whole experience feels so healthy, it's my favorite place to go after a hike up North mountain or a nighttime yoga class (they're open until 9 p.m.!)... and, don't have to feel as guilty when I add a glass of wine or a beer.Minus one star for the following:* The line gets LONG at lunch time (like to the door - and, while you can "cut" to the grill counter and order if you just want a sandwich, most of us are there for our own awesome salad experiments.)* It's loud and difficult to have a conversation (or a lunch meeting)* Depending on what you order, you may need eight arms or four trips to carry it all to the table* I wish a piece of bread came with the salads (only comes with the soup, right now).But none of these are reason enough to keep me from coming back... In fact, I feel potatoes, black beans and rice as mix-ins in my future...
2	For lunch, split a Cobb Salad and Turkey BLT. The sandwich was good. The salad was aiiiiiiiiight.You know what really bugged me? Five kids standing around behind the counter and nine (count 'em, nine) uncleared tables. I wasn't there long (20-30 minutes), but nobody thought to clean up a little. Super messy and gross.A shame, because the more I think about the sandwich, the more I think I liked it.
3	One Liner: Great lunch placeFood: (scale of 0-4) 2.8I did not expect to have pizza this good in Arizona. The salad bar was very nice as well. You stick to the right side, you eat healthy with the create-your-salad. You stick to the left side, you can get a sinful pizza. (even the veggie pizza is full of grease) The middle is a typical hot plate grill. Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.5Service 0.1: Decor 0.1: Speed 0.1: Dessert 0.1: Prices 0.1: My score for this experience is 3.3 stars.
4	Food here is legit and wholesome.Corn chowder soup is really good and there are some decent vegetarian options.Quick service, food made on the spot.I really favor the restaurant but no waiter type place because the service is faster and you don't have to tip anyone. Also, you're getting high quality food vs fast food joints where I refuse to eat ever again.
4	A great place to bring friends and family for hearty sandwiches, fresh designer salads (with you as the designer), and delectable pizzas. I love the clean, bright interior and the overall casual atmosphere. And for the quality of the food you get, the prices are very reasonable.
4	The AZ tri-tip sandwich is awesome.  Full of flavor.  Meat is usually pretty tender but every now-and-then can be a little tough.  I have not had any of the salads or pizzas but hear they are good as well.I would recommend pre-ordering via phone or internet with about a 30 min lead time.  If you are short on time and just walk in to order prepare to be late to wherever it is you are going.  Wait time is not terrible but I just hate sitting around waiting...especially when I am hungry.  :)11-8-09 Update:Now I can Attest that the Chicken Pesto and Cuban Pork sandwiches are also amazing.  All three are entirely different in terms of flavor/texture complexities.  Also the last couple of times I have been there the wait times were significantly less.
3	This is a great spot for lunch if you find yourself in the area. I love that the salads and sandwiches are made to order, enabling you to control every aspect of your meal. I had the special when I went, a chipotle chicken sandwich. It had green chilies, corn, black beans and a chipotle dressing. It was delicious. They also had great music playing, nice down tempo (obscure to most people) at an acceptable volume.  2 drawbacksThe place was not busy, yet every table was dirty and when I asked to have a table bussed I got the "can't you see I'm lazy" look.No soap in the restroom. Yuck.
4	Have to agree with the other yelpers here...food is fresh; bread is amazing. I'm a fan of the Turkey BLT especially [sourdough bread, grilled carved turkey, applewood smoked bacon, romaine, roasted tomato and paprika mayo!]   The pesto pizza is also very fine. I didn't love the Caesar salad I've had but that was mostly because I found the dressing had too much garlic. Its all made to order and they do a fine job when I call ahead for a take out order; its ready when I get there or very shortly thereafter. The surroundings are nice and its especially nice to be able to sit outside on the nicer evenings. But here too, will share in the 'how about a clean table' complaint. I mean, I'm payin' 7 and a half bucks for a sandwich. A clean table should come with. All in all though still a reco for a really good lunch or dinner.
4	Great place to grab a tasty sandwich and enjoy a modern looking bistro.  Located near 7th St and Thunderbird it's a perfect location to enjoy a bite before or after hiking up the nearby mountains(North Mtn, Shaw Butte, Lookout Mtn).  I'd say if you're in the area it's worth checking out.Not the biggest sandwiches, but the bread is as fresh as you will get.  The price is a little on the high side, only wish a side came with it as well.  Overall I think the abundant flavors that you get to enjoy puts this place above any of the sandwich chain restaurants.The decor is comprised of stainless steel and wood.  Very nice and cool looking with soothing music playing in the background.  Unlike some of the other reviews, it was busy with all of the empty tables clean and ready to be sat at.  So hopefully this has been an issue that has been resolved.I'll be back, but not on a daily or weekly basis.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing food. One of the Valley's best kept secrets. Seriously - I dine at the "top" places and the food here beats the heck out of fancy lunch anywhere. I suggest the custom salad - really fresh ingredients, and the California Turkey. The pizza is pretty darn good too!
5	Market Bistro is one of my favorite places! Not just in Phoenix, but anywhere. I had to move to CA but whenever I come back to Phoenix I make a point to come to Market Bistro (usually it's the first thing I do!). Their turkey BLT is my favorite thing on the menu, it is absolutely delicious. The paprika mayonnaise is what does it for me! The restaurant itself is nice, good atmosphere and the service has always been good.I love this place for the turkey BLT alone and I miss it a lot!
5	Yum Yum & YUM!!!  I can't believe how much we loved this bistro.  While vacationing in the area, we ended up eating here three times in 4 days and wishing they were open earlier so we could grab a last bite before jumping on the plane.  It was THAT good!I had their Turkey BLT, and my hubby had a tri tip sandwich with extra meat.  YUM!!!They had a decent outdoor dining area, and always lots of smiles and helpful pleasant attitudes.Oh, and to top it off, aside from the tasty beers, the even had fresh cooked chocolate butterscotch rice krispy treats behind the counter.  DOES IT GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS???The only sad part is I don't live close enough to go there every day :(  It seems odd to me to put a 5 star on a bistro, but it just floats my boat, and I will be back some day :)
2	I don't usually give out 2 stars. I mean, I love food and I like to think of myself as an amateur "foodie", but in the 3 times that I have been here I love the food, but am not diggin on the atmosphere and dirty and cramped tables. Plus, it was hot in there. I enjoyed my summer salad and slice of margarita pizza, but thought to myself as I left, "I really wish that I liked this place more, I mean, I live close and drive by almost everyday"....Can anyone who owns this good food/poor atmosphere place get a consultant in there to take this place to the next level? Just a thought...
5	I saw Jim's lunch (grilled sourdough with pesto, mozzarella, basil and tomatoes drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil) (see picture  I posted) and my mouth was watering. I wanted to try that baby so I called to see if I could talk him into making me one! I must have caught him in a good mood because he made me one. I am telling you it was absolutely awesome! Took it home with the rest of my order...My car now smells like pesto- (Hmmm- new air freshener idea). Everyone is mad because I would not share it! The best part was using the bread to sop up the oil and vinegar at the end. YUM! Jim thank you so much for allowing me to try it- please put it on the menu!My husband had the smoked chicken pizza and my son had the turkey BLT. They both loved it. I also got a carrot cake cookie and giant peanut butter cookie and they loved them too. If you have not tried this place- go give them a try. They will mix and mingle their ingredients to make you happy.. ALL fresh ALL the time!
4	Good lunch place.  The food is great, but the atmosphere is very casual and a little awkward.  The actual process of ordering is not very intuitive, and a bit haphazard.  While most of the staff appear to be high school and college students, everyone has always been helpful and friendly.  I have no problem recommending this place to my friends for lunch.  And, I am pretty sure this is a locally owned restaurant.
5	I am not one to try new things, but a co worker of mine said that I had to try this place. I am very much in love with the Caesar salad!! I just wish that there was one down in Chandler so I could go more often and share it with family and friends. I work in Phoenix but live in Chandler.
4	So, when I heard that this place had it's own Pandora radio station, I just had to check them both out.  The station is alright, eclectic and I'll add it to my light rotation.  It was a good thing I checked it out online, since when we got to the restaurant, I couldn't actually hear it...Nice, open atmosphere, bright and clean, and good breads upon which to load good stuff!  AZ Tri-Tip was good, nicely seasoned and tender, and the better half had the Market Tri-Tip and the rosemary came through nicely.  Some friends had raved about the cookies - and they -were- good, but I'm not sure deserving of the rabid nature of the recommendation.  The lemon with lemon icing was by far the better option - very lemony and my tongue danced with the brightness of it all.  And while I love me my carrot cake and tend to find the best in any attempt, I was less than enamored with the carrot cake cookie.  It tasted fine, but fell apart while eating, was a little too raisiny - so if you like messy, go for it.We'll be back, and hopefully the music will be playing!
5	This is an amazing place!!!!  As far as bistro's go this place tops any one that I have been to in Phoenix.  Everything they serve is absolutely amazing.  The cuban pork is my favorite, you can add it to a salad which I think is best, get it by itself or even get it in a sandwich!!  The salad bar has like 40 different things to choose from in your salad which is always a big plus to have.  I would reccomend this place to just about anyone, as long as you are in the mood for a delicious sandwich, pizza or an awesome salad!
5	Went here this weekend with the girlfriend.  Best choice on eats I've made in awhile!First off, the location itself.  There is a patio facing east.  If you get there at the right time, you can enjoy a beautiful evening with your awesome food.  The inside is very cozy with a great, open floor plan.  You can see all of the friendly staff preparing your meal behind glass near the front.  I wasn't sure what to order so the manager, Ben, gave me a few of his recommendations.  After an awesome conversation, I decided on the Turkey BLT (Grilled carved turkey, smoked paprika mayo, applewood bacon, oven roasted tomatoes with romaine on sourdough) with a Citrus Basil Salad (Spring mix, citrus wedges, cucumber, fennel, caramelized walnuts with citrus basi vinaigrette).I watched them preparing a salad while I placed my order.  The girl behind the counter had just finished grilling a delicious piece of tri-tip steak.  She chopped it up and paced atop the salad.  I know what I'll be getting with my meal next time I'm here.  Looked delicious!The food came and the line began to grow.  I arrived at the perfect time to beat the lunch rush.  My stomach was growling and it was on!  The sandwich looked like something out of a photo shoot.  Everything about it looked perfect.  The right portions of grilled turkey breast, crisp, green romaine that hung perfectly out the edges of the bread.  Speaking of the bread, it was incredibly fresh and flavorful.  One bite and I knew I was in love.  The girlfriend and I were blown away by the quality of the turkey breast.  It was grilled perfectly and had the perfect consistency.  The greens gave a great, refreshing taste to accent the turkey.  The smoked paprika mayo danced on my tongue and was the perfect amount.  The bacon was crisp and neither too thick nor too thin.  It added the perfect amount of smokiness to chase the flavor of the sandwich.My girlfriend loved the salad.  I had several bites and will agree with many before me that have said Market Bistro has the freshest most flavorful greens around.  I felt exponentially healthier just looking at the beauty of it.  The caramelized walnuts added the perfect counter sweetness to the citrus of the dressing and fruits.Do I recommend Market Bistro?  Absolutely!  If you enjoy Paradise Bakery you will fall in love with Market Bistro.  It's the equivalent of Paradise perfected.  Kudo's to my new favorite salad and sandwich place.  Also worth mentioning is their awesome selection of music (they have their own station on Pandora!).  You'll feel like kicking your feet up on the couch near the front and relaxing after your stomach is full!
5	The salads and pizza at Market Bistro are maybe some of the best I've ever had in Phoenix. Four years of coming here and I still have yet to run across something that's disappointed me. Anytime the temperature dips below 70 I start craving some vegetarian corn chowder.Off the topic of food, but still worth noting is how cool the bathroom mirror is. If you stand just right you can get a perfect white ring just around your pupils.My only complaint is that the lunch rush can get crowded and loud. There is usually always seating available at the bar or on the patio, though. And the staff (at both locations) has always been accommodating and friendly.
4	This place is totally amazing!Came for lunch with some coworkers for my first time and was blown away. The moment I walked in I was overwhelmed with the most delish smells that filled the restaurant. I was also pretty happy because even thought it was the lunch hour, the place wasn't packed or too busy. Loved the different choices available: pizza, salads, sandwhiches, or soups. After quite some time staring at my options, I decided on half pesto chicken sandwhich and the tortilla soup and an iced tea. I was surprised at how fast the food came out, yet how fresh and fabulous it was! The sandwhich was great, grilled pesto chicken on fresh ficotta bread. The soup was a tiny bit spicy and filled with pieces of chicken and veggies. I was blown away by the face that their iced tea is brewed from loose leaf teas...I am a little bit of a tea snob so this was a very nice surprise!!My coworkers got salads which I was tempted by and a little bummed I didn't get one after I saw theirs. You have a choice of one of their salad concoctions or mixing up your own. The choices of salad mixings is awesome to say the least! Next time I will try one of those for sure!I am very happy this place is close to work and will be coming back for sure!
4	Went for dinner last Sunday night.  Not too busy. My daughter is vegan and enjoyed potebello mushroom sandwich.  My wife and I shared a margarita pizza. It was very good. However back east this type of pizza has no red sauce so we were a little confused.  Nice place.
5	This pizza and sandwich shop is uberdelicious!  I don't get in often as it's not in my neighborhood, but everything I've ever tried here is fantastic.  If they had one in my neighborhood I'd eat there multiple times a week.
5	This place has been here 7 years and we have never been. Are you kidding me? The food is excellent. The people who work here are friendly and seem to be happy to be there, which is most important. I tried the make your own half salad and half sandwich. YUMMY!!! There are many choices for salad toppings. There us nothing I like more than a huge, fresh salad. I chose to top my salad with avocado, tomato, bacon, edemame, feta cheese, and whipped balsamic vinaigrette. I really think this was the best salad I have ever had! They make the salad in front of you and mix in the perfect amount of dressing. I chose the chicken pesto sandwich. The combo of these items was a perfect portion for this hungry girl. The sandwich was excellent. My hubby ordered the Cuban pork sandwich. This is one huge sandwich! It was difficult to get his mouth around it, but once he did, it was awesome!! Typically, we don't like coleslaw, but it was really good, especially combined with the tender pork. We will return to the Market Bistro, again and again. Loved it!!!!
4	I ditch class more than I should probably admit on this public forum, and the last time I found myself walking away from my night class my best friend and I decided food was in order. My best friend, Samantha B., does not have a Yelp. She should. In fact, I would like to dedicate my current Elite status to her because she knows every great restaurant all over the city. I often accompany her to these food havens because I sugar momma her with rides to ASU West. Samantha B. introduced me to Market Bistro on the fateful day that we ditched night class, and I have been craving it ever since. We got a salad and Mac and Cheese. The create-your-own is fabulous; ten items for $7.99. Parmesan chips, grapes, mixed springs, corn (?!), walnuts, olives, and five other things I can't remember made up our salad which was big enough to split. I questioned her judgment on the corn. I really did. I now see the error in my ways. Of the dressing choices we got ranch. Now, I don't even like ranch. But guess what? You're going to like it! And I did too--on this salad anyways. The mac wasn't as good as the salad, but it was alright. I wish it was fresh and came in larger portions. Next time I ditch class, I know to go to Market and get corn in my salad. My cravings are telling me to ditch class soon.
5	I love this place. Staff is always friendly. Food taste great. And to top it off.... they are supporters of the dining out for life. I say 5 stars!! Yum yum!!!
3	My first visit to Market Bistro was to have dinner with fellow Yelpers Nadia C and Deb L. It was recommended by Deb and it was a nice surprise to find out about a cool eatery not too far from my home. It was a casual atmosphere, which I enjoy, and the food options looked enticing.  I was really contemplating getting a pizza, but figure it would be too much for me to eat, so instead I ordered a sandwich, while Nadia and Deb opted for salads. The setup is a little confusing -- and that is mostly the reason I give it three stars -- as you have a couple stations where you can order your food: one for salad and one for the grill. But, if you can read, you can pretty much figure it out.  But, then after you order, I wasn't quite sure what to do. Do I wait there, watching them prepare it, or do I go straight to the cashier? Confusing.  But, I just went with the flow and eventually figured it out. By second trip to Market Bistro was a little better -- I knew the drill, what to do, where to go, but it still was a bit awkward.  And, when I placed my pizza order, they just yelled it out to whoever was in charge of the pizza orders, and I had a feeling that my order might quite possibly get lost in translation. And, well, I was right.  After my parents and sister got their food, I sat at the table waiting and waiting.  After about ten minutes or so after seeing other people get their food after I had ordered mine, I went up to the cashier asking when my pizza would be ready.  And, of course, they forgot about it.  But, they put a rush on it, and I had it very shortly after that.  The slice of pizza I got was okay -- nothing really special (I should have gotten two slices since one just wasn't enough for me). The sandwich I had the previous visit was much better.  It was very flavorful and the bread was delicious. And, I even tried a bit of Nadia's salad, and being that they are custom-made, it was as good as you could would want it to be. Even though I had an order mishap and the ordering setup is a little confusing, I will definitely give Market Bistro more tries.  It is a decently priced, good food, new hangout that I'll keep in my rotation.
5	Market Bistro has the best Caesar salad in Phoenix! I love their specials and the food is good both there and taken to go.
5	Great food, amazing service. The atmosphere is classy but comfortable. You could bring a formal business meeting here, or come in wearing your gym clothes and both would fit in.
5	Market Bistro never leaves me disappointed. The people are great.The food is ALWAYS good & it doesn't matter what you get, they will cater to your needs & wants.Definitely a must if your coming to Phoenix or if you live here, you need to try it.
5	We love recommending Market Bistro to our friends and family because we know they will have a good experience every time. We have tried a majority of their pizzas and sandwiches and everything is always great. Our favorite is the market ceasar, easily the best salad in the valley!
4	I've been here many times and have never been disappointed! The pizzas are delicious and are a great escape from your average 'cheese' pie. My usual order is the creat-your-own salad with chicken. They grill the chicken right in front of you and marinate it with pesto right on the grill . Great service and food; well worth the little extra it costs!
5	Market Bistro has a great selection of fresh, tasty food! Very family-friendly, with "kids eat free" on Saturday and a lot of specials offered to VIP List (email sign-up on their website). I eat here 2 or 3 times each week and always leave happy! For take-out, the pick-up window is really convenient for grabbing lunch or when you have kids in the car and don't want to drag everyone inside. The #2 pizza, Market pizza and Sausage pizzas are all delicious! Be sure to save room for the chocolate chip & walnut cookie, it is heavenly!
4	My mom & I stopped in here for lunch Saturday afternoon. This place kind of reminded me of Chipotle, very industrial looking. After scanning the menus posted on the wall, she went for the balsamic portabella sandwich & I got the special which was a slice of pizza (I went with pepperoni) & a side salad. My mom loved her sandwich & my salad/pizza combo was delish, I also loved their berry green tea. Total for our meals plus drinks was about $20, not bad. We will definitely be back!
4	First let me start by saying I love MB...however, this is not a place you want to overindulge yourself in. While the place truly is phenomenal for what it offers, too much too soon and you won't think so highly of it. Then again, this can be said for many places.Process:MB has a nice setup as far as ordering/paying is concerned, and you can see everything they are doing (i.e. they aren't spitting in your food!) while you make your way down the line. I will say, however, the communication could be stepped up a notch between the patron and the person making the food. And you're not always acknowledged in a timely fashion--even if you make eye contact. This is not always the case, but i definitely see a trend..Atmosphere:I think they have the right idea, but i must admit, when you come in during a busy lunch rush, it's very difficult to maneuver between the tables. I'm not a large person by any means, but not a small on either. It becomes uncomfortable when having to interrupt someone else's lunch/conversation to squeeze by--all while trying not to spill your food/drink....either on yourself or the passerby.Food:The food is by far the star of this establishment, and rightfully so. The ingredients are fresh and vibrant and the combination of flavors just seem to work! I've tried all of their salads and love them, and my favorite sammy is the California Turkey. When i first read the description, i didn't know how i felt about it, but trust me when i say...do yourself a favor and order this! It's wonderful.  Have a napkin nearby, though. Their sandwiches are large, topped with generous fillings, and can get a little messy sometimes. Ok--go ahead and make that two napkins to be safe :)All in all this is a great little place, especially for the surrounding area. It's the perfect combination of upscale meets casual. Bistro is just right. Keep doing what you're doing MB!
4	Casual, clean location Friendly, efficient staffFresh, flavorful food made to your orderWhat's not to like???Great place for lunch or dinner whether you eat in or take out!
4	I enjoy lunch here after church. The food is good and the atmosphere is comfortable and easy. Today it was a good place to catch up with an old friend.
1	***FYI.... AS OF 11/2/2011 IT LOOKS LIKE MARKET BISTRO IS OUT OF BUSINESS!!!!  IT IS SAD... AND I DON'T KNOW WHY.***Their Facebook and Twitter accounts are also deactivated.
4	Sorry to see that Jim closed his 2 locations.  Many people will miss the unique items they offered.
