5	Jennifer at Au Premier has been cutting my hair for a few years now and I certainly would go nowhere else. The whole salon is run like a well oiled machine from the moment you telephone to book an appointment. They always call you 24 hrs before your appointment to remind you and I have never had to wait longer than a week for an open space. When you arrive you are quickly checked in and handed a black gown. Just to make sure, the gowns go over your clothes! not like one man I saw wandering awkwardly around the salon, he had taken off his shirt and pants before he put the gown on. I think he suddenly realized when he saw everyone else!First stop is hair washing and scalp massage if you want one. I used to take the massage but leave it out now and just go straight to the hair wash. The girls obviously don't have any massage experience and just rub your hair for 5 minutes with greasy oil.  It's kinda awkward to feel relaxed. Jennifer is a hair goddess and always remembers everything about my hair and the last cut I had. It is still amazing how many other salons have staff who never ever remember anything about you and you always have to re-explain and wonder if they will screw the cut up (again). Coffee and croissants are usually served if you take an early appointment. Prices are pretty reasonable at around 30-35$ for a mans cut and from $45 upwards for a ladies cut.
4	Cyan at Au Premier is fantastic !
5	I went to see Sylvana this summer and was wowed by her. I had been going to the same hairdresser for years when I realized that she never did what I wanted her to do. She would simply do what she thought was best for me. I did not know that she was wrong for years. Now with Sylvana, I know that she will do not only what is best for me but also incorporate what I want!!!
2	Owners are snobby, hairstylists the same... heavily overrated. Have been visiting once in a while... There comes time when the reputation stops playing its role as an attractor for new visitors, and time when management needs to reconsider how to provide -quality- service!
5	I'm very possibly the pickiest person ever when it comes to how I get my hair cut done. I've been coming here for five years and Axel (for colour) and Joseph (for cut) are amazing! He'll only take off my split ends nothing more and she Always gets my hair colour perfect. They're both very personable and take the time to make sure they do everything perfectly.
5	The spa here is amazing! After a few terrible experiences with Brazilian waxes I vowed I would never try it again. Then a friend recommended Rosa at Au Premier, and she is a miracle worker! I just had my 3rd appointment with her and not only is she extremely professional, but the wax is MUCH less painful and I have less irritation than previously. I absolutely recommend this place!
5	I have been going to au premier for years and love it every time. There is a great range of prices and the service is always fantastic. I see Charlie for my hair, she is a doll and does a great job. I have been to a number of waxers who have always been great!
4	I love that place, they pamper and treat you so well. I am a customer there and especially Love all the colorist. They always know what color to do and the product is very nice and does not dry the hair.I give them 4 stars because not every hair stylist there is good. I specially deal with someone there but I tried a few hairstylist and they were not good. So for hair coloring i recommend everyone and for hair cut, only selective.
