5	I have unfortunately had quite a few repairs done.  This shop on Alta and Buffalo is honest and reliable and Quick.  Everyone here is very nice especially Brian.  I highly recommend this repair shop.
5	Quick, clean & painless for an auto shop. I came across a $15 oil change special on Groupon for this place. I appreciated the mechanic answering my questions efficiently & not being upsold. Let me tell you, when you're a frilly, sparkle-loving, pink-wearing girl, you're like prey @ supper time for most mechanics.  However, Auto Tech is the exception to the rule. I was really impressed with their high level of integrity & no gimmick style of business. The staff was friendly & I'll definitely be back.#5-stah-fo-u!
5	No upsells, the job was done in a very timely manner. I hope we won't need to go back any time soon but if we do, this is our place to go.
4	I bought a yelp deal after reading all the good reviews. After calling to see what the wait time was, I went in for an oil change. It seemed that the place got slammed in the 15 minutes it took me to get there. Tony told me it would be 1-1.5 hours wait. I don't have time for that bs so I made an appointment for later in the day. I went back at my scheduled time, got right in and my service was finished in 30 minutes. I'd give it 5 stars, but only 4 because I had to make 2 trips.
5	Great shop, been coming here for years. I don't trust any other shop in Vegas. Definitely recommend making an appointment before you come.
5	Great place.  Got a Groupon initially for a year of unlimited oil changes for $35 and it was so worth it.  I go every 3,000 miles and have so far been a half a dozen times.  They are thorough with my car and do an inspection with the oil change.  They gave me free estimates for a leaky transmission and the prices compared just fine with other places in town.  I have subsequently bought a Groupon for my friend as well.
5	I have been to this shop on three separate occasions over the past year with two different vehicles.  Each time I found them to be exceptionally honest and professional.  I took my vehicles in due to problems/noises, not for maintenance and since I was unable to diagnose the problems my vehicles were having I was at their mercy, so to speak.  They could have over-charged me or done work that was not necessary, but there was none of that.  They quickly diagnosed the problems and fixed them quickly for very reasonable prices.  I will continue bringing my vehicles here to the exclusion of all other shops in Las Vegas as they can be trusted to be fair and honest.  I always left my vehicles at the shop in the morning and I usually got a call that they were ready to pick up 4 to 6 hours later.
5	Not only are they knowledgeable about repairs, they're fast, accommodating, and honest. We've been in three times with two different vehicles and each time they've made the repairs without gouging our wallets or our time. I'll definitely go to Auto Tech as long as I'm in Vegas.
5	A1 shop very complete and well run as good as it gets!!!!
5	Great well run shop.Tony is the best and they crew gets it done fast and clean you pay for what you get!!!
5	Customer service is outstanding at this location.  I took my car here to get switch on blinkers replaced.  Had a few hiccups because the part ordered did not fit.  They reordered a new one but it was not to arrive until the next week.  I was told I had to leave my car for the weekend.  I asked if I can get it back and drop it off when the part gets there.  It was tedious for them to put the car back together but they did anyway.  They didn't charge me for the extra hours to reassemble car nor the extra cost of the correct car part.Honest and professional people.  I would patronize this business again.
1	Initially I told my mom this was a good, trustworthy place. My biggest mistake. Claimed the problem with my car was one thing, 'fixed' something completely different without telling us, then magically charged me the exact same price for the new service despite it being something completely different from the problem that was quoted me. How does that happen unless they're arbitrarily making up prices to take advantage of women? Stay away.
1	I'm female and used a Groupon for an oil change in an effort to save a few bucks.  Not worth it.  The half hour process took almost an hour and a half.  The "diagnostic" (needing repair)  information provided on the receipt included the replacement of my windshield wiper.  Not a big deal except I noticed that the rubber was obviously pulled away quite a bit from the blade when I got home......questionable because I just cleaned my front window 2 days prior, picked up both blades to do so and the rubber was completely in tact, not half off as it is now and both were fine when last used.  Makes me question the other "diagnostic" items that "can all be completed in their shop".  Using the Groupon has cost me much more than what was saved.
1	I purchased this groupon thinking that this small business nestled into the heart of my residential neighborhood would be worth my business as well as money. I WAS WRONG. The manager at the front desk was rude and inconsiderate. He was curt and short with his answers and continued to attempt to sell me things I assured him I did not want to purchase. Like a full replacement of my CV joints. I have taken my car to TWO other shops/technicians who inspected my car for any issues regarding my CV joints. Both other technicians assured me that there is nothing wrong and that such a replacement was not only unnecessary but overpriced given the estimate I had from this shop. When I refused to have such a replacement, they used scare tactics to persuade me to purchase it anyway by signing a waiver of release saying my vehicle is unsafe to drive. It is not. But this was the LEAST of my issues. When I went in for an oil change on Saturday the 26th not only was I bombarded by Tony's complete lack of customer care and his less than desirable attitude but they DID NOT FILL MY CAR UP WITH OIL. My car started knocking after the oil change. I drove it lightly but still heard the knocking. It was getting worse with each day but I was confident that even though Auto Tech had shoddy customer service, there was no way they could screw up an oil job. Finally yesterday afternoon after an increase in knocking I checked my oil...and it was BARE. There was nothing by dried CHUNKS in my oil pan and on my dipstick!! Obviously I could not drive it at this point unless I wanted to risk FURTHER DAMAGE. But when I called to see what was wrong Tony was less than receptive. Offering nothing close to an apology but rather just a number to call to have it towed and telling me that it was MY FAULT. I would never take my business to them again. I wouldn't even let them touch my car to correct the problem. Now I am not sure if there is lasting damage or how to have it handled! What a mess! Bottom line, these guys are scam artists. When I posted something about it on a social media site SO MANY people came out across the valley admitting to having some serious problems with the SAME SHOP. These people are BAD BUSINESS. I fully intend to contact my local news channel and further investigate the wrongdoings of these scammers within our community. I DEMAND A REFUND. I am also asking that the shop cover the damages and repairs to my car. Regards, Rachelle S. Bressgi
3	Walked in the door and both employees didn't look up from their cell phones. They continued to show each other photos of whatever and ogling at them while I waited. It wasn't longer than 3 minutes but when someone visits your business you would think you would want to greet them right away.
5	The best customer service of any automobile center I've ever been to. Tony G. is awesome, they do great work, full service oil changes, keep the car clean and you're in and out fast.They've got great prices, great coupons on their website. Don't waste your time anywhere else...And now they're a Meineke affiliate do your warranty is good at over 900 locations instead of 7. Rock on Tony!
