5	Sew Now is tucked behind Rosati's and Jack in the Box in the little strip mall - and it's a gem!My better half has discovered the joys of custom clothing - which means buying stuff that fits right in all the right places, and then having Sew Now take care of the rest!  (I end up happy since she'll spend only $75 on jeans instead of $150+, and then get them altered to feel/look like she spent the larger amount.  Yay!)Suri (sp?) is the wonderfully nice woman who takes care of us every time we're in, and does such great work for absolutely reasonable prices!  They work quickly, and the workmanship has been superb.  We've had everything from jeans (did I say how much we're saving with a $10 alteration? Yes - yes, I did.), shirts, slacks to jackets all saved or improved by Sew Now.  For example, they hem the jeans so that the original hem still shows - how do they do that???Check 'em out - you may find that your wardrobe has new life!
5	This place is awesome for alterations.  They really know what they are doing and the prices are reasonable.  I've had simple alterations such as pant hems to having suits that were too big tailored in to fit me.  The business owner is very friendly and will remember you the next time you visit her shop.  Check them out.
5	Wonderful - Wonderful - Wonderful!!I have been using this facility for three years now and I have referred 3 happy customers to this shop as well. To date myself and my three friends I have sent to this shop are all happy.They do GREAT work, at a GREAT price. You might have to wait (the word is getting out that she is good) a few days to get your items back so plan ahead. It's worth the wait. If your in a major bind usually she can make it work. For the price, work and customer service its worth it. I am sure others are faster but with that they are for sure more expensive then this shop - but its all what your willing to do - cannot go wrong here :)
5	This place is amazing. I'm a very short person so i live at the tailor. This place is quick, reasonable, and super nice. I've had everything from sweatpants to a formal gown altered here with great success.
5	A great find.  Dropped off 5 pairs of pants, late on Saturday afternoon, picked up Sunday afternoon. I have never seen service like this. Great job.  Not only were the pants alterations finished, pants were pressed.  Wow.
4	Found Sew Now through Yelp and figured I would take 5 button up shirts I had just bought there.  They were a little busy, due to prom approaching, but I was able to get out of there in under 15 minutes.  Price was great and the shirts were done quickly.  The fit on all the shirts was great.Being a tall and skinny person(17.5" neck, 37" arms, 50" chest, 36x38 pants), I need to get most of my clothes altered and plan on bringing some bigger projects in soon.The reason for a 4 rather than a 5 was because one of the shirts ended up with a slight tear (only 1/8th" long) in the shoulder that wasn't previously there.
5	Love this place! Going to bring her a lot of business both by word of mouth and the other alterations I need!I bought a suit on a Saturday, needed it altered on Sunday for an interview on Monday. Done! Two hours and $15 to hem a lined and cuffed pair of pants. And I got the job!
5	I've moved around the country with the military and it's always difficult finding a good alterations shop. I took my dress blues here after another alterations shop failed to meet my expectations. Sew Now Alterations corrected everything! They are inexpensive, courteous and professional. Highly recommend!
5	This place is amazing, inexpensive, and fast!  The staff is also very thoughtful and friendly.  I would recommend it to anyone looking to alter their clothing.
5	A hidden gem in north phoenix. I brought a pair of suit pants to get hemmed and it was $10.00. Yes only $10.00!!! Yesterday I brought the same pair of pants for the same alteration and was quoted $24.00. I explained that I needed the pants as quickly as I could get them and she told me they would be ready tomorrow! Less than 24 hour turn around for half the price I was quoted somewhere else. Really nice people and they deserve a ton of business.
1	Let me start by saying I loved this place. Have spent a lot of money here over the years. However, that has changed based on one experience.  I was so taken aback from what happened, I am posting my first yelp review ever. Being a previous business owner myself, I know the important of customer service and appreciation. I'm not sure why I was treated the way I was, but what's done is done and they have not only lost a customer but my referral base as well.I went in needing to have bathing suit straps shorted. Simple enough. I tried the garment on and the owner marked where it needed shorted. Easy Peasy! After changing I had inquired if she had thread that she thought would match and she returned from the back with samples. We picked one that matched and I had asked if she would stitch it the same way it currently was (zig zag) as the last thing I would want is my top falling down. She said "they will hand stitch it a few times but I'm not going to guarantee anything". I asked if she had a zig zag machine and she replied "yes, but I'm not setting it up for this small job". I was shocked she would even say such a thing.I asked if she recommended that I take it somewhere where they would zig zag the stitch and she replied "go ahead". At that point I reached for my garment and she grabbed it and I said "please just leave the marking and I wont have to go through the hassle of trying it on again". She grabbed my garment went to back and removed the mark she made. Returned and I said "you actually removed your mark?" She said "I did not hear anything".  I explained I stood right here and asked you not to remove it."Oh well its already done she says". I was dumfounded that she would do this to a customer that goes back years. She intentionally went and removed it. It wasn't like I went in to use her for her measuring skills. She then said goodbye and showed me the door. WOW! Where has customer service gone. She did not want to set up the machine for me but certainly wasn't going to make it easy for me to go somewhere else either. I would have paid whatever needed to be charged to set up the machine.Found another establishment that was happy to accommodate the the required stitching and made no big deal of it.
