4	So I found myself once again in Sun City West tonight this time to enjoy dinner with the in-laws. I have determined that if you enter the realm of Sun City, SCW, or SC Grand you are less likely to be stared and glared at if you are accompanied by a SC resident. Keep this in mind when you enter the Twilight Zone.But the point of this review isn't to give tips on how to best deal with SC, but to tell you about a great little family restaurant called Rosie's Italian Cafe. Rosie's is nestled in Sun City West off of Meeker (also known as Reems outside of SCW) and Camino Del Sol near the True Value Hardware store. It is a cute place that recently added on another dining room when they took over the old Dominos pizza location that moved out of that strip mall. This turned out to be a good thing for Rosie's because before Dominos moved, Rosie's only served pastas, salads, and sandwiches--and NOT pizza. Which in and of itself is rather strange for an Italian restaurant. It seemed to work for them because for the most part, Rosie's has a pretty good, steady business. But, since Dominos moved out, Rosie bought their pizza ovens and voila, now Rosie's serves delicious, hot, fresh Chicago style pizza now.Rosie's is moderately decorated with pretty floral plastic tablecloths and photographs of Chicago along with Chicago memoribilia. Nothing fancy or over the top and that's actually refreshing to not have a restaurant over do it. Back to that pizza....and let me just tell you, that pizza is thin crust, flavorful, mouthwatering gold my friends served straight from the ovens to your table with a wink and a smile from Rosie herself. Rosie's has a great selection of pizzas but if that's not your thing, they also have a fantastic selection of pasta dishes and a Chicken Parm dinner that is simply to die for. There are also hot and cold sandwiches, light appetizers, salads, and soups on the menu as well.  The garlic bread served with the pasta dinners is hot, but melts in your mouth from this great garlic butter sauce that they smear on it. Oy...it is so good. The salads are fresh and not wilty with a great selection of dressings.  There is a soup of the day selection so the soup variation isn't too great, but that's ok because the one soup they are serving is made fresh that day. Rosie's had a very good, steady flow of business tonight, a Wednesday evening, and when we left, there was actually a wait list for people to get in. Rosie's also does a steady take-out business as well.So, if you are looking for a solid family restaurant that is no frills in the West Valley, Rosie's is your place. Blue Haired chaperone not required, but definitely recommended!
3	I will add my two cents to the other reviewer who is my wife.  I am also continually creeped out by eating in old people land but it wasn't that bad since we had my parents with us.  Anyways, service was good enough.  They were busy and got busier throughout the evening but our drinks still stayed refilled which is a big thing for me.The salad was not my favorite texture, a little too much like eating right from the garden, but the delicious salad dressing (I had their Honey Mustard) made it all worthwhile.  I really enjoyed the salad once I put a generous amount of Honey Mustard on it.I shared a sausage pizza with my family and it was very tasty.  It was a very thin crust so if you like the crusts thin and crispy, this is your place!  It was good, but could have had a bit more sausage on it.What raised this from a two star to a three star meal for me was the leftovers.  Seriously, their pizza tasted incredible the next day for lunch and now I am looking forward to going back!  A good place to take Sun City West residents for lunch or dinner!
5	I'm talking my Grandmother's good, old fashioned Italian!  If she'd been Italian.  Best lasagna we've ever tasted.  A very good linguine with a terrific spicy sausage sauce.  Typical no-name chianti by the glass or carafe.  And the Chicago style pizza looked wonderful - we'll try that next.  Or maybe the Cobb salad - the small size was huge.   As far as the crowd was concerned (and it was crowded), it was a mixed age group.  Sure, there were some in their 60's and 70's, but there were a number in their 30's and 40's.  Okay - none in their 20's, but they would not have felt out of place.Anyway, if you like great, everyday Italian, Rosie's is my choice.  And Rosie sits by the front door.
4	It's a 35 minute drive for us, but I had to go back for the pizza, which we originally meant to try before we got into the lasagna and spicy sausage/pasta dishes.We ordered a meatball and onion 12" for lunch.  Very thin crust.  Lots of meatballs and onions and served HOT.  Gotta be honest, it was better than any pizza we've had in Phoenix, but I'm still looking for one as good as Monical's used to serve in Illinois.Next time I've got to try their Cobb salad.  The small is huge and we watched three salesmen devour three of them today!  Needless to say, This is one of our favorites for casual.
5	This is, without a doubt, the best Italian food you might find in Arizona. Not only is the food and service great but it comes at a very low price.
4	Excellent calzones and garlic buns!!  Visiting from out of town, Yelp saves the day again!  We wanted some good Italian food while visiting my parents in Arizona and found Rosie's.  A really cool place inside, I'm guessing she's from Chicago.  There were about 154 pictures of Chicago plastered all over the walls.   The only thing about the atmosphere that I didn't like was the odor.  I smelled of old basement or something funky.  You'd think all that delicious food would over power anything in the air, but I guess not.  We wanted to try a variety of different things and share it all.  We went with a calzone, dinner salad and the meat and cheese combo raviolis.  The calzone was AWESOME!  A super big portion and cooked to perfection.  The marinara was a bit sweet, maybe a touch too much sugar in the recipe, but it was fresh none-the-less.  The raviolis were good, I liked the meat ones better than the cheese, but a good size portion as well.  One thing that came with the raviolis, and also is offered as an appetizer was the garlic buns... Holy moly.  They were soooo F'ing good.  A must have appetizer if you come to Rosie's.Overall the service was good, the food was tasty and we left stuffed!!  I would definitely come back to Rosie's when visiting again!
4	We went to Rosie's tonight on a friends recommendation and the food was wonderful!  I had spaghetti and meatballs, another friend had the raviola, both meat and cheese - excellent on both accounts. They also serve your choice of soup or salad, I had the chicken noodle soup, homemade, very good and my friend had the salad which had tomatoes, cukes, onions and of course lettuce - it was a salad.  But the biggest treat of the night were their homemade garlic buns - oh my gosh, excellent doesn't begin to describe them.  The prices were average, and on a Tuesday night by 6pm, there was a wait for a table!  We will go back to Rosie's and we would suggest you do too!
3	I've never had to wait so long for a cheese pizza...close to an hour!  But besides that the pizza was good, but not the best...
4	Totally impressed! This cozy restaurant is a little slice of Italy! Service was very friendly and personable - we were seated promptly by Rosie herself! Food was excellent! Very generous portions! Had the meat and cheese ravioli's - usually I'm picky when it comes to red sauce but Rosie's is the best I've ever had! Also had salad and a garlic butter roll.... All I can say is yummy in my tummy! You've gotta go to try the garlic butter rolls alone! My sister really enjoyed the BBQ chicken salad with a garlic butter roll. A little bit of something for everyone even if your not a fan of Italian. You won't go home hungry or disappointed! Being in our early thirties, me and my sister didn't mind the Sun City crowd that filled most of the restaurant - everybody was there having a good time! Next trip I'm definitely going to get the tiramisu even if I need to take it home for later!
1	After incredibly slow service and average food, we were asked to leave the restaurant because the owner (Rosie) needed our table. There were several other empty tables in the vicinity. Never have we been asked to give up our table at any restaurant. The only reason we were there that long was the slow service. Avoid this place at all costs. There are other better restaurants in the area. Don't give this woman a penny of your money. She obviously doesn't believe in superior customer service.
3	After our last trip, we're really disappointed.  Last Friday, the lasagna, which Jo-Ann had always loved, was pretty thin - very little lasagna, but lots of sauce...swimming in sauce!  Way too much sauce for the small cut of lasagna.Yes, the service was slow.  Slower than we've experienced in the past.  But the gals were friendly and nice.But the food quality has gone down.  Three stars now.
4	Definitely one of the best italian places in the area, if not west valley! Went with my dad a couple days ago for lunch and was impressed with the friendly service.  I would consider this a very relaxed, casual place to enjoy a great meal. The greek feta dressing was great and salad was very fresh.  Would definitely come back!
4	First timer at this sub shop and was worth it. Got the chicken parmesan sub and the bread was very good with fresh ingredients. Worth a another trip sometime soon.
2	Rosie's is in a really nice location away from Bell and Grand which seem to be the major avenues for dining options in this part of the desert.  The wifey wanted cheese ravioli, and what she wants she gets, so off we went to try something new...I've seen more youthful crowds at Hospice of the Valley mixers..  The ambiance is nursing home-esque.The food was OK.  Not bad at all!! But nothing that would make me crave something from here to make me want to come back.  The service was a bit slow but not awful.  Dessert seemed pre made..  And the kids SCREAMING in the other room... Probably won't be back agian..
5	THE BEST! I travel extensively and as a result have the opportunity to sample my favorite food, (Italian, of course,) in restaurants not only in this country but internationally - including three trips to Italy. Rosie's rates at the top of my lists for the best cuisine, service and, if you get to talk to the 'Rose' her self, atmosphere. There's a nightly special but all the prices are very reasonable. Here's my insider's tip - - order the lasagna!
5	Been coming here for years.  I love love love their food.  Whether you get the baked ziti, chicken parm with giardiniera, or the pizza you can't go wrong!   Highly recommended!!,
4	One of the perks of working in Sun City West is that Rosie's is right up the street. This is a great little place with tasty Italian staples. There's nothing terribly adventurous on the menu, but they serve tasty pasta dishes with perfect al dente pasta and delicious sauce. I love the garlic butter rolls. The rolls are slightly crusty on the outside, and the soft inside is perfect for sopping up all the delicious garlic butter. The Antipasto salad is one of my favorites. Everything is deliciously fresh, and I like the feta cheese dressing.
4	The kids wanted pizza so we decided to try Rosie's. First thing I noticed was the tables are a little small for pizza but we were able to make due. The wife and I shared the antipasto salad. Lots of lettuce, a healthy amount of meat, but a little skimpy on the cheese. My little one loved the cheese so much we had to order an extra side to keep her happy.The pizza was pretty good. Thin (but not too thin crust) so it stayed hot. Everyone seemed pretty pleased. Was vacillating between 3 and 4 stars but the service was good enough to push it up. Would like to try this place again the next time we're visiting the in-laws.
4	Rosie's is one of the best little pasta joints in the Sun City/West area, and has a huge crowd of local regulars.  We usually go on Friday nights and it is almost always crowded so get there early.  It is a Chicago-style menu with many special favorite dishes.  Seating is fairly limited and they do a huge take-out business.  The food is always good and the service is usually excellent.  A real family style business.  The place closes for two weeks every August so the owners can visit family back in Chicago, so don't try going then.  They do have a side room for private parties that they sometimes use for overflow crowds when they get busy.  They have make your own pasta choices dishes available too, with different pastas and toppings combined.
5	Went to Rosie's on the recommendation of a friend.  It's a small restaurant (cafe) in a strip mall.  We got there at 5pm hearing that it fills up quickly.  We didn't have reservations as we didn't think they took them, but they do for parties of three or more. The staff was very helpful and because we were there early we were able to get a table.   I typically do not go out for Italian food as I figure it's easy enough to make at home.  Therefore I ordered something I wouldn't normally have.  Stuffed Shells Florentine.  They were excellent.  The portions are large and the prices were great.  It's an old style restaurant  with down home service and food.  The food came quickly and nice and hot.  Went with another couple who the week before took us on an hour drive to what they claimed was the best Italian restaurant they have ever been to.  Well, they have been converted and are now fan's of Rosie's.  My husband had the stuffed shells as well.  My sister-in-law had traditional spaghetti and meatballs and her husband had lasagna.  He quickly determined after one bite that it was the best lasagna he has ever had.  I do have to say the garlic buns were different.  Not great or bad, just different.  The Italian sausage was also excellent. Treat yourself and go to Rosie's.  When we left at about 6pm there was a line outside.  We leave this area in a week and are planning to go back one more time before then.
5	I'm Italian so I know my lasagna and Rosie is just like mom made.Best food in town.
4	For a "don't feel like cooking Monday night" this is a good option. Small locally owned with nice staff. I had lasagna and hubby had a sausage sandwich. With drinks it came to $27 plus tip. Very popular with the local crowd so if you are under 55 you will feel like a youngster.
5	What I like best about Rosie's is that the food is consistently great. Whether it is packed with people or a quiet evening in the summer, the food is worth coming for. The waitresses are pleasant. Your are in Sun City West, so expect to see seniors. Unless it is the middle of the summer, make reservations. I love to see Rosie when I come in because I know she cares about what her customers think. That is the sign of a great mom & pop restaurant.
4	Great service. Great food. Enjoyed dinner here. They take reservations three or more. What I enjoyed most was their ability to not allow the place to become hectic. Crowded but relaxing. Food didn't take to long and was excellent. We had spaghetti and meatballs,Manicotti, and ravioli.  Garlic buns are to die for.  Very reasonable prices restaurant.  We will definitely go back!!
1	Had dinner here last night.  The food is very basic Italian fare - but not too bad.  If you are looking for something like linguine & clams or frutti da mare - do not come here.  The problem is really not the food - it's the attitude they give off.  Very brusque and uncaring.  They all really seem as though they don't care if you ever come back!   And they succeeded - because we won't be back.  They rely on the fact that they have very little competition and that most of the residents of Sun City, Sun City West and Sun City Grand are unwilling to drive off the "reservation".
1	The food wasn't bad it was pretty decent.But the service was absolutely horrendous the woman who worked at the front desk area had no personality at all she was cold and rude and I don't think people like that should be working in the customer service industry. I will not return here because of the service it makes me feel very uncomfortable and awkward!! Overall the service was very poor and you do not feel welcomed at all here I will never return because of that! Get your act together guys!
