3	I really dig a good ole Mom and Pop greasy spoon diner.Unfortunately, with the corporate skullduggery muscling out the competition and brainwashing America to embrace the familiar mediocrity of preformed, seasoned sawdust, they're few and far between. I mean, if I want a microwaved meal the same 50 states over, I'd go to Applechilidennybee's. If I want some down home, from scratch, mama couldn't have made it better cookin', I'll go to Cindy's. Being a small business, the decor is a little hokey. They're not spending money on some razzledazzle, flash and awe marketing flare. (They have ads embedded into the varnish of their table tops, people! They're selling dining space for revenue! Just so they can keep their entrees cheap as sin!) We sat in a room that was a shrine to John Wayne, big enough to accomodate our 8 person group. There were no less than ten pictures of The Duke. (That includes four duplicates of that wacky picture where the scale of his hat is off and it cuts into his head about an inch.) And to top it all off, there was a mirror running the length of the other side of the room, ensuring that double The Duke stared down at us as we ate. Weird.But what this little place lacks in ambiance, it makes up for in food. I had a tuna melt on rye that was to die for. Anyone who knows me can vouch for the fact that I believe the tuna melt to be a sandwich of the gods. Fuck ambrosia. They were eating warm albacore over buttery, crisp bread, smothered in cheddar cheese and pan fried to perfection. And the fries were sprinkled with some kind of magic pixie dust that endowed them with the ability to make me profusely salivate.Everyone at the table ordered something different (from the hot roast beef dinner to the fried fish, Caesar salad to the pork fritter sandwich) and it was agreed that all entrees were wicked, fricken good. And breakfast is served all day long. Super score!So go, pay homage to John Wayne, and he shall reward you with some good eats!
5	This place reminds me of the midwest.  Everyone is friendly, the service is good and quick and the food is delicious and calorie-laden, as it should be.  A good place for breakfast.  Generous portions.  The waitress we always get is great.
3	After reading the reviews of this place I knew I had to try it. One Sunday morning I got the urge to go and as I was driving west on McKellips, my mind raced and I realized at some time long, long ago I had eaten here with my mom. After all it's only a mile from her house, my childhood home, otherwise known as the ghettO - northwest Mesa. The decor is pretty funny and cooky but the place is clean and I like how they have little alcoves with a few tables in each. It makes it feel more private. I got the pastrami and fries. I thought the fries were excellent and the sourdough bread was literally dripping with butter. I thought it was quite tasty. However my dining partner took a bite and said the meat tasted like sub par crap deli meat and that it wasn't that good. Oh well. I thought it was pretty good but it was very, very greasy. Our waitress was attentive for how busy it was. The patio is huge and nice but unfortunately it's all smoking. Well, that could be fortunate if you're a smoker.
5	I go here often as I live less than a mile away and its good service and food!I took my grandmother here recently, she loved the place as well, for me that says alot!-shawn
4	Cindy's Arizona Cafe was a very nice treat this morning.  Sampling their breakfast and lunch dishes, our group had the Grecian salad, bacon cheeseburger, a two-egg breakfast with hash browns, toast, and 4 strips of bacon.  Everything was top notch ingredients and freshly made.  My salad was a great assortment of lettuce, carrot, cabbage, cucumber, tomato, olive, house-made croutons and gyro meat.  The vinaigrette it came with was very light and mild, but the zestiness of the ingredients made it unnecessary to have a powerful dressing.  I especially liked throwing in the bell peppers.  My gf and her mom both indicated they loved their meals as well.  I definitely want to go back for a more traditional breakfast, as every table has housemade jam or orange marmalade.  I have a fantasy of just ordering 12 slices of toast and running around the restaurant sampling the jams at all the tables.  Don't be surprised if I do!  In the meantime, consider that 3 of us ate, all ordered drinks, and the total came out to be $28.
3	My mom treated my boyfriend and me to a lunch here last weekend. I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with fries. The burger was alright. Not amazing, but I still ate over half of it. The fries were well-seasoned... but mushy. I'm much more of a crispy french fry girl.Then the next day my mom took me back there with two of my girlfriends. This time I ordered a Belgian waffle. It also was just alright. I'm really silly about how I eat my waffles (putting syrup in each little compartment and then cutting it up in thirds)... and the waffle I was given had a lot of holes in it, so the syrup didn't stay in.So yeah. All-in-all, it's not awful food. I'd go back if somebody else was paying. But I'm certainly not going to find myself jonesing for their food when lunch time rolls around.
4	I have been to Cindy's about a dozen times now after a friend invited me to meet her for Sunday breakfast there. It's worth the 12 mile drive for me. I can always expect good hot decent food with a reasonable price tag. This is not a chain, so it's difficult for the Mom & Pop places to compete with the huge discounted food orders from Sysco, so I can appreciate the quality of food they serve, what they have on special and the love shared making the delicious cinnamon buns.While the place is quirky in terms of decor, the backs of the chairs (where most people grab) are clean. This is a huge issue to me, and tells me how often somebody takes time to scrub down the tables and chairs. (The Gilbert IHOP failed recently in this rating.)I did not know who "Cindy" (the owner) was until my 3rd of 4th visit, but I see her now every time we have gone in, to check on the order, introduce herself to us, and get our feedback. This is good business for the owner to know all aspects of their service. I would recommend Cindy's for food, service and price! (The only reason this did not get five stars, is that I have been to 5 star restaurants all over the country. As such, the 5 stars are saved for those only.)
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so very picky:I eat here every so often with my boyfriend, its family owned and pretty darn good. You'll find it in a small, almost deserted plaza on the NE corner of Mckellips and Mesa Dr. I like it so much, I brought my family here this past saturday, they seemed kinda hesitant cause of the location and it not having the normal chain name (ihop, dennys, village inn)..but they loved it.. my brother is pretty picky about his biscuits and gravy, but he approved.. weirdo. The usual older man at the front is the owner I think. He is very nice and very welcoming...but the older lady that serves is kinda questionable? maybe i just come on one of her stressed out days? She serves the tables in The Duke room, anyway she warms up towards the end, maybe cause she knows the tip is coming. She forgot to bring our drinks that day, but remembered when she came out with the condiments... no big deal. Food prices are decent for the portion, but i noticed they did go up within the year.. still good though. oh and they serve breakfast up till 2pm, which is also the closing time.
3	Food is good but music is quite dated and beer license would be a nice addition. Wait staff are small town cafe friendly.
5	I absolutely love this little hole in the wall. There's that homey, cozy feeling that you don't find at many places anymore. The food is good, owners and waiters and friendly and all of this for a decent price. I would definitely suggest their biscuits & gravy. They're totally delicious.
4	I got the Fettucini Alfredo.  There was a little implied pressure to order a drink and to add grilled chicken to my Fettucini.  The parking lot nearly empty.  I liked the fun music from the 60's.  My pasta was excellent,  creamy and really good.  The garlic bread was perfect.  I look forward to coming back here sometime.
2	Frankly, I was not impressed. I was asked "links or patties' I chose links, I got patties.. I asked for eggs 'over easy', they were raw around the yolks even though the outside was cooked, looked like they were steamed or something... Bread / toast was below par and over buttered. Marmalade comes out in some kind of pot - why?So, short version, I eat out a LOT in these kinds of places - and this is one where I won't be going back. Iowa Cafe just down the road blows it away.
4	We're frequent visitors of Cindy's. Our family of 5 loves it! 2 adults and 3 kids - we can all find something on the menu we like!Pros:- Things we've ordered that are delicious: chicken fried steak, breakfast burrito, eggs, hash browns, (kids) cheeseburger.- Great service: waitress and cashier are so friendly!- Kids get a treat on the way out! My kids love it! Cons:- Decor is a little older and it's a bit hokey- One time it smelled like cigarette smoke very badly. I wasn't sure if it was from their patio section or another guest who was a very heavy smoker.Will continue to come here.
3	Cindy's is a somewhat frequent breakfast stop for me - but mostly because it's close by. I love the staff, always friendly & welcoming, and the breakfast menu is great.....but steer clear of the burgers.  Quite possibly THE worst burger I've ever had in my life.  The first time I decided to try one, my boyfriend, who had been going there for years before he brought me, advised against it. I got it anyway and immediately regretted it - cut to a couple years later, I just went there with my dad a few weeks ago and felt like a burger for breakfast, so I gave them another shot. Yuck!! Even more horrible than I remembered!! Clearly just cheap, frozen, unseasoned patties they pan fry and throw on a bun.  McDonald's outshines them in that dept. But stick to breakfast and you won't be disappointed.
4	Food is pretty good and you won't leave hungry. Some of the waitresses are a little slow and clearly aren't listening to you when you order. The waiting area needs to be expanded as well. On a busy morning you can have 20 people shoved in this little corner. Plus more people coming in. Some people are trying to pay and some are trying to get a table. I think this could easily be solved by letting people pay their server. I highly recommend the banana nut pancakes!
1	We've been to Cindy's a handful of times and it was ok. They have decent breakfasts, can't complain about that. After the last time, though, NEVER again. We went in with the members of our car club. We planned to have breakfast and a brief meeting. The person at the register (the owner I think) was SO rude to us directly as well as the rest of our group, some of which were driving a distance and were running a little late due to bad weather that day. As they entered they were told "We don't have room for you". Really???? Seriously??? There is no excuse for rudeness to paying customers. There were 16 of us in total. We ALL, but one, had breakfast. The other person had coffee and toast. So, every one of us were paying customers and I'm shocked that the owner of a restaurant would turn away that kind of business for himself as well as tips for his wait staff. An awful experience unless you don't mind not being appreciated as a paying customer. They're going to end up losing all of their customers if this is the way they treat them. Its not like the food is 5 star either, its ok--breakfasts are pretty good, like I said. However, for us, not worth being treated like an imposition when we're spending our hard earned money for a dining experience. Our club found another nearby restaurant that is more than happy to have our business. We're looking forward to a meeting there soon and being treated like paying customers should.
4	Cozy "greasy spoon"! Good food, not fancy, snowbird favorite!
1	Whoever rated this more than 1 star must be related to this so called  mom & pop cafe.  Well if nothing else they are consistent with their most unfriendly owner (Gary) it takes everything he has to walk you to the table - never smiles or greets anyone and after he gets your money both times we were there "never saying thank you in any way shape or form".The breakfast is pretty good (hash browns pretty greasy) but who can mess up eggs or toast???  It brings old and cozy to a new level - you might just say OLD and grundgy !  Putting all this aside if your looking for mediocre food, atmosphere and a miserableowner to greet you I guess you came to the right place.  The food is not mom & popprices more like resort rates, and the little unkept, unclean restrooms are much to be desired.I could go on and on about why I won't go back there, so don't say I didn't warn youbefore you try it !
5	Delicious down home cookingWill definitely eat there again. Highly recommend. We had the western omelet..pancakes. ..biscuits and gravy. Every one was friendly...great atmosphere. Great service.
1	Wish I could leave no stars waited 25 minutes for waitress Cindy to take our orders. Never happened? She Helped everyone beside our table. Rude service never returning.
1	My husband and I came here cause when we would drive by it was always busy. We sat on the patio, it was so dirty!! They allow you to smoke out their and that just added to how dirty it was out their. The waitress was new so I have  her some credit, my food came I got the scrambled eggs, toast, and chicken fried steak. Well the eggs where cold an rubbery, almost as if they where made first and put under a heat lamp. My gravy on my chicken fried steak was cold, and I asked two times for sour dough toast and got white. When I told the man in the front he took a whole two dollars off our bill. I would not even send my worse enemy to this dump!!!!
1	Would have rated lower if I could. Horrible service over 40 minutes to get our food once we were seated. Food came out cold . My breakfast burrito came out as requested with the shredded beef they use in their chimi, the waitress added American cheese which was disgusting and the beef tasted like it had been kept on the porch with the smokers. My wife ordered the biscuits and gravy which h came out cold and congealed. Needless to say neither of us finished our meals. When I get the bill I see the waitress had added the cheese to my burrito and then charged me for it! Maybe they are understaffed because I overheard her mess up two other orders simultaneously. I live 5 minutes away and I will not be back. It will be hard for me to drive by this place now without felling sick to my stomach . The 20 minute drive to crackers and company is worth it folks if you live in this part of town. Cindys Is an abomination and has no right being called arizona cafe.
3	The overall experience was mediocre. I ordered an omelet which was decent but a little runny for my taste. The biscuits and gravy was very good. The prices were right on target and one of the cheaper breakfast places I have been. Average plate was around $7.50.We felt a little rushed by the waitress and we could tell she was anxious to get off work. In her defense we arrived a little past 1pm and they close at 2. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back to this place, however, I wouldn't protest going back either.
5	My boyfriend and I love coming to Cindy's!  It's close to our house so that is a huge bonus. Yhe food here is outstanding! You can tell it's all made fresh with good ingrediants!! The banana pancakes are my favorite thing on the menu but you can't go wrong with anything you order!
3	Decent dinner food.  They made the substitutions I wanted without charging extra.  The ambiance was a little haphazard for me.  We had good customer service from everyone but our waitress..but she came around toward the end of our meal.
4	Love it here at Cindy's!  The food is absolutely delicious! We always get the breakfast so we can't say much for lunch or dinner. I recommend the pancakes or biscuits and gravy but if we come for breakfast, the place has to have awesome biscuits and gravy. The service is slow and this particular time we only saw our server twice, so come on a day you don't have anything to do. Not to mention,  you will leave full! ;)
4	One stop I enjoyed while out in Mesa, Arizona was Cindy's Arizona Cafe. The parking lot passing by prior while driving throughout the city a few times suggested to me this was a place of interest for those that enjoy eating. Being a person that enjoys eating, I mentioned one morning we needed to eat at a place that served a warm, country, home-style cooked breakfast that would be followed by a nap.We showed up the day we were jamming out in fact; Sunday approximately between 8:30 and 9 O'Clock in the good ol' mornin'. Not a bad crowd, even though we waited a second to be sat.. we were able to sit near a window away from most of the folks in the main dining area. The menu was pretty neat. It had staff favorites to customer favorites to your everyday eggs, ham, bacon, burgers and so on. Relatively to the point, which makes my decision easy. I went with the country chicken fried steak with eggs over easy and home fries. I really don't get to eat the type of breakfast I want to back at home, so when I'm eating I aim for something truly fulfilling to the appetite.The country chicken fried steak was cooked exactly how I like it. Smooth peppery gravy doused on a piece o' chicken that's breaded and cooked to a perfect crispness. The insides maintain moisture making this dish not only tasty and fulfilling, but borderline refreshing to those of you who are like myself. A fork punctures my egg yolk as it spreads across the entire plate. It says 'hello' to the home fried potatoes and mingles with the gravy that drips off the steak. Yessir, we've hit the spot. Where's the cot for that quick nap??We were checked on frequently with our water and coffee cups consistently being filled. Not only that, the waitress found our group entertaining and delightful.. At least that's what I was led to believe. She was a sweetheart, bless her little soul.All in all, Cindy's Arizona Cafe was a sweet little spot that filled ya boy's stomach up proper.
5	We finally stopped by here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. Was pleasantly surprised by the fast seating and friendliness of our waitress Judy!  We ordered breakfast,  French toast with ham for me and my husband had chicken fried steak and eggs. The French toast was awesome as was the ham. My husband said his chicken fried steak was great. Everything was done just the way we like it. Judy was like a family member and very friendly. We will definitely be going back. Maybe tonight for fish fry!!
