5	I have to admit that I am a bit of a Mexicanfoodaholic, I could pretty much eat Mexican food 3 times a day and 4 on nights that we go out drinking. I cannot say enough good things about Humberto's.   I have to say for a "Quick Service" Mexican food experience it doesn't get much better than this.  I have never been disappointed and I have tried quite a few items on the menu.  My personal favorite is the Machaca (it is amazing) and it keeps me coming back again and again.  The staff is very nice and accomodating.  The seating is not the most comfortable but the food is soooo good that you will finish before you have a chance to notice...
4	Seriously! I don't understand this little place. It's small, hot, cramped and tucked away in a hard to notice place. Thus the 1 star reduction. But the food is out of this world! The Carne Asada is off the chart amazing. If you are close to this place, stop in and order anything. You may have to take and eat it at home or down the street but you won't be disappointed in the least.
5	I've passed by this place so many times. But I'm so happy to know that it's close by!I went in today, I was so starved, glad that the place was dead. (I knew I'd get my food right away.)I ordered the Carne Asada burrito, three rolled tacos with Guac and cheese, and a large cup of Horchata.The rolled tacos were alright. But they slapped on a mountain of guac on top of it, that I overlooked their boringness and enjoyed every bite. (I love guac. D: SO MUCH. Avocados FTW!!!)I didn't realize how big the carne asada burrito was until I ate almost 2/3rds of it. I almost died, over stuffing myself because it was good, really good. I've had Carne plenty other places before, but this ghetto looking hole in the wall restaurant probably takes the #1 spot for yummiest Carne Asada.The horchata was... Well, horchata! Very refreshing and helped balance out the flavor of the Carne asada burrito.The service was good, and quick!Definitely going back, probably tomorrow or something. Gonna try out the rest of their menu. I'll come back with an update when I've tried half their menu.
4	I just moved to north Phoenix and I was used to the mexican restaurants and taco shops in downtown. I looked hard for a mexican food place near home and finally found this tiny little place under the shadows of N 51 and Bell behind a gas station. They serve the best menudo around to cure the hangovers and the best late night appetizers. This place brought all the good taste of awesome made mexican food. Note: I would have giving a full 5 star except that the only negative point is:  the close too early during the weekends. Congratulations !!
5	There are so many "Berto's" in Phoenix that it's not even funny.  Humberto's is next door to my rinky dink apartment.  So it's convenient.  I went in expecting to find a typical dive.  However, this place was clean and there was a lone man in there manning the grill.  I immediately ordered my "safe" meal - a Carne Asada Burrito. I was happy to see the man toss some raw meat onto the grille and make it fresh.  He took great care in putting chili in it and then slapped it into a huge tortilla.  He also put a MOUNTAIN of guacamole into it which was the only downfall.  I will next time as for cheese instead.  So, I ate it and it was good.  It was very big and filling as well.  I will be returning to this place time and time again!
3	Good Mexican Food, but a little on the pricey side for a taco shop.
1	I was so excited to have some yummy Mexican for the lunch. So disappointed to have average Mexican for lunch. Average Mexican Food can still be OK but what turned me off was the sanitary conditions. The cooks would handle food, money and packaging items and never washed their hands once. Unless you count wiping their hands on their jeans washing! I was waiting for my food which gave me time to look closely at the restaurant. I always say if the floors, bathrooms and corners of the restaurant are dirty, so is the food handling. I did not go into the bathroom but I did notice a filthy dirty high chair sitting in the corner. The guy at the counter was not the friendliest but he got the job done. Going back for more? No thanks!
5	Best horchata ever.(The food is great too, obviously)Don't go in expecting much. It is a tiny place in a strip mall... kinda feels like it was a Subway in a previous life. I've only ever seen one dude working in there, so it wasn't super quick, but we loved it and sneak by to pick up horchata and enchiladas anytime we are in the neighborhood.
5	I only had tacos, but they were AWESOME.  Better than any other -bertos or restaurant.  I will dream of those tacos.
3	I go here often since its close to my house. Like some others have said, its not the cleanest place ever, but for a bertos, its not bad at all... I mean if you're going to a bertos in the first place, you can't really expect it to be super clean. I like their Carne Asada... minus one star because I wish they had salsa.
4	This place closed down.  Big sadface.  They had great carne asada.  No idea what became of it.
