5	I have been trusting Thrifty Cleaners with all of my dry cleaning ever since they opened.  I always have wonderful results from them and my clothes still look as if I just brought them home from the store.  The owners are incredibly nice and honest.  If you are looking for a great dry cleaner with great rates and fantastic results, look no further.  Thank you Thrifty Cleaners!
5	Got back my dress I had tailored at Thrifty Cleaners and the transaction was smooth. When I dropped my dress on a Tuesday around lunch their turnaround was about 24 hours, which I was surprised at and a huge plus (I had asked if it would be possible to complete by Thursday). You get a discount - a couple of bucks and they tell you the difference - if you pay beforehand which I would recommend. They do have a credit card minimum of $10 even though I paid with cash. Thrifty does not or at least I did not see a changing room so make sure that you have your garment marked where you want taken in. I will be coming back to try their dry cleaning service but I am already sold on their quick alterations. No more waiting a week and believe I was charged about double for alterations on a dress at another business. Street parking can be trouble though.
4	Dry cleaning and laundry have to be the two most ridiculously boring and painful experiences of modern existence. But, in my realm of corporate life-sucking activities and the necessity to wear clothing that I'd prefer not to stain by tossing lip glosses, pens, and stickers into my wash, I now defer to the experts for anything that I don't want to completely destroy with my lack of skill (or the crappy washer/dryer combo that came in my apartment). Despite Pittsburgh being awesome for all things reasonably-priced, we are terrible at dry cleaning. I've been to at least 4 cleaners in/around the city and they've all been slow (in comparison to Thrifty) and expensive (in comparison to Thrifty). Thrifty is small, family owned, honest, friendly, and fast! Pay in advance (cash or card) and get a discount. I've dropped items off as late as 2 pm the day before and been promised them next day. For any of you who are big 'green' fans, I believe this (as most dry cleaners) is still a chemical-use cleaning service. Sorry. I haven't used their alteration service before, but just dropped a pea coat off to be taken in by Mr. Kim (the owner, who does the alterations in-house). He pinned and tucked the jacket for me and is doing a taper on it, which isn't exactly easy sewing ... but I haven't received it back yet. Dropped it on Saturday morning and it was promised by this Monday at 1 pm ... looking forward to the same excellent service and results!!
3	Maybe I am picky about my dry cleaner, maybe not. This is a followup to a trashing of NuLife that turned me on to this place.  Overall very quick, very clean and can count on an above average job done here (talking about dry cleaning). It is pretty expensive, $3 a shirt and $3 a pant, you do get a discount for paying at drop off, but still not cheap.I took ten shirts there a few months back, and they did the whole Pittsburgh thing with using pins to tag the shirts, which is better than the infamous marker, but still unnecessary (side note: when will dry cleaners learn to put their number tags through a button hole and staple the ends? thus not using a pin and not putting a hole in the shirt? Is that too much to ask?) Anyway, after unpinning my shirts, some of the pins went through the shirt and not the tag as the tags were not loose ones, but ones sewed directly to the shirts. When I brought this to the attention (second trip when dropping off another ten or so shirts) of the nice woman at the desk she said they would pin them at the bottom. Alas that was what was done, and if I have to have a hole because they didn't figure out the button hole trick then so be it. For pants however, they staple their tags to the tags in the pants. This one baffles me, but contrary to NuLIfe, Thrifty's knows what a permanent crease is and didn't screw that up.Overall:Pros: good job, nicely pressed, and very quick turnaroundCons: little expensive and the yinzer way of tagging shirtsPS I still use Thrifty's and will continue to do so unless someone in the area opens up a place that uses the button hole and doesn't charge three bucks a shirt.
4	This is an addendum to a previous review (which was filtered for no reason). But, let me tell you, Thrifty's is starting to learn (not completely) the trick. Instead of using pins to secure their tags, this last group of shirts I just dropped off (n=20) all had the tags wrapped around the shirts tag and stapled at the ends (thus not wasting a pin and not putting a hole in the shirt! the only thing is they have yet to do this through a buttonhole which would be the next level of great). I think this is the one folks.
1	Yes, this place is cheap, but you get exactly what you pay for.  The people who work there are unprofessional, the dry cleaning is poor (I'm not sure they actually clean things - they may just press them) and the tailoring is disastrous.  I had a silk Diane Von Furstenberg dress repaired there (the small rip was actually on the seam, so not a tricky job) and the guy totally botched it.  It was the sloppiest job I've ever seen and it pretty much changed the shape of the dress because his stitching bunched the material.  He clearly approached this dress as if it were cotton, but any real seamstress/tailor would've known just from looking at it that the material was silk.  The hillbilly working at the counter didn't quite understand my rage, but refunded the tailoring cost simply to get me out of the store.  LESSON:  DO NOT TAKE ANYTHING OF VALUE OR ANYTHING THAT YOU ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT/LIKE TO WEAR TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT.......or explain what the material is to someone who should already know.
3	Thrifty is Ok, I walked in and the door was locked, which was a bit sketchy. But they do this for security reasons. I had to get 5 pairs of pants hemmed, which cost me $40 which was pretty good. The man took my items and gave me a tag, without telling me when to come back for them. I was a little nervous that I might lose my clothes, but I came back a few days later and my pants look great. I would've given thrifty a 4 or 5 star rating except for the weird vibe I got from it walking in and the nervousness i felt for the few days when I thought I might need see my pants again...
1	Welp, Thrifty's has finally bitten the dust. I was once impressed, but now have had two separate trips to only return with shirts and a white coat that was only pressed, not cleaned. How do I know this? Because there was a pen mark on one shirt, a red mark on the white coat, and a mystery spot on another shirt. After bringing my dry cleaning home, when untagging them all I noticed the spots were still there. Ridiculous for a "cleaners". And no, they were not permanent stains as I was able to easily remove them and I am hardly a laundry expert.Disappointed Thrifty's, and I'm sorry to break up with you. I must say, it is you, not me this time. We had a good run, but we've grown apart. I've been loyal, but deserve better right now. I wish you the best and hope you turn your act around.
1	DO NOT GO HERE FOR ALTERATIONS.  i brought in several pairs of pants to be hemmed - various styles and material, lined and unlined.  i had only pinned one pair and expected to try them all on as they all hung differently.  the man behind the counter grabbed them so quickly, tossed them into a basket and handed me a ticket with a quick turnaround time.  when i asked about needing to measure the other pants i was told they could figure it out and was hurried off.  i was skeptical but trusting, and thought they're either really that good or really that bad.  turns out it was the latter.when i got the pants back, some of the hems were so sloppy!  they were hurriedly done with the wrong stitching, caused bunching, were totally crooked, and the hem was too short - obviously a hack job.  when i brought the pants back to be re-done, there was no one i could speak with about it.  the lady there was so incredulous that the work was bad.  for example, i had to show her with a tape measure how crooked the hem was.  you could see it with the naked eye but when she saw the measurements, she conceded.when i called back to see if they were ready, i talked to this extremely rude, totally unprofessional, young-sounding guy.  i calmly explained what happened and all he was, was just insulting.  seriously?  you do a hack job, i call you on it, and YOU have a problem?!  i explained the problems with the hem on my wool pants.  i expect the stitching to be the same as when i brought it in - no more and no less.  i don' t think this is unreasonable.  i had invisible stitching, proper for the material when i brought them in, i expect that when i get them back - NOT visible, bunched up, crooked stitching.  the kind of stitch was completely wrong for the material and the hem was too short because they were not properly measured.  this guy proceeded to blame me and the material - doing everything except taking responsibility.  at one point he referred to my pants as SPANDEX!  excuse me?!?!  1. who alters spandex?! 2. they were expensive WOOL suit pants.  he obviously just wanted to be insulting as he had NO IDEA what he was talking about.  i got the pants back and the stitching was different but still visible.  i'll probably have to get them repaired somewhere else.speed and quality would be ideal, but if forced to choose, i don't need a turnaround time so fast that the work is sloppily done.  i will gladly wait longer for properly hemmed pants as i cannot look sloppy in my professional environment.if you want quick, cheap, sloppy alterations done, go here.  they may even throw in some insults if you complain about it.
4	I'm surprised at the mixed reviews on Thrifty's.  I've been going for years and have found the service to be excellent and prices very moderate.  They are QUICK, too, for both dry-cleaning and alterations.  I have to deduct a star for the parking situation - North Craig can be a nightmare when it's comes to finding a spot.
3	I have had things tailored and dry cleaned here. Dry cleaning is fast and cheap, but everything smells like old people when they are done. The tailoring was cheap, but one of the stitches fell out after about a week :(I've had better, but not really cheaper.
5	Mr Kim is a great tailor. Inexpensive, prompt and convenient. Charged me $5 for a job that another place said would cost $35!
3	I've only used Thrifty's for a minor seam repair. They were very friendly and pretty quick. The seam repair only cost $2, which is great. However, their hours say they are open until 7pm, but when I went to pick up my shirt at 6:30pm they were closed. I would definitely try them again, but I was pretty agitated that they closed earlier than their posted time.
1	Can't beat the price, but after getting a few pants hemmed here they bottoms started fraying. I'm going to have to go to another place to get everything hemmed again.
5	I go to Thrifty Cleaners quite often. The service is fast and cheap. I have had a few  alterations done there in addition to their dry cleaning service and have had zero issues.
