3	This place is definitely A-OK.  I had received a bunch of coupons in the Valpak over the past several months, but never got the chance to try it until today.  I had seen the place though.  It's in a little strip mall with a Domino's Pizza and PJ O'reilly's behind Big View Diner and near Harris Teeter off of Ardrey Kell.  It's a mostly take out place with about 4 or 5 tables and counter service.  The menu is extensive covering the Chinese basics but also offering things like Pad Thai and Hibachi.We got shrimp egg fu young (yes, totally American but the wife loves it; I don't) and Moo Goo Gai Pan.  The food was decent, but was slightly expensive for the portion received.  I got the Moo Goo Gai Pan as a combo and it was about $8.  That's not too bad, but our usual Chinese place (Best China) gives us the same combo for $5.50.  The saving grace for Asian One however is that they deliver - and as far as I know, they are the only Asian place that delivers to my house in Fort Mill.  The menu also offers a lot more (but there is no sushi for the sushi fans).  All in all, it's a decent place and I would definitely go again.
4	This place is really good for something fast and to go.  My husband and I both get the hibachi steak and it's delish!  I will say it's a bit overpriced for it being a to go restaurant, but still very good food.  The family who owns and works there are so nice!
3	I tried Asian One right after they opened and found their Kung Pao chicken to be rather disgusting. Reading the review of the hibachi steak, I figured I'd give it one more go for lunch.I ordered hibachi chicken for carryout, and waited and watched while they prepared it and seemed to prepare a bunch of other items too, which must have been for other carryout orders since the other 5 people dining in were eating.Asian One has a completely open kitchen, which I sure hope doesn't bite them someday. I had a few concerns while watching them. Most notably someone grabbed a raw chicken breast from a bucket to put in the skillet, and then without washing their hands grabbed some raw vegetables and the tongs to cook with the chicken. No clue if this is a major hazard or not, but it's probably something I'd do at home and I figured everything going into that skillet was cooked within an inch of its life. Still, I'd think they might treat raw chicken like the nuclear biohazardous waste Food TV seems to think it is, in a totally open kitchen. (In all fairness, I'm sure none of us wants to see what happens in the CLOSED kitchens.)Brought the food home, and meh - it was okay. It was Tintin-like (the Uptown restaurant, for those who don't know it) in quality and taste, even including the weird creamy sauce I have gotten before at Tintin. I hate that mushrooms are pre-chopped to very small pieces in the vegetable mix so it's impossible to remove them. It was a $10 lunch, which is on the high side for what you get.Asian One is okay, but it's just not to my liking. My husband wants to try it so I'm sure we'll be back at some point, but really only for him.
3	As far as fast food asian cuisine is concerned, Asian One seems to have their act together.  I recently called an order in during my lunch break.   The lady on the phone was quick, and to the point while taking the order.  When I picked up my food, they had the food cooked, and only had to box everything up for me.  I ordered the General Tso chicken with steamed brown rice and an egg roll.  I personally was not impressed with the egg roll, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either.  The chicken was very tasty though, and the broccoli and green peppers (I believe they were green bell peppers to be exact- maybe its just me, but I missed the little red thai peppers) were very fresh.  The portion size was also very nice considering the low price point for the lunch specials. Will I be back?  Yeah, its extremely convenient to where I work, and they were very fast and they deliver!
4	Ok, I still think the prices are slightly high for the dinner combos but only slightly.  So why am I upgrading this place to four stars?  Because on a hot summer day while the wife was at work, my car started spewing antifreeze so I had to let it chill.  I hadn't gone grocery shopping lately so there wasn't much to eat in the house.  The only non-chain pizza place that delivers to our house is terrible, so I decide Chinese would be good.  I call this place to make sure they deliver here and they said they do but it may take a little longer.  They're in Charlotte; I'm in Fort Mill 3 counties, 2 states, and 3 townships away (but still only about 5-6 miles).  I called back a few minutes later, placed my order, and it was at the door 25 minutes later fresh and hot!  The fried rice was actually very good and the moo goo gai pain was again decent, although just a little more chicken would have been nice.  Still, for not having to cook or clean up dishes on a hot summer day, this was definitely good.
4	The food is decent from here.  We ordered le mein, egg rolls,  and orange chicken.  They gave a lot of food and it tasted pretty good.  The prices are fine and the people were friendly.  We got take out, so I can't speak for how the service is if you eat there.
4	Not much different than your typical Chinese-American take out place.  One exception is that they offer hibachi style meals!I've had their steak hibachi and shrimp hibachi and they are both pretty decent for not being cooked right in front of you!  The veggies seem fresh and not over cooked and they give you a good helping of shrimp sauce to pour over everything (well, I like to pour it over everything)!  We've also had their Chinese dishes and they are pretty decent too!  Crab Rangoon is excellent and I prefer the form they use (or order because I'm sure it's not made from scratch at the restaurant) which is the triangle shaped pods.  Other places use the "purse form" and those aren't as easy to eat than the pods!  Cashew chicken is good and sweet and sour chicken is good too!The food is always steaming hot when I get home and I live about 10 minutes away!Asian One has turned into our go-to Chinese take out place so I hope it's here to stay!
1	Not sure how this is the first one star review of this place... but here goes.Driving home today, I wanted something QSRish, but without a drive thru since my three year old would have insisted on getting french fries. Since Wednesday is not Fry-day, except last week when Penn Central was giving them away for free, I wasn't about to alter course and give in to her jones for fries.So, I decided get some take out from Asian 1. We had heard bad things about this place, but had never tried it before. I guess it was my duty to fall on the grenade to definitively put whatever nails in the coffin this place needed in our household.First off, this must be a money laundering front for the Chinese mob. There were two people in this place. It looked like the kitchen hadn't been used all day except to prepare lunch for these two. I have rarely seen people going in and out of this place, so it's not like today was an anomaly. I decided to go basic and order General Tso's because, how can you f*** up General Tso's right? It came with an egg roll and my choice of rice. Price was under $6... the ONLY positive.The egg roll was among, if not the worst I've ever had. And this comment is coming from a man who has eaten Takee Outee egg rolls on Bourbon Street. Those were better. There wasn't enough sweet and sour sauce available to make this tasteless fried cylinder of wonton tasty.Then came the General Tso's. It wasn't even mall food court quality. It was pretty weak. Very little spice...like they sprinkled a bit of cayenne in their sweet and sour sauce. The meat was probably not chicken.. and if it was, it was McNugget quality. The flash frying of whomever provides the pre-cooked breaded chicken for this place pretty much reduced what meat was inside the breading to mere molecules.Seriously, if you are driving down Ardrey Kell and you want Asian, skip Asian 1 and go into Harris Teeter... pick up either frozen PF Changs or Wanchai Ferry. So what if you have to cook it yourself... it's a small price to pay versus getting food at Asian 1.
4	The egg rolls and spring rolls tasted like they need to change their frying oil. Good sesame chicken, fast delivery.
2	Just to get to it....White rice was like Comet rice from the Harris Teeter across the parking lot. It was rather hard and tasteless. Fried rice was a greasy, brown version of the same.Sesame chicken was like a 1.4 on a scare of 1-5.Broccoli was wilted. Hibachi veggies had no taste and seemed to have a lot of liquid in them for being hibachi.I did appreciate the tails being completely removed from my rather tasteless shrimp.Scallion pancakes must have been cooked a few days ago and microwaved today. They were SO TOUGH. The dipping sauce was good, though. I imagine it came from a factory where quality control is somewhat more important. There were a lot of them, though. So, that was something.Egg rolls were a hot mess. I forgot about that until I was crying over the ton of money I wasted on my lunch today. A coworker reminded me because I gave her one of my extras last time. She hated it. She reminded me not to order from Asian One again. Then she dried my tears. I'm sure it could have been worse...somehow, soooo, there's one star for that. The other one is because they're relatively cordial.
1	This restaurant is poorly managed and the food is a little below average. However I proceeded to try them again since they offered delivery. I called in a order for Habachi steak, they said I needed to order more than $15 so I added rice noodles with shrimp. They said that wasn't enough so I ordered generals chicken as well. The order was placed at 7:20 arrived at 8:30 with no Habachi Steak. The manager said we didn't charge you for the steak but if you want it I can charge your credit card another $13 and deliver it to you. I said come and pick up the food you delivered and bring me the Habachi steak and just charge me $15. She said we can't do that, no we have to charge you again.   So instead of paying $20 for a meal they're requesting I pay $33 total.  That was the last time I'll ever order from them again. They're several other Asian restaurants in the area with better service and better food. This was that time when i knew exactly what i wanted to eat and didn't get it.
1	The food was awful!!!I know this is no place for vegetarians, but this is beyond ridiculous. We went there for the 1st time for a quick bite, and ordered Vegetable dumplings, coconut fried rice and Singapore style thin noodles.The coconut fried rice was rice in brown sauce, with sheredded coconut on top. And it tasted horrible.The noodles are by the the worst. I don't understand how his place has survived for 5 long years.
