4	The previous review is partly right -- the flavor of the hookah is not strong.  But the atmosphere is dark and cool, the bar has nice drinks, the people are mostly late 20 somethings.  I loved the atmosphere -- the waiters are busy, not rude (at least in my experience).  There is a cool back room for a "private" sort of affair -- not too many people, and it's semi private, semi open area.  I liked the bar.  It was a great experience.
3	I loved the cozy, dark atmosphere and enjoyed the rose hookah I had as well. I didnt find the flavour weak. I thought the service was fine, my server didn't speak english too well, but wasn't rude at all.
4	Most shisha places in Montreal that I've been to, the decor and environment are not really upscale, stylish, or have particular aesthetic to it. But hookah lounge has a nice ambiance and atmosphere I''ve been a regular there since 2008. The shisha is pretty decent and come in lots of flavors. My only complaint is that they only give one coal. But that's ok, you pay for atmosphere right? Full bar and decent service. I'd say the place is decent and if you want to go a nice shisha lounge, this is the place to go to
3	I love the ambiance and music (when they play house or pop music) Shisha are a bit small and they tend to be very cheap on the tobacco. Once you remove the  foil you will be amazed by how little there is tabacco. Tobacco might be a little bit expensive but you are selling it at 7$ that's probably the price of one box of tobacco which probably makes around 100-200 shisha with the quantity you guys put.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
5	It's always a pleasure to go into the best hookah bar in Montreal. Amazing staff, wonderful selection of top quality tobacco and a fun environment where you can have some drinks, or even some delicious teas. Overall an exceptional experience for anyone looking for a relaxed environment!
3	Good place with well-priced hookah and less well-priced tea. Sat outside and enjoyed the bustle on the street. The only problem is that you can't get a fresh coal when the first burns out, like you can at any other hookah bar, but you have to buy a new hookah.
4	I was looking for a hookah lounge that served alcoholic beverages as well as sheesha.  cafe hookah lounge did me justice. not that it's hard to find places to drink and chill in montreal, but the vibes at cafe hookah lounge were on point. The only complaints I have are the couches (way too hard and slippery) and the depressing music they play. Other than that, the hookahs are 8 dollars each, and drinks range from 6-8 dollars. very cheap.The hookahs are small, like 12 inches max. They use instant coals and cheap sheesha compared to the states, but for $8 a bowl versus $30 in the states, you cant complain. If you want a chill spot to catch up with some ffriends and don't wanna get too rowdy, cafe hookah lounge is the place!
3	Had some mixed experiences at the Cafe Hookah Lounge, so 3 stars seems the way to go.My girlfriend and I wanted a place to get some hookah and get our drink on at the same time, and stumbled upon Cafe Hookah Lounge after wandering around the Quartier Latin. The place is just a couple blocks from the Berri-UQAM metro station and is next to a lot of bars and food joints.The place is really nicely decorated. Low lighting, wooden tables with padded benches, trendy modern flowing-water-stands that change color, and a cozy semicircular bar. There is also outdoor seating too. Music is relaxing, chill, and doesn't sound like a club for drunk teenagers unlike so many hookah bars. But the best part are the three booths -- where you actually take your shoes off and get to stretch out on a large cushion. EPIC IDEA. Well the booths were taken our first time here so we slid into a table. Our waiter was pleasant and attentive. Hookah is very well priced ($8.75 a bowl) but the bowls are small, they do not last that long, and they use very cheap and smelly quicklights. Bleh. But hey, it's happy hour Mon-Fri from 4pm to 7pm and there are $3 shots and $5 cocktails so let's not get too down on the experience. Our drinks were on the weaker side, unfortunately.And then we inhaled that shisha. Ouch. Someone did not prepare this correctly, and the harshness made it unsmokeable. Having some experience with preparing hookah, I figured it was probably due to the tobacco having too much contact with the foil, but they did not give us any tongs to adjust the bowl, and the bowl was much too small for me to do anything by hand without seriously risking burning myself. A shame :( We puffed very lightly on this bowl and then left.Well the next day we ended up bar-hopping through the same neighborhood, and we decided to give this place a second shot. Hooray, a booth was available! We crawled in and ordered some drinks (splurging on the more expensive cocktails) and these were STROOONG. Better experience already. The hookah this time was very well-prepared and we smoked two bowls. I don't agree with the other reviews about the flavors not being too strong -- they are just about perfect for me. Unfortunately, our second time there, our waitress could not be more rude. Immediately after bringing us our first hookah and our drinks, she slaps a receipt in front of me and DEMANDED I pay her immediately. What? I can't, like, relax for two seconds? Um...okay....I hand her $25 and she makes change and gives me coins and then stands there staring at me, waiting for her tip. I stare back at her blankly. How could someone be this obnoxious? Awkwardly I give her $2 and she goes away.She did the exact same thing after our second round of drinks and our second bowl. Ridiculous.So, mixed experiences. Regardless, it's a nice place to hang out. I would return next time I'm in Montreal.
3	I'd compromise and give Cafe Hookah Lounge 2.5 stars if I could. But I'm giving 3 stars because of the priceWalking in, the place looked pretty blah. The only thing that made the venue look nice were the water bubble color thing, kinda like a lava lamp except without the lava but with bubbles. The crowd was very young, I think it was because it was in the college area. I'm pretty sure that my boyfriend and I were the oldest people in the lounge.We were seated by the server, and the seating wasn't very comfortable. The server came back to take our order. I wasn't going to get a drink but the server explained that everyone needs to buy a drink there. Okay, so I ordered a $3.50 bottle of water. The shisha was very cheap... about $8. There are solid flavors that you could get or either blends of different flavors which was pretty cool.When we got out shisha, we tried it but it wasn't working for some reason. The coal was lit up but it wasn't sucking any air. We notified our server and he promptly took away the shisha and brought us another one. He explained that we must suck the air instead of blow in it. No crap Sherlock, we know how to smoke a hookah. I felt insulted by him saying that but I just nodded my head. Then he stood around signifying that he wanted money for everything up front, so we paid him and he left.Overall, the experience could have been better. Oh well.
3	Cozy and eclectic hookah spot on the seasonally busy St. Denis, in December it is dead compared to the protest sized crowds in the summer. Came in here after my usual 6 hour drive up from NJ to relax a bit with the lady. Hookah was good and the service was ok, they should probably pay more attention to the hot coals as mine and the guests around me all had burned out coals with a server that had no apparent rush to replace them. My ladies mint tea was very good and piping hot, which actually annoyed me when I tasted my lukewarm cappuccino and due to my exhaustion could care less at that point to complain. Some nights it closes at 1am but we were in way past that to about half after and some people being seated around ten minutes to 1am if you think it's worth a shot stopping in late night. With some minor adjustments this place could easily be a favorite an d somewhere I'd recommend to friends or on my blog www.travelingcoco.com
5	Some people might not expect a very cosmopolitan ethnic hookah lounge tourism attraction in Montreal Quebec Canada. Cafe Hookah Lounge is a very relaxing nightclub hookah lounge to smoke flavored tobacco in such as Pineapple, Blueberry, or Lime, cozy ambiance wealthy feeling inside ambiance and outdoor patio seating. Spectacular area of Montreal to meet up with friends, acquaintances, very peaceful invigorating music, and unique hookah lounge environment. I might find some of Montreal's nightlife overrated compared to reputation, yet there is very easygoing nightlife there, and I didn't expect such a nice hookah lounge in Montreal in an extra vibrant unique neighborhood.
3	First off, don't be fooled by the price; it might say that the shisha is 9$ but it's 9$ per charcol.Technicly if you smoke a lot of shisha it would have cost you about 25$.  Nonetheless they have a lot of variety and options for the shisha. If you're from laval, you might want to go there with lower expectations.
2	My friends, my girlfriend, and I came here after a night that didn't go as we had planned. We walked past this place and decided to end our night in smoky bliss. The one great thing about this place is that it is open late, so you can get your fix after the bar on a night that isn't ending the way you had planned. Forever alone.We chose a watermelon shisha and waited for our hookah to arrive. The hookah that arrived is very small compared to those you can get at hookah cafe around town. It also came with only one quick light coal and no tongs to move your coal around. Now if I had my mothers heat resistant hands this wouldn't have been a problem. Seriously, those dishes are in boiling hot lava water and she's just scrubbing away. Anyways, we asked for tongs and they were brought shortly.The service was fine. Our hookah arrived in decent time and our drinks were served promptly.The place sorta has a dungeon look to it except that the big baddies in the dark are replaced with what looks like couples/bar hookups sitting with their faces real close to each other. These two could mean the same thing depending on your point of view. Blech.Surprisingly, I would go back to this place. Being the only hookah bar that seems open at this hour (correct me if I'm wrong), it's nice to be able to relax and smoke up after the bar. Most hookah cafe around town will serve a lot better though!
3	Variety of shisha and drink options.Inside is dark design.Helpful waitresses.Not giving more than 1 charcoal for shisha cuz head is small, need to get a new head if u finish and still want to smoke
4	Nice place just for hookah and drinks.  House blends were perfect and drinks recommended by the bar tender are a must.  Located on St Denise close to all the restaurants and Pubs.  Prices were great but be careful gratuity is added on the bill and there is an expectation to pay them more on top of it!  Loved the walking distance between the restaurants and everything was open til late.
5	The best hooka in Montreal. The staff is friendly and the atomoshorte is dark and cozy.
