4	Although I walked in with some hesitation (after a less than great stay at a Holiday in Columbus, OH) I am forever grateful for Chad who worked his magic and secured suites for my coworkers and I after a literal nightmare booking at the nearby Clarion (misrepresented on Hotwire).  This is the most fabulous H.I. Ive seen anywhere and the service is fantastic to boot.  This is a newly renovated space (used to be Best Western) but i love the lobby, the rooms, the free wifi, shuttle service, free breakfast and the fact that an elevator is always waiting for you in the lobby! If Im ever back in this neck of the woods Id be happy to stay here again. Keep up the good work guys and gals!
5	This is a review for Holiday Inn Express- Greentree (April 7th).It's the remodeled Best Western Inn. The new Holiday Inn Greentree is beautifully remodeled and closely located to all the fun in downtown.The rooms come equipped with a microwave & fridge! BALLING! Tired of take out? There's a Giant Eagle (grocery store) in walking distance! Can you say CONVIENT! Free breakfast buffet for the guest? SAY WHAT? Think P Diddy status when you walk though the door and everyone is your Fonzworth Bentley. When I return back to "the Burgh" I will definitely return back to this hotel!
4	This review if for the Holiday Inn-Greentree. I was traveling in Pittsburgh for work and picked this Holiday Inn due to it's proximity to downtown. I was not disappointed. This has been one of the better hotels I have stayed in.The facility is very clean and the staff is very helpful. You can tell they recently renovated. Their workout facility was great, which is a nice change of pace from the majority of the hotels I have stayed in. The rooms are very spacious and have a refrigerator and microwave. This is great if you don't feel like going out to eat. There is a Giant Eagle right down the street too.The hotel offers free wifi which has great speed and makes working from your room easy. There is a shuttle service that runs from the hotel to down town ever hour. All you have to do is ask the front desk and they will help you coordinate. They offer a free breakfast in the morning which is always great as well.The next time I am in the Pittsburgh area I will be returning.
4	Beautiful hotel exterior and lobby. clean, spacious rooms, lots of closet space, 24/7 fitness hours, extended pool hours 6am-11pm.   Great complimentary breakfast.  Close to tons of chain restaurants and fast food and a couple of family-owned italian restaurant (Vincent's was delicious). I loved the location, access to parking, convenience,  friendliness of the staff.  It was almost perfect!  The only downside (that's why 4 instead of 5 star) is that the rooms are DARK.  I had every light on and it was still pretty dark during a cloudy day.  It probably doesn't bother most people who will just come back to their hotel to sleep.  It is not too unlike other hotel rooms but it seems TOO dark. Not enough light to read from unless you are in the bathroom.
5	This place was great the rooms were clean and spacious the decor was modern and fresh the staff were all great and would bend over backwards to help anyway possible plus they had a free shuttle van to take you back and forth from the ball games
3	The good: -Comfy Bed. This is a priority in a hotel and HIE-PWG delivered here.-Powerful air conditioning- necessary for mornings after too much to drink-Breakfast available with decent coffee-Paul, their employee who worked at the front desk and picked us up from the airport. He was really friendly The bad: -The Price! $170 a night for a hotel not in walking distance to anything? Say what? -The tiniest hotel bathroom ever. They could have taken about 3 feet out of the room to add to the bathroom. It was weird. -My keycard to my room became demagnetized every time we left the room. I had to go to the front desk every time. No good. The ugly-The dried loogie on the elevator door that stayed there all weekend long. What, you're telling me not a single staff member got in that elevator and was grossed out by the dried phlegm at eye-level on the door? Nasty!
2	Hotel itself is adequate.  The 2 stars are for the hotel's internet connection.  I've stayed here twice in one week and both times were frustrating in terms of the Wi Fi. The connection drops numerous times in one session and connecting can be a chore. In terms of smartphones, don't even bother. My iPhone just refuses to fully connect and I've tried everything.  I stay at hotels continuously throughout the year  and this hotel has the worst internet configuration out of them all.The staff is great and helpful but as someone who travels for business, the Wi Fi connection is crucial to my experience.
