4	If you're looking to escape the hustle and bustle of Uptown, travel just a few blocks outside of the center city and you'll find the McGill Rose Garden, a hidden gem among an industrial strip of North Davidson Street. The historic Rose Garden is beautiful and a great place to check out. Be sure to stop into the Garden Shoppe, which sells works by local artists. The McGill also does art exhibitions in the garden and its own gallery crawls on select nights. Admission is free and you can take a tour of the garden for just $2.
4	The McGill Rose Garden is a wonderful starting and stopping place for the gallery crawls that they host. I've been to a couple of them, and they're a lot of fun. The gallery crawl is a great alternative night out on the town if you're finding bar crawling to be tiresome.McGill Rose Garden is a bit in-between uptown and NoDa, so it can be really peaceful there. Since admission is free, it's nice to take lunch outdoors there when it's not so freakin' cold.
4	A tiny oasis of charm and beauty situated in an old coal yard nestled beside a railroad track. Seems pretty unlikely, but the McGill Rose is a lovely little gem just minutes by foot or car from uptown. Everything the other Yelpers have written thus far is quite accurate! Neat little shop, great place for a quiet picnic lunch. And I'll add this.. the prices of their home-grown herbs are very reasonable. It's a treat to go anytime of year, but if you can, go in May during the roses' first bloom and you'll be transported to a little corner of heaven. Although I've indicated it's good for kids, unless they enjoy staying on gravel paths and looking at roses, I wouldn't recommend it for a play session, but to enjoy the outdoors and have lunch- definitely.
4	I got stuck at the train tracks fo like an hour, so I pulled into this lovely little garden. Actually, it's surprisingly big. Walk through the gallery and check out local artwork (mostly botanical subjects of course), then go out the back, which opens up to mirrored ornaments dangling from Willow trees, sculpture gardens, and, of course, roses.  Lots and lots of roses.McGill is perfect for a picnic, a stroll with that special someone, a place to take kids, and especially for refuge from that awful train!
4	What a jewel of a place in the heart of a busy, busy area.    Next door to a train track, this old coal yard houses many varieties of roses, herbs, bushes and trees.  Down back along the dirt paths you will find vegetable gardens with abundant squash, tomatoes and beans.  I was told by one of the gardeners that the coal enriched the soil so much everything grows quite quickly and very large.  There are benches along the paths to sit and rest and listen to the many sounds of various birds.  Check out the beautiful benches that were painted by the UMAR art students.  Stop into the gift shop.  They have very affordable and unique gift ideas that would satisfy any outdoor/garden enthusiasts.  While in Charlotte, take a break and visit McGill Rose Garden...I'm sure you will go back again and again.
4	Do you know that this is the only CITY park we have in Charlotte? That's what I was informed yesterday when I took mom here for a quick walk around. I live not far away, and I always want to see what it looks like in there. Somehow I never know when they are open. Yesterday on my way home, there were LOTS of cars and people, in fact the only time I have seen cars or people there.  It's a small garden full of roses. At the other end there is a children's garden which looks like they're growing vegetables. And next the the flower shop is a small area of herb garden. It is very quaint. They had some round tables with chairs set up under a tent, turned out someone had a wedding there the night before. I can see this to be a great outdoor venue for an intimate event.One interesting item: a train cart, sitting on a very short strip of abandoned track. This garden locates right next to an active train track, but I didn't know it used to be a coal station at the location. It's open during the week (3 days) and Saturdays from 10-4. And they said we're welcome to bring a little picnic.
5	Charlotte's hidden gem located near NoDa. Stop in and see Karisa, owner of Nectar florist. The history of the garden is amazing. It feels like you have stepped out of Charlotte and into a fairytale. I had my wedding there and I highly recommend it to everyone else too. Open minded to everyone and all ages. If you are from out of town, go here. Take a camera. Art, flowers, train car, its gorgeous. Their events are so much fun too. Mothers day always has something sweet going on.Go see this special place.
5	This place is simply amazing.  If you are ever in the area and looking to just past the time you have to pop in here.  It is actually a park for the city and there is a lot of history behind the actual site itself.The flowers are very nice and they have roses obviously but also lots of other flowers and trees as well.  The center of the yard has an old coal car from when the railroad used to be in service.Parking is easy with a gravel lot right out front.  They also have a few places to rest your feet with bistro tables and benches around.
5	Prepare for your mind to be blown. This is one of Charlotte's best secrets.It is on N. Davidson in an industrial/sketch area. You walk into this STUNNING garden with plenty of art. It is a delight. You feel like you are transformed into a new place. I cannot recommend this place enough. It feels magical. There are little paths that you can walk to with privacy. There is a large area to be in with a big group. We went for a rehearsal dinner and it was breath taking. I highly recommend going here.
