2	The food is decent. The service pretty much sucks. The whole time I was ordering two sandwiches the server acted as if she was impatient and was going out of her way to build my order. She could have at least tried to show some level of interest.
1	The staff is so rude words can't even express. If you hate your job that much find a new one dont take it out on your customers.
1	I wish there wasn't glass between me and the people behind the counter! They are so damn rude! I'd slap the crap out of them! Their lettuce was soggy along the my sandwich! Please do not support this shithole!
2	They opened the door 7 minutes late, with no apology. I went in there specifically for a buy-one-get-one-free promotion that was supposed to run all of April, but all their signage was for May (it's April 30) and they'd taken the promotion out of the computer, so there was no reason for my visit. I didn't get the deal. They rang up my sandwich at the wrong price. I got no receipt. The only redeeming quality is that they didn't skimp on the veggies like they usually do, but next time I'll just skip this store altogether.
1	They went out of thier way to ensure that the 6" sub was not 6".I'm not sure what the problem is with this location but it seems as if we are a bother when we go there for breakfast sandwiches.  Besides my wife needing to repeat herself twice, she still got hasseled by the crew, as well as the obnoxious teenagers that came in after her and did everything they could to cause problems.  Then to make matters worse, a bun was cut in half for the 6" sub, then another slice was taken off the bun to ensure that her sub was NOT 6".  See picture posted.  Guess we'll have to drive the extra 2 miles and see if that store has more compatent people working there.
1	I am only writing this in hopes that the owner/manager will see this and make some changes.  I am giving it 1 star for the food safety practices in this store.  One time I went and there was just one guy working.  He never changed his gloves from one sandwich to another, and more disgusting, after using the cash register! Gross!  Gloves do not make things sanitary if you are touching everything with them! Then while I was eating, and the only one in the store, he went outside to smoke!  When the next customer came in, I saw the employee follow him in after he tossed his cigarette, and then I watched as he just went back behind the food counter and just put on some new gloves, not even bothering to wash his hands after being outside smoking! I was so grossed out.  The next time I went there, I hoped they would have different employees, but it was still the same guy. Once again I watched as he never changed his gloves after using the register and from sandwich to sandwich, and money exchanging.  Not only that, but there was a huge puddle of water by the drink dispenser that no one was bothering to clean up.  they just had a caution sign. I tried to get a drink, and I kid you not, I stepped in about a half inch of water that seeped through my sandals and got my feet wet.  Finally that same employee went to go "clean" it up.  which meant he used a disgusting mop with black water to sop only some of the water up, and then he just left the disgusting mop and bucket just sitting there! And once again, after "cleaning" up the water, I watched him go straight back behind the counter, and put on a pair of gloves, NO HAND WASHING AGAIN! I wonder is there ANYTHING that could inspire this employee to wash his hands before handling food? I will definitely be skipping this Subway location from now on, unless I hear they get their food safety practices up to par with where any restaurant should be.
1	Employee was so obnoxious and loud that I could hear her in back they whole time I was eating my food. Awful customer service and not an enjoyable place to eat. I'll drive the extra mile to the rural and baseline location.
1	This Subway is dirty. The restaurant is dirty, the bathrooms are dirty, the employees do not change out their gloves as often as they should, the food does not "taste fresh"and the cookies are always burnt. If they are out of a cookie flavor they will not take it upon themselves to provide good customer service and bake them FRESH...without burning them. I mean seriously, how do you burn cookies?? This place needs management to step in and shape this place up. BAD
