4	No reviews here yet?  Wow.  Anyway, this 99 Cent location is inconveniently stuffed into an already packed strip mall with In and Out, and Chucky Cheese just to mention a few.  Once you manage to find a parking spot, the place hits the spot!  They have everything and more that you could ever ask for and all for 99 cents.  Any item I might need for around the house in a pinch can usually be found here.  Some of my favorite things no one thinks about for a buck are grill lighters, kitchen utensils, and cleaning supplies.  I've never bought fresh produce from here but if you want that, give it a go.  Me, I'll pay a little more for my food and piece of mind.  Check out lines can be long so I try to go earlier in the day.
4	If you are having a party and need some inexpensive decorations then the 99 Cents store is the place to be. Packs of two streamers. 99 cents. Package of 20 balloons. 99 cents. Plates, utensils, napkins. You guessed it, 99 cents. The kicker, they have plenty of colors to go with almost any color scheme.
4	I love the 99 cent store.  All kinds of stuff  even produce.  I always get our sodas here, I love the  Shasta soda here.  You can bet, if you ever see me here, this is what I'm getting.  4 cans for .89 cents. I'm an avocado lover, they have a 4 pack for .....yep, you guest it! . 99 cents,  Now, they don't always have them, but when they do, that's something else that you will see in my cart.
3	I only go there to get gum cuz I'm too cheap to buy it from walgreen, walmart, and some other.
4	When I enter a 99 cent store, I usually have one or two items I'm specifically looking for and I almost leave with a cart full of stuff. Luckily, since it's only a dollar each I don't hurt the pocketbook too much. This location is pretty well-maintained and organized. They are also well-stocked for a browser like myself. The parking lot is usually pretty awful, so I tend to avoid this location for that reason alone, but otherwise it's a great store to peruse inexpensive items for sale.
3	Who doesn't like to save money purchasing items at 99 cents (or cheaper)? That is the best draw this 99 cent store has and it's why I come here when I need to do my errands. It does have drawbacks, however, in both products and location. This intersection, even the parking lot, is very busy and there have been moments when people have almost crashed their cars into each other just trying to get out of a parking space. This can be somewhat mitigated if you park further away from the store instead of the parking spaces right in front of the store.Another drawback is that there have been plenty of times when the product is expired and/or heading towards rotten if you are looking at vegetables. Definitely check the expiration dates because I remember seeing frozen items that were 6 months expired but were still sitting in their freezer. As long as you are aware of it, the prices can't be beat and we all want to save money.
4	When you're on a trip and forget toiletries....toothpaste, etc....there's nothing like a 99 Cent Store to bail you out.  That was the case on a recent trip to Vegas.  We stopped by this store and was able to get what we needed for under $3.  I love it.The store was clean and the lines moved quickly.  The employees here are efficient, which is not always the case in these stores.Return Factor - 80%
4	I haven't shopped this location in at least 3 years, maybe even more. Decided to stop by after taking my mom to Red Robin for lunch.It is a lot cleaner and nicer than I remember from years past. All locations hold different gems and I found a few here during this trip. I only wish it were closer to home because I actually prefer this location to the ones I visit frequently on Marks and Warm Springs and the one on Eastern and Tropicana. I hate crowded stores and riff raff and this store has neither. I love being able to shop comfortably and freely and not feeling rushed. That was the experience I got during this visit and I will see if it is that way when I return again. Willing to go out of my way to try it again. I will have to say that the grocery section was lacking in comparison to other stores.
5	This store has everything, love coming here. The workers are average some are really nice others are just rude w ith no personality. This location always has great items that you can find in regular grocery stores. Love this 99 cent store
3	I sit here asking why I'm writing a review for the 99 cent store. Then I realize, why not? I come here often so why not share my experience with other yelpers?This place has name brand things for 99 cents!!! I don't know if I can say name brands on here, but they have them. You can find these items at Walmart for more, but why?? I don't understand why this place has a negative look. I come here and I'm proud to say I do:) So aside from name brand things, there are also things that are a great buy here...plastic utensils, gift bags/wrap and a huge variety of holiday stuff. I always come out of this store buying way more than what I intended. Plus I love people watching and the characters that come into this store provides for great entertainmentOnly reason why they don't have 4 stars is the lack of professionalism over the intercom system. "Yo (name) you got a phone call" "Hang up the phone, I got it""(Name), help me ring. Where you at"
2	It's alright. Some things are a great deal, others really aren't or are poor quality. I wouldn't recommend the batteries; they don't last long. I mainly come here to get the "oxy-clean" for my homemade laundry detergent. Sometimes I'll buy some snacks if I'm hungry because hey, it's only a dollar. The store is fairly clean, the workers I've interacted with are normally kind. You just have to be careful about what you're buying. It only costs a dollar, so the quality is not going to be amazing, but for some things it's alright.
4	I am pretty sure this is the only 99 Cent/Dollar Store that I have seen with produce.  And it doesn't look half-bad!While I don't frequent these stores because I'd spend way too much money here, every now and again it's good to go here for party favors, small bulk gifts, and even maybe some food products.The spices are a gold mine if you go on the right day.  I've also purchased a carton of West Soy soy milk here on a whim and it's got a good flavor!  Can't beat good soy milk for 99 cents, let me tell you.I often find myself chatting with the cashiers here, which is odd for me.  They're just so friendly!  It's a breath of fresh air.For the frugally ambitious, they do have carts.
4	This store rules   We go in to buy 1-2 things and leave with a basket full of items!!! Parking sucks because of all the old people being chaperoned into the goodwill store next  door. 99cent chorizo mmmmm
5	They have anything & everything. Household items, food, bathroom necessities, seasonal decor... You name it. Things are really a dollar tho... I want my penny back! :-/
