2	I had no idea what to expect here so I came in pretty open-minded.  Experienced YC goers dash in and out by the bar as you eventually find your lost little way to the grill.I got a little grossed out loading semi-frozen, rolled lunch meat into my bowl, smashing it down to allow for more room,and then repeating: load, smash, load, smash...and it didn't even smell all that appetizing, but I followed what the other sheep were doing.  Thank goodness there was tofu.  I ended up actually eating that stuff.  It's a first for me, liking the tofu over the meat.  Next, you add vegetables, pile them high.  (Not too high or they will be all over your tray)  You then look up at a board that has way too much information written on it and try to figure out the sauce-to-pile ratio.  My friend warned me to add more sauce.  I went a bit overboard on the sauce somehow, as the food was swimming in it after it came back from the grill.  You can't really complain when it's all said and done because you were the chef!  If your food didn't taste so great (like mine) then better luck next time, I suppose. (bye bye, $9)  You can get little fried noodles and other snacks to fill you up, and apparently there is a soft serve ice cream bar there, though it was closed for lunch.I will say, the iced tea there was very nice and if you are a Waponi Wu tribal member like my friend, they do have orange soda from the fountain machine.  The place is roomy and the employees were super friendly.  Just, go easy on the sauce and good luck!
1	Yuk. Will never eat here again. It was dis organized and food was undercooked and tasteless.  Honestly - that's really all I have to say about this place ... sadly enough!  Will not be going back.
3	A friend of mine told me a couple of months ago that this was one of the restaurants she liked to visit. I had never been, so I gave it a shot tonight. Some pros and cons. Con: the traffic flow sucks. It takes a little longer to place the order, especially if a family or first timer is in front of you. It only takes a couple of people to put the line out the door. In fact one family of 5 was in line and I was next, standing with the door open. For that family, it was $41, which I thought was a little high for what you would get. Pro: there were many options of meats, vegetables and sauces. So much so that staff members were in place to ask about my sauce preference and they made it for me. Con: I didn't like meat packing. That was kind of nasty, really. The meat is frozen and arrives in the oddest shapes. Put that down as a base and add vegetables on top. The bowl fills up quickly, so you take the tissue, place on top of the ingredients and pack down. Like I said, a little nasty. Pro: The food was actually pretty good - they stir fry everything for you and it reminded me of Jade Palace in Atlanta - back when it was good. Con: I saw everyone packing the ingredients down and coming away with huge, heaping bowls, so I followed suit - then I felt like a lard ass when my bowl produced a large and a small bowl of finished product. What am I going to do with two bowls of food? I ate the small one and took the large one home. Typically a to-go box is 50 cents, but tonight they were having a high school fund raiser, so the fee was waived. Thanks, kids! Another pro: for the second time in a week a waiter referred to me as "boss" when calling me. Third time and its a trend, right? The small bowl, one visit is $9, the large bowl just a dollar more - and an unlimited return trip bowl was $11. I am not sure anyone would make a repeat trip. Like I said, my one large bowl turned into two bowls at the end. Too much for a guy even as big as me to eat. Overall, despite the nasty meat packing and poor traffic flow, I was pleased with the experience. It made for a good meal and a box of left overs that most likely will get thrown out (but you have to bring it home because you think you will eat it, right?) and you can follow it up with a nice soft-serve ice cream sundae. I took the chocolate/vanilla swirl. Sweet!
5	I've eaten at YC's over the years and was so excited when this location opened.This location has a great bright dining area.  The manager is REALLY friendly and helpful and the place is always clean.If you have not eaten here, you are in for a surprise.  First, just get into it and have some fun.  You need to SMASH the meat down ALOT because it cooks down.  Have some fun with the sauces!Now that I've moved to SoCal I do miss this place.  YC's is MUCH better than the mongolian grills in SoCal.
4	Was craving noodles and stopped in here not knowing what to expect. Didn't realize it was a make-your-own-meal kinda place, but I still went with it. I have to admit, along with some of the other reviewers here, I was a little grossed out by the frozen meat and "packing" everything down in the bowl. However I did like the fact that I could choose whatever veggies I wanted. I went a bit crazy on the sauce (I REALLY like saucey food apparently) and went with 2 different ones (and like 4 ladles full between the 2) even though I didn't have any clue what they were. I was VERY pleasantly surprised with my concoction. It was delicious if I do say so myself. I got the food to-go and also got a bowl for my husband and used different meat and sauces for his, and he really liked his too. I'm not sure you can really screw up on this, unless you don't put enough sauce I guess in which case it could be bland? Go heavy on the sauce I say.... p.s. the meal comes with soup and I got the house special and it was awesome!
5	Total yum! This was a long time find for my Wife and I. When we lived in Oregon we LOVED Chang's Mongolian Grill and really missed a place with the same type of food. YC's has hit the spot finally! Great mix of ingredients and more than enough! I get a full on meal as I like to prepare and season it, Soup, Won Tons with red sauce and a frozen chocolate or vanilla frozen yogurt cone at the end. The only thing I wish they had are the little rice pancakes and plum sauce that Chang's had, otherwise it is a great place to eat and good for all family members young and old.
5	Come to Phoenix
4	3+ meals for $10.75? GREAT DEAL! Ask for your meal to go, so you don't have to pay 50 cents for take out box :)How do you get 3+ meals, you might ask? PACKING & SMUSHING! First, add some meat, and use the wax paper to pack down the meat all along the sides and the bottom of the bowl. Try to avoid empty spaces in between every piece of meat. Then add your vegetables, and smush it all down with the wax paper with each layer of veggies you add. Make sure to add enough meat and veggies so that your have a flat surface up to the brim of the bowl. Add lots of green onions for extra flavor.I recommend using the wheat noodles, because you can create a taller mountain of noodles and it's healthier!Advice for the sauce: ADD LOTS OF IT. Since you're now a packing queen/king, you can't use the recipes on YC's wall, either double up or triple up.Ask the nice Mongolian BBQ chefs to add pineapples and cilantro, and then when they finish cooking up your food, add some sesame seeds for that lil extra somethin somethin!
5	YC's is a great place to hit up if you have a hunger gap that is bigger then a normal restaurant can fill. It is a build-it yourself mongolian grill and the possibilities are endless for what you can create. No matter what you get, if you are smart, you can manage to stuff enough food in your $12 bowl to feed a small village. The trick is to use the bottom of another bowl to smash your ingredients down. They have been cracking down on that sneekiness as of late, but if you can get away with it, it is well worth it. Another important point is that they charge you 50 cents for a to-go box, but you will need one so just plan on adding that to the budget. Also, when you are building your meal, the red meats will be more flavorful and you will most certainly need to add more flavorings than the amounts listed on their ingredient list. Have fun because this place is worth it.
3	The concept was good but you need to learn how to get the things right...our sauces in spite of getting help form the guy turned to be very salty.Now if you ask for help for adding sauce and still get a salty food???I am not sure whom to blame. If you r an expert at adding sauces....best of luck.They had rice and chips but we were not sure how should we eat the rice with mustard?????I know people were very happy that they can stuff food for 12 bucks but you go to you local Chinese place and you do get 3 days of food for that money though.Anyways we did not have luck in getting the right food so we are not going back.
5	I love this place! It's one of my favorite places around. Realitively healthy and you are in control of exactly what you want. LOVE IT!
4	How can you go wrong..  Fresh choices of frozen meats including pork, chicken (white and dark,) beef, and sometimes fish depending on what time you go.  Pile on that huge choices of fresh vegetables.  Add to that the many choices of dry spices and sauces. Give your dish to cook and he grills it over a big grill.You control the portion. You control the ingriedients. You control the flavor. $10.75 which includes drink.  If you want unlimited, its $12.75.  Its clean, fresh and tasty. Yes, everything gets mixed together.  So if you are a person that needs your meal separated into sections, this is not the place for you. Want a nice change and fresh hot bowl, stop by.This is a gem that I had forgotten about until I was reminded recently by a friend.  And now it will soon become my regular.
2	Meh.I debated whether to rate YC's a 3-star (A-OK) or 2-star (Meh. I've experienced better) - and the 2-star description fits. Whoever rates YC's a 5-star has probably never been to Genghis Grill, which is far superior - a better variety of food choices and better organization on the seasonings. I had YC's $10.50 large bowl at lunch. It's way bigger than their $9.50 small bowl - I don't know why anyone would purchase that. I agree with a lot of the other reviews - smashing down your frozen slices of meat is unappealing. They have about a dozen different sauce types, but you need to mix 5 of 6 for every recipe - it was confusing. And they had dry spices, but no advice on what goes well with what. I think the dry spices are new because the employees know very little about them, other than advising to use them sparingly. You get a much bigger bowl than at Genghis, plus all the soup & rice you want, and your drink is included in the price. But with fewer ingredients and poor flavoring guidance, it may take several trips to YC's before you end up with a tasty meal. And the soup I had (they offer two types) was fairly bland. Whereas every meal I've had at Genghis has been delicious - I've been going there about once a month since first discovering it last year. It's like comparing fast food to real dining.
5	I'm not too familiar with mongolian food, but I do know that YC's is the only place where I've had that type of food. I've been there quite a few times, but I haven't really paid much attention to all the specific details while eating there. It can be really surprising what you realize when you pay attention to all of your surroundings when going out to eat. The price for a large bowl is 10.50, a small bowl is 9.50, for unlimited servings it costs 12.50, and for kids 12 and under the price is .55 times their age. The prices do rise for dinner but only by a few dollars (after 5pm), I think it's still completely worth the price because you get so much to eat while paying the exact amount given.  There is no need at all to worry about not getting enough to eat.Giving my experience a total score of of a possible five, it would either be a five or fairly close. I honestly enjoyed every bit of the food and the overall experience. The only downfall that comes to mind is the fact that there was so much food I served myself and I couldn't finish everything. You definitely need to know how much you want so you are able to serve yourself the correct portion size, not that this is always a bad thing though. There is no worry that I wouldn't have enough to eat. Also what really made the experience enjoyable was how good the food tasted. It seems really simple to make, and it is, so it's very unexpected when you go through so many choices and each time discover how wonderful it tastes.The bowl size that you purchase includes possible choices of being filled with whatever you choose. The meat choices were beef, pork, or light/dark chicken. You then choose any vegetables you'd like to add in, which included a variety of choices from peppers, mushrooms, to broccoli and more. You then choose which type of the three noodles you'd like and then top it off with as much of any sauce you'd like. If you think it's done and ready to cook then, you're wrong. Ater your bowl is completely finished you also have more choices of things to add as you approach the chefs. This includes different seasonings and spices to top it off with along with seeds or jalapenos, and even more!After I chose all my favorite things, I watched as the cook grilled my food in a very unique way right in front of me.  It was really interesting considering most places cook your food in the back. I'm not sure what this was called, but they take all the raw ingredients you choose and put them onto a big round, scorching hot grill. They will stir your personally chosen ingredients around evenly until they're cooked at the perfect temperature. This experience lets you quickly see everything you put in your bowl become a delicious masterpiece. The wait was less than five minutes from the time I walked in to when I got my food, of course this depends on how busy they are. Unlimited drinks are included along with a side of two choices of soup, two different kinds of rice, and chips (all included in any bowl size you purchased). The feel was perfect, it was very clean and the music/ lighting inside was just right. Being able to sit anywhere was nice because everything was spread out and not crowded whatsoever. The smells of the delicious food being grilled pleasantly filled the entire restaurant. The server greeting my sister and I at the door was very polite. Comforting questions were asked, such as "have you been here before", "how is everything tasting", and making sure there wasn't anything else we needed. Our server wasn't annoying about it, but it was very polite when he asked and how he asked it. Overall the food tasted really good. You choose yourself exactly what you want to get, so there seems to be little to no chance of disappointment. If you were unsure how to make something you know you'd like, there was a menu with about sixteen different combinations telling you exactly how to make something you might enjoy.  I think the strengths were obvious when going to YC's. All the criteria that I had expected turned out to be better. The environment wasn't how I expected it to be, but that wasn't a bad thing. It was still calm and enjoyable, which is essentially what most people look for when eating out. Like I said before, the food tastes absolutely amazing. It's very different, but it's also definitely satisfying. Overall, it was very enjoyable, and the environment had a lot to do with that. I honestly only have positive things to say about this YC location off of Power road. The service was more polite than expected and I guarantee I'll be back with an attitude looking forward to an experience as great as the last, along with the great food. With the reasonable price for so much of the amazingly delicious mongolian grilled food, I'm positive I'll be back in the near future for more.
4	First time at YC's, had been to other Mongolian BBQ style places, none as "upscale" as this. Most of the Mongo places I've been are in the mall fast food court, or in a small strip mall. This place made us go WOW as to how big it was and all the food you get for about $11 a person for dinner.To go boxes are 50 cents, super reasonable considering you can really cram a lot of food into your bowl to get cooked. I was actually shocked that they suggested you pack the food into your bowl to get more space! Staff was friendly and even helped us out with mixing the sauces.This place is super close to our house and we will definitely be back frequently.
5	Love this place.  The food is delicious and you get a lot for your money.
5	Ladies and Gentlemen,Boys and Girls when you go to YC's Mongolian Grill bring your feed bag on.This place has several  bowl sizes.to fill up your meats,fish and veggies up to the rim and beyond.. You add your own sauces and condiments the amount to your liking.. You can either add noodles to be cooked or there is white or brown rice already cooked. You can have all the soda you want and for desert they have frozen yogurt. I saw a man make a root beer float with the frozen yogurt.. It looked outstanding.I you want value and a great Mongolian meal, dash on over to YC;s.
4	My friends brought me here for dinner last week, I loved it!!  I've never had Mongolian BBQ before and I loved picking out my own ingrediants & flavors.  Next time I'll take more time to see what flavors they have as my sauce wasn't quite what I was looking for (needed more flavor).  I think this place gets PACKED though so not sure when I'll be back (hopefully soon!)
5	It was my first time trying this place today and I was super impressed. I drive past it all the time on my way to the airport and have always been curious. I was a little nervous because I've tried other Mongolian grills before that were set up just like this one and they have never tasted that great. I'm also allergic to nuts and no matter how many times I tell the people at other Mongolian grills...i almost always have an allergic reaction. I wish I got the awesome host's name because she was super helpful to me the whole time I was there. Whenever I looked like I didn't know what I was doing she would come over and help me out. I also wish there was a tip jar in front because I would have loved to tip her for her awesome customer service! This place not only had great customer service, but also great food! I got my food to-go but this is pretty much how the place works: you have different options on the size of the bowl you can get to fill up. I got the small bowl but it was enough for two meals for me. They have good meat choices, yes the meat is raw and cold but that is why it stays fresh! Then they have different veggies to choose from and 3 types of noodles. You pile as much food as you can inside that bowl and they actually encourage you to cheat to get more food! They give you pieces of wax paper so that you can literally smash the food down and fit more inside the bowl. You can pile it up as high as you want...just as long as it isn't spilling all over the place. Then there is the AWESOME sauce bar. You can make your own sauce by mixing them together, or you can follow their easy instructions that show you how to make specific sauces! I told the cook that I was allergic to peanuts and without hesitation he cleaned the entire grill for me to make sure I didn't get any traces in my food. I also got one box to take either brown rice or white rice home and to-go soup bowl for a side of soup (the spicy beef was soooo good) and a drink. As you can tell I was very impressed by this place and will be returning again very soon! Lastly, if the host with the brown hair who helped me today is reading this...You're awesome! -sincerely the really lost and confused Asian girl who had to ask you a billion questions.
4	One of the first places we tried when we moved here. Its a yummy place. Fair priced for what you get, drink and FroYo included at lunch.  They offer papers to push you meat ect down so you can really pile the bowl high!! Very filling meal! The only thing I dislike is that you have to mix your own sauce!! This sucks when its busy and especially when you have small kiddos with you, it takes too much time! They need to have sauces pre mixed. Staff is friendly and its a very clean restaurant all the time. One of our faves nearby!
4	This place is pretty good. It's always fun to make your own food. The staff Is pretty helpful too if you don't know what you're doing. The portions are pretty generous as well. My only complaint is that they make you buy a to go box for 50 cents. Seems like they could just give those out? Otherwise I love this a
2	I am a fan of Mongolian grills but this one creeps me out a little by not cleaning the grill between customers. They also wipe the seats and tables with the same towels. They don't seem to observe the same rules we're all taught.
4	Returned for a 2nd try - though went to the Southern & McClintock location this time.Had a much better experience - staff was more helpful, offering to mix a sauce to my liking and resulting in a dish was very tasty. Didn't notice the dry spices that seemed to be new to the staff last year. Overall I've raised my rating for YC's from between 2 & 3 stars, to between 3 & 4 stars, leaning toward 4 stars. Positives about YC's over their competitors: providing a larger bowl for ingredients, unlimited rice & soup, drink & desert included with meal (dinner menu). Negatives (in comparison to my favorite Mongolian grill): a smaller variety of ingredients, and having frozen sliced proteins rather than diced unfrozen proteins.
4	Always very clean, extrememly friendly staff and great food!!!! I'd u haven't been to ycs, its a must!! Staff is always willing to help u make you're own sauce or show u how to make their fav sauces for your bowl. And free ice cream!!! Cmon :)
4	What a great place. Affordable, great selection, and I love that I can mix up my own sauces.  Price includes as much as you can put in your bowl, soup/rice and drink. The only negative was that I had to pay .50 cents for a to-go container. Never have run into that before.
5	Best ever. Stack it high and create you're own creations. My favorite.. On top of food add 1 ycs own 1 sweet n sour 1 paneang 1 cooking wine 1 curry. In sauce bowl 3 ycs own 3 sweet 2 ginger 2 garlic 1 cooking wine sesame oil over the top and hot chili oil.You're welcome
2	The staff was friendly and nice. The food was also cooked quickly. The reason for my two star rating is simply the food is only worth two stars. I frequent restaurants in this food category and by far this place is the worst spot in the US I've eaten at. I was unimpressed with their sauces and their flavor on my stir fry/Mongolian BBQ. The food is very mediocre. However I will say for a cookie cutter restaurant and chain restaurant it was ok. Also stay far away from the soups. They were absolutely terrible.
3	Food is pretty good! I love the selection, and during the weekdays it's not too busy/crowded. Location is nice, service was good, prices are fair ($12 each). Lots of options to choose from for protein and toppings, plus the sauces are awesome!YC's is a nice dinner date night spot (nothing to impress a first date with, something to take the husband/wife to), but can get expensive with a large family.
4	I really like this place!  They make eating your veggies fun and easy.  Being veggie, I skip the meat section altogether (which has a good selection by the way) and pile on the cabbage, broccoli, mushrooms, tomatoes, and tofu - yum!  Then, there are several types of noodles and a huge spread of sauces, oils, and spices to add as well.  I think it's best to use a separate bowl for your sauce mixing and also make sure to grab a piece of wax paper to help smush your ginormous food pile down while you're loading to maximize space!A small bowl will run you about $10 and a large, $11 for lunch - prices jump up about $2 for dinner.  Your meal also includes soups, wontons, rice, and a drink.  I think they may also have an unlimited option - which scares me a little bit!  :/  Pretty good deal considering I always leave stuffed after eating just the small-sized bowl!One after thought I had was that this place might be problematic for people who have food allergies (poultry, peanuts, shellfish, etc.), as all the food is prepared on one of two large grills - which they don't really clean between customers.  Just a heads up!
4	I've been to the one at Pavilions in North Scottsdale so I think I'm a little pampered in that respect.  However, I wasn't disappointed in the least by the food.  What I always do is fill my bowl with meats of all styles!  Turkey, beef, fish, and smash it down with the papers provided.  PUSH heavily!  After that, I top it off with veggies, and it always gets very ugly but fun.  I smash smash smash and compress.  You can't get it wrong, you really can't.  Follow your heart, and put what YOU want in that bowl.  The sauces are the awesome part too!  This location lets you use a separate bowl for the sauces, which the one in north scottsdale didn't.  I threw what I wanted into the bowl, swirled it up, tasted it a bit to make sure, then went to the end and handed it to the guys to cook it up.  They did a good job, and the only real difference between the different stores is the presentation style.  The one in north Scottsdale is more presentation based and the seating is less fast-food style.  This store is quite fast-food style looking in my opinion, but that doesn't matter to me.  I ate my food, put it into a to-go container for lunch the next day afterwards, and I was golden.  Would I go again?  You're damned right.
2	We use to go to this place all of the time, until this past Saturday night when three out of the four of us ended up with food poisoning. I feel bad for posting this review, but for those of you who are reading it just be careful. We will never go back, which is a shame, but for so many of us to get food poisoning is not a coincidence. I'm just wondering how many other guests ended up getting sick that night as well.
5	This was great for a mongolian grill.  It was my first time and I didn't realize I should have shoved everything into my bowl a little bit tighter.  I'm glad I asked for help with my 'sauce' recipe, though it's great that they have them posted on the bulletin board above the grill.  We will definitely be back.  Good options, good price, good people.  It was friendly, clean and affordable for what you get.
4	I love coming here.  Being able to make my noodles the way I want is awesome plus the kids love it.  Very affordable too. It gets very busy around lunch time but the line moves fast.
4	This place is pretty good! Nice sitting area and good selection of meats, noodles, sauces, and vegetables to choose from. There's also a soup/rice bar. Under 10$ for lunch and you definitely will have leftovers!
5	The crew here is great ! I've been dining at YC's since 2000. Now that I have children and 1 with a peanut allergy cross contamination is always on out alert when eating out, we asked the staff about any sauces or cross contamination and they helped us out.I recommend any of the YC's Mongolian BBQ locations
1	Visited this spot tonight with my love after visiting Genghi's Grill a week ago. I was told that this place was better but I was heavily disappointed. There wasn't a good selection of meats or seafood. The sauces were all watered down so I barely had any taste to my food. The cook dumped a raw egg into my noodles (which cost an extra quarter, unlike Genghi's ) and cooked it for all of 30 seconds then thew my food with the raw egg still in it, in the bowl. To top it off, we watched another patron have to pay to get a to-go bag! I won't be revisiting this place again.
5	fantastic food. I haven't had Mongolian in years. this location did more than hit the spot. great prices.
5	This place is great.  I like how the chicken was cut in very thin....shaved flakes?  Anyways, I liked the thinness and I didn't have any qualms that it wasn't cooked enough or anything.  Tons of veggie options, and the girl working was so helpful when it came time to pick out the sauce.  The chef's favorite or YC sauce is pretty good.  Nice all around sauce, not too off the wall but still a good mix of sweet and sour and teriyaki.  I like both, so it was perfect.  The win tonight chips and ice cream cones are an added bonus!
3	The people here are super friendly. They definitely will help you out on how to make sauces and also any other questions you might have. I'm just a little surprised on how expensive YC is now. I haven't been here for years, so I'm not too surprised now. The only thing that kind of irks me is that they charge you 50 cents for a to-go box and it's not even the super big boxes, it's the small one like for Chinese takeout. That makes me force to eat everything on my plate and I would have love leftover Chinese food for the next day. Other than that, the food is still good.
