5	My name is Robyne and it is official I have (shhhhhhhhhhhh talk low and don't let everyone know) no more eggs... I have old eggs... I am no longer, never will be, couldn't even if I wanted ever ever in a zillion years breed again....  So this show was made especially for ME... its all about me....  It is so funny and so well put together.  The magic of their writers have taken several songs that all of us "over 50 non breeders know" and have somehow just mixed a few of the words to really reflect how it feels when you are going into, through and completed menopause.  Take for example one of the songs... Remember this old tune "Puff the Magic Dragon".... now I know a bunch of you have just started to hum it in your head...  well they have changed the title to "Puff, MY God, I'm Draggin"....  and this little diddy by Cher "You've Got Me Babe"... well with a few slight changes to the title and adjustments to the words of the song you got yourself a whole new title and song that is "I'm No Babe".Really honestly if you want some good fun and a 1 1/2 to be able to laugh at yourself, your mother, a sister, a wife, I highly recommend this show.
4	This is funny (I enjoyed this as much as my wife did). A fun and affordable show.I'm having a heat flash, a tropical heat flash (one of the songs).  Another enjoyable musical.
4	This was a fun evening. I'm not menopausal(yet!) so I couldn't personally relate to the issues the musical jokes about, but I could see that others were laughing (sometimes hysterically) at the depictions of  hot flashes, forgetfulness, mood swings, prozac dependency, lack of energy and other issues.  The actresses were very good, and were quite personable.  Some of the songs performed were very clever and had me laughing.  As for the cabaret, you get a program and a  magazine.  When you order a drink, you can order it in a Menopause glass for about $12, which not only gets you a souvenir glass, but also gets you more to drink since the regular-sized glasses are smaller.UPDATE: By the way, don't put that souvenir glass in your dishwasher  or you'll find purple cellophane-like peels in the drain.
3	I wish I had read Suzie Q's review before deciding to see this show, but my hotel didn't have any wi-fi and I wasn't going to pay to use the internet in my room.In any case, this show is definitely for an older crowd who have either experienced "the change" or are going through it. It is funny and the actresses are great, but it is hard to relate to at least for me.
5	I love musicals and this was a good one to see. Its great for the older folk but also entertaining for the young. The music is a parody of the 60's 70's and 80's and it's really funny. I think everyone will enjoy this performance, a great musical!
5	You gotta see this.  It has to be one of the funniest musicals I've seen in a long time.....  and with half price tkts this is a great deal.For fans of the 60's music, this brings back great moments of the past with the laughs on menopause.  The gals are great singing, dancing and acting. A deal in LV.
1	This will be short since we didn't get to see it all - we couldn't stay longer.Avoid this show - terrible, borring, I totally wasted my money.I guess you either have to be going through that or have gone through that to get it...
4	I must start off this review by saying I normally get very very bored during plays....maybe because I am not sophisticated or cultured. NOT MENOPAUSE THE MUSICAL. I was laughing the whole time....even though I'm only 30 and I still have many many (God-willing) years until the change of life happens.  I decided to take my mom and little sister and we had excellent seats (the theater is small so most seats were good). We grabbed some goodies which were not horribly priced for a Strip casino (think a little less than movie theater prices). I had the Mood Swing cocktail with a bit of peach schnapps added. It was delicious and large for $10.  We then hike to our seats and were pleasantly surprised how good they were. My only complaint is that there are no aisles so everyone has to stand up to let you get by (it was tough for the older audience members). The show started and I laughed and enjoyed the older song parodies. The performers were great and very natural (especially the soap star and the Iowa housewife...she was my favorite). The song that brought down the house was "Only You" and "Good Vibrations" where they were referencing lack of sex drive. It made me laugh the hardest. Overall...I would go again but make sure you bring someone who is going through or has been through the change of life. They will appreciate the good laugh.
2	4 woman musical show, centered on "the change", supposedly enjoyable for men, but not so much for me.  I found several funny moments, but it could have been about half as long and made it's point.  The hot flash jokes got repetitive after a while.  Some of the numbers (mostly adaptions of 80's music) were excellent and well sung, others were just ok.  If you get a discount on the tickets, it's probably worth it to see what they're talking about.
5	We just got here to Vegas, and this is the first show we have seen.  We did get discount tickets and they were more than worth the price for this phenomenal show.  I haven't been through "the change" so the show was targeted to a bit older audience, but it was wonderful anyway.  The four women performers are just amazing in every sense of the word.  They are truly professional performers that are phenomenal, each in her own very special way. These women were truly inspiring.  They got a standing ovation from the audience, which was a mix of men and women, mostly over 40.  I enjoyed every minute of this show and highly recommend it, especially if you can get discount tickets.  So much fun!!
2	The concept for this show is great, and it could be hilarious.  But, one of the actresses, Lisa Mack (playing the professional woman) is such a terrible actress, it's impossible to get past her hamming it up and just enjoy the show.  The song adaptations are funny, but the singing in this play is NOT at a professional level.This show needs to be re-cast with professional level actresses who can actually sing!All in all, I kept thinking, "This is like a bad high school production!"  This show definitely is NOT worth $60!
3	It's alright!I personally think that it is too expensive for what you get. I enjoyed but my mum who is a woman experiencing menopause didn't like it. Could be a tiny more fun and less cheesy and I think would get an extra star.
5	Saw this last night with my hubby. We loved it. I haven't laughed so much in a long time. Really enjoyed the music, 50's & 60's. We had great seats for $45/person. There was a special promo price through the box office at the Luxor. People from 20's-80's were enjoying it
1	We walked out which puts this play in the same category as the only other play where we left early, Cats. I have a dry sense of humor and a quick wit, but I can't say that this play was remotely funny. Jokes were predictable, repetitive, and the music was shrill.
5	Every woman over 40 should see this show!  We saw it tonight and it was absolutely a HOOT!  These four very talented ladies put on a show that will have you laughing, smiling, clapping and moving from beginning to end.  And there is an uplifting, positive theme about being a woman that just puts a gold star on this production.  I had a hot flash during the show, but just fanned myself through it while laughing.  Excellent show!
3	Mother, sister & I enjoyed this show. We laughed and sang along with the rest of the audience. Intimate theater. Loved the musical parody!
3	Not in my 40's but this show is pretty funny! Wonderful singing from the four actresses and they even made sure the audience was engaged by coming out in the show to sing.  Always a nice touch!The theater is very small and the seats are such that there is only one-way in and one-way out.  Definitely use the restroom before the show begins as there isn't one in the theater and you will have to go back into the Luxor in order to release yourself.  Major inconvenice I would imagine...especially for an audience of the over-40 crowd.
2	I heard this show was so funny & I was disappointed when I could not go with some co-workers during it's run in San Fransisco...so on my "free night" in Vegas I saw that the 1/2 price tickets had tickets available..my sis-in-law & I decided to go with our hubbies....she loved the show (she is a bit older than me) ...I  didn't...maybe I am not old enough to relate...or maybe I was not in the right frame of mind...the show was cute but not the belly buster of laughter I was hoping for.    There were some very funny scenes- but I guess it just wasn't the show for me.  I am just glad we didn't pay top dollar to attend this one.
5	It is such a fun show. It is so well written, music is very catchy and the performance was excellent.  I laugh so hard.  It is a must see show.
3	Fun show. Some disturbing scenes. One of the performers, i believe lost a lot of weight or something (flabby arms... was kind of, disgusting in a way). Four main performers. Majority of crowd are in the 40+ age range. I believe my group was probably the youngest people there.
4	Great for the over-40s (which I'm not) and women who have experienced "the change" or going through it (which I'm not!).  My parents wanted to see this with me....I must wonder why: to educate me on future biological phenomena?  Anyway, I actually had a good time, to my surprise.  General outline: 4 women going through "the change" meet and commiserate together through song and dialogue in Bloomingdale's (the setting).  The songs are familiar, as they are some of the biggest hits throughout the 50s-80s; the words have been modified to reflect various aspects of "the change."  The musical parodies were smart, the singing was mostly on a professional level (one of the singers is Paige O'Hara, best known for singing the part of Belle from the film "Beauty and the Beast"), and the comedic acting was pretty good.  The audience definitely enjoyed the show, judging from the hysterical laughter emanating from most of the theatre.  There is no intermission, but the show is only about 90 minutes long and moves quickly.  I found the sound level on the loud side, but I'm guessing that wasn't a problem for most of the audience.My parents enjoyed the show and found the last 2 numbers particularly amusing (let's just say that those songs revolved around, er, mechanically-enabled self-loving).....I found myself cringing a bit to my parents' amusement and my chagrin.  ;P  Definitely take advantage of the locals' discount which is advertised online (google "Menopause musical locals discount"); at the time of this review, I paid about $35/ticket.
5	Can't remember when we have laughed so much! This was one of the best shows I have ever seen. Came to Vegas to celebrate turning 50 this year and this show was a must. Can't recommend this show enough!!!
4	This show was really funny- for guys and girls!It centers around four very different women spending the day at a mega shopping store, going through the floors, bathrooms, and cafes talking about Menopause. They use popular songs, but change the words to express their hate of Menopause and what it does to them. Each woman has a different take on her life and how it has effected her, but in the end they bond over their shared experiences. My favorite had to be the business woman! She was so hilarious and energetic. I would recommend this to anyone who has a open mind though, they do talk about sexual things, and if you are tight lipped haughty about it, don't see it.
5	Funny, fast paced a great show! Hubby enjoyed it too.  The black actress was so funny! Really talented cast, live theater is dying in this country, so support it when you can.  Many discounts available so look around. Show is 90  minutes long with no potty breaks, so go before! You older women know what I mean! Every seat is a good one!
3	Very entertaining!   Backdrop is a multi-floor dept store and four ladies (going thru the  "change").  Numerous popular songs, from different genres and time periods, were updated with menopausal related phrases.   Very entertaining ... show was about 90 minutes  (no intermission) which I thought was 30 minutes to long.
4	We had a great time at this show as all of us being over 40! We were with our husbands but they were laughing too! I found the beginning to be more on the cute side but it really picked up in the middle & I couldn't stop laughing throughout the rest of it. These women are such talented singers. I was at awe and impressed with with how they carried themselves as singers and actors. Definitely would recommend. The staff is wonderful and pleasant. Thank you for all the laughs and I'm glad I didn't wet myself...yes, girls be prepared!!! Lol.
5	What a fun show! The lyrics to all the familiar songs are hilarious. Men would enjoy the humor too! My mom loved the show as well. Even though my mom didn't entirely understand what they were saying, she was laughing the entire night. Their facial expressions and their dance moves are cute and funny.
5	This show was hilarious.  I could not stop laughing....my abs were sore!  We are a couple in our mid 30's and we were the only ones under 50 in the joint.  We know the director so we got comp'd,  we would have never gone otherwise......we would have missed out on a great night!
2	People were telling us they were laughing so hard that they cried.  We didn't experience much laughter or tears.  Not sure if it was because we could not relate to it.  This show is for 45+.
5	I loved the show!! The showroom is pretty small so any seat is a good seat honestly. Many of the songs used in this musical I've heard and I know and I find it cute and awesome how they changed the lyrics. Obviously, if you're looking for amazing show that will blow your mind,  isn't it... But if you just wanna have fun, go out and watch something and have a good time: this is the show. I was laughing from the beginning to the end and I kept wondering what was gonna happen next. You don't have to be 45 to watch this show to understand menopause and to laugh, you'll laugh either way with the lyrics of the songs and the scenes.
2	Was disappointed in this show. It got a little better towards the end, but overall it just wasn't very funny. The singing and dancing was pretty uneven. I'm at the age where I should have related, but I didn't enjoy it. I brought my husband, and had to apologize when it was over for dragging him to it.
5	fantastic!!!!!!  :-D  It was really beyond awesome.Enjoyed it so much and especially with my great friends Sheila McCrory and Joyce Judge! Woo hoo   :-D
5	great effort these guys were amazing
4	Sadly this show is closing on 1/18/15But if you get a chance to watch, do it! The show is about 4 different ladies all going thru Menopause, each have a different reaction to their menopausal symptoms which is what makes it so funny.There is an older cougar celebrity, business woman, a hippie, and a stay at home country mother.
