1	So I used to have a great Dr. at this practice. Dr. Ashish Sharma. He was my Dr. for 5 years and always listened to me and made suggestions for my ails other than medicine. If that didn't work then we would move to the next level.He moved out of state and it was coming time for my annual physical so I called again since I was a patient of this practice and my OB had also recommended Dr. Metzger. I had to make the appointment in October to be seen Mid November which was a little disconcerting but I figured hey she must be worth the wait.Then 2 days before my appointment they call and tell me she is no longer taking Dr. Sharma's patients! 2 days!! I had already put in the time off work and was gathering up my info on items that had changed. They told me to call back and they would make me an appointment with another Dr. in their practice. Um, No. If that is how you treat long time patients here I will go elsewhere.
5	First of all I love the fact that when I call to make an appt. someone actually answers the phone.  I got an appt. the very next day with my favorite dr. (DR. MCANALLEN).  I waited maybe 10 minutes at most in the waiting area.  The exam room was pleasant, filled with my doctors family photos.  Dr. McAnallen listens to everything I have to say, lets me ask all the questions I want, answers them to where I would understand.   He also is not a fan of prescribing pills just because he can which is huge in my book!!
1	If I can give this place negative stars I would. I selected this location as my primary care provider because it was close to home. I have visited this Dr office 3 times and 2 of my 3 visits resulted in extremely long waits and no consideration for other patients time what so ever. Let me just say that my visit today was just to get some blood results in which I already knew what the results were so I only anticipated my visit to take 5 mins. I also want to say the Dr I was assigned to was Dr. DeBellis. On my first visit I felt that the lady who checked me in treated me as if I was impeding on her time. But after completing the necessary paperwork and a couple returns to her desk she warmed up to me. The 2nd visit I waited 45 minutes to be seen by the Dr and by this time the front counter clerk noticed I had been waiting extremely long. My 3rd and last visit (today 08/27) my appt was scheduled for 11:15. I arrived 10 minutes early for my appt and upon checking in the front counter lady advised me that the Dr was running 20 min behind and said that I shouldnt be waiting as long as last time. I figured ok I can handle that. Well I had kept myself occupied on my phone for an hour and noticing there was me and 2 other people in the lobby before realizing I had waited that long. So I asked another office asst what the delay was and that I had been waiting for nearly an hour. All she could tell me was I was next. 15 mins later (now waiting an hour 15 mins) I approached the counter again demanding an explanation why the Dr was taking so long. All she could tell me was that the Dr had 3 other patients waiting and that I was next. At this point I was losing my patience and asked if there was a nurse, nurse practitioner, or office manager I could speak to or if another Dr could give me my results. Needless to say no one was available. It was then suggested to me that I reschedule my appt and then I was told my appt was scheduled at a bad time. (Wtf?!? And mind you I waited 5 weeks for my appt). I finally am told that the dr would see me in his office. So waiting yet again by this point it is now going on an hour and a half the dr finally comes in all upset with me and said that he has emergencies! I told him if these people have emergencies than they should have gone to an emergency room and that I had been waiting for an hour and a half for an appt I had sheduled at 11:15 in which  I arrived early for. Then he asked me if I had lab results and I told him thats what I was there for. Then he yelled back at me that he didnt deserve this abuse! He read my results off a printed report and I told him I wanted to talk to the office manager so that they can better manage his time. I asked the dr why another dr couldnt have just read my results. So long story short I apologized if I seemed to be abusive toward him but it was unacceptable that I have to wait an hour and a half for a five minute visit.  His answer was something along the lines that he didnt make the rules. (wth? Someone couldnt read a piece of paper to me?) lastly I waited another 5 mins and talked to the lady who checked me in and the last thing she told me was that Dr. DeBellis always runs late and that I could change drs who runs pretty on time. Sorry this a long rating but seriously? As soon as I walked out I called my insurance and changed my primary car provider to a different office altogether. First of all I dont care what kind of insurance I have drs get their payment either way and I could have saved my silly $5 copay for them to either call me with the results or pay the f'n 49cents postage to mail me my results! Second of all Dr. DeBellis ALWAYS runs late?!? I dont care how much of an amazing dr you are, learn some time management!!! Doctors should appreciate that there are people like me who have taken the time and effort to educate myself and lead an active healthy lifestyle to keep myself healthy so they can attend to the more serious conditions that others suffer! Plus the insurance companies should be paying me since I am the minority who keeps the premiums low and allow them to cover those with more catastrophic illnesses!!
3	Defiantly not ok with waiting 2 hours to be seen. I was a new patient so i get needing time to do paperwork. I would have appreciated an update while sitting there is the doctor was so behind. I was told my the front desk the best appointments are in the morning around 830 or 1pm. I will remember this next time when booking an appnt as mine was at 1130. I have had a horrific time finding good doctors in NV and I saw Dr Kubal which was a blessing. I was on the verge of walking out and asking for a refund cause I waited so long. Luckily the doctor spent a good amount of time with me, refilled prescriptions needed, listened to me and overall seemed to care about my health. His nurse was friendly and caring as well. This place just may need more communication with the front and be back end and it could be top notch.
1	Dr Mcanallen is the worst Dr I have ever been to. It had been three years since I had last seen him and now i remember why i stopped going. All he talked about was where i had been for the last 3 years. He was rude. He didn't explain my results of the MRI just read them off in terms I don't understand,  didn't address any of my concerns, didn't even schedule a follow up (which doesn't matter, since i will NEVER go back). He seemed more upset that i had gone to an urgent care first (which i had to do since it took two weeks to get an appointment with him.) He has the WORST bedside manner and he brings student doctors in to watch without asking if it is ok with you. I would not recommend him to ANYONE. Save your money for a doctor who actually cares.
1	Left a message to speak with the manager, Sarah, no return call. They have moved offices without any notification to me, a long time patient. DR. KUBAL  LEFT, NO NOTIFICATION!!!! I guess they just broke up with me???If anyone LOVES their Dr....I'm looking!!Eastern/ Horizon Ridge Area. I NEED a Dr. So does my Mom. I worked in the Health Care business in Chicago for 20 yrs. I have NEVER experienced such shaddy service in my life.Shame on you all!!
2	So, had to bring Mom in for Labs, found the new office, thanks to the professional signage. Also,  found out that they merged "bought" Dr. Melli's practice...Much of the staff is still here. We will give Dr. Goldman a try. As I sit in their gigantic waiting room, an indication the wait times aren't going down any time soon, I am noticing that the Drug Reps are already pestering the Drs and bringing lunch...it's a good thing THEY were notified of the move!!!I guess notifying the patients, far down on the to do list. They did have to make signs after all.
4	Only waited about 15 min. for the Dr. She is from New York, new to the area. We will give her a try. I did get the opportunity to speak with Sara the manager. I found her in her office located next to the Check out area. She said she had not received any of my messages because they were experiencing problems due to construction. She did say it was the Administration, Larry Preston, decision not to inform patients when Doctors leave the practice. And that sending a mailer with their new address would have been too costly.I feel so special!
