1	So we checked out this pizza place.  Used to be another business (Pizza Oven) which was awesome.  The pizzas are similar to the old ones, but a little different and definitely not as good. (Thats why the current website takes you to the old owner's website)The only plus to new ownership is the LOW pitcher prices ($6 capital amber, spotted cow, etc)The reason they get 1 star is service....simply AWEFUL!  The hostess/waitress Diana is a terrible excuse for a worker.  The new setup is so messed up, you order at the front counter/hostess stand with Diana, but there are NO prices on the pizzas, the menus which you have to ask for and can look through at the table also have NO prices. Sooooo it required us to continually ask and walk up to the counter to the hostess/waitress stand to look up a price/size that we were interested in.  Keep in mind we had never been here before, so we had no idea on prices or sizes of pizzas.  Thus a lot of questions.  Additionally, EVERYONE has to order at the counter (hostess stand) so lines form and people get annoyed, but shit there is no other way of getting pricing and descriptions of pizzas.  How about you hire some waitress' to service tables?  Basically, the beer prices are great, the total setup with the new owners is sub-par and the ONE waitress/hostess trying to service everyone is just dumb.  Steer clear til they figure it out!
2	It gets two stars for it's two stars.1. The ridiculously great bread sticks and sweet cinnamon sticks. I will go back for these again alone if someone wants to go here.  They are light and tasty and could be sold by the dozen.2. The great staff. We all thought that the lady who was helping us was not only adorably sweet but rocked her shape-ups well. The pizza isn't anything special. The salad bar leaves much to be desired. I could see the location being a great hang out for a game with the open space and high top tables. It's on the brink of mom & pop meets college bar.
4	So this place gets four stars because the staff has been great, the drinks are cheap, and the pizza and wings are exactly what you'd expect.I bought about 4 rounds of drinks and food for 6 people and dropped maybe $60-70 max.The place is usually pretty relaxed, and the bar staff are quick to help you and they make a nice strong drink as soon as they recognize you (or you tip them well, like at most places).The food does leave a lot to be desired, but you're making a mistake if you're going to Dahmen's for a nice sit down dinner.Dahmen's is a fun little bar that just so happens to serve pizza and good breadsticks.
3	Visited Dahmen's twice with co-workers this week - if you're looking for super high quality gourmet pizza or authentic New York/Chicago/Neapolitan pizza, look elsewhere.  If you're looking for fast pizza that's better than Pizza Hut and the "box store" brands, Dahmen's will fit the bill.  Unfortunately, the lunch buffet leaves much to be desired... here's the scoop.Tip: Arrive after the lunch rush - aim for a 1pm arrival time.  Why?  Because from around noon until just before 1pm, the kitchen cannot keep up with demand for the buffet.We arrived earlier in the week at about 1:00pm and found a restaurant that was largely empty.  The super friendly host charged us for the buffet (which includes a soda in the price), and asked if the kitchen could cook anything special for us on the buffet.  We asked for a bacon cheeseburger pizza, and he said, "Sounds great, I'll have them put one out for you."After we put in the request, we made our way to the buffet, which had 3 pizzas available to choose from; nothing too extraordinary.  There was a smittering of mac-n-cheese left, and a few "splotches" of lasagna.  The salad bar was well stocked, but some items looked as if they'd been sitting out for a bit.We nosed through the buffet; I grabbed a slice of meat lovers, a slice of a mushroom/onion combo, a breadstick, and a small scoop of mac-n-cheese.  The mac-n-cheese was gluey and lifeless, but the pizza was shockingly good.  The crust was thin and just slightly cracker-like, but with enough flex to offer some chewiness.  Sauce was slightly sweet, cheese was "there" but not overwhelming.  The mushroom/onion combo was by far the best of the bunch.The breadstick had a slightly yeasty flavor, was crispy and buttery on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside.  No marinara/dipping sauces available, but it was good on its own.Our bacon cheeseburger pizza came out a bit later and it was fresh and pretty tasty.  The hamburger wasn't anything special, and the bacon was a bit sparse, but all-in-all, it was passable, especially for a $8 buffet.We sampled a cinnamon stick, which was good, and then called it a meal.  Score one for Dahmen's - not great, but not disappointing by any means....fast forward to this Friday...We arrived at about 12:15pm; the restaurant was full of people - I counted 38 people at various tables, and ZERO pizzas on the buffet.  The kitchen was obviously struggling to keep-up with demand.We had the same friendly host who took our money and asked if we'd like to see anything on the buffet.  We asked for another bacon cheeseburger pizza and he said, "Can do!" We found a table and then watched as the kitchen brought one single pizza to the buffet area.  What happened next was almost savage - if you've ever seen an Animal Planet video of leopards attacking a wounded gazelle, you'll know what I'm trying to describe...The pizza hit the buffet table where it was immediately and savagely converged upon.  Within 30 seconds (I'm not exaggerating), every single crumb of pizza was gone.  The dude who brought it out should've just thrown it in the air and ran - the result would've been prettier.We waited a full 20 minutes without any food before we had a chance to get to the buffet.  The kitchen would bring out six (6) breadsticks on a platter, and WHAM - gone.  Another SINGLE (1) pizza would come out on a platter, and POOF - vanished.  People were literally hovering around the buffet, waiting like vultures for a piece of pizza...So, on this second trip, Dahmen's = FAIL.  If you don't have the capacity to keep a buffet stocked, don't bother.  The buffet table itself is quite small; it can hold at most four pizzas.  When there's 40 people in the dining area, you're going to need additional space....We ate 3-4 pieces of whatever kind of pizza was available and left, feeling lucky that we still had our shirts.  Now I know how Justin Beiber must feel when he walks through the shopping maul (pun intended).So... in summary...- Decent quality "buffet" pizza at a good price- Arrive after the lunch rush (after 1pm is best)- Don't expect a life-changing experience in terms of quality- Good service- Good valueI'll go back, just not during the lunch rush.  By how folks were acting at this place, you'd think they had been on a 7-year hunger strike just prior to lunch.
2	When I order a pizza for carryout, don't tell me it will be 15 minutes if you meant 45.On the bright side, my wife really liked the pizza.  I'm not a big thin crust lover, and the pizza wasn't anything special.  It reminds me of the little cash only joints back at home where there was other "business" in the back.  The sauce is the best part of the pizza in that it's used lightly and has good flavor.The breadsticks are amazingly good.I think if I'd had better service, I'd have given 3 stars, but sitting there waiting for a lukewarm pizza really left a bad taste in my mouth for this place.
3	Not bad!!We went during Friday rush and had our pick of tables. They were operating on a "seat yourself, come to the bar and order" type style. I ordered the fish fry and my boyfriend got a 10" pizza. The menu was informative and provided prices for everything. The fish fry was just slightly better than pulling high-quality fish sticks out of my own oven. There were 2 pieces. It was okay! Skinny fries, small portions.As far as pizza, the toppings and sauce were good, the crust kind of seemed like dense saltines. Better than the fish, and I stole 2 pieces. This place gets three stars because the staff was super friendly and accommodating, service and food was quick.
4	Two words, Great Pizza! I have been in Dahmen's multiple times. There lunch buffet is great. They always have fresh pizzas out and a good variety as well. When I order delivery it takes the normal 30 min to arrive so not bad at all.I also like how they have the bar. Pizza and beer, what could be better right? There beer prices are very competitive as well.Dahmen's buffet over Pizza Hut buffet!
2	Stopped in one night during my business trip and had a medium pizza. Overall, it was ok -- but man did it remind me of Digiorno pizza, just cooked a in a better oven. Establish was nice, watched a soccer game and staff was friendly. Just not the best pizza.
3	The food here is pretty good.  It's not excellent and it's not bad.  The dinner buffet is cheap and it's worth the price.  They'll normally ask if you want something special, so if it's not busy you are pretty much ordering a pizza for yourself and can have as much of it as you want without having to have just the one pizza.  They have a little bar area which is cool, and all of the guys who work behind the bar are really nice and easy to talk to.  The Tap selection is very surprising and has alot of good beers.  It's a good change of pace when you want a nice calm meal.  It would be a great place to take the kids (They also have a games area).  It's fun.
5	Great pizza and WONDERFUL breadsticks! Good service too. All around good place. We'll be coming back for the White Pizza. :)
4	Alright, I don't want to be short here honestly but... all I have to say is Dessert sticks and all you can eat pizza buffet.... What more can you say? and the different types of pizzas? UGH sooooo goooood... It isn't anywhere really special but you better believe it is well worth any money spent...
1	Bad pizza, worst service of any restaurant I have ever been in. If you want to watch the employees watching football this is the place to go
4	Really good cracker thin crust pizza. It's a great place to go to just relax, eat pizza and hang with friends. It has the neighborhood pizza joint vibe that most would like.  There breadsticks are really good.
5	Always a joy to come here.  The owners do a fantastic job making you feel welcome.
4	I've been here several times now and I always enjoy it. I like the laid back  atmosphere and how you pay at the counter and serve yourself. The lunch rush is pretty large with a lot of high school students but that also ensures there's new, fresh pizza's being brought out to keep up with the rush. There's a huge variety of pizza's and also cinnamon sticks, breadsticks, salad bar, lasagna, Mac n cheese, and soups. The staff is very friendly, as well. I definitely recommend trying the buffet out! You can serve yourself at your own pace so whether you're in a hurry or not, you can be in and out or you can stay and enjoy yourself.
3	Went here because of a Groupon.  $14 for 14" five topping, bread sticks, and two pints domestic.  Great deal, great service, but for a pizza place the pizza was very sub par.
