1	I could not agree more with Jonathan.This shop has the appeal of a treasure trove, one thinks they will find a hidden treasure or something special!Alas one soon comes to realise that this is not the case. There is junk hanging from everywhere and the owner is particularly rude. He even told my Romanian friend after she refused to be the obscenely high price on a film camera (which I doubt worke) that " Romanians may be poor and gypsies but these are the prices we have in Britain". What cheeck!If you do however come here (which considering the amount of actual affordable anteaque shops in the City I suggest you don't ) then avoid the bicycles- they are dodgy, a lot of them rusty and in general unreliable.(and he wouldn't tell me where he got them from). You can try bargaining if that's your thing, but do not expect courtesy or politeness.
3	The sun was shining, the bikes were tied up outside, and I must've come in on a good day because it was alright!I am a total thrift mistress, so one man's junk is, to me, something I can transform into something beautiful. In theory I'm a lot more steampunk than in actuality, but it's nice to dream. It is, indeed, full of half broken articles and tangled necklaces. It's dark and spilling over with stock. All the good stuff, like a beautiful old grandfather clock and old tills, are peeking out underneath the mound of rubble. But it was like the Barras in miniature, so I liked it. The guy was really friendly when I was in, so I didn't have a bad time. He picked up on my Glaswegian accent and talked to me about both cities for a bit. He said he liked both, as do I, so no Glasgow vs Edinburgh debates thank God! They're boring!I hear what the other guys are saying-  places like this can seem a bit like a junkyard. I realise places like this have bric a brac turfed about but it's either for people or it's not. I like it.
2	It's really hard to think of what to say about this place. I was sort of stunned during the whole experience. As others have suggested, Le Chariot Express Shop is what amounts to a junk shop. Enter and you will find yourself surrounded by clothes, bikes, ornaments, jewellery, books and... stuff.I'm not sure whether Le Chariot Express used to be an antique shop and declined, or used to be a second hand jewellery shop, I'm just not sure. Either way it isn't really anything now. There isn't really any way you can enter the shop looking for something. If you do find something useful for it will probably be through luck.I understand this shop can appeal with its quirks. But I feel like the shop could be less overbearing and still charming.I have to say that the owner was friendly when I went in, but this seems to be very hit and miss from what I hear.
3	This is a shop that sells what you could really only call amassed junk.  Imagine a garage sale by someone who simply cannot help, but collect everything in sight and you'll pretty much have a good idea of what is on sale here.  You do get some items you would hardly expect to be able to buy and if you do want to have a look around the shop keeper will be more than happy for you to, just so long as you show enough intent in buying something.One warning I would have is that these are cheap second hand things so buy with the same caution you would use at a car boot sale and do not take it as given that the items on sale are as good as they could be.  From experience I would also say that you are better off buying any bikes from Bike Station rather than from here you get better quality assurances and they are better value for money at similar prices.When you do find something you like and want to buy the main thing is to haggle.  If you're British this will be a problem, but you'll want to do your best because there is normally a bit of scope for negotiation.
4	I used to be neighbours with the owner, he's a good guy! I don't think he's weird, he's just a normal guy who hasn't had some boss brainwash him into giving 'customer service' shtick.I looked everywhere for a big soup pot and finally found one in here. He told me he used to be a chef and we discussed soup recipes. I haggled the price down and I'm now the proud owner of one serious soup pot.
