3	Well, the main reason I wanted to try this place was because of its building.  It looks like a 50s style drive-in burger joint (cute tiny building) that is now a Chinese quick eats/take out/delivery restaurant.  The restaurant delivers within a 5 mile radius.  It also boasts using 100% vegetable oil and NO MSG.  The second reason I wanted to try it was because I saw on the sign (driving past it one day) that it served New York style Chinese food.We called ahead and ordered General Tso's Chicken $6.95 and Chicken w/Broccoli $7.50.  10 minutes later we picked up our food.  The inside was diner-like, a bit rustic and in some need of updating.  There might have been about five small tables to eat-in.  The kitchen where the food is cooked is almost fully exposed so you can watch all of the action take place right in front of you.  Calling your order in at a Chinese restaurant isn't really necessary since everytime you call an order in for Chinese food, don't they always say "okay, 10 minuss" (sic, please do not take offense, as I am Asian too--just silly!).  Anyway, we got our food home and dug in.  The portions were very large.  The General Tso's Chicken was "tasty" as my source called it yet "average."  My chicken w/broccoli was good but lacked the taste of ginger, garlic, and sugar (the New York part).  However, the broccoli and carrots were fresh and the chicken was all tender white meat.  When our bellies were full, our tins of food still looked full!  I also must add the white rice was perfect and I was told the fried rice was "good."This comment isn't meant to slight the restaurant but, I don't know if we'll order from here again, as there are WAY TOO MANY Chinese restaurants to try with Chinatown being so close to us!   FYI, this is NOT a late night Chinese eatery, they close @ 10:30 pm seven days a week.
3	decent fast-food style chinese/cantonese/vietnamese don't really know but it is damn good. super sheap Lunch specials, rice & noodles are always right-on and spicy is spicy. way too much food!!
1	What a mistake.soooooo disappointing. I decided to go inside to order & it looks like these people are actually living here. The kids wee running around , their bicycles parked in the corner, the TV blaring something on Cartoon Network and the people in the kitchen just laughing and playing around. I ordered the Beef & Broccoli combo, fried won tons and wor won ton soup. It came pretty quickly but once I got it home and tore into it it was just plain awful, the egg roll tasted like it was made of spoiled cabbage, the beef was thin & slimy very rubbery and I never even tried the broccoli or rice. The Wor Won ton soup was hot but everything was overcooked, the shrimp were tough & rubbery, the pork was missing, and the won tons were not cooked all the way too. The only thing good here was the sweet & sour sauce I dipped my fried won tons into. I would not go back here, Chinese fast-food should not be this bad.
1	Attention folks! Do you like hard, flavorless, uncooked boxed brown rice that taste like it was made weeks prior? Do you like ordering a chicken dish and it is mostly vegetables? Yeah! Awesome, then you will love this place then if you answered yes to the following questions! If half of your taste buds are in operation then please AVOID this atrocity at ALL cost! The only thing that are ok is their crab Rangoon's, other than that go take a big chunky dump in a bag and dig in, you would love that more than any entree from this place! Waste of money! Bad Bad Bad food! I feel ripped off! $13 bucks down the drain on garbage!Don't do it! Please...don't don't do it!
1	Truly dissapointed!!!I decided to stop by and grab some dinner on the way home this evening. BIG MISTAKE! EXPENSIVE PRICES FOR BAD QUALITY BLAND AND TASTELESS FOOD! I ordered the garlic chicken which was full of vegetables, very little and few pieces of chicken. This was more like garlic vegetables! The sauce on the chicken was the best part of the dish, just wish there had been a decent amount of the actual "chicken" in my "garlic chicken" dish! The crab rangoon appetizer was ok, thankfully as that was all I ended up having for dinner. I will NOT be back as the prices are outrageous for the poor quality "food" they serve. Most of my meal went to waste after picking out the few small pieces of chicken to eat. They give a big portion but is not really a big portion as is a small amount of the main course laid on top of a bed of bad rice.
2	Ummm - no, I don't think I will be returning. I should have read the Yelp reviews before coming in. The food is bland, absolutely not taste whatsoever. I actually asked for it to be spicey and still got no taste. Go figure.
3	pretty decent chinese food..had the garlic chicken combo plate and the fried dumplings.  Really enjoyed the dumplings and the chicken was pretty good.  I would  try them again.
4	Is it the best Chinese food I've had? No, but it's certainly not the worst. I got the General Tso's chicken for about $7. The chicken was good, there was adequate sauce amount as well as a sweet/spicy mix. The rice, I think, was made with chili powder of some kid because it was a little spicy on its own. Very good combo. I went through the drive-thru and only had to wait about 5 minutes. Overall it was pretty decent food and it was convenient. If you want a meal for less than $10 that is hot and pretty yummy, Chopstix is a good choice.
3	I'd been looking for a $6 lunch combo Chinese place near my job for a while and finally stumbled across this one. One thing I absolutely LOVE is that you can order online. So convenient! You can also choose the level of "heat" you'd like in your dish.My coworker and I got shrimp in garlic sauce and Mongolian beef, respectively, both with fried rice. Both entrees were tasty and served in large portions. The rice was nothing special; I wouldn't order it again. The eggroll included in the lunch special was subpar. We also got chicken teriyaki sticks (chicken breast strips on skewers, crispy, not breaded, not too saucy). An order of 6 crab rangoons came free with the meal, which were the biggest I've ever seen and delicious. All in all, I'd order again, but I'd stay away from the fried rice and skip the eggroll.
4	No it's not a fancy Chinese food but it's always fresh, fast, & tastes great. Plus I love that if you are a regular they remember your orders & being able to drive thru on my way home makes it even better.I love their Singapore Noodles, the Cashew Chicken, Chicken with Garlic Sauce, Sesame Chicken, and LOVE LOVE LOVE their Hot and Sour soup. Their spring rolls and Egg Rolls are really good as are a lot of the 'appetizer' items on the menu.
1	Absolutely the worst. Dishonest, and cheap.     We were hungry and my 7 year old wanted Panda, but I was in the mood for Cashew Chiken and Panda does not have Cashew Chicken. So I search on my iphone for a chineses fast food restaurant. Chopstix Express right across the street pops up.       The first thing I do when I walk in is ask "Do you have the lunch special still" to this the guy behind the counter replies no and points me to the combination specials on the menu. So I look at the menu read and ponder what else to get besides cashew chicken. After debate I ended up ordering mangolian beef and chicken lo mein also. After I ordered I look at the menu again and I noticed the lunch special on the back of the menu, everything I have ordered is couple of bucks cheaper, and that it is daily and ends at 3pm. So I didn't think of it much but that I probably just missed it, oh well!             It took ten minutes for us to get the food. When I get in the car and started to head home, I looked at the receipt and noticed that the time of order was 2:58pm. I called the store and asked why did he not give me the lunch special? To this he replied, that thats not true and the reciept that he has in the store says 3:02pm. So I make a U turn and go back to show him the receipt. When he sees the receipt he says "oh no the credit card time is wrong, and it printed the wrong time, and that I ordered at 3:02 and not 2:58pm.      I am like wow really!! "You know as soon as I walked into the store I asked you: do you have the lunch special. To this you lied to me and said no and pointed the combination special on the menu to me. You know that it took me atleast 2 or 3 minutes to read and decide what I wanted to order. So you telling me I didn't make it on time! You are dishonest and cheap. I will never order from you guys again!      To this he replies If I have to loose your businees than thats ok.!!! Wow I dont know about you guys, but for a business to lie so that they can earn $5 more from their customers, is just rediculous and wrong in so many ways. Oh and the food!! Everything tasted the same! The Mangolian beef, the cashew chicken, the chicken low mein tasted exactly the same! As if they cooked everything in the same sauce. And there was too much of that sauce.
4	We stopped here based on a recommendation from close friends and I can say that any negative review is emphatically incorrect.  We ordered Chicken and broccoli, Wonton soup, General Tso's Chicken and an egg roll.  The egg roll was fantastic.  The General Tso's Chicken had just the right amount of spice.  The Wonton soup was immensely flavorful.  All in all this place has a style of Chinese food as close to "New York" style as you are going to get out here in Las Vegas.  It's a total "hole in the wall" kind of place, so don't come expecting fine dining. They have a drive thru and picking food up seems easy enough. I totally recommend this place wholeheartedly and will return many times to sample the rest they have to offer.
1	CHOPSTIX EPRESS "NEW YORK STYLE", hmmm...So this is what "New York Style" chinese food taste like.  Umm no, not impressed at all, i would say this is the equivalent to CHINA STAR BUFFET.  If this is what New Yorker's are calling chinese food i feel sorry for them.  They are really missing out on some good eats, so sad.Ok, .so i ordered GENERAL TSO'S CHICKEN w/ fried rice and eggroll...never again- GENERAL TSO'S CHICKEN: the chicken in this dish should be so tender that you can cut it w/ a plastic fork. u need a STEAK KNIFE, super tough and chewy. Total buffet style chicken (a CHEAP buffet)  And where was my spice, usually i get a red pepper or two in the dish...nothing. i should of asked for the sarrachi to spice up the meal.  (is that the correct spelling? sar-ra-chi...you know what i'm talking about)- FRIED RICE: nothing special, bland, flavorless, loaded w/ chunks of brown onion- EGGROLL: "Costco's Quality" frozen eggrolls deep fried to order/QUANTITY: you get what you pay for, huge portionQUALITY: WAY overpriced for buffet style chinese food (cheap buffet)...oops i meant NEW YORK style chinese food.Back in the late 90's in San Diego all the express chinese food places started popping up all over the city.  no restaurant name, all it said on the store front was $0.99 Chinese Food....i've had better quality food at the $0.99 chinese restaurant than this place.i can't go back, wasted a cheat day on this...that morning run is going to hurt
5	5 stars for Carry-out! Only 1 star for dining inside.  Young Chinese guy real drab and bored at the counter, he kept clipping his fingernails on top the counter, gave us real cheap flimsy plastic forks that kept breaking off in our mouths, saw 3 flies swarming around, all the employees talk and yell really loud at each other in screeching Chinese very loud and ignorant , good food though for taking home and eating! They don't serve Ice with drinks and don't have any ice.....
2	Oh Lord Have Mercy.I cannot believe I have to resort to THIS as my Asian food now. I'm sorry family, San Gabriel Valley (that's in Los Angeles, CA by the way), I have failed you guys.This place....too greasy and it doesn't even taste good. Yuck. I ordered their Singapore Noodles and my noodles were all short and choppy. What the....And this is NOT New York Style Chinese Food as they claim to be. I've been to NYC before and trust...this is NOTHING like the good Chinese food in New York City.
1	I just can't. This place is disgusting.I don't know why I do this to myself. But I figured just because I had ONE not so good experience doesn't mean I should ax them out of my food choices.No. No. and No! This place must drench their food in grease. This time around, I ordered some garlic chicken dish that comes with "red fried rice." The garlic chicken tasted...."off." I can't really make out what the taste was but I definitely did NOT taste garlic. What's odd is that I tasted BAMBOO SHOOTS instead!!! Ummm...what!?!?!?! Why would someone put bamboo shoots in a garlic chicken dish!?!?! Two strong tasting flavors should NOT be mixed like that. And for those of you who know how bamboo shoots smell/taste like would know what I mean. With these nasty little creatures (or tasty, depends on how your taste buds are), you either love em or hate em.Chopstix, you utterly failed in my book. I don't care if you are less than 5 minutes away from where I live. Even if this was given to me for free, I would NOT eat their food. Stay away from here. I'm sure there are plenty, PLENTY of other "fake" chinese fast food restaurants here in town.
3	My coworkers and I ate here for lunch yesterday. It wasn't great, wasn't really good either. But it was okay because we were hungry and we are all broke girls so we ate it anyway.I had the Chicken Teriyaki bowl. I'm seriously not trying to be stereo-typical here, I'm being dead serious when I say I don't think the chicken was actually chicken. It didn't look like chicken, wrong texture, wrong taste, everything. Dunno what it was, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't chicken (Maybe pork with the skin still on? Not sure.). The veggies and rice were good. I picked out all the bamboo shoots because I'm just not a fan. The rice was actually really flavorful, almost more like a Jasmine type of rice. it was a little dry when it was freshly cooked, but was still pretty good as leftovers today.The crab rangoons were absolutely wonderful and the egg rolls were pretty good. Both of these are what kept this from being a 1 star review. The price and portion size is what gave it the 3rd star.The building is really super cute, with a drive-thru which is convenient.Customer service was crap. I'm going to just be brutally honest about the lady working. I drove up, she had our order ready already, which was the one good thing. On the phone we had told her we had a coupon for the crab rangoons and she just said, "I don't care, just show me the coupon when you get here." So that's what I did. Well, she got all pissy when I mentioned the coupon and said with a LOT of attitude, "Why didn't you tell me that before???" I mean, it was really mean the way she said it. And I tried to nicely tell her we did tell her about it (I even apologized even though I know it wasn't my fault), but she wasn't having it. She was going to be right no matter what, I guess.  I tipped her to try and avoid getting the rangoons spit in (she made them fresh right then). So hopefully there was no bodily fluids anywhere. I guess we will never know. We also did not get any sauce, napkins, or eating utensils.Anyway, my coworkers got completely different food than I, so I can't speak for them about the taste of their food, other than to say that all 3 of us had bubble guts after eating our food. We spent the next few hours taking turns in the restroom.And the cherry on top... worst fortunes ever. Like, I'm talking about the kind with sentences that don't even make sense. But the cookies tasted like regular fortune cookies and weren't stale, so that's good.Not much else I can say about the place. I won't be eating there again, but at least I tried something new!
3	This was good Chinese food, not great. It says NY Style, and being from NY I'm not sure if that's an accurate claim, but it was still decent. The prices are relatively low and they do offer all-day specials that include fried rice and an eggroll, along with the main entree choice. I've tried the sesame and orange chicken and thought it was good, not like Chinatown in NYC but still worthy of a mention. The chicken is well cooked and seasoned. The fried rice is much better than what I'm used to. It's not all that greasy. The eggroll isn't special, but spring rolls are always the better option anyways. I would consider this to be one of the better Chinese food places I've been to. Not amazing but you get what you pay for.
5	They have very good food.Not greasy at all and the vegetable and meat are very fresh.Excellent prices and very nice sized portions.The may serve egg rolls you can buy at Sam's Club but for $1 each they are crispy and delicious.They deliver and you get your food hot off the stove and delivered super fast.I have not has a bad meal there yet.Love the Moo Goo Gai Pan, Orange Chicken, Beef & Broccoli and more!The hot and sour soup is sooo good!Keep up the great work.Thanks for another yummy dinner tonight!
4	I really enjoyed Chopstix express. I randomly found them on Grub Hub and their very fair pricing got me enticed.First off, I will digress. I learned a lot about Chinese food this weekend. Chopstix is noteworthy for serving "east coast" style chinese. I am from the midwest, so I was intrigued. Apparently "east coast" style chinese is more Americanized. Its more heavy sauce based/ deep fried based than your average "west coast" chinese. I definitely found out after eating at Chopstix that I love east coast chinese food haha. I had always wondered why chinese food in Vegas left me so unsatisfied, and its because they are so different on the two coasts! Who would have thunk?Delivery was fast and the food was still hot. Everything we ordered was prepared very well and had lots of flavor. The thing we liked most was the value. We got enough food for 3 meals each for about $10 per person. This place is now one of my favorite for chinese in vegas.
1	Be advised , if the driver does not get the tip he thinks that he deserves (plus delivery ' fee ' )  , he will throw a fit in the hallway of your building. If you call to complain about it you will be told what the average tip is for your building and how you are ' too cheap'. Also if you put your tip on a credit card via their on line ordering and not on the slip in front of the driver , the drivers don't understand that  and think you are giving them nothing, and pitch an even bigger fit.  Dinner and a show! Thankfully the security guard in my building put a stop to it. So you tell me folks, is expecting a $10 tip on a $20 food order ( including $2 ' delivery fee ' )  the norm? 50%?
3	Good Chinese food at good price. Only argument i have is they chop their rice instead of leaving whole grain. The dishes could be spicier, and, extra sweet and sour sauce when asked for should be given to customers. Chicken, pork, beef very easy to chew and eat, and good-tasting. I've yet to encounter any spoiled cabbage or other foods. Good, friendly delivery person. Fast food always! Easy ordering online as well. I enjoy it.
3	This place was a disappointment. I was totally looking forward to getting some Chinese food the day I ate here. I did a delivery order, and the person who took my order was so very rude. Our food did arrive hot but I don't know about fresh. The food was so bad I didn't even finish it.
2	I made the mistake of ordering from this place twice! I guess thinking it might have gotten better the second time around. I was very wrong!!! The food is extremely over-priced and completely tasteless!!! I will NEVER eat there again! I was also told that I could not get a side of teriyaki sauce, even though I ordered a chicken teriyaki bowl and a beef bowl. Thankfully I didn't get extra sauce, it was disgusting on the chicken and beef bowl.
3	Honey walnut shrimp. I was craving some yesterday, so despite the negative reviews on here, I decided to stop by for lunch. Honey walnut shrimp is $11.95 and comes with a generous amount of shrimp and a side of white rice. The food took about 10 minutes so I know they made it fresh. I really enjoyed my food and I have nothing negative to say about this particular visit.
