5	My original review is noted below, but I had to circle back and give an update. Bar en Gril has become a regular haunt for my husband and I, and they have really listened and become an all-around excellent experience. The food is as consistent (and consistently great) as it gets, they now have San Tan on tap, and their staff is pleasant, friendly and professional every time.BRAVO!"Just visited Bar en Gril last night, and I have to say, my husband and I were very pleased with that decision. We tried the artichoke dip, which was fresh and flavorful with delicious and fresh pita chips. I tried the Philly cheese steak and my husband an Italian combo sandwich (can't remember which one, and Bar en Gril does not yet have an online menu i can find), but they were both fantastic. The au jus I had as a side was fresh and not salty powder from a packet for once. The shoestring french fries my husband had were delicious and  I felt like we were getting the quality of food we were paying for.The music was great and my husband and i found ourselves saying "Oh I love this song" at least 5 times during the meal. The bar poured a great beer that was cooled perfectly and not too much head on it. Only two things to the folks at Bar en Gril on the beer selection:#1 Here in the East Valley, it's all about San Tan brews, so a Devil's Ale tap would be awesome. :-)#2 Running out of the local brew that you do have (Kilt Lifter) is not the best. It's understandable when you're just trying to hit par on your orders and feel out the crowd preference. I promise that those kegs will never go bad though- so order away!The servers were fun and energetic. I would give Bar en Gril 5 stars (for the concept type), but there's just a couple of things that need work:1. Servers need to watch the chit chat about side work on the restaurant floor and not "hang out" in the doorway to the kitchen when there are people eating at the table right next to the kitchen entrance. I think this will definitely resolve itself once this place gets busier and more people discover this little gem.2. The atmosphere could use some work. The walls feel a bit bare, and the floor itself feels a bit stark. Maybe some locak Gilbert sports memerobilia or some sort of theme other than dark walls and a TV every few feet. Overall, a GREAT first experience. I can tell from the first service, to the first and all the way through the last bite that this restaurant has great folks in the kitchen, great folks out front, and is determined to be a favorite local spot. And for my husband and I, we will DEFINITELY be making it a regular hangout and be introducing our friends to it."
5	Hello Gilbert, AZ :). Every now and again, I find myself trekking across the city to visit friends in Chandler and Gilbert area. I've been to Bar en Gril a few times, and so over the halloween weekend I took a few friends with me before we headed out on the town. There was definitely a good crowd going, and they had a live band playing cover songs which everyone was getting into and seemed to enjoy. Overall, it has a very casual and friendly atmosphere that's also family friendly. The menu displays your favorite comfort foods and bar fare, with modern presentation and taste. My service experience has been great each time I have been to Bar en Gril, and the owner makes himself available to customers. On the menu you should get the cheese plate for sure, it's perfect for snacking! I've also had their salads, which were flavorful and filling. I NEED to try their pizza, so I'll be back soon to check that off my list.
5	Bar en Gril is officially my new favorite place to go in Gilbert! The atmosphere is fun, their selection of music is amazing, and the food is excellent! My son loves everything on the kids menu, and no other place caters to pre-teens with their own menu as well.. The staff is incredibly helpful, and the owner is very personable with everyone that walks in the door and makes sure you have everything you need! There are 20+ televisions to enjoy your favorites sports, and to top it off, their nightlife never lets me down as it is always entertaining! Karaoke on Thursday nights, live music on Fridays, and a DJ on Saturdays... plus no other bar in town offers a free shuttle service to their patrons so they can enjoy themselves and drink responsibly! Bar en Gril is exactly what this neighborhood needed. I frequent this restaurant and have sent many of my friends in to check it out.. everyone has had a pleasant experience dining in, or just hanging out there! If you haven't gone in yet, don't waste anymore time and go... you wont be sorry!
3	My friends and I tried this place for the most recent Giants vs. 49ers game. They don't have any game day specials but did have $3 bloody-mary's and $5 mimosas, both were really tasty. They also offer local beers on tap like Kilt lifter and that's always good news! My friends and I ordered; the club sandwich, the pretzels bites and the spinach artichoke dip. The club was good (you can't really mess up a club) it came with a cute little fryer of shoe string fries. The pretzel bites were good, the nacho sauce was slightly spicy which was really yummy. The spinach dip was ok, nothing special but nothing bad. The service was awesome! Our waitress was a beautiful red head who was very attentive without being overbearing. We sat in the "dining" area and pretty much had our pick of tables, which was nice to be able to find a seat to watch such a big game and be surrounded by so many tv's. We will be back to try more food, the salads and wings looked amazing. And to see our awesome waitress again.
3	We went to watch a game and the place was dead on a Wednesday night, so we were able to watch and listen to the game.  The staff was friendly.  We didn't try food but the wine was good and they had local beers on tap.  The food looked good and not as greasy as regular bar food.  We will go back and try the food.
5	I have lived around the corner for a few months, which makes this place very convenient. They have free wifi, which gives me an excuse to go get work done at a bar. They have above average bar food, and unlike most places it isn't all fried (try the big town burger, it's great). And they have a patio, which allows me to take in the great weather we've had the last few months. The reason this place gets 5 stars from me, though, is that I can bring my dog with me to sit on the patio. Officially speaking, it's a "look the other way" policy on the dog thing, but it hasn't been a problem any of the 5+ times we've gone. At the end of the day, it's good food, free wifi, a decent beer selection, and a pet friendly environment, all within a short distance from home. That earns you five stars from me!
