1	I'm really annoyed that someone beat me to being the 1st to review Peel Pub.  As soon as I learned of Yelp Montreal I came right here to torpedo this crappy place, only to learn someone beat me to the punch (and somehow with a favorable review?)  Peel Pub is only acceptable is you're an obnoxious young American tourist that has no clue where any of the good Montreal night spots are.  It also helps if you're absolutely piss drunk when you arrive, crave attention, want to start a fight, and are the sort that spills cheap beer all over the place.  Bonus points if you vomit all over: A) table B) waitress C) random strangers D) peoples shoes   In short, Montreal is a wonderful city with many great bars, restaurants and lounges and Peel Pub is an ugly hole and the last place I would ever go when in Montreal unless you fit solidly in the category described above.
1	Wish I could give the Peel Pub 0 stars, this place is for those that have no concept of what a good pub is, the food is terrible, the beer pathetic, the only reason anyone likes this place, is because it's cheap. Just don't complain when you get sick after.
2	I live in San Diego and come to Montreal about once/twice a year too see Habs games and like an idiot I walk into this place!!  I give it a 2 and thats just because the food specials are pretty good, but the beer is extremely watered down, the liquor drinks are sub par at best!!  The place is packed with underage kids from Boston and Hartford who really have no idea how to drink or shut themselves off,
1	I live in San Diego now too, James F, and lived in Montreal for eight years.Ah, the subterranean hell hole that is the Peel Pub.  Recycled French fries (if you don't eat them they end up on someone else's order), cheap and horrible beer.  Perhaps the most typical recollection of this place is the guy who drank until he vomited on the table behind us.  Security came over to escort him out and he fought because he wanted to finish his beer.  Stay classy, indeed.(That being said, this place is so awful it must be experienced, if only once.)
1	I always thought of Peel Pub (or just "Peel", as it is affectionately referred to by its teenage clientele) as the consolation prize for McGill students disappointed by their university's lack of a frat scene. It seems to have all the requisite frat party elements: cheap booze, obnoxious drunks, kids who can't hold their liquor, and of course... freshman girls. Drinking recycled beer, downing $1 shooters with fun names like "blowjob" and "cunnilingus", vomiting on the older/uglier guys that are trying to hook up with them.I might sound jaded, but that's what inevitably happens if you're over 18 and set foot inside Peel Pub.Oh, and people who haven't been to Montreal in the past few years might not realize this, but this yelp listing is for the NEW incarnation of Peel Pub. The old subterranean space shut down a little over two years ago when it was condemned/set on fire/busted for serving 12 year olds (probably). I've never actually been inside the new space, but I am pretty sure my review applies to both.
2	I have been here many times, both to the (better) subterranean location as well as the new two story location. While the food isn't the best and the beer is just plain horrible, it is very cheap and everyone in your party can usually all find something they'll eat on the simple menu.I give it one star for corralling the obnoxious Americans in one place, keeping them out of better spots and one star for still serving beer out of 144 oz pitchers. You don't see them everywhere.If you must visit this tourist trap, the trick to this place is to go while it is still light outside before the trash starts rolling in.
5	If you don't "get it," I'm "sorry."Peel Pub... I shall forever *heart* you._C$
3	I've been to Peel Pub a couple times and was not feeling the massive sausage fest. If I was really yearning for a night with all dudes, I'd head out to a frat party.I would have only given this place 1 star, but the second time I went they had an all female jello wrestling tournament, which was pretty damn cool and very worthwhile.
4	Pitchers of Beer and Wings.  If you are over the age of 22, you may easily get tired of this place but, for me... I have fond memories of being 18, 19 or 20... driving over the border from Boston, and having a great time!I remember there were some excellent 25 cent (or something ridiculously inexpensive like that) wing deals when we ordered pitchers.  This was back in 03-05.Lots of food, lots of beer and then off to walk around St. Catherines.  It's just fun for the out of towner -- so for groups of guys just wanting to hang out before beginning the evening, spending a modest amount to save for the 'next stop, then grab a tray of wings and some pitchers here.
3	I don't see what the problem with Peel Pub is, it's nothing too extraordinary, but it is a great bar to have a beer and a sandwich and watch a game.  It is very reasonably priced and the waitresses are nice.
2	There was a dude trolling for chicks with sequins spelling "puppy" on the back of his shirt.  Need I say more?Cheap drinks, awful food, young crowd, tourist spot, place to get hammered before Strip Bar/Hockey Game.  These are all things that Peel Pub is.  If you are expecting quality, you've come to the wrong place son.One other thing of note, they had banana flavored condoms in the mens bathroom, but I didn't try them.
3	While this is THE place of choice for many NHL fans to hang out at before heading to a game at the Bell Centre, especially for Boston Bruins fans such as myself, many things cannot be overlooked about the place.Essentially, it is a place of choice because of the atmosphere and not as much the food. Sure, they have pitchers of crappy beer, which are very affordable, and they have an extensive food selection, as can be seen on the menus which are printed on the placemats, but the food there is pretty horrendous to say the least - Both times that I've been there I have been disappointed. While no one expects to find amazing food at a bar, this place is average at the very best.To add to the disappointment, on my most recent visit there, we could no longer order pitchers of Molson and instead had to settle for some undrinkable Labatt Blue. It was pretty gross. The place seats plenty and is a great spot to hang out out before a game though - It is also located just a stone's throw away from the rink which makes it convenient. The prices are decent, the bathrooms fairly clean and the service is actually good. If their food improved, I'd update it and add a star.As far as the setting goes, it's a pretty standard bar that focuses on pretty heavy customer volume. Their menus are economically printed on the placemats and there's TVs everywhere - Aside from that, there's two levels. And yeah... nothing really special about it.
3	Probably worth a stop, especially if you are a hockey fan and looking for a decent place to watch a hockey game. If you're a Bruins fan, this is usually where most B's fans go, esp. prior to a game at the Bell Centre. Show up with a jersey on, and watch the fireworks start. This place gets pretty rowdy, and I was here for St. Patty's Day a couple of years ago and I've never seen as many spilled beer pitchers ever in my life! Heh. Peel Pub isn't known for it's spectacular food or beer selection but it's a decent place to check out for beer-chugging madness!
1	Student pub with watered down drinks, nasty food and droves of drunks all 17-20 years old.  Need I say more?
4	Don't get me wrong, I like the brewpubs in Montreal.  But sometimes I just get so tired of the hipster crowd in the plateau, and coming from the states, occasionally I miss the sports bar atmosphere.  So there I was looking for a traditional sports bar, somewhere that had a large beer selection, bar food and a lot of TVs with sports...Enter Peel Pub.  By day, this is your average sports bar, complete with 27 big screen tv's scattered throughout the bar, a great beer & liquor selection and a friendly staff.  Their menu is even pretty good, from hot dogs and poutine to spaghetti.  The food and drinks are very reasonably priced, especially for downtown.  By night this turns into a college bar, after all McGill and Concordia are rather close by, complete with daily events and drink specials, like karaoke and cheap $1 shooters.I also like the ambiance here, particularly during the day.  Brick walls on the inside, two floors and really a tv any direction you look.  I mean, it's a fun place to go watch sports during the day and stay for the night time festivities.  But, if you don't want to stay, the rest of Peel is just outside, and Crescent is a couple blocks away.
3	This place was pretty cool. It can get pretty crowded at night. I was with a group of about 10-15 people and they wouldn't let us in because we had to wait in line. We told them we're just gonna be a couple minutes, in and out. Lemme tell ya.. that place is super crowded, but the shooters are pretty good. It was a fun time for all of us. Although I must say, they need to get their toilets in working order. Out of the 3 that were there, only 1 worked. Overall, it's a pretty cool place to get drinks, but I definitely wouldn't stay the entire night here.
2	Rarely do I wait in lines. It's not that I'm above it*, I just have found very few places that warrant a queue snaked around the corner like the one we experienced at Peel Pub.Anyway, when we finally made it in (and after a group of girls tried to unsuccessfully "chat and cut" their way into our spot in the line), I was shocked to find that this was a sit-down, wait-service affair. You see, we had been told this place was a pre-game spot known for their cheap shooters. And at 0,99$ a pop on Thursday nights, this fact could not be contested. But, really, when is the last time you waited in line to sit down and indulge in some super-sugary, half-sized Robitussin-like shots? Seriously, these things were tiny, syrupy, and I'm doubtful they did anything in the drunk department. If these gimmick shooters aren't worth the 0,99$ on special, they certainly aren't worth the 2,99$ regularly. My 6,99$ cocktail (I believe it was a Brandy Alexander, but who can really be sure?) tasted similarly medicine-esque, but at least you could tell you were drinking alcohol.Granted, our Peel Pub experience was devoid of any appointment sports viewing that particular evening, which appears to be the bar's bread and butter. Well, that, and catering to chair-dancing college co-eds who believe they're getting sloppy off of shitty shooters. Right. Let me dial it back a notch. It's got a lot of TVs. And when sports are being shown on said TVs, I'm guessing this place is most likely a good alternative to your couch. Except I'm also guessing there isn't a line outside your front door for a spot on your couch. But who knows? You (or your couch) could just really be that popular.I digress. So, there's an upstairs to Peel Pub, and apparently an outdoor patio as well. But when the first floor wasn't doin' it for us, we didn't bother to investigate further, we just headed out into the night. I mean, what's a supposed pre-game joint good for if it fails to get you good and drunk? Man, do my colleges years feel further and further away from me or what?*I'm above it.
3	Peel Pub is so wonderfully cheap.  My husband and I went there for dinner but were overwhelmed by the crazy happy hour deals - on a Tuesday, no less!  There was a good 2-for-1 deal on beer for $5 (I think) and cheap sangria.  To be fair, it tasted like cheap sangria, but who's complaining?Perhaps it's because I'm American and used to something else, but on our two visits to Peel Pub, I had two separate "what the hell is this" moments: the veggie burger and the nachos.  The veggie burger wasn't bad, it was just odd.  I didn't expect it to taste so much like falafel that rolled in saffron.  But I like falafel and saffron, so that's fine. Now, my opinion on the nachos may be unfair since this seems to be a Montreal thing.  I consider myself to be a nacho expert, and also a judge of authenticity since I'm from the US and the US is attached to Mexico. Specious reasoning aside, I'm not buying salsa as a headliner in a plate of nachos, Peel Pub.  Not at all.Overall, Peel Pub was a great place to relax, eat, and imbibe.  The staff on both visits were sweet and attentive, despite the crowds.  I will be back my next time in Montreal.
4	I've been to Peel Pub a number of times.  Mostly because it's one of the few places that a large number of Bruins fans gather together for pre-game food & drinks before B's vs. Habs games.  They have an extremely friendly staff!  Great drink specials!  I'm personally a fan of their poutine as well... Definitely worth checking out, especially on game nights.
3	Peel Pub was...ok.  We went the Friday we arrived in Montreal and it was full to the gills with extremely young, extremely overdressed (I assume they were stopping in before going to the clubs...I hope, anyway) patrons who quite literally made us feel like old, frumpy nuns.  The service, however, was good, the drinks cheap, and the food good pub grub (more poutine, please).We returned two nights later, on a Sunday evening, to a much more low-key atmosphere, with everyone dressed down, some watching various sporting events, and just generally hanging out and enjoying themselves.  We took full advantage of the inexpensive shots, and a few more rounds besides that and our bill was still very reasonable.  Not a destination by any means, but a good place to relax and have some cheap food and drink.
3	They were the only restaurant we could find near sainte catherine's that had poutine at the time. Must be 18 years old to enter. We started off with regular poutine, mozzarella sticks, teen weeny spicy wings and a pitcher of beer. The mozzarella sticks didn't melt in my mouth. The french fries in the poutine were so oily, not to my liking. I wish poutine had melted cheese, instead of huge cold chunks of it. My party liked the poutine though. The wings were really spicy, but it was a little disappointing at how small they were!For an entree, i got a salmon salad that was really good. The other three people in my party got daily specials. With tip, the bill was only 105 dollars! Everything is really cheap, but nothing memorable. Actually, the food in montreal, from my experience, lacks taste and is nothing compared to the states.
3	After a 5 hr car ride up to the great white north, Peels Pub was the first stop for food. What drew us in here was the poutine and the fact that their menu had stated they offer "Deluxe Poutine," we were reeled in. Started off with the poutine, didn't end up getting the deluxe version though and the buffalo wings. Poutine was what I expected (good to a certain point) and the buffalo wings were a serious joke. The wings were the smallest things I have ever seen, guess the chickens in Canada aren't being fed. For my entree I ordered the Friday special, Roast Beef in Au Jus with mash potatoes and a salad. Portion was big and right by my standard, but the course itself lacked a bit of flavor. Food is decent and portions are big, ohh and the price is CCHHHeAp! Definitely come here if you're on a budget and have a big appetite.
2	On my 30th birthday I came here with a huge group of friends.  The food was great, the beer was great, and the service was awesome. Fast forward 6 years, it's my triumphant return to Montreal.  I decide to revisit a place that was a shining memory.       I walked in, and the place looked different, smaller somehow. There was no great huge room wallpapered with TV's playing sports.  The place was practically empty.  I grabbed a seat, and sat down in the chair.  A waitress came over and asked if I'd like a beer. I looked at the time, it was 11:30, but then remembered I was on vacation, and said a cold beer would be swell. Waitress ran off to get my beer and I began to peruse the placemat/menu.  I saw fish and chips, and felt fish and chips and beer would make for a splendid breakfast. (Don't judge me, being on vacation means you can do stuff like that.)      My beer arrived and I placed my order. Some time later, my food arrived. It looked delicious. I cut into the battered piece of fish and it was quite greasy. The fries were kinda greasy too. The food was just barely within 'ok' parameters. It was heavy and very very greasy. The beer, an ice cold bud light, was magnificent.       The waitress was friendly enough, but shortly after I arrived, the place got very very crowded and she was swamped.  She had help, but I don't think it was enough.     So it turns out the place moved about five or six years ago. Apparently just after I had been there last. This place, not quite as good as their former incarnation.         To recap: Super greasy 'meh' food, good cold beer, service is decent. I prefer the memory of this place to the actuality of this place.
3	Super fast service. Crazy cheap drink specials. Good food, lots of it, also cheap. The food comes out so quick you think it must be pre-prepared. Not the friendliest service. Odd music selection. A good place to go with your bros for some hangover food.
3	The Peel Pub is a great place to spend time with friends. As a beer snob, the beer isn't that great however while watching sports on the multiple TV it's still going down easily. The food is OK nothing fancy as expected! But a great place to spend time with friends (but not a date that would not do it for me) for an afterwork or watch sports.
4	I was here either three or four times over a weekend. It was that solid a place to knock back a painkiller (err... beer) for my sore feet. The draft beers I drank weren't watered down at all. Several televisions tuned into various sports programs. Sit upstairs (if you can stand the smokers) or try to snag the table by the window to watch the people walk by.I never managed to eat anything, but the plate of spaghetti (yes, spaghetti) served to the next table looked quite good.
3	This place is generally awful but we ate and got drunk for around $20 a head so it gets a couple, nay let's make it 3, stars. Maybe I'm doing Montreal wrong but this is a good place to go with some bros and get your base layer on before going out.
2	I give this place two stars, but I do it with love. I was a semi-regular when I lived on Peel. Always a lineup outside, because they card at the door (bring ID!) and it's usually packed to the brim. Amazingly cheap for most things. The 99-cent shooters on Thursday night are only slightly alcoholic but most are delicious. Never bothered with the food, although I hear it's in the okay/fine/nothing to write home about realm of quality. A decent place to knock back a pitcher or six with the homies. Impossible to hear yourself over the din. Some people say the bartenders are rude; I've never had one I minded. Surprising number of tourists. Don't bring anyone here that you want to get with, for the love of God; you will automatically fail.
4	Great micro-brew beers, great specials, plenty of flat screens and big on UFC. We visited Montreal for a few days and this was the only bar we went to more than once. Of course the other spots were nice also but Montreal has no shortage of bars, so we only went back cause it was glorious.
4	Good for drinks and quick food.  Was there on a monday night, full 60 oz. pitchers of local lager were only $8!!!  Poutine was delicious although they skimped on the cheese curds.  No real bar to saddle up to but the tables were ample and plenty of space to accommodate large groups.  Would go again.
2	Had lunch here on a Sunday afternoon.  Crowd was a bit rowdy and the food wasn't very good.The peel pub nachos and chicken nachos were very bland and the chips tasted like a no name brand bought at a dollar store.  The cheese was also tasteless. My friend ordered the Greek salad and it came dry with no dressing.  She felt like a rabbit eating grass.  My wifey ordered the Asian salad and was quite content with it - maybe we all should have ordered the Asian salad.We will definitely not be back here.
2	I'm going to agree with Liam B on a loving two stars. I've been here at 3pm with a rowdy crew, watching it fill up with the weirdest mix of people, including a ton of American and Ontarians who are underage back home and I guess don't realize they can drink anywhere in Montreal? Just kidding, I'm sure that's why they come to town, and somehow the Peel Pub has just become a destination for questers of this kind. Enjoy this riotous vibe, the weirdly vacant decor, avoid the food and mixed drinks, drink cheap pitchers, go elsewhere for other things, that's my advice. It is what it is!
4	Walking into this bar, I was a bit petrified. Not because of the set up, or the atmosphere, nor the crowd. It was the fact that I was walking in sporting a Boston Bruins jersey. Luckily, we were welcomed in by a group of Bostonians who were also at Peels Pub. The bartenders are very attentive and funny, helped us to figure out where else we should go later on that night. We ended up going back the night after, with the rest of the group we were with, order round after round. Great mixed drinks, awesome deals on huge mugs of beer, can't really complain :)
3	You're going to get exactly what you'd expect here - a run of the mill, middle of the road, rather average sports bar.The service? It's just fine. Attentive and relatively quick.The food? It's just fine. Your basic bar food. It will fill your belly.The beer? A good selection. It will get you sufficiently lubed for watching sports.There are certainly better spots to be found. But if you just want a basic sports bar for a basic meal, you've found it.
2	Like many people I've been here for the 99 cent shooters on Thursdays. They're tiny, and taste like kool aid. We tried pretty much all of them on the menu and I think you have to order 4 at a time. They're sickeningly sweet and just make you super thirsty.Also had the nachos which were below average, cheese feels plasticy.This place is often full and I'm sure it's fine for cheap beer and a get together with friends to watch a sports game, but it's not a place I want to hang out at. There are soooo many nice bars in Montreal, don't settle for this!
1	Congrats Peel Pub, you are getting my first ever One star review! (Round of applause). From arriving at this sports bar (not meating packing in NYC ) I was told that we couldn't join another table upstairs with people we were meeting because there wasnt room for more chairs, yet upon finally entering after a lengthy wait saw many open tables upstairs. Odd. Then after finishing drinks there the waiter put on the bill an extra pitcher when one free was included  and claimed the table ordered an extra one after the fact. He even rather rudely suggested he would show us the camera to prove it, rather then getting into it with the manager we all decided to just let it go. Still the door policy, demeanor of the waiters, and overall vibe here was awful. Enter on your own risk.
1	Stepped in here on a Sunday for an early lunch before riding the bus back to the airport, this place just so happens to be near the airport bus stop in the area.  This place served beer, food and had TVs with sports on, I am an American male, these things should satisfy me.I ordered a beer, a burger with poutine on the side and sat back. The beer was ok, price was kind of high but I am in downtown, the burger came next and so did the disappointment.  The burger and fries both tasted like frozen commercialized food that was thrown on the grill and the fries were just dropped into the fryer without regard to temperature, and crispness.  The poutine tasted like it was from canned gravy that had being warmed up.Overall for the location and price you can totally do better somewhere else.
2	If you are from Ontario, or the US (more specifically: Boston!) then welcome to your best sports bar in town. You will find many of your fellow team fans at the Peel Pub. The food here is ok, but it just seems to be the place to be if you are a Maple Leafs fan or Bruins fan - but that's okay, because the real Montreal sports fans go elsewhere for drinks and food. It's all cheap grub - stick to the draft beers and you will have the time of your life
4	Cheap eatz and cheap beer, is to be had here. For the youngish or at least young at heart. Here's the place to congregate and watch a hockey game or soccer match. Wednesday I  watched a int'l darts competition while noshing on a large Shepard's Pie which came with a generous side salad and an order of fries. The portions are huge; I bagged 1/2 the fries & I'm no lite weight - I can eat.They carry an impressive selection of beers. I like Sunday when you purchase a beverage you can get 25 cent chicken wings.They have daily special meals and beer pitchers. Don't expect fine dining, you can expect great value; fill your stomach or catch a buzz for a very reasonable price. In the summer you can enjoy there terrace upstairs if you're a smoker, if you're not you'll feel fumigated.
4	I don't know what some people expect when entering a dive/sports bar (this is a little bit of both), but I've been here a few times and have always had a good experience.  The food is basic pub food, but it's good and plenty filling for the price.  We sampled a few things from the menu and enjoyed all of it, even their house beer is decent (and hard to beat for under $2 for a glass).  If you're for some reason expecting 4 or 5 star meals from a sports bar, maybe you should familiarize yourself with what a sports bar is, and let that idea go.
2	Cheap food and beer.  Too bad the food isn't any good.  Poutine was very marginal.  Service was ok.  First pitcher of beer came out completely flat.  Good for sports as there are TVs all over the place.  Just an average sports bar with crappy food.
4	Sleazy rough Montreal landmark. If you haven't been here, you haven't been to Montreal. They just don't make pubs like this anymore. Generations of people have come through these doors. If the urinals could only talk! Love popping into this place for a quart, yes, here, real men drink quarts lol!. Labats 50 anyone... :)
2	I was staying up the street on business, and was looking for a good-enough place. Sat at the bar, and actually got attention right away, which doesn't seem to happen often in Montreal. Beer selection was okay, not amazing. Can never go wrong with Stella. Ordered BBQ chicken breast, and it came ASAP, meaning they've got the dishes all teed up. It was passable. Overall it was an okay experience, but the food was average, and the attitude of the staff is kind of like you're an annoyance more than a customer. With so many choices in town, there's nothing at this place that would make me go back for a very long time. Cheap food, cheap beer, and if that's all you need, it's your place.
3	Came with great company; it was my best friend's birthday that we celebrated here. It was a Tuesday night, and apparently Tuesday nights are karaoke nights here. Some of my companions went up in front of the whole pub to sing. Usually most people will listen to just the first couple of lines the person sings and then ignore the rest of his/her lines. But when my best friend went up to sing Frozen's "Let It Go", everyone appeared to be not only listening but singing along. Both women and men. This proves that "Let It Go" is not such a girly song after all. When no karaoke song is playing, I would appreciate them putting on music that is low enough to hear my company perfectly from across the table. But no, they resorted to playing music that I would say was close to the volume level of club music. I had to shout at everyone in my group in order to carry on a conversation. No one at our table ordered food except one person. I tried a bit of her pizza and it tasted pretty nice. Could have been better but it was definitely something that would have been tasty to any hungry person (who likes pizza).I remember ordering a cosmopolitan and a Stella Artois (both my favourites). They were awesome! The right mix  of alcohol and juice in the margarita and the right coldness with the Stella Artois! The waitress was very attentive to our group, something that pleasantly surprised me, considering that it was a full house that night and the tables were so close together. The moment my drink was finished, she'd appear and ask me if I wanted more or anything else. Thumbs-up for customer service! What I detested was the seating arrangement. The tables were in very close proximity! So much that my back could literally be touching the back of a stranger. Needless to say, I had a hard time navigating my way out of the restaurant. The shortest route out was between two occupied separate tables, and yet, for the life of me, I could not pass between those tables. So I had to walk along 5 seats of the table I was at, go around another table, and then walk along the length of half the restaurant to get to the exit doors. Why did they not open up the second floor of the pub? I understand that all the karaoke had to happen on the first floor but I'm pretty sure many would have gladly opted for the open space of the second floor.
4	Peel was hoppin by the time we got there. We had no trouble finding a table and our waiter was excellent. I had a car bomb with Canadian whiskey that was very tasty and I detest Guinness. I ordered a chicken panini that was simple and delicious.
3	The wings are good and they have a pretty good selection of beer. The staff is mediocre on service unless you're a regular. I saw when servers had favorites. Unfortunately, it was musical TVs when the games were on. Of the 3 games I was watching, 2 of them switched TVs, 1 was moved twice! They have plenty of TVs available, I just prefer bars that label the TVs with the games showing and LEAVE them.
5	Great place to get some wings and a beer. Every time I have requested a game, they have been able to show it on one of the televisions. Their beer choice is extensive and even have Goose Island from my native Chicago. As far as the wings, they are reasonably prices and are decent sized. I usually order their hottest wings, but they aren't all that hot honestly. The only change that they should make is to offer blue cheese dressing with the wings, as they only offer ranch (which i detest). Still, great atmosphere, great beer selection, good pub food, and great drink specials (especially if you want to load up on shots during $1 shot days).
