3	This was my first time trying Farmer Boys.It was tasty but not really what the pictures showed on the menu.I went through the drive-thru and the staff was friendly.I ordered a Cheese Steak and it was kinda mushy. I wouldn't order that again but try something else instead.The Onion Rings were very tasty and I recommend trying those for sure. It was about $10 for the sandwich, Rings and Drink.I will give it another try sometime in the future and see if I like anything else.
4	I was Halloween shopping across the street and my GF suggested we give this place a try as "I love them their food is so much better than a fastfood chain restaurant" As she works for a Burger Restaurant  I was skeptical but agreed thinking I would tell on her the next time I see her boss.  Your secret is safe though I agree 100%. The food was top notch; the service was great and she was correct it mixes in the best of a fast-food chain and a mom & pop sit down restaurant.  The menu is a bit much for them to specialize in anything but specific but my burger was done correctly and the onion rings were top notch. It was hot so I decided to grab a Strawberry frosty/shake and it was delicious and had plenty of fruit chunks mixed throughout the cup;  (just wish they didn't get stuck in the straw)All in all the price was a little high but for the quality of the service and the food I won't complain about it and say you get what you pay for and if you are comfortable with another chains discount/$1 menu by all means go for it but please give these guys a try; you may just start skipping those other chains and saving up to eat here.
5	You really cannot go wrong at Farmer Boys everything on the menu is cooked fresh and is fantastic.  Service is always top notch!
5	the hamburgers are so boooomb! the staff is always very nice and friendly and its just a nice place to eat a meal and relax :D
5	My first visit to this restaurant or the chain itself was on Monday, April 29, 2013. I was EXTREMELY impressed. When I walked in, I had no idea that this was part of  a chain restaurant.The food deserves five stars. It was reasonably priced. The owner of the franchise went out of his way to make me feel comfortable. I will definitely go again and bring friends :-)
1	This was my first and last visit to this restaurant. The owner or manager was extremely rude. I went in there not knowing that the coupon I had was not valid for this location. When I told the owner/manager that I didn't want the food because I didn't have enough money to pay he told me I made a mistake and I needed to pay for my mistake. I politely told him I can't and that I was really sorry. I proceed to leave when he yelled out the drive thru window "B***H" when I stopped the car because I was surprised he stated "Yes I am talking talking to you "B***H". I left immediately. I will never go to a Farmer Boys Ever!!!
1	Went through the drive thru and it took over 10 minutes to get a cold burger. It's an expensive burger restaurant with horrible service and overpriced low quality meat. I always receive the coupons in the mail and now I know why they always end up in the trash.I actually drove back to the restaurant with my half eaten cold burger and asked for a refund. I was starving and hadn't eaten anything all day. One would think this would make the burger exceptional. It only made me want to kill someone for the waste of my time. It looks good in pictures, but I'll stick to Five Guys Burgers and Fries or Smash Burger. The prices are about the same, but the service and product are 100x better.
4	If you're craving a good burger, it's hard to find one better at any other fast food type of restaurant. The fried zucchini is tasty and the orders are big. Half orders are available and would satisfy most  appetites. The staff is friendly and the food was fast without compromising quality. Easy to do within your alloted lunch break and won't put a huge dent in the lunch budget. For the health conscious, the calorie count is posted on the menu. I prefer not to know. Make sure you check-in BEFORE you order.
5	Love this place! The food is great. And so are the prices! Wish they were open late though!!
4	The distance is a huge disadvantage, but the grub is worth the drive! I had the small portion of fish and chips (subbing onion rings for the fries) and still couldn't finish it. The batter was light and flaky, not greasy and overdone. If they could only reduce the calorie content so I didn't have guilt after, I would have given it five stars. Either way, I'll make the drive and go back!
4	Farmer Boys serves up some good tasting burgers and fries at this Las Vegas location. The food was freshly prepared and the restaurant itself was clean and well-maintained inside. Service was friendly and efficient. It's nice to see a chain restaurant that actually cares about their customers.
4	Just ate here for the second time. Their club is delicious, but their fries and zucchini were bland. If you are trying to cut back on your salt, this is a great option because it doesn't seem like they put sale in the fried food.Also had chili cheese fries with sauteed onions. It was very good. Check it out.
5	Foods great salads are bomb. Just heard of the place and been a few times already and plan to go more and more. Just the wait time is a little long when having to wait for lunch but worth the wait. They also do military discount. Great job guys and continue to do better
2	I went to lunch here today and ordered a barn burger with crispy zucchini.  The burger was luke warm and seemed like it was sitting there for a while.  The cheese was not melted.  Towards the end, I could not eat the burger.  The zucchini was hot and fresh but there was no seasoning on it and it tasted very bland.  The onion rings were freshly fried but had the same bland batter.The staff was very nice and friendly.  The food came out fast and the restaurant was very clean.
4	This review is for breakfast. Fast food style, a little better than Dennys and McDonald's.
3	Manager was super nice, food was Farmer Boys fresh. They need to put diaper changing tables in bathrooms and get a few more high chairs.
3	Food was good.  Took much longer than I expected.  Watched drive thru line get food before me (2 cars) and the lady behind me got her food first too.  Ordered bacon burger and fries ... nothin fancy or special ordered.  Wont come here if I have limited time.
3	dont take the drive thru!!!! 15-20min wait with literally no line inside or outside for two ppls orders  burgers are decent
4	I went here for a quick meal with a co-worker. She swears by the breakfast at this place, but we were there for lunch. And I was not disappointed.There is a fairly limited menu, but you can add and subtract ingredients, so there are lots of choices. I had the Natural burger, which was touted as being "vegetarian-fed steer beef, hormone-free and antibiotic-free." It was a little pricier than my friend's cheeseburger, but to quote Sam Jackson from "Pulp Fiction," "this is a tasty burger." I added bacon and cheese, and ditched the 1,000 Island. Nice combo. And I loved the soft potato roll that it came on. So far, so good.We didn't order sides because the burgers were filling enough. And I am not a fan of Pepsi products, so I tossed my Diet Pepsi and got an iced tea instead. But from what I had, this place is going to be on my short list for burgers. And from what my friend told me, it might be on my short list for breakfast as well.And thank you, Farmer Boys, for listing the calorie counts on your menu board. Even though we all know a burger isn't the healthiest choice in the world, at least we can make a decision as to how much meaty goodness we want to ingest!
2	Those of you who have read my reviews in the past know I am all about customer service. This place sucked very disappointed. I went to the one in north Las Vegas and they would not honor my YELP 20% off coupon. It is on their yelp page. Extremely rude and the cashier said she didn't know how to use the coupon. The food was ok. Of course the nasty attitude of the staff didn't help. So I won't be going back very disappointed
