4	Wow, was really surprised by the earlier review and stolen property.  We stayed in 2 suites the week of 3-17 for Spring Training.  We had an excellent stay and found the staff terrifice, rooms clean, and beds very comfortable.  Our stay well exceeded my expectations.
1	I wanted to lovvvvve my stay here. I  booked 4 rooms with the most fantastic person in the world, the manager Louise, and everything went off without a hitch. The staff here is decent (except the shuttle bus driver...but I'll get to that). The hotel itself is clean and quiet for the most part, so if you're just looking for a place to sleep, you'll be happy. Let's start off with my least favorite person/people on the trip...The shuttle bus driver. The man does NOTHING all day. We were in a group of 8 and we asked for a shuttle ride 3 times and were denied 3 times. The first time, 2 people flew into the airport and needed a ride to the hotel, they called the hotel and they said that "he didn't show up for work" but if they took a cab, they would be reimbursed. Well, that was nice and much appreciated by them. The second time we tried to utilize the shuttle was to take us to Hohokam, but the shuttle bus driver said he "might be to busy to take us". Ummm, isn't that your job? I mean, to take people places. I was promised by the hotel that you would take us there...but you're too busy to do your job? That's cool...why don't you just keep sitting there eating breakfast ALL morning (I'll get to that...). The third time we needed to use the shuttle was to take 2 people to the airport the night that they were flying out. We called down to arrange and again were told that the driver didn't show up. Wow. Fire him! The whole 6 days we stayed there, I saw the shuttle van move one time. ONCE!!! Next up, breakfast. Anywhere in the Phoenix metro is going to be slam-jammed in March. Us baseball fans will pack your hotel, as a matter of face it will probably be at  100% capacity during March. If you offer breakfast, have enough food. Every single day, our hotel ran out of certain things. Little milk cartons, biscuits (they had gravy...the breakfast lady told me to use regular bread. haha. asshole), cinnamon rolls, bananas, pancake batter, sausage, bacon, eggs, etc. Those are just a few of the things they kept running out of while I was there for 6 days. One thing I noticed that the shuttle bus driver actually did well was (and probably what kept him SO busy) eat breakfast all morning. Yup, the same stuff that they were running out of, was being chowed down by the lazy ass bus driver. I can't stand a lazy person who just takes advantage of stuff. He's useless. The pool at the hotel is small and doesn't look like it was cleaned in ages. I'm sure it was, but seriously I wouldn't even dip my toe in there, that's how disgusted I was. I booked 4 King rooms, but we only got 2 king rooms. The other two were queen rooms. Again, very disappointed that we all didn't get the rooms that were originally booked.  Ummm yeah... Sadly I won't be staying here again. Besides Louise, everything was a huge fail in my book.
3	In town for work and since most of my work revolved around ASU, I wanted to stay close so I could walk to campus. This holiday inn is about half a mile from the south east end of campus. I didn't have a car in Tempe so was happy to see that the hotel offered complimentary local shuttle service, including airport pick-up and drop-off. I called the hotel after I arrived at the Phoenix airport and within 15 minutes I was on the shuttle heading to the hotel. In addition to using the shuttle for the airport, I also asked to be dropped off at ASU one morning because I was running late. The staff knows the ASU campus well and dropped me off close to the academic building I needed. The hotel is your standard business hotel and I found most things to be satisfactory. The room was pretty spacious with a desk for work and the bed was comfortable. Bath & Body Works toiletries were provided, which was a nice surprise. Breakfast isn't gourmet, but eggs and meat were available each morning and that's all I needed. A couple of things that could be improved upon:* Wifi service on the 3rd floor wasn't very strong. I stayed 3 days and the most I got was 3 bars for wifi signal. For a business hotel, I think this is one thing that should be fixed right away, perhaps adding a second router on the 2nd or 3rd floor. * Some towels were a little old and scratchy. Maybe it's time to upgrade some of the towels?Overall the pluses outweighed the negatives and I would definitely stay here again should I be in Tempe again, for work or pleasure. Luis, one of the staff there, was super friendly and gave very good recommendations for local restaurants.
3	For a Holiday Inn- It's okay! No luxury here. Unclean pool, small work out room. Just a place to 'crash'. Close to a small town restaurant, a few fast food restaurants, and a Sheraton. I guess if you are looking to save money, this is a place to go- or if you're into the neighborhood, otherwise I would stay at another hotel. My husband and I earned enough points to stay at this hotel for a relatively cheaper price than listed, so we took it as we spent most of our day out and just needed a night to crash before our early morning flight the next day.
5	Nice hotel, clean rooms and hot breakfast in the mornings!
