5	Great new attraction here in Scottsdale, the 3D movie is great.  The atrium is amazing!!!
1	My family of 4 (3 and 5 yr old) wanted to love this place, but it was a waste of money!!!  We want our $60 back!! First of all, they claim to have the largest conservatory in America.  Yes, by blueprint this may be true, but when you walk in it does not look like a rainforest in anyway and you only see one or two types of butterflies.  Please make way to Houston's butterfly conservatory (Texas).  That is a real rainforest carrying all kinda of butterflies from around the world.  Also, there was no information to be found on walls about anything you saw.  They give these cards to the children to ask a volunteer for a "fun fact" and we only passed 2 volunteers! There was no one available to tell you what you were looking at.  No signage of explanations of any sort.  How is this educational? Please please do not waste your money.  You are better off watching YouTube videos or going to the library for information. Also, they had ants and bees.  Same thing no descriptions.  We walk into this tiny aquarium with maybe 3 fish tanks with 2 fish in them.  We saw one lady who asked if we were going to do some petting.. Um ok and proceeds to give us hand sanitizer. First of all what are we petting?? We put our hands in the water to pet what looks like a stingray??? No signage??!!! No one is there to tell us anything!!! So disappointing.. Again, why is this educational? The fish in the tank has a white piece of paper on the wall that looked like they had just printed it earlier that morning with the name of the fish.  That's it!! No other information about where the fish is from.. Nothing.  My husband made a comment.. Hey we eat that fish.  You can get that at the Asian market. Lol oh and when we waited to see the movie, a man came in and had to read off a piece of paper his welcome message which had nothing to do with the movie.  just about where the exits were.  Lol nothing to see here.  The only cool thing my kids got was a butterfly and caterpillar balloon that was not made by them (Willie's creations) because it was the grand opening weekend.  Also, the 3d flight of the butterflies movie was great for the kids, but not worth $60. I don't think so.  Save your money and go to desert botanical.  At least there are people who can give you information. Oh and need to add... It took us 35 min (not including movie) to see everything.  We had planned for this to be at least a 2 hr adventure for the price we were paying!!
3	Butterfly Wonderland just opened up May 25th, and there were a lot of families and couples lined up to experience America's newest and largest butterfly conservatory. Admission is about $19 for each adult, with senior and student discounts. When you enter, you have the choice of seeing the 3D movie or moving onward to the next room. The movie is around 15 minutes, and shows off the 3D views and pretty imagery rather than a lot of informative discussion about the monarch butterfly.After the movie, you enter a room that showcases the different pupae that are in the process of transforming into a butterfly. Since there was a large crowd when we went, there was a little bit of a wait for patrons in the actual conservatory to exit before more could enter.The actual conservatory is a photography student's dream. The landscape is a bit ethereal as various butterflies flutter by you. Some may even land on you for a quick second before taking off again. Although we did have a guide to the different species of butterflies in our brochure, there wasn't much else in terms of education about the different butterflies.The next section after the conservatory shows a honeybee colony and several ant colonies. The ant colonies in agar were lighted up with neon, making it look like the ants were having a rave. It was cool to see the honeybees, with the queen marked with a green dot to differentiate her from the other bees.There is also a set of nice aquariums, and a touch pool with stingrays. The aquarium was a weird addition to a butterfly conservatory I thought. The fish were all freshwater common species you could find at your nearest Petsmart (e.g., African cichlids, various gourami, neon tetras). There were a few signs listing the species, but not all the aquariums were labeled. Like the butterfly section, the stingray and fish section didn't have a lot of educational information in them. It took us about an hour to browse through everything. The experience here is nice, but it's more of a visual experience rather than a learning one. Some things that might be good for the exhibits are more information about butterfly conservation, why the different species of butterflies are differently colored, and how different cultures view butterflies. Since there are so many children that visit the conservatory, it would be nice for them to be enticed to learn about nature in addition to the visual interactive beauty of the butterflies.
2	Anxious to see this new addition and knowing it was being marketed as the largest in the US., my family went on the second day it was open.  Admission for 2 adults and 1 child came to $52 and change, which made it more expensive than other local attractions.  Overall, we enjoyed the experience but it was not worth the money, especially when both the Phoenix Zoo and Desert Botanical Garden are a 15 minute drive away, both are cheaper, larger, provide much more to see and do for a longer period of time, and DBG has it's own Spring Butterfly Exhibit.Our son enjoyed the 3D movie, and throughout our entire visit, was the most educational aspect provided - although it centered around Monarch butterflies and their migration only.  The Chrysalis Lab, which you visit next, was the highlight of the visit.  However, there was absolutely no information provided aside from the paper tags identifying the types of butterflies in each type of cocoon.  Because you visit this area directly after the movie and the entire theater is emptied directly into this room, you really only have the length of the next movie to enjoy yourself before being crowded in upon by the next incoming group.  Due to my family being at the back of our theater, by the time the room cleared out enough to give us a good view of the cocoons, we had about 5 minutes or so and then were swarmed by the next large group of people anxious to get a look and were crowded out.The atrium itself was alright, but disappointing for what was being boasted about it.  It was hot and humid, as to be expected, and the vegetation has a lot of growing to do before it can even be considered as rainforest-y.  The butterfly guide provided when admission was paid was both lacking quite a few species which were spotted, and listed a handful which weren't identified anywhere.  Aside from the few guides answering questions for children and marking their punch cards (they received a prize at the end for having a completed punch card), there was absolutely no information, signage, etc. provided anywhere...which was disappointing.The ant colony and bee exhibit were alright, but have potential to be much better.  There were a few native AZ species in a corner that looked like they were thrown in as an afterthought and were out of place.  The fish seemed as an odd addition, and were nothing spectacular.  All very common species of fish found at any chain pet store and in the center of the room was a touch tank with 4 very small stingray laying on the bottom of the pool.  Only one came up on occasion, and the moment it was touched, went straight back down to the bottom.  Not faulting the stingray and wanting to be left alone, but a lot more could be done with that exhibit if they want to make it memorable in any way.Overall, a once-a-year-if-that sort of place unless you REALLY like butterflies.  It was expensive, and didn't provide enough for more than 1 1/2 to 2 hours of entertainment in its entirety.  Other valley organizations are cheaper, and have a lot more to offer.  I'll wait until the Odyssey Aquarium is built next to it, before ever venturing back over to that area.
5	I thought this pretty good. A little spendy but if you take your time and really see everything it not that bad.  We went through the whole thing twice.  Definitely a must see but it will be awhile before my next trip.
4	I went to Butterfly Wonderland opening weekend, and had a fabulous time. It was nice to be educated about these amazing creatures, and be able to see them flying everywhere in the observatory room. I thoroughly enjoyed the 3D movie, and entire experience. This is a great place to take children, and a fun date idea!
4	I agree with a lot of the other comments but for a family friendly place it was great. The 3-d movie was for my daughters first 3d experience. It was quick and to the point. The butterfly garden was great. It was humid but the misters helped and there were so many amazing butterflies. My daughter loved taking photos and trying to get them to land on her. I wish there would have been more info on the different types of butterflies. When we left the butterfly garden we went in to see the bees and ants which were very small and I wish there was more info on them too. The water tanks were cool but the sting ray pool was not even working either. More info would be great but we will be back again for sure!
4	Really unique experience. A little pricey for what it offers, but it can't be cheap to operate, so I can understand. With such few fun summertime options for the kids, I'm happy to have it in the neighborhood.
2	The place is expensive and not great for kids/families looking for an indoor activity during summer. It is hot, humid & not pleasant inside. Only go if you are one of the following:1. A butterfly enthusiast (think, obsession level)2. That person who is always cold, looking for a warm environment That's about it. If admission was $5 then I'd give it 3 stars but the 2nd star is me being nice...
5	Butterfly Wonderland made our weekend. I love, love, love this place. There's a butterfly theater where you learn about the lives of butterflies via 3D, there's a very cute gift shop, a cacoon gallery where you can see butterflies taking form and of course; the habitat.I've been reading some of the other reviews. Yes of course the habitat is hot and humid, these specific breeds of butterflies are found in the rainforest; other conditions would kill them. Still, I'm positive that even people who aren't either A) cold all the time or B) butterfly enthusiasts will love it. I'm actually warm all the time and I fell in love with the place. Butterflies float right by you, sometimes land on your clothes and flutter in bowls of fruit, flowers and on plants. They are beautiful. It's really calming and amazing to see them so close-up. Two helpful hints for the habitat: A) you aren't supposed to touch the butterflies with your hands, it's not good for them and B) look at the ground when you're walking, some of the butterflies relax down there.There's also a small aquarium area with fish and you can pet a stingray. You can see bees in their natural habitat, ants and scorpions also. It would be cool if they had a ladybug exhibit too!Of course, I bought the limited-time-offer lifetime membership, $100 for lifetime access. I know we'll be back many (many) times. I absolutely recommend this place for a date/family outing/engagement proposal/some-much-need alone time... basically anyone should be able to manage an excuse to go here.
3	The experience was nice but a tad pricey for admission fee.  It may be better if there were less people it was very cowed. so I guess if you are a large family it would be best to go during the week.
3	We bought the lifetime family passes.  Kinda wish we hadn't - given the limited experiences of the Butterfly Wonderland, but I'm sure it'll improve over time.The short movie, ants & bees, and aquariums are all afterthoughts.  The real attraction is the butterfly habitat.  We took our two kids (2 and 4) and they did not want to leave.  If you're a photographer or a nature person - it's the place for you.For anyone else - avoid the life-time pass... until you go at least once.  Got a family of 4... go by yourself first to see what that price of admission really get you.
4	An interesting place for kids and adults alike! There is a fun, 3-D movie discussing the life of monarch butterflies and a "nursery" to watch butterflies hatch out of their cocoons. My only piece of advice is for the ladies: Don't bother straightening your hair that day- the butterfly exhibit is very humid!Beautiful butterflies of so many varieties make it well worth the trip.
5	I found this place out by a group I belong to. I decided to go ahead instead. I wasn't disappointed. The cost is a bit high. $20 for just me. First they take you into a theatre to watch in 3-D the flight of the monarch butterflies then you go into a small room with large windows showing cocoon butterflies coming out of them. There is such wild metallic gold and silver ones but they were not hatching. Just wish the room was bigger because after the theatre everyone is crabbed into this small room. You have a choice of entering the butterfly exhibit or view the hatching. The minute you go into the live butterfly exhibit they land on you. There is so many different species to take pictures of them.  The area gets really humid and uncomfortable so you leave to the air conditioned cafe or to the ant, bee, aquarium  and stingrays. Amazing large aquariums with someone to tell you about the exhibit. I thought this place was very educational and relaxing even with the large crowd.
5	We will be going back. Kids loved it and so did I
4	I loved this place! I could spend all day inside the butterfly room if it wasn't so humid. Butterflies are everywhere and will land on you so you can get some awesome pictures. It was nice to just forget about life and look at all the pretty species of butterflies. I'd definitely go back! I would recommend wearing light clothing because you will get very sweaty because of the humidity.
3	I went here on opening weekend (May 25th) with my friend and her two kids.  Prices are okay-$20 for adults, not sure how much she paid for her kids admission.  The 3D movie was awesome and a nice reprieve from the heat.  The cocoon exhibit was ok-kind of a funky smell but with animals/bugs-not like they can help it.  I was a little disappointed with the butterfly atrium as it didn't seem like they had a huge selection of species-we kept seeing the same kinds again and again.  The atrium was extremely humid, so ladies-get prepared for a facial!  The ant farm bee colony, and the 'aquarium' were small and nothing to write home about.  One thing we were super annoyed about was they had on their website that they had a cafe-it's more like a vending machine-pre-wrapped sandwiches and chips-grab lunch before you get here.  Her kids bought avocado sandwiches and it didn't have a speck of avocado in either sandwich-they gave her $ back and said they don't make the sandwiches there.  Bottom line-it's a one time thing, I'd probably not end up going back unless I had kids.
4	Absolutely spectacular.  The beginning can be hectic since everyone goes in and out the same theater door. And the emergence room can be  busy.  But waiting to enter and exit the atrium is very understandable and very worth it. You can spend countless hours here. The perfect indoor place for short legs.  This is butterfly care and science at its best.  The bees,  ants an aquarium are a great plus to the visit. Heads up - Atrium is warm and humid but beautiful.
3	Very nice place. The admission price is WAY TO EXPENSIVE for what they have to offer right now. I ONLY recommend it for butterfly lovers.
2	I so wanted to love this place, but I was so disappointed. *Way too expensive! We spent less than 2 hours and we had seen it all...$19 for adult $10 for kids. *3D movie was the best part, but it is only 15 minutes.*The Emergence Gallery was so crowded it was difficult to get up to the windows. *The Garden is pretty and humid. The butterflies are everywhere! But for the price of one day here I can buy my family annual admission to the Botanical Gardens and see the butterflies often and learn more about them and do the annual Monarch tagging. *The ant farm is a classroom science project...we were very disappointed in the size.*The bee colony was interesting and we did enjoy seeing the bees come and go. *The fish are in wall tanks and seem like the ones you see everywhere. The sting rays are interesting to watch, but there is no place to wash hands after touching the rays...paper towels on the ledge only.*The only restroom is in the front lobby. You must walk through the gift shop to wash hands or bathroom the children...There is no way to avoid the gift shop to get to the restrooms...difficult with small children. The concept of an indoor Butterfly Wonderland is great, unfortunately the reality did not seem like a Wonderland. Our family won't be back. This is not a good value for the money.
5	This a great place for all ages. We really enjoyed the fantastic 3D video intro about the Monarch butterfly. There are many beautiful butterflies to see up close in a natural environment. Also there is a bee hive which bees are able to go outside, collect pollen, and return. The queen is visible. There is a wonderful aquarium with fish swimming around and touchable! The best!!!! Thanks for co I g to Scottsdale. Anyone want to volunteer there with me?
4	I admit it. I was prepared to not be impressed, but I was and I really enjoyed it. It's expensive and honestly I can't see spending more than one hour maybe two. The 3D movie is wonderful. The atrium is lovely, so many butterflies flying around, landing on you. I felt like I was in another country. While my kids liked it, we discovered my 3 y/o  is terrified of butterflies, hehe.Definitely go first thing in the morning: less crowded and not as hot. Like someone mentioned, it's a place to go at least once.
2	Eh...it was OK. Brought my sons caregiver, my son (13) and myself...it was 58$!!! holy hella expensive!! My child has autism, so I wasn't sure what to expect from him with all the butterflies flapping about. We first saw the movie, which is good if you like 3-D stuff...but for me it just made me nauseated and gave me a bit of a headache. My son was NOT thrilled with the butterflies, and was shooing them away from him and trying to shoo them away with his foot too, so one of the workers got all in a tizzy about this...as if he was going to go kill the butterflies  or something...sheesh!!  While I was there I saw 4 people step on butterflies, and my son didn't even so much as graze against one....the guy clearly didn't understand the disability, or was just an ass...:(( the sting ray thing was ok as well, but not overly exciting...my son did seem to like that, but likely because he liked the fish in the tank, and water in general. Over all it was just Meh.....overpriced....WAY overpriced...I went, I saw....and now I don't think I will go again.....not until the other stuff is done in 2 years. This  is just MY experience...I'm sure others enjoyed it, but I didn't.
5	This place is amazing and is totally worth the ticket fee.  Be sure to check this out!  Get their first thing to avoid overcrowding.
3	An exciting place to see beautiful different species of butterflies. The 15 minute 3D video about Monarch butterflies was informative and enjoyable. You then enter into a room with a few cases of emerging butterflies and it was actually very cool to see all the different types of chrysalis. The atrium is full of a butterflies that fly all around you. For the butterflies comfort, the room is extremely humid and hot so don't expect to spend too much time in there before melting. You then see a small display of ants and bees and then fish and sting rays. There is also a little cafe, but I did not eat there.Overall, I think the place is something to check out once, but nothing to rush to. However, I thought it was way over priced. I paid the $16.95 student fee, which came to $18 with tax, $10 would have been more reasonable. You only spend an hour there before you're ready to leave (and really you could see it all in 30 minutes if you really wanted to). The staff member in the fish room couldn't tell us anything and was googling things for us, which we could have done ourselves. He said he normally works in the butterfly area, so maybe we just went at the wrong time. I thought there would be more information about the different species and more displays of butterflies in frames.
5	Wonderful to see!  We loved it!!
4	Well worth it. I highly recommend this to anyone who does not bring a screaming child. The butterflies do not take well to the wailing. Sorry.
1	Worst experience ever! It's super expensive and the staff is NOT friendly!! $60 for 1 adult and 2 children's for 30 min and that's include 10 min for a movie!! Again worst experience ever!!! So disappointed ! I don't recommend it whatsoever !!!
4	"Butterflies! Butterflies! Butterflies!"Butterflies are pretty much all my toddler would talk about today after our visit to Butterfly Wonderland.  I didn't really have expectations going in to check this place out; I only knew that they were newly opened and had lots of butterflies and a 3D butterfly movie.  I went with Alexa M (my sister-in-law) and my two kids (both under 2).  Luckily the kids were free because my adult ticket was $18.95 and Alexa's student ticket was $16.95... kind of pricey for what it is!We found all of the employees very friendly -- especially Myrna who took our tickets and gave us our 3D glasses upon entering.  She even gave my son an extra butterfly stamp on his hand since he's kind of obsessed with both stamps and butterflies!  And while he wouldn't sit still for the movie, he absolutely loved seeing the butterflies in the atrium despite the humidity.  He also loved the fountain and fish (both indoors and out).The cafe and gift shop were satisfactory but overpriced.  Even so, this is a fun place to visit with the kids or without.  If you're looking for an activity to eat up an hour or two max, and you have some extra $$ to spend, I do recommend this place... We actually ended up getting annual passes since my son liked it so much.
4	I'll be honest.  I'm not a huge butterfly fan.  In general, I'm not a fan of things flying at my face (even pretty things) but my friend wanted to go as part of a birthday outing.  The 3D movie was actually really cool and probably would have been even better had it not been for the children in front of me who were never taught how to behave in public.  The butterfly-ararium (?) was quite nifty as well.  It's similar to the yearly Butterfly House at the Desert Botanical Gardens but on a much larger (and more permanent) scale.  There are LOTS of photo ops here so bring your camera.  Apparently, butterflies like the spa so prepare yourself for a sauna-esque environment.  (My pores were so open afterward!).  There are also other exhibits too...ant farms, bee hives, fish and a sting-ray pool.  Most of the stingrays were anti-social but there was one that seemed to enjoy gliding along the top and making little girls (including me) squeal.  I have no idea how stingrays relate to butterflies but I suppose it's less random than say, giraffes.
4	Had a good time.
4	The Butterfly Wonderland is SUCH a cute idea. I can't believe someone hadn't already thought of it and opened it. You go in and there is a cute small museum for butterflies and a gift shop, this is followed by a 3D education movie (great for children) on the Monarch and then you go into the "butterfly wonderland" where you walk along   a little path where the butterflies flutter all around you and land on you. You can take pictures and it is def. great for kids. Overall, it is such an adorable place. However, I gave it four stars because the prices are high for what it is. This may be because it is new and eventually they will come down. Adults are around $18 dollars each while kids are about 1/2 of that.
4	Went here on an adult field trip with my girlfriend. It was a great date activity. It's a little hot to be going here in the Summer, and it's definitely humid inside with the butterflies, but it's worth going for sure. We went ahead and bought annual passes because that's like our thing now - annual passes for shit we'll end up going to just once or twice. We were bummed to find out we had just missed the lifetime passes - they stopped selling them. But there's a ton of cool stuff to see here besides just butterflies, and the 3d movie was entertaining. We got our money out of it. The photography opportunities here are fantastic. I brought my dslr and snapped off a bunch. If you're into photography at all, this is a great place to go as well. The atrium is well laid out and there's even a nice koi pond in the middle... we probably wandered around for a good hour and a half or so. Watch your step - you may squish one. They are pretty good about cleaning up the casualties and they are also good about warning visitors not to be dicks - but people are dicks so you may see some trampled on butterflies. Just be aware.If you're a parent and bringing your children here and they don't understand death yet and will cry when they see a dead butterfly and you aren't ready to have that talk... or they misbehave and pull wings off or kill insects because you are raising a serial murderer - then this probably isn't the place for you. Take your kid to the playground at McDonalds and feed them a happy meal. This is a more sophisticated outing for a more sophisticated child and parent. It's an educational thing and also might spark a love for butterflies. Dudebros - this is a great place to take a chick on a date - but maybe not in the Summer - her makeup will sweat off her face and her hair will frizz out. If she's cool with that, then you've got yourself a good one. If you're not cool with that as a dudebro, then maybe you are shallow and should talk to someone about it... I don't know. The giftshop is neat and filled with some good stuff, but it's all very expensive. Overall, it's a great experience that doesn't cost much more than going to the movies and provides a much more unique experience.
4	The 3D film was amazing! My 2 year old loved seeing the butterflies flying everywhere (and landing on her). $18.95 is very steep, but I assume this is to offset the opening overhead costs.
3	This gets three tentative stars. It's advertised to be the largest indoor butterfly atrium in "the Americas" and I suppose that is true. But the experience overall was extremely underwhelming and I will tell you why.First, the good. The Butterfly Exhibit in Boston is much smaller than this place. It's actually more like a closet than anything. So the good news is that Scottsdale's exhibit beats Boston's by several factors.Now, the bad. I went to the Butterfly Exhibit in Xcaret last year and it was FOUR times bigger than Scottsdale's. Butterfly Wonderland measures ten thousand square feet...Xcaret is forty-thousand and is two full levels. Now back to Butterfly Wonderland: After paying the fee ($$$!) you go down a hallway showing meager butterfly art. Then you're led into the theater, where you see a brief 3-D movie on Monarch Butterflies. Nice movie. It's definitely geared for kids, so it's very streamlined and the language of the movie is oh-so-easy to understand...but the sheer simplicity of the movie means that lots of information gets weeded out. I am an information geek. Cram my cranium with it! I can take it. Even as a child, I could. All that information would entice me to buy books, research, maybe even plant my own butterfly garden so that I can be a part of the action...So all too soon, the movie ends. And you are led to the Butterfly Atrium. The atrium itself is very nice, and it should be, since it is brand new. Thousands of butterflies abound! In the air, clustered around flowers, gathering upon each other to get at bowls heaped with cut fruit. Ten thousand feet is ten thousand feet...and all too soon you walk in your little semi-circle and it's over. I walked slowly, took many pictures and some videos, and was still in and out of the "largest atrium of the Americas" in less than 12 minutes.After leaving the atrium was a tinny ant exhibit, bee exhibit, scorpion exhibit, and then some aquariums filled with fish you can see at the pet store. The lighting was pretty bad. Many signs were permanently hidden in shadows, making them very difficult to impossible to read. As for the fish and other creatures, the tags just showed their names but no other information. Where do they live? Why are they featured? What do they eat? Are they endangered? These are questions that children and adults ask.So, the next stop was a stingray tank, which you can step up to. Being able to touch these magnificent animals is definitely a highlight. However. At the Wildlife World Zoo, you can purchase some food for a buck or two and actually FEED these graceful creatures. Then there is the obligatory gift shop...for kids. Not too many items that would interest an adult. And remember, I'm just a big kid at heart...so I know that the chinsy toys offered just didn't cut it for me as a child as well. The effort that went into this place is tremendous. But it's very small and you can seriously be done with the whole thing in less time than it took to drive here. I know and understand that they have to cater to the mentality of children, but that does not mean you have to dumb yourself down. Challenge children to think! Challenge their geography! Challenge their vocabulary! Teach them to read and write cursive! But I digress.This is certainly worth a look. And a look is all you will get. You'll get some very nice pics from the Atrium. Other than that, I recommend the Wildlife World Zoo.
2	Being a nature lover, I always try to visit aquariums, botanical gardens, etc. when I travel, so I was very excited to learn of this new place in the city I live. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. While the butterfly atrium by itself was pretty nice, it is not the "largest" space of butterflies in North America. The butterfly exhibit within the already HUGE Xcaret park in Mexico is about 4 times larger and set within a netted area of the rain forest with waterfalls and tropical plants. Also, the emergence "gallery" was paltry compared to Xcaret's extensive ROOMS of emerging butterflies in all the different stages of development along with the interesting stages of plants used. The conservatory has just one circular path that takes about 15 minutes. And after the 15 minute film on Monarch butterflies, I can't justify the steep $20 entrance fee. Ant colony? This was basically just several of the kits that they sell in the gift shop opened and displayed under a glass case. Honey Bee extravaganza? That's a bit of an overstatement. Good luck finding any queens as the lighting is so poor, most of the panels are in darkness. And the "Rivers of the Amazon"? These are just large aquariums of exactly the same fish that you can buy at Petsmart, at which I would rather go to for free. The sting ray pool was a let down too, as even at the World Wildlife Zoo, they have a pool with a ton of sting rays that you can even feed. Here, there are just a few babies that good luck if you get to touch one that may venture to go near your fingers (you are only allowed to put your hand in up to your knuckles).The cafe looked like an afterthought with one of those cheap Target-like menu boards serving about the same level of food: think hot dogs, chips, etc. Whoever designed this place has made some very poor decisions. How about lower the entrance fee, but have a more inviting sit-down cafe with table service and excellent food? Instead, you have this empty cafeteria-like place with tons of bored employees just standing around.Basically, I was in and out within an hour and left feeling cheated. Even the gift shop was a total letdown. Where are the magnets? Hello! Wind chimes with butterflies? Nope. Move on.
3	It was just okay for the price.  The movie was great, the exhibit itself was decent but not for what we paid to get in.  They really should lower the price if they want to attract families.
4	Who doesn't like and admire butterflies?  If you don't, then you are missing out. These little creatures transform from a mass that barely moves into a colorful, graceful,  delicate little air dancing machine.The Butterfly Wonderland has the largest atrium in the US for butterflies to roam around.  It's quite an amazing site watching these amazing little spectacles fly around near plants that grow well here in AZ. So if you're a plant lover then this place will be of interest to you as well.Upon arrival here, some may be shocked with the admission price of $18.95 for adults and $10 for kids. If you're budget friendly this is not the place for you.  I feel that this place is definitely worth it to check out, but with the lofty admission I could see guests only coming back every so many years and not becoming regulars.Overall the place is not huge so give yourself about an hour and a half to enjoy everything. Make sure to not skip the 3D Monarch butterfly show as you start your journey.
5	A great indoor place to bring the kids for something fun to do.  Highly recommend!
4	What a unique experience for kids, not so much boys so thankfully I got a girl to share this with. Brand new state of the art facility, so I'm assuming thats what your paying for at the ticket counter. A bit pricey if you ask me but the gift shop was actually reasonable so thats a wash in my book.....We were just in time to catch a 3D documentary on the flight & life of a monarch butterfly. I've seen this before on the tele but it was pretty cool in 3D. Then from there we went into this staging room before the atrium were we got to see several different types of butterflies emerging from their cocoons. Pretty cool! This place is great because there is no rush, it's all at your own speed. After watching butterflies break out of their cocoons we were off to the atrium. a butterfly haven. NO TOUCHING, NO PICKING UP but if they land on you thats ok. Hard for a little girl to grasp so I had to keep reminding her. Trust me when I say the butterfly keepers are on it too! The only thing I don't like about this experience is Summer, it was nice and toasty in there and the humidity was off the charts. From there tho you can cool down in the snack shop before you continue on.....The next area is about insects & fish. Really good displays of both & a shallow tank with sting rays in them for petting. Not as spectacle as sea world but worth saving yourself a 5 hour drive over. You make your way thru the gift shop and after that your at the entrance/exit, round 2-sure, there's no time limit, how great! My recommendations is try enjoying this place in better weather, you'll get your monies worth for sure being able to stay longer. Thank you who ever put this together, a great thing to have here in the valley. I will refer like mad!
4	An absolutely great time. Inside the butterfly atrium is like stepping into a dream. Thousands of butterflies of all shapes, colors and varieties flying around, some will even land on you. The movie was fantastic and the 3D effects were amazing. It was very informative and entertaining, great for kids and adults alike. Before I went in I thought this would be a one time visit, but after touring the exhibit I considered upgrading to the annual pass. I decided against it, however I think I will make a return trip to Butterfly Wonderland.
5	This place is great for kids, particularly my two crazy kids who are in awe and wonder with the thousand of butterflies that are here. For adults, it's good too, but not as great as for the kids.
4	First of all, I have to say I'm very glad to see an attraction like this in Scottsdale & we will definitely go again.  I do agree with many other reviewers that the $20 price tag for adults is a little steep.  For a family of four you're looking at around $70.00 for a visit.  However, they do sell a Family Annual Pass for a little over $120 bucks, so that is definitely the better way to go if you plan on going more than once.I have 2 kids, a 4 year old, and a 7 year old.  The 7 year old loved it, as she adores anything nature related & is fascinated by animals, insects, fish, etc.  The 4 year old....not so much.  He did not like the butterflies literally everywhere inside the atrium & was frightened by them constantly flying near his face & around him. It seemed the children we saw either really,really loved it or didn't at all & were scared of the butterflies. I admit, as an adult it does take some getting used to all of  butterflies constantly swirling around you at any given time, but once you do it's awesome.  My 7 year old couldn't wait to get a picture with butterflies on her, and we did!  The fish tanks, ray petting area, bee & ant exhibits can be done in about 10-15 minutes, so aren't really much to write home about.  The 3D movie is highly recommended & is very fascinating & beautiful to watch.  Both of my children really enjoyed it & had no problem sitting still through the 15 minute length. Overall, we enjoyed the educational & unique nature of this attraction. You will have to decide for yourself if you and your children would enjoy this, and whether or not they will be scared by lots of things flying around them.
5	What a great experience.  One of the best attractions of the Valley. Young and old alike will enjoy their time in this beautiful oasis. Standing among thousands of beautiful butterflies flying around you was an overwhelming experience. Every where you look there is a photo op. The area with the fish was great.  We got to pet and feed the stingrays. The large tanks help fish from around the world. I recommed this for everyone.
1	I went on September 1st and I have to say I was miserable.  It was over 65.00 for two adults and a 5yr and 8yr old.  We waited in a long line front from the begining and then went to see a movie.  The movie was good and we did like that but everything else was poor.  This place is beautiful on the outside but a poor set up on the inside.  Hot and humid and the butterfly exhibit though beautiful had dead ends in each section, It would of been more functional to keep it going with the walk way so it was not so congested. Also the ant exhibit was horrible and the fish tanks were really no big deal.  We live in Arizona so we know what scorpions are.  Just think the fee to get in was way to much for what you were given.  The cafeteria cost 13.00 for two bags of candy and two juice boxes and then you leave thru the gift store which every kid was complaining as they wanted a toy or somthing.  Clever on the store part but not fair to the parents.  We bought a plastic butterfly ring and with tax as 4.91 for a 10 cent ring. I will never go back and I bet this will be closed down before to long.   Sorry but have to be honest.
4	We got a 10 percent discount from the hotel we were staying so well worth the price.  The 3-D movie was only about 15 minutes, but it was cool.  And the butterflies were gorgeous.Next you go into a room where you can see butterfly chrysallis and they're actually hatching out of them right then and there.  If you have the patience, you can see several different types of butterfly emerging.Next area is where all the butterfly are.  There are a ton.  Way more than you'd see at the butterfly attraction in San Diego.  The minute you walk in, there are a swarm of butterflies.  You have to watch where you place your feet as well, as there are butterflies on the ground as well.  Several butterflies landed on my daughter.  She was both thrilled and nervous.  She wanted them to land on her, but it scared her a little.  At one point, I had three butterflies landing on my shirt.  This is a great place for photographers.  You'll get a ton of butterfly photographs and there's so many different varieties.The only drawback is that it is quite humid and hot.  My husband turned bright red, so we had to take a break in their snack room.   There's plenty of parking.  It's going to be part of the Odyssea complex some day.  It looks awesome.  I can't wait to go back when everything is in place.
4	I've been twice since it opened. I took a 6. And 9 year old. They loved it! The 3D movie is excellent. I would recommend a visit.
1	Do not go with young kids!  Expensive, bad food, small rooms, poor customer service and not stroller friendly.  They make you sit thru a 15 minute movie which was miserable with my little ones.  The food was terrible and overpriced.  People were literally returning rotten fruit in front of me and the cashier would l t take anything off the shelves.  The staff were rude - we got yelled at in the atrium because my toddler had a butterfly land on her and she went nuts I'm talking screaming ballistic.  We could t find a staff to help us so we took the butterfly off of her to get her to stop yelling and immediately a staff appears out of nowhere and is yelling at us for touching it.  I was not impressed with the customer service and was told we couldn't skip the movie even with 3 toddlers who just would not sit still and bothered the people around us.
3	Being thus far child free, I'm not sure Butterfly Wonderland was really worth it on a crowded Saturday.  At $41 for two full adult admissions, you might be better suited attending and a quiet Tuesday when you can really stand around staring for awhile. The Wonderland begins w/ a 3D movie which is light on science, heavy on emotional pull (especially for those kiddies), and occasionally sprinkled w/ unexpected but welcome warnings about butterfly habit destruction.  Not sure there was a single real butterfly in the whole movie, but the 3D effect are actually somewhat stunning, even if they are a bit blurry, sometimes.The small hatchery, obviously only a portion of the location's incubation activities is still sort of lovely to look at: Chrysalides are varied and range from sparkly and golden to horrific and alien.  Butterfly room gets to be a bit much after 20 or so minutes.  Obvious word of warning:  You will be wet. And sometimes blind, as steam is continually pouring into the environment to keep things a little bit tropical.  Butterflies are everywhere, so uncontrollable children might prove lethal and are better left stomping around at home.  But, there are butterflies! You're not allowed to taunt or beckon, but sometimes you're lucky enough to be a safe haven for a big blue winged thing for a couple of seconds.  Butterfly Wonderland also includes some ant and bee colonies as well as a small underwhelming aquarium and sting ray tank (All the rage these days, poor string rays.  The tank at World Wildlife Zoo in Surprise still reigns supreme, in terms of number and charming hunger of the rays). A cafe sells something or other.  Low grade and over priced, if it matches other museum/zoo food options.  Gift shop full of gift shop type stuff.Entire location is flat (except for one raised and ramped section of the Butterfly room) so wheelchairs are definitely welcome.
3	This exhibit was lovely and the people who work there are all REALLY nice and helpful/knowledgeable, but it is really really pricey. Adults are $18 weekdays and it is really a one hour kind of place. The butterflies are beautiful and the movie about the life of a butterfly is informative.
4	When I went to see the butterflies, I was not in a good mood.  That quickly changed when I entered the Butterfly Wonderland.  When I entered the butterfly room, I felted as if I had walked into a Disney movie feeling like Snow White.  This is a wonderful place.  Yes, the cost is high, but there is a lot that goes into taking care of the butterflies, plant, nectar, humidity sprayers, etc.  All of this beauty in one place is just great.  I also loved the migration movie.  It really puts things in perspective.  I likes the cocoons as well.There are improvements that can be made, but I will come back next year and see if they are folding the money back into the environment to bring people back with new items.
5	I was relieved to love every minute of this, even the movie with scoffing idiots behind me and overly perfumed grandmas in front of me, because I knew that if I didn't feel psychotic joy at a butterfly wonderland I'd have to accept myself as irreparably jaded.The chrysalis/cocoon room was like slow-motion Christmas; I could have never moved on to the atrium and still been absolutely psyched about what I got to see. Those metallic chrysalises! Enormous moths with wingtips that mimic snake heads!BUT THEN I WENT INTO THE ATRIUM. Raining butterflies. Bright blue giants swooping around your legs, reds and greens and lavenders alighting on trees and fruits, and completely charming attempts by the occasional lady butterfly to deposit eggs on an unsuspecting-but-enchanted guest. I was worried about the humidity beforehand, but it was the last thing on my mind when I got in there with my camera and transformed into an excitable eight-year-old.The best part of the 3D monarch film was the little kid next to me who kept reaching out to grab the butterflies. The best part of the non-butterfly exhibits was the UV-fluorescing scorpions.Wishlist:1. A viewing room for feeding caterpillars, to complete the progression of the life cycle. Sounds like they currently ship pupated stock to the facility rather than rear on-site; one hopes these are not collected from the wild.2. Instrumental music or recordings of rainforest noise in place of horrifying Small World-style tunes and hippie serenades.Ultimately, the day I visited Butterfly Wonderland was the day a blue Morpho landed on my head, and that was all I ever really wanted.
4	Went with my three children as part of a homeschool field trip.  It cost just over $5 per person as part of the group.We LOVED it!!  My kids did not want to go and were complaining.  Now they can't wait to go back again.The 3D movie was very entertaining and we all learned quite a bit about monarch butterflies.The display that has butterflies hatching out of their cocoon was my favorite part.  We got to watch 2 different butterflies hatch in the less than 10 minutes we were watching.Kids had a fabulous time having butterflies land on them and taking pictures.The scorpions and black light was fun.  Touching the sting rays was fun.Look forward to coming back!
2	I believe the replies made by Butterfly Wonderland to some of the posts here pretty much sums up the experience here. It's just enough to be courteous but nothing extraordinary to make you want to come back. Why would a company provide canned responses that say "I'm sorry for your experience!" -and love the exclamation point in the end. First I just want to say I have been looking forward to this for awhile. I've been talking about the building when it first came up and the future plans that are yet to come with the aquarium and Ripley's. I really hope this place does not represent what is yet to come.First from the 101 freeway on outside this place looks to be nice and air conditioned. Oh my goodness please don't pay for a gym membership just come here for a sauna!  Yes we came when it was 115 degrees out but are you kidding me everyone was sweating buckets for how hot and humid this place was. I think we stayed in the butterfly area for 15 minutes. 10 of those minutes was close to the back where the "air" was. Seriously visit the 6 other months when it's nicer. Which leaves me to this conclusion....what is this place thinking?  This is the desert. We Phoenicians love our AC at 75. No one goes out of the house unless there is an opportunity for shelter in an icebox.  This place is expensive at $20 a person.  I was willing to pay the price but expected so much more value. I've been to the butterfly habitat in a Six flags in Northern California and I felt like I had a much more enjoyable butterfly experience there than this dedicated place. Let me offer some tips to justify this price tag and bring more people in:1. Seriously...board those windows up and get A/C and get rid of that humidity If its not the right climate for the butterflies then you better find some that do.  The other butterfly habitat I was at it was outdoors but was not humid and I believe it was about 80 degrees. You absolutely need to consider this to survive in the desert and for us locals to help spread the word on your establishment. 2.  Your employees better add to the experience than do the bare minimum. Try smiling, interact with the guests...add to the experience and don't just stock items. Those opening closing "protect the butterfly" human door guards need to have more personality. That was everyone's first and last experience of this place and it was blah. They need better coaching to bring their A game. 3.  The second half of the exhibit... What the heck is that? Random ant farms from hobby stores and scorpions that look like teens are trying to keep? I mean can you do better than a blacklight flashlight on a chain that doesn't work? Wire up a cheap button to light up a strip black light.  I really hope there are bigger plans for this it just really looked rushed or not well planned out. I think the bees thing was cool but the "experience" of it wasn't. It just wasn't presented well. I love that the bees fly on and out of the building themselves. Yet there was nothing that told me that and it seemed hidden. I have no idea about the fish...I'm assuming they were inexpensive compared to the other fish and so you bought them. 4.  Upkeep. New building and there's paint missing and tape holding up the wall in the bee area? Cheap paper signs telling me to give me my ticket?  Think experience. This is my first impression. You paid thousands of dollars to get those giant butterflies in the ceiling and you go cheap on signs and upkeep?  Cafeteria get an interior designer. It just feels like a high school cafeteria than part of an "amusement park". 5.  Make this place more kid friendly. Maybe allow strollers. Nothing like holding a sweaty 97 degree kid next to me so she doesn't squash anything. Have a play area? I don't know we're customers you should know your clientele. This place obviously is to attract young families so think that way. 6.  Get tons more butterflies.Okay now I'm ranting... If you are considering coming here wait for the fall or winter. I doubt you'll be back until prices are cheaper or if they make the premium price worth it. Just go to say you've gone. I guess I'll see you in a few years when hopefully you're still here and you've improved.
4	Fun place to visit, especially if you have kids!
5	Our first experience was back in August. We came here in honor of our baby girl who passed away and we happened to call her our "Baby Butterfly". We needed a healing experience and this was the perfect place. We drove 5 hours from Las Vegas just to visit this beautiful, enchanting place. We had such a wonderful time, I wanted to call personally to thank the staff and compliment them. We happened to speak to the executive director and told him our reason for coming and thanked him for a great time. He was so touched that he promised to take extra care of the butterflies in our baby's honor. I don't even know how to call that great "customer service" because it was so much more than that. We were treated like family. With an experience like that, we just had to come back. I emailed Mr. Fox to say how excited we were to return. We arrived yesterday and we greeted by him. He surprised us with bringing us into the conservatory to release a batch of butterflies for their first flight in honor of my baby girl. Tears rolled down my face... Butterfly Wonderland knows the true meaning of treating their guests like family. The entire experience, Was unforgettable, both times and we plan to return soon since we are now lifetime members.
5	Absolutely stunning!  First, you start with a cool and informative 3D movie...sets the stage for what beauty is about to come when you step into the butterfly atrium.  This place puts a smile on my face...you are surrounded by such beauty!  I have never seen so many butterflies and so many different kinds at that.  I took many photos, but they just didn't do it justice and it was hard to capture because the butterflies are moving so fast.  The entrance fee is pricey, but worth every penny!
3	I didn't really set any expectations for this place because I have never been to anything like this.  It was a fun experience.  The 3D movie at the beginning was really interesting.  The atrium was very humid, there are butterflies EVERYWHERE! I felt a bit intimidated as I was in their environment.  I was wary when walking because many of them land on the floor.  It's quite difficult to capture them as they fly around.. resulting in photos of flying black dots.  Its a great place to take kids.  As for the pricey entrance.. we would not come back unless we someone out of state were to visit.
5	Great experience. We live in a dry desert, so enjoy the rainforest environment. It's humid, so dress appropriately. The movie was really great, staff and volunteers were helpful. Butterflies and the large moths are magnificent.
5	This place is fantastic! We definitely recommend going! We loved having the butterflies all around us!
4	Joy would sum it up.  Beautiful butterflies flying all around. Come for experience rather an expectation.  Four stars because it was fun, interesting, and unique.  Children love seeing the butterflies, photographers enjoy the easy access to great photo shots, most importantly this was a great place to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday.
3	In from out of town looking for something to do with boys, 12, 11 and 9. If I had a groupon, living social deal or coupon my review would probably be better.  For $5 entry as stated by another reviewer this would have been FANTASTIC. Just about $50 for all of us to get in. Made it through in an hour. The butterflies are amazing, the 3D movie is great.  There is nothing negative to say about the place, it's the cost for so little that is hard to swallow.
4	Ooooh butterfly wonderland! This was a really fun date for my boyfriend and I, and it was something new we had never experienced before. Butterflies sound so romantic and pretty, right?WRONG. When they land on you, it is scary. Every time a butterfly got close to us we were both a little "flighty" (hahahahah). We were very worried about stepping on them, too, so we spent a lot of time staring at the ground. We were about half way through the misty butterfly garden when my boyfriend said "OH  MY GOSH. DON'T. MOVE."There was  a butterfly on my neck. There was a butterfly on my neck! I whimpered while he took a picture, holding my neck in an awkward position to accommodate the little guy. My boyfriend laughed until it finally flew away. He kept making jokes about it UNTIL he looked down and discovered the same butterfly lounging on the side of his shorts. Then he didn't find it so funny. Ha! Once we got our courage back and made peace with a few butterfly landings, we really enjoyed finding the different types of butterflies and hanging out in the garden. We got some nice butterfly pictures, too. So, yes, this is a great date place for me. Good memories.
5	This place was a total surprise for me.  I was not expecting much but really enjoyed the whole experience.  The 3-d movie was fantastic and one of the best films made in 3-d I have ever seen.  It was very serene to be in the butterfly garden and to see so many of them fluttering about.  The aquariums and sting ray touch tank was a bonus!
4	the 3d movie was excellent,   atrium and has a lot of butterflies for the kids to look at and interact with.
4	For being the biggest butterfly exhibit in the US it is not that big... I had a great time nonetheless :) once you walk in you watch an informative 3D movie about the monarch butterfly. Afterwards, you see the butterfly chrysalis and some moth cocoon displays. Awesome! The best part is once you pass this and walk into a room where they explain the rules about the exhibit. NO TOUCHING BUTTERFLIES!! :'(((( blah! That's ok because they are allowed to touch you! :) Once you spend an ungodly amount of time chasing butterflies and begging them to land on you, back in the building you go to enjoy some desert bugs and aquariums.
5	$18.95 for adults & 10% off for AAA members...and ps wear bright colored shirts it attracts the butterflies :-)What a truly beautiful place!!!! A place right out of a fairytale!!!We were in Arizona visiting my mom for the holiday weekend & was searching for interesting things to do while we were here. Have to say there wasnt tooo too much going on in scottsdale but this is the diamond in the rough!!!! To be able to walk amongst thousands of beautiful butterflies just living their lives is such a breathtaking experience!!! When i first brought the idea of coming here up to the boys they looked at me liked...butterflies?? are you serious?? but the way their faces lit up when we all entered into the atrium/greenhouse & were surrounded by butterflies was PRICELESS!!!! I wasnt too sure if this was a place more geared towards kids or adults too but I swear all the pictures a group of 5 adults took & the looks on all our faces was reason enough for all adults to check this place out. I will say there are ALOT of kids here...When you walk into the facility after buying your tickets you watch a short 3D movie on butterflies...its actually pretty cool...but hard to enjoy it completely with all the screaming & shouting children but once you get into the atrium it calms down a tad...but remember it is a great place for kids to learn as well so prepare yourself for that if your not a huge fan of the little hoodlums haha.It really is indescribable. They are everywhere...whizzing past your heads...landing on a flower right next to you...feasting on the bowls of fruit they had laid all over the place & in the middle of it all was a great waterfall fountain. IDK why but it took me a little bit to get used to them landing on me..i would get a little scared & fidgidy like how am i so sketchy about such a beautiful creature hahaha so it may take a bit getting used to not flinching when they waft your way. But it is such a perfectly peaceful place & there is no other place like it. The best part of all is the butterflies actually land on you if you stand still!!! I had one chill on my hand long enough to get some pictures with it!! My advice to all is where BRIGHT colored clothing & shirts & that will attract them to land on you. My mom had on a teal shirt and they would land on her every chance they got. Another guy had 2 butterflies mating on his pant leg for the entire time he was there lol. You can stay in the atrium as long as you like just watch your step because some will land on the ground and just relax there lol.  The one & only reason we didnt stay in the atrium forever is because it is SUPERRRRR hot & humid...ladies...if you dont want your hair getting frizzy either wear it up or wear a hat because we all came out sweaty, wet & looking like we walked thru a monsoon.They also have a few other rooms with a sting ray petting tank & reptile & spider terreriums as well as you get to see hundreds of butterflies in their cryssalis stage of life..we even got to see a few emergeing from their cocoons!!!This is such a beatiful place & you really learn alot being here & i would recommend EVERYONE check it out. You will really be taken away to a midsummer nights dream!
4	Well worth the money----Food choices were limited, I wish they offered more and had a theme to the food.I am a little surprised that a staff member told me they are not there to talk about the butterflies---but rather to make sure everyone behaved?!?!?!
5	It is a wonderful place for a family to visit. The kids can learn many new knowledges about the butterfly and how to get along well with the natural  environment. The 3D movie shows the butterfly migration from Canada to south of America. Three generations of butterfly contribute to the moving. It is so beautiful and shows butterfly of great perseverance.
4	Had a very nice time. 3D Movie was excellent and the butterfly room was breathtaking as expected. Aquarium was small but nice. Didn't take too long to see everything and was a bit pricey especially if you have a couple of kids in tow. Centrally located which makes it easy to get to and bear lots of other stuff. Don't miss the honey bees.
4	What a great place!  My wife and I took my mom here when she visited for the holidays, and we had a really enjoyable time.  The short 3D movie was really well done, and when we finished with that, it was really neat seeing all of the new butterflys 'hatching' out of their chrysallis in the next room.  And when we got to the Butterfly pavillion...well heck, who doesn't like it when all the butterflys float all around you and occasionally land on your shirt?Great!
4	LOCATION/PARKING:  Right off the 101. Easy, free parking.THINGS TO DO: There is a big butterfly house, a stingray petting tank, some fish tanks, a few insect exhibits, an informative and beautiful 15 minute 3D movie, an impressive gift shop, and a small no frills cafe.The butterfly house is great! Very large, well maintained, relaxing, and even plays gentle music in the background. The butterflies are beautiful and there are never-ending opportunities for taking some beautiful photos! The 3D movie is fun- be prepared for kids squealing.  It is beautifully done and provides a good bit of information about monarchs and their migration to/from Mexico. The other exhibits are pretty weak, but well maintained and you can see the potential. VALUE: Sort of on the pricey side (about $18 admission, includes everything; cheaper for kids/seniors) but is enjoyable. NOTEWORTHY:  Be careful not to step on a butterfly!!FINAL VERDICT: I would recommend a stop here. Perfect place for a family outing, a date, a solo trip to see something different, a casual day trip for friends.  If you are okay with the idea of spending money to walk among butterflies, I can safely say that you would enjoy it here.
4	as a short little birthday treat for my butterfly obsessed lady, we went on a little tour of this relatively new item in scottsdale. i found it strange when they were building it, out in the desert, in a non-descript parcel of land off the 101, why anyone would build a butterfly sanctuary in arizona, land of 120 degree summer temps?well they did, and it was only a matter of time before we would go. we bought tix online and good thing we did because the ticket lines were super long. we were able to get in quickly, get our stamp and wait for about 5 minutes for the "flight of the monarch" 3-D movie. it's a neat little show about the monarchs, but we had more than a few screaming kids in the audience for the 15 minute show. on to the chrysalis, or butterfly nursery exhibit. that was really neat to see real live butterfly's being "born". there is an ant, bee, small aquarium exhibit, and desert insect exhibit, but the real fun starts in the butterfly exhibit. tip: wear bright clothes and you're likely to get a few of these delicately beautiful insects to land on you!there were hundreds of absolutely magical butterfly's floating around. their colors and the closeness as to which you could approach them was truly amazing. they are bugs and only live 2 weeks, but it's still very neat to see them up close and be awed how pretty they are. weekends are probably packed, but on this sunday around 11am, it wasn't too bad. all the staff were super friendly and the price is decent for an hour or 2!
5	This place was amazing. There's over 2,000 butterflies fluttering around. We had quite a few land on us. Got some great shots of some just breath taking butterflies! The staff was so nice and took time out to talk to you and tell you a little more about the butterflies. They even offered to take some pics for you. The rooms with fish and other animal exhibits were pretty cool. We really liked the bee exhibit. That was pretty cool. It's a fun place to spend an afternoon.
3	The 3D movie was good. A little expensive for such a small place. Took only about an hour and a half to go through it.
4	This is a neat desert attraction for anyone who likes butterflies. They start you off with a 3D movie Flight of the Monarch-which teaches you a lot and shows some gorgeous scenes. Second, you get to view real butterflies in their cocoons-some of which are hatching out! Thirdly is the large room full of butterflies floating around you.If you've ever been to the butterfly exhibit at the DBG and enjoyed it, you will love this one. I found there to be so much more "movement". Butterflies everywhere, many of which land on you. As much as I loved it, once it enough. It's very family-friendly so it was packed with strollers and children screaming through the movie.
3	We went to BW on a Saturday afternoon and expected it to be packed- luckily it was busy but the traffic flow of BW was very well orchestrated. When you first come into BW you go into a small theater and watch a really cool 3D movie. Probably one of the best 3D movies I have ever seen. The movie is about 15 mins long. From there you go into a room where you can see butterflies at all different stages of coming out of their chrysalis's. Then, from there- into the atrium. Now, this is advertised as "America's Largest Butterfly Atrium". Is it really? Eh. I saw a previous review that complained that it was hot and humid in there....duh- it has to be. Come prepared for that. With that said, I wouldnt recommend coming in July/August. But you can walk around the atrium as long as you want and it is truly beautiful to see all the butterflies fluttering around. I was hoping to see more varieties of butterflies, but it was still pretty cool. After the atrium you can go in and check out the bees, ants, fish, and stingrays. This is all pretty new and it shows- if you have seem the sting rays at the Phoenix Zoo- dont waste your time with the stingrays at BW. Finally- you go into the gift shop. Prices were reasonable. It would be great if they could eventually sell the honey fromt he bees. Last, is the "Mirror Maze" and "Laser Maze" area. This is so obviously an after thought and I was HIGHLY disappointed in the staff in this area. We had never been here before and the staff did not explain how to do the laser maze to my 7 and 9 year old kids. The girl running the laser maze just said to them, "Okay, go in." But the laser maze has 3 stops the kids need to check in at to complete the maze. However, I wasnt actually surprised by the poor customer service here because it was the general theme throughout BW. Bottom Line: For the $20/person admission- this place needs to seriously invest in quality staff. Yes, the butterflies are pretty and this place has potential to be a wonderful gem- but they have got to realize that people are paying for an experience. Not a single employee we interacted with was smiling nor were they helpful in anyway, shape, or form. They could be walking around sharing facts about the butterflies, stingrays, fish, etc...instead they only bark orders to not touch and to let them take the butterflies off you.
4	I had a great time with my little one.  She asks to come here fairly often and I'm considering an annual pass.
4	The 3D movie is great  and the butterflies are  amazing! this is a great place to bring out of town guessts or a great place to go if you an hour or 2 of extra time.  I highly recommend it.
1	Caution consumers! Specifically this poor review belongs to the Mirror Maze part of Butterfly Wonderland. As annual members of Butterfly Wonderland they sent both me and my girlfriend an email that says this..."As a member of Butterfly Wonderland we are extending a sneak peak at the newest must see in Scottsdale. Just print out this email and you will RECEIVE ONE COMPLIMENTARY WALK-THROUGH PASS."  Seems simple enough but it was at best a bait and switch and more accurately an outright lie.  Adding to the nastiness was a  discourteous staff that found pleasure in being very abrupt about telling us the offer was a mistake which they had no intention of honoring and was good only for a quick single walk through of only their laser area of the venue.  We had two choices.  Pay $9.95 plus tax  per person for each of us and our two children (6 and 4 years old) or we were free to leave. I paid the $43 bucks and we walked through the mirror maze. This Mirror Maze part is not worth the extra fee! My advice is to wait for the carnival to come to town.  The Mirror Maze you'll find in a carnival funhouse will be more entertaining and the carnie staff likely more courteous.
5	Little more than 20 dollars for an adult. You can get a season pass for about 45. If you have a student ID they'll give you a small discount. There's a 3D movie, the butterfly exhibit, small aquarium, live give display(protected by glass) and a small pool to tough sting rays.  Before the big butterfly area, you arrive earlier in the day you can see some butterflies coming out of their cocoon!!!!
5	Wonderful experience.  The 3d movie at the beginning really sets the stage for going in.  Once in the variety of butterflies was amazing.  Wear bright colors if you want them to land on you.  Great photo opportunities.  There is a small cafeteria if you want to take a break and go back in.
3	The entry fee for this place is somewhat exorbitant for what you get. I have been to better butterfly conservatories that charge the same $18...one of them in Callaway Gardens in Georgia. Check them out on the internet. The show starts with an educational 3D movie about the life cycle and migration of Monarch butterflies which was actually quite good. The 3D glasses were functional. I would have felt better if disinfectant wipes were available being a germaphobe. The conservatory is small although packed with butterflies that lacked variety. There are also a few tanks of delicious looking fish that would look better on the grill and a little pool to pet a skate fish or ray. They also had a few tanks of ants and spiders. The items in the gift shop were not overpriced as the toys in Disneyland and the  quality was above average although they did have those made-in-China plastic pieces of...Overall a pleasant experience but would not dream of coming back.
4	Came here with a friend on a Sunday around 4:00 pm. It had a few families and couples but it wasn't crowded. The whole experience was worth it if you've never seen this sort of exhibit, which I never had. However, as others have said, the price point ($18 per person with student discount) is deterring me from making another visit. But it makes for a fun date or a cool place to take an out-of-towner! I already loved butterflies but this place has made me love and appreciate them even more. I would recommend at least a one time visit!
4	This is a great place to take kids on a field trip or outing.  The kids really enjoyed the 3D movie about a Monarchs' life cycle, getting to explore in the atrium and interacting with the sting rays.  I'm glad I went as part of a field trip b/c I feel the admission price is a bit much for such a short tour.  The food selections in the snack bar were sparse and a bit pricey.  There are several fast food places/restaurants on the next exit over (Indian Bend).  If it were cheaper, or they offered a local discount I would bring many guests here.
4	We went there on a Wednesday morning and there were a lot of people there -- mostly class trip kids. So we were off to a slow start waiting for the 3D movie and did not have an option to bypass it since there were so many people ahead of us. So, between the 20 minute wait for the movie and the 15 minute movie itself (which I must say was very enjoyable) that was the downside.The upside started in the butterfly emergence gallery where you could chrysalises in varying stages of development including newly developed butterflies. The only problem here is you are coming into a relatively small room from the larger theater so unless you are the lucky first out of the theater you will be waiting for the viewing wall. (Even though we were part of the lucky I would say the wall is worth the wait)From there you go into what they describe as America's largest butterfly atrium. Well, I have never experienced anything like it. Large indeed but more amazingly there were butterflies EVERYWHERE. You certainly did not need to look for them and yes, they do land on you as well. Surprisingly the class trips we saw were very well behaved in the atrium. I think it is just the magic of being in a place so different than anything you have ever experienced elsewhere.
2	It was PACKED today (spring break) and I felt like they didn't know how to handle the crowd. We waited in line forever to buy tickets, then another line to get tickets scanned and hand stamped, and yet another line to get into the theater. No direction. They should have the lines sectioned off, especially one to bypass the theater and enter the emergence gallery and conservatory faster. I feel this process is really inefficient and slow and definitely could be fixed. So that was frustrating.The 3D movie was awesome. My kids loved it. I loved it actually :)The emergence area is small and we were packed like sardines in there. But once we got up to the glass, it was cool to see the butterflies emerging from their cocoons.Next was the conservatory. This is beautiful! It's just so magical having all these colorful butterflies flying all around. It's enchanting. Note - it is really humid in there and my 4 yr old freaked out and I had to take him out for fresh air and water. Keep that in mind with your little ones.The snack bar/cafe is really expensive. I recommend bringing your own snacks and water.They have a small section with bugs (we saw honey bees, a scorpion, a tarantula, and ants), and some aquariums and a small sting ray tank in the middle. I wasn't impressed given the cost of admission. The sting rays are tiny and you can barely pet them.Overall, the crowds made the experience pretty unpleasant, and BW hopefully will work on handling crowds better. In the future I know not to come during high peak (weekends that's a given, but also school breaks).I think the admission price is too high as well. Not a lot of interactive exhibits and only one movie. I don't think an annual membership is worth it for those reasons (and with 2 kids, I typically spring for the memberships - zoo, science center, children's museum), but I don't think we will be coming back for awhile.
4	This is my first time ever going to a butterfly atrium.  This place is definitely a must do for kids (and curious adults) if you're in the area.  They start off with an informative 3D video, then you get to see different types butterflies in their different stages depending on the season you visit.  The atrium was amazing!! In addition they had a few small aquariums, an ant farm, a bee hive and a small pool where you can touch rays
5	You can Not Sit in the atrium and not feel the magic of all the flutterbys!  They are spectacular and beautiful and wondrous for all ages.
3	Wish I could give this a 3.5.Very cool to check out, but not something I'd do very often as it's pricey. Many places around Phoenix have very good membership deals like the Botanical Gardens (who also have a smaller butterfly exhibit annually) or the Natural History Museum. I probably would have bought a membership if it was reasonable (there are no memberships for couples without children, so it'd be $100 a year for just two), but you'd have to really go a lot to get your money's worth. Also, if you're looking for a relaxing butterfly experience, this isn't it. I'd recommend checking out t he Botanical Gardens to see if they're doing their butterfly exhibit. It's much calmer. Beware: going during the middle of the week does not mean less kids, they are a hotspot for class field trips, and the ratio of adults-to-children may actually be lower midweek than on the weekends.If you're good with crowds, Butterfly Wonderland has a great 3D film that I haven't seen anything like other places. Also: I recommend dressing in layers! The theater is a bit chilly but the butterfly pavilion is quite muggy. A tank top + sweatshirt is perfect.
4	We had a great time here.  Everyone was incredibly friendly.  The butterflies were amazing.  So many of them and so many varieties.  Made me wish I had a better camera!  The Native American guy doing the stingray petting pool was hilarious as well.  The mirror maze next door is no joke either.  So used to ones at carnivals which aren't ever good, but this one throws you for a loop!
4	What an unusual place to visit! A large atrium type building swarming, literally, with thousands of butterflies. All types, colors and sizes flying everywhere. It's almost creepy! I was afraid that I was going to step on them as they land everywhere. It was an incredible experience and a camera is a must. I don't know about going in the summer, as it was very humid and warm in there in March. I think this is something everyone should experience. Only annoying part: watching people pick them up after being specifically told not to.
4	What a treasure!  This place is a true gem. The butterfly area was incredible. My husband picked up a companion right off the bat and it held on until the employee brushed it off.  Petting a stingray was fun too :)Understand this is not inexpensive, but you have to understand the cost of maintaining such a gem.
5	WOW...this place is cool!! Butterflies in the desert, who knew? They start you out with a 3d movie about the flight of the monarch. Very informative and fun to watch, then on to the butterflies...I felt like I was in the amazon. The only downside is it is very warm and muggy inside so dress light. The butterflies like it warm. My kids are still talking about this trip.
4	My friend and I have wanted to go to the Butterfly Wonderland for a while and the time came to go! We met up on a Sunday morning and got our ticket to check them out!  What does Butterfly Wonderland got going for them? Well they are the only butterfly atrium in the valley and they say they are America's largest butterfly atrium too. , they say the butterflies inside the conservatory come from butterfly farmers from Costa Rica, Malaysia, Ecuador, Thailand & the Philippines as well as within the US and another fun fact Arizona is home to 344 species of butterflies.  Here comes the sticker shock: its 18.95 plus tax which equals to 20.26 I think it was.  Once you pay your ticket you walk inside and have to wait in a hallway because you will be directed to watch a 14 minute movie on the migration of the Monarch Butterfly in 3D, we had to wait a few minutes because there was a show already playing.  The movie is cool; you follow a year in the life of a few Monarchs. Once your movie is over you are shown into the conservatory, now this is where the fun is it, so many amazing beautifies fluttering around, some look like they are in a game of tag, some just seeing what everyone else is up to, if you stand still and make small movements you might be blessed to have a few land on you, also was told if you wear bright colors they will be attracted to you too, You are not allowed to hold out your hand or try to touch them, but they are allowed to land on you.  I had a few land on me and also had a few fly too close to my face and gave me a butterfly smack or too! Haha  I could spend hours in the conservatory just watching the butterflies enjoying the sun light.A few things, the conservatory is a tropical rain forest, its humid and misting water is happening, so dress for the rain forest, leave your bags & purses in the car, no need for all that, watch where you are walking the butterflies land everywhere and just make sure you don't step on them. Also inside the conservatory you will see a Koi fish pond, I thought that was cool but also thought hey don't they eat bugs that might land on the water,aawwee poor butterflies that became fish food .Once you leave the conservatory you go into a smaller room and check to see if you are smuggling any butterflies, and I know that sounds funny, but there were a few that tried to escape before we went through the door. Then you get to check a cool ant farm, some fishes and other stuff, and even stick your hand in a tank to touch a sting ray, and yes I did that, but I have fed sting rays before too, it's a cool experience.This was an enjoyable time, we spent maybe 2 hours enjoying everything, do I feel its worth the 20 buck entry fee, no I don't, but will I be a sucka and do it again yep I will haha.
5	This is a great place to bring your kids. Beyond being just a fun day out, I think one can learn quite a lot about the lifecycle of butterflies and moths. Watching them hatch right in front of your eyes is quite interesting. This is followed by a stroll amongst these beautiful insects inside a giant glass lined atrium. With the humidity kicked up, it's a micro tropical rainforest with small waterfalls and a Koi pond.I would point out that they can do kid's birthday parties. My daughter did her 10th birthday there and had a great time with all her friends.
5	I went for a school field trip and thought it was going to be super boring!! Boy was I wrong I went with a second grade buddy and we actually had a good time. The movie was interesting and informative. Then we saw the emergence center and it was amazing me a thirteen year old boy was actually interested in watching a butterfly hatch. Then I thought that was amazing until i saw the observatory full of butterflies and some landed on me and my buddy. Then we went to the aquarium which I felt was a little boring compared to sea world or anything like that but was nice. Overall a nice experience
4	Great concept.  A great deal of thought went into the Atrium design and it flows nicely once you are in there spending quality time with the STUNNING collection of butterflies.  ** Note To Self:  Dress like a FLOWER next visit you get more butterfly dates **Thank you for FREE entry on Mother's Day for Moms.  That was a pleasant surprise.  Ticket prices are MORE than fair and I would have happily paid to support the cause and keep my kids off the video games for several hours!LOST1 STAR for poor crowd control, poor signage and generally ineffective human herd management.  Just a small tweak here and there will really improve overall efficiency on busy days.  GREAT PLACE TO GO - don't avoid it because its a little muddled when they huddle!
4	Visited mid week so small crowd and lots of room to walk and and enjoy the atrium. Fun because it's different  - not your normal way to pass the time. Friendly and knowledgable staff, clean facility, organized exhibits and  centrally located right off the 101.We had no idea we would be able to touch the manta rays, watch ants farm and check out some bees and fish on top of the butterfly experience. It's pretty much a one time visit for me - but I'm glad I knocked it off my list of things to so.My favorite is the "butterfly body check" you need to undergo leaving the atrium. They search for stowaways. Lol
3	Finally went to check this place out since its been opened. I have always been hesitant going due to the admission and unfortunatly I felt the same leaving, I feel that 18.95 for an adult is way to expensive for what all is there.  I have a 2 yr old son that liked it ( but wasnt over excited like he is at the zoo) but im glad he was free! Other then the green house there is not much there. When I heard about the ant farm and the Bee's I was thinking something awesome and was totally let down when I saw it. the Ant farm was the size of an average aquarium you have at home and the bee's were even worst there ware 3 windows with only 1 where the bees were. The sting rays and the 6-7 aquariums they have there are small (all fresh water) The only good thing about this place is the green house, basically paying 20 bucks to watch butterflies fly around. The only reason I'm giving this place a 3 rating is because the faciliy is kept very clean and the staff is nice. I could wrap my head around a 12.00 admission but 18+ tax is just crazy.  I LOVE butterflies and wished this place was much bigger. I hope they add onto this place once this whole odysey complex is developed more. I wish I could be so excited about this place but was let down, SORRY.
5	What a fantastic experience for all ages. A must see.Don't miss out on this one. We love it so much that we've gone back about 5 times so far.We also loved the Laser Maze and Mirror Maze next door.
4	The kids love it and that is all that matters!  Tons of Butterflies and right next to OdySea Mirror Maze, which the kids like too.  It looks like they are also building an aquarium here too!  Right off the 101 and easy to get to.
3	This was an interesting experience. Go for the butterflies and don't expect much else in terms of entertainment. When we entered we were given no explanation as to what was to happen. (No "Go right this way folks!") No general instructions, nothing. I assumed we could walk around and see various exhibits. First, guests are escorted to a movie theater. We were lucky and got there early so didn't have to wait in a long line. The movie was just long enough to be interesting and learn new things and short enough so pre-schoolers wouldn't get bored. It was actually a very nicely done 3D film.Next you can view the chrysalis dangling but have to wait to get outdoors to see the main attraction...the rainforest with butterflies! Our wait wasn't long because of the time we arrived.The best part of this place is of course seeing all the gorgeous butterflies flit around the outdoor rainforest. We spent most of our time there.  There are some great photo opportunities and everyone seemed to be enjoying it from the toddler set to grandparents. We didn't leave until each one of us had a butterfly land on us. Great fun! Next we saw the smallish ant exhibit, and the bee exhibit. Both are pretty low-key. My grandson liked the scorpion tank where he could see them glow with a florescent light. Cool!There is a stingray installation but you can skip it if you've been to wonderful aquariums like Monterey Bay Aquarium.  All-in-all, we spent a couple of hours there. It's not cheap..by no means. For 3 adults and a pre-schooler, it was around $73. I would take guests there again. It is unique enough to spend the $$ again.
4	Cool place. But it is VERY expensive for what you get. A 3D movie, life cycle of butterfly, and walking around the atrium filled with butterfly that land on you. My littles loved the butterfly, but 19 bucks an adult and 10 bucks a kid make for a very pricey trip that lasts about an hour/hour and half depending how long you wonder around the atrium. Would go again if it were cheaper or there was more included in that price. 2 star price, 5 star experince.
3	If u have little ones this is a great place, but going as an adult its only worth a one time visit.  it was very expensive and we were only there an hour.  We added the mirror/laser thing and that was not worth the extra cost in my opinion.  All in all it was ok, but i did leave wondering where all those butterflies poop...
2	I hate to give this place less than a 3 star review.  I am giving it this because the cost-to-experience ratio is skewed.  This place, in my opinion is not worth $19 Adult and $9 for kids.  You can also spend more and see a light show and some other things.My opinion would be to visit the butterfly exhibit at the Desert Botanical Garden.  You spend about 4 or 5 dollars more, but you can have the same butterfly experience AND tour the beautiful garden.  I could not make the connect in this place between the amazon fish and the butterflies.  I guess the fact that the conservatory is like a rain forest... so the Amazon is in a rain forest, so include fish in this exhibit.  Ok.  I got it.  not really.  I could understand the stretch to include the bees, but I could not understand why they included ants, scorpions and spiders.  There may have been posted signs to explain, but I don't recall seeing why these creatures were at Butterfly Wonderland.  It seems to me as though, at the last minute they decided to throw in some sharks and fish and some bugs to help extend the exhibit.Furthermore, their guides/employees are not as helpful or informative as the DBG Butterfly exhibit.   I would have expected guides to be walking around and basically talking to people to share the information, like in other butterfly conservatories I've visited.  The 3 bright spots were the 3D film and the butterfly conservatory ...  because of the butterflies AND the wonderful climate-controlled humidity of the rain-forest like atmosphere.  Oh how I loved that humidity.  I didn't want to leave.  Don't be silly and wear jeans or you'll be very hot.  The 3rd bright spot was certainly the Butterfly emergence... watch butterflies emerge from their chrysalises (some of them look like piece of jewelry!) and spread their wings for the first time.  AMAZING show right there.Perhaps this place is worth a one-time visit.  For me I wish I had saved my money.
4	To be completely honest, I was coerced into coming to this place. It wasn't one of the must-see places for me while visiting Phoenix however I actually really enjoyed myself here. If I were to sum up my experience in one word, I would probably say it was "unique". I enjoyed learning about butterflies and how they migrate. The film you watch before entering the butterfly forest was very educational. The actual butterfly museum was very nice. I will warn you that it is very humid and misty. I would also recommend that you wear bright colors. This attracts the butterflies to you. This place is fun for all ages but for me was a little on the expensive side ($19 per adult). I would definitely recommend bringing kids here. The kids seem to love this place. Overall, I had an enjoyable time.
4	I loved this experience.  It was great for the kids and it was hard to leave.  The butterflies actually land right on you  and there is every kind you can imagine.  So beautiful.  they had to keep it really humid though so its uncomfortable in phoenix heat.  My only complaint is the price! WAY TO PRICEY. but other then that...wonderful
4	I came here today with my mom at around 11:30 for the first time. The place was easy to find and parking wasn't an issue. It was pretty busy but not too bad to where I wouldn't not want to go in. The prices are a little high though. For two adult tickets it was $41. Which is high just to see butterflies. Right when you walk in you don' really even know where to go. There a gift shop and just a service desk. Go to the service desk where they'll check your tickets. You have to see a about 10 minute long movie which is 3-D before you enter to see the butterflies. Since the movie didn't start right away when we got there they said we could go see the aquarium first to wait. We walked down the hallway and only saw the movie theatre inside. No aquarium. They didn't even ask if we knew where it was or not. There was no signs. Nothing. We walked back to the service desk and asked where the aquarium was. The said it was through two doors that only have a sign that says 'Please open slowly'. You would think the sign would say 'Aquarium' maybe or at least something?? Besides that the aquarium is pretty cool. It's not that big though. There is a eating spot but the prices were too high. The movie is cool though and goes by fast. The butterfly greenhouse is amazing though. It's very very hot and humid inside so I recommend either bringing a water or drinking a lot before going in!
4	Anyone know what's going on with the little trailer by parking? It says it's some ody-sea aquarium thing .. ?We've been here before. My 7 y/o boy loves it. Last time, there were no bees or ants. Now those are on display and I think he watched the bees go in and out for 20 m.The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is bc I think it's a bit overpriced - as is the cafe.
4	Kind of a random structure out in the middle of the desert.   When it was being built, we all were wondering what was being erected off of the 101 in such a peculiar spot.  Still looks a bit odd standing out there surrounded by...nothing.  I suppose in 10 years, we might look back and say, "remember when the Butterfly Wonderland was the only thing on that plot of land?"Anyhow, despite the high prices, this is a nice little spot to visit once (probably any more than one visit, and you'll quickly bore).  We watched the introductory 3D butterfly movie twice -- it actually really is that good, and that entertaining...and quite informative.The next exhibit room features butterflies that are just starting to crack out of their cocoons.  The larger species are fascinating!The actual butterfly room is more fun than you would think, chiefly because most folks like us play a little game of, "how still can I stand so that a butterfly lands on me."  I had 4 at one time...not too shabby.This is a good spot to take the family on one of those hot summer days when you have nothing else to do, or when you have family in town.
4	I went here with my seven year old daughter on a Sunday afternoon, and we had a great experience.  The short 3d movie that you watch before you go into the atrium was actually really interesting, we both loved it.  After the movie you go into the atrium.  It was pretty awesome, and that's coming from someone who is afraid of every insect, including lady bugs!  If you do not like things flying at your face and landing on you, this is probably not your thing.  They will land on you, especially if you are wearing bright or neon colors!  There is plenty of room to walk around and also some benches throughout for sitting.  They also have an area where you can check out insects, bees and sting rays, which was neat.  All in all we had a great time.  The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because it is a little expensive, $19 for an adult, $10 for a child, which I think is steep.
3	I fully agree with the positive reviews already posted about Butterfly Wonderland.  It's a well-designed and well-executed display of the life cycle and habitats of butterflies, and the atrium was very enjoyable (although it would probably be more tranquil mid-week during the school year).  I've been to a few other, similar facilities in the US and overseas, and I believe it's on a par with any of them.My only complaint?  It's overpriced at $18.95 per adult and even at $16.95 for discounted admission (senior, military, AAA).
3	Ok, this may not be any fun if you have small children. Our 6 year old did not like the butterflies landing on her and did not want to spend any time in the habitat. She also found the movie a little scary as it had a lot of close ups of the butterfly in the various stages of its life cycle. The movie is in (3) D and really well done.We bought the combo ticket which included the mirror maze. I would skip this as it is nothing and costs about $9 per person.The people were friendly and they have a small aquarium area. The place is only one year old and still trying to find its niche. They are adding attractions so it will be a better experience in (6) months.
5	This place is fun for the kids and adults. The 3d imax like movie was fun. Watching the Butterflies flitter about in the atrium was also fun, but be prepared for the humidity. Overall worth the money and a fun experience.  They will be building an aquarium in about a year so it will be a more robust experience.
5	This place was awesome! I attended with 2 -10 year olds and a 14 year old and we had a great time! I am a local and embarrassed to say that we've not been here before and what a gem. I really thought the 3D movie on Monarch's was a fantastic experience and we learned a lot, the staff were very friendly and helpful and the butterflies were just the icing on the cake. If you have children that are 'squeamish' about bugs you might want to think twice about this outing. We also paid extra for the mirror maze and laser tag and the girls loved that as well.Overall a great 2 hours out of the AZ heat. I will definitely be returning!
3	Expensive, but delightful exhibit, took the 4 grandkids and was considering buying an annual grandparent pass, but will not return. About half the staff was pleasant, the rest were just plain rude. After witnessing more than a few unpleasant staff interactions with other people, I finally decided to call it a day for us when we walked into the room with the interactive manta ray display, and witnessed the employee there barking at the people trying to see the manta rays. This employee intimidated the crowd to the degree that everybody gave up trying to participate and left the room. We didn't even want to approach the display.It's a shame because although it's expensive, the 3D movie was informative and fun, the butterflies were magical, and all the facility is really nice and has an upscale feel to it.The place is off the beaten path, so I am assuming the poor quality of staff is the result of not having a large potential employee pool to choose from.We will see if things improve in the future, but as it stands, I will not go back.
5	Gosh...This place is great.A butterfly conservatory where you can frolic amongst the butterflies....But...before being turned loose in the atrium, you get to watch a short film.  At the beginning, it introduces a caterpillar that will become a butterfly. I became so choked up from trying to hold my laughter somewhere around this part...   "After the caterpillar hatches, it is very hungry and immediately snacks on it's shell casing..." It proceeds to show the caterpillar doing so while making slurpy eating sounds. Then I hear a lady scoff... "That's disgusting."  I barely held it together.The atrium is awesome and fun. My friend and I stayed a pretty long while. A butterfly landed on my arm and stayed with me the entire time. I imagined that it would eventually flutter away naturally before the time came for us to leave. But not exactly, my friend's face suddenly turned flustered as he flash-backed to his "living in Florida days" do to the heat and humidity contained inside the atrium. He said "I can't take it anymore, we must leave now." I'm like... "But there is a butterfly resting on me." I insisted that I wanted her to naturally drift away! He eventually "naturally" made a puff of air with his mouth and blew it towards my arm. There is still an ongoing debate about the "naturalness" of this. So...If your timing is right you'll even get to see a butterfly hatch from a cocoon. You'll also learn how to tell male or female. You'll just learn A LOT of things. You'll really love it.
4	I enjoyed Butterfly Wonderland. First you watch a fourteen minute video about butterflies which was very interesting, I learned a few things. Then you're released to the exhibits, they had different bugs and a mini aquarium. They also had an area you could touch the sting rays, which I though was pretty cool. The butterfly area was very humid!! I enjoyed seeing all the different colors and types of butterflies.  It's a little pricey. If you have an AAA card use it!! =) Have fun! Also a cute place to go on a date. It's pretty small we were done in about 45 minutes.
5	We went as a family today. We were greeted by kind employees who were extremely knowledgeable and we were thankful. Clearly we had no idea how much it cost to ship butterflies there monthly since they die within two weeks and the moths in four days!  Having to constantly pump water to hydrate the beautiful foliage and flowers isn't cheap.  For those who think it is expensive - well educate yourselves as to how much it cost to run that facility!  My truth after educating myself - CHEAP for how our lives were enriched today!!!  :)  We were blessed by the beauty there. Their 14 miniature three-d movie was awesome!  We highly recommend this sanctuary!  :)
3	There's not a whole lot of indoor activities to do in Phoenix besides shopping and museums, so when this Butterfly Wonderland opened up, I was really excited!  Plus I'm a huge animal freak.  So we went, and butterfly enclosure was nice and big and had lots of butterflies and the video was interesting.BUT Here's why I only gave it 3 stars:- Located in the middle of nowhere.  Be prepared for a 45-min. drive if coming from Peoria or Glendale- Confusing admission lines.  Due to the 100+ degree weather, they re-directed the line from the outdoor ticket stands to the indoor gift shop check-out counter.  What resulted was a confused mass of people standing around in the gift shop not realizing that some lines were credit card only.  Why they put the ticket counters outside in the first place is a mystery.- Butterfly enclosure was torturously humid.  Combine that with the fact that you're basically in a greenhouse, and you've got one sweaty, uncomfortable lady here.  It was too hard to enjoy the plants, flowers, and butterflies with buckets of sweat pouring off my face.  We had to leave the greenhouse so I could recover before going back out to see more butterflies.- Expensive admission for the amount of stuff you get to see.  Besides the butterfly greenhouse, there's really only a 3D butterfly movie, a cocoon nursery, and an ant farm to look at.
4	The Butterfly Conservatory is amazing! You walk the grounds of this huge atrium and there are probably thousands of butterflies frolicking around water fountains and people! That right, people! They fly right up to you, your shoulders, your head, your purse and just..... chill.They also have bee colony, ant colony, scorpions, different species of amazon fish. You can stick your hands in the Touch Tank to pet some rays.Not just a great place for kids but for adults as well. I can honestly say I was schooled on a few things I did not know about butterflies and moths!
5	Large number and wide variety of butterflies and moths.  Excellent customer service, especially Max who goes out of his way to help everyone have a great experience (texting people to let them know when their favorite butterflies and moths are in the pavilion; lending bright vests to kids to increase chances that a butterfly will land on them).
4	Loved Butterfly Wonderland. The movie was absolutely terrific, worth the price of admission. There were so many different butterfly types. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful.  There was also a small aquarium. Good for about two hours.
4	So, I am, or was, petrified of moths.  They totally freaked me out.  Because of my visit to this magical place I'm not so much afraid anymore.  (Thank God, I can now leave my doors open at night in beautiful weather and not be uptight about them flying in. )After my sister and her husband paid over one hundred dollars for four adults and three children, we walked in and were able to catch a three d movie before experiencing the magical wonderland.  (Not being sarcastic either...it was amazing!)  But the movie was also exceptionally great.  With your nifty glasses, it appeared as if the butterflies were all over the theater.  And, it wasn't a boring documentary either.  The way the narrator told the story of one butterfly's life journey caused me to actually feel personally involved with this fragile creature.It was time to enter this fairy tale like area where the butterflies gracefully fluttered in the hundreds.  They were everywhere.  We were told to watch where we stepped so as not to step on any that land on the path.  I have never seen so many butterflies in all my life.  It really was  quite magical for me. When all my group was ready for a snack we went to the cafe.  Yes, terribly expensive, but it's relative. You'll need to remember I'm pretty cheap. Let me give you an example:  A pbj, the kind my students received when going on a field trip, a bag of chips and I can't remember what else, cost close to $5. There is also a room with fish, sting rays that you were able to "pet" , and a few displays of bees, spiders, scorpions, (complete with a black light) ants, and a giant centipede. However, after being in the mystical room of butterflies, I wasn't impressed.  The butterfly wonderland is a hard act to follow. The last thing I want to mention is that the staff was very friendly. There was a  guy who was busy caring for the butterfly room and as I stopped to take a pic, he asked if I had questions, which I did. The employees were great. Yes, I would definitely recommend a trip to Butterfly Wonderland.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I thought it was pretty pricey.  But then again, as I mentioned before, I"m cheap.  So, you decide.
5	This place is AMAZING.We went here with a group of 4 kids and 6 adults recently, and all of us had an incredible time.I can't get over this.  It was so much fun for kids AND adults that we've recommended it to anyone who has asked recently for things to do in the Scottsdale area.The 3D Movie is wonderful.There is a glass casing where you can see all types of butterflies being born before your very eyes.Then you go into a room where tons and tons of butterflies are flying all around you, landing on your head, clothes ... it was beautiful.Plus, there's a bouncy house for the kids.  Not too shabby!SO FUN!  ENJOY!!!
5	Been there twice w/ friends and little kids 2, 4, 6, and 9. We all had a great time and it was just what we needed. The movie is short at 15 mins which is good since kids = short attention span! 3D made it even better. The small room w/ the glass where new bf's and moths are born- nice palette cleanser between main atractions. The real star is the big room. If a butterfly actually lands on the kids it makes it even more special. Stingray pool and aquarium were a nice variant, as was gift shop even, I bought them each a little something.I don't think it's pricey for what you get. Seeing the kids eyes light up - and sharing the experience about something completely outside the normal box of sporting events or video games - to see them enjoy a unique experience w/ nature - was so worth it.
4	Neat place in Arizona where you are able to see butterflies year round. The place is actually smaller than I thought. However, there was tons of butterflies in the exhibit. After seeing the butterflies there is a other places to view such as bees, fish, and ants. This area was not very exciting after seeing butterflies and there was poor lighting. All in all this is a great place to take visitors to experience butterflies. However, don't go on a weekday during in the am. There is tons of school groups making it a little bit crazy... But the experience was still nice.
3	We really enjoyed the atrium with the butterflies flying about freely.  And, sometimes they would just sit there so you could look at them up close and land on you especially if you were wearing white.  They are very beautiful. The 3D movie is very informative and illustrates the stages of the butterfly and length of life.   However, it also seems like a strange combination of other exhibits which are small and not particularly informative.  Their website talks about the ants and bees which sounds interesting but there is little to see. I have to give it three stars because at $19.00 for an adult ticket I think it is a bit pricy experience.
5	Love this place! There is a 3D movie, that I found educational.  Be advised the atrium where the butterflies fly around freely is humid, but after all; how else would you expect rain forest weather to be like. This place is great for all ages, also they have an amazing gift shop.
3	Way way overpriced for what you get.  No need to plan for more than a couple hours.  Seeing the Butterfly's is nice but the place is way small.  The 3d movie is interesting and informative. Be sure you come on a sunny day. Whatever you do,  don't miss the outdoor atrium/conservatory area. We almost missed it which would have deemed the trip a total waste.
5	Came here with my family and didn't know what to expect. The 3D movie was entertaining and quite informative. What was really cool was seeing the chrysalis of the butterflies and moths arranged by species. The main butterfly atrium was really special. It was awesome to see and be in an area with butterflies flying and gliding all around. Some even landed and rested on our shoulders and arms!Highly recommend checking out Butterfly Wonderland. Very unique and we enjoyed all the new knowledge we gleaned from this experience.
4	A tad bit overpriced, but the kids loved it.Very educational experience for kids and adults. The movie was in 3D and a great part of the experience.
