2	Nee House does simple home-style Chinese cooking...where the homemaker isn't a very good cook and the only condiment in the cupboard is soy sauce.It's either feast or famine here as far as the seasoning goes...the dishes were either too salty or underwhelmingly bland.Wish I could say nicer things about this small neighborhood place other than that it's in the neighborhood.
4	I just got back from dinner at Nee House as we had a really good experience! It is very very clean.  There were mostly Asians in here eating and that to me is a big plus.  BIG PLUS.Our food was delicious.  We ordered the Moo Shu pork and the House Chow Fun.  How can you not enjoy something called "Chow Fun"?Anyhow, the staff was very nice, quick and let me mention again how clean the dining room was.  We will be back for sure to try more items on their menu.
3	Apparently this place is a hit with the Asian community of Phoenix. Any restaurant that has a body part in the name has got to be tried.  When I first walked in, I was taken back by the mental institution looking decor with the stark white walls and the 1990s tile floor.  Decor deserves an F, but hey, it's Chinese. You never come eat Chinese for the ambiance.Service was alright. Our deep voiced lady waitress recommended us to get the fillet Mignon cubes which was alright, nothing amazing.  We also tried the sauteed rock cod with baby bok choy which was just alright. It was nice and light though which was nice.  Finally we had the duck since my mother raved about it.  It was under seasoned and lacked any presentation whatsoever.  I mean... OK, I wasn't expecting Picasso or orange sauce to be drizzled on top like art, but come on, throw me a parsley leaf or some lettuce or something rather than just a duck.Perhaps they have an amazing dinner menu, who knows, but Nee House was Needless to say not as Neelicious as I expected to be.  If this is the best that Phoenix has to offer in authentic Chinese cuisine, I would say it barely passed the test in my eyes.
4	i've been here soo many times, and i think its great.  i love my favorite here, hong kong style peking pork chops. yuuummy! but i believe great wall's Chinese cuisine is still better! but hey this is closer! it's very clean thought it could use some color or splash of flavor to the restraunt, but very clean for a authentic Chinese restaurant, a bit small.  their plates are reasonable for the price & it's authentic chinese food!, no panda jumbo here!the service? um that's iffy!  first time there it was horrible because its family owned, and not many, took forever to get seats since its a small place and not enough servers because the servers are also your cleaning crew, and the people who take your order and the people who sit you down.  over time they hired 1 or 2 more people, but still, it takes a while so be patient, the food will make for for the lost time :]
1	Don't bother.The food? Blander than bland. It doesn't taste like anything. I can't tell you if I like it or not. Here's what I can tell you: it was served at a piping hot 74 degrees. Like eating leftovers that sat on the kitchen table all night. Also, the pork in my hot and sour soup (neither hot nor sour) was really spongy.The service? Adequate, if a little curt. I know someone who went here, ordered a Shirley Temple, and got a "You've got to be kidding me" from the waitress. I only wish I had that kind of story to tell people.Yeah, don't bother.
5	Okay, other Yelpers are not overly impressed with this place, but I'm ecstatic.  Major bonus because we've actually got an "authentic" Chinese restaurant in North Phoenix.  The tanks are filled with fresh crustaceans soon to be cooked and devoured.  Caucasians are not a majority when you assess the customer base, and the decor can be called "clean but dive-ish".  I love it.  The table cloths used at dinner time seem unnecessary given the rest of the decor.  The portions are plentiful.  The food has lots of flavor.  The chicken with black bean sauce is fantastic and spicy.  The prawns with honey pecans was okay, but a bit too rich.  The prawns are covered with an unusually rich mayonnaise sauce, which although wasn't my favorite, I give them credit for serving something unique.  The chow fun noodles should not be missed.  This is my new favorite Chinese restaurant.  North Phoenix is blessed to have Nee House in the neighborhood.
5	I love this place. There are only a few places in town that have salt & pepper pork. This is one of the best places for it. I love the fried rice with the fish. As far as Chinese food goes this place ranks up there in my top places to eat. This is a great relief to the closing of the silver dragon. I know this place has changed hands a couple time but this one is the best of yet and I hope that they stay forever. I always like family run businesses. I like the non corporate attitude of the food and the taste of the food is perfect for my palate. The fresh fish in the tanks and live lobster look too good and I hope to be able to sit down and order one but for now since I dine alone I will just stick to my favorites.
4	Want to eat in Chinatown?   Well, you're in luck, Nee house is a little  Chinatown eatery situated in North Phoenix.  I was a bit suprised to find a place like this next to an Ace hardware in a strip mall, but as luck would have it I walked in and was impressed.  Their menu is some Americanized Chinese fare but hidden in there are some very Chinese dishes harking from Cantonese and Schezuan roots.  The also offer some northern dishes like Peking duck (a must have in Oakland's Chinatown).  I would absolutely eat here again.  I hope this little gem stays in business to service my Peking duck cravings for many years to come.
3	Here is the skinny - Food was okay, a little too salty for my tastes, BUT! service and trickery was at an all time high at this place.Waitress- "We have 14.99 special for lobster today"Us - "Really?? wow, for the whole lobster??"W- "Yes, whole lobster just 14.99"Us - "Great we will order one lobster"The meal arrives we eat and finish, everything was satisfactory till the horror of the check arrives. $14.99 a LB (4lb lobster you do the math).Us- "I think there is a mistake, didn't you say it was 14.99 for the whole lobster?"W- "Yes whole lobster 14.99"Us - "I think you may have messed up on the check"waitress looks at check, goes to talk to manager, then comes backW- "No i say 14.99 a lb"Us - "but you just said 14.99 for the WHOLE lobster"W- "No i say 14.99 for whole lobster a lb"Us- *sigh*We know they are trying to rip us off now, but we went with guests and don't want to make a scene, so we belly up 14.99 a lb for a 4lb lobster, and we also ordered 4 other dishes. yeah.....Thanks Nee house for being dishonest..If you are going to go, make sure you clarify and if you can record what the waitress says before ordering. or just avoid the daily special on lobster/sea food. -Other times i have come to nee house it has been fine, so food is okay, not great and def not the best. So decent chinese food here. Terrible service and not willing to own up for their own mistake, thats here.
1	Terrible service. The wait staff has real attitude problem. Mongolian beef was chewy.  Moo shu pork plain additional charge for more wrappers!!! Overpriced...for what you get! Go somewhere else!
5	I adoreee the Nee House. It's a ten second drive from my house, and we always receive excellent food at a decent price. The family who owns the place isn't the most charming, but that doesn't phase me, I'm just there to eat!
1	Walked in first before two other couples came in the door. Apparently they were regulars because when the hostess arrived she knew them by name and greeted them. After telling her we came in first she ignored us anyway and sat the regulars. After we finally got sat we never saw a single soul. She sat us, went back over to the regulars to chat, then dissapeared. We watched as everyone else got their order taken. We were ignored and waited about 20 minutes before getting up and leaving. I'll never go back again because of that. Sorry Nee House. We wanted to like you!
4	Wowsers.  Like, jeepers, but WOWSERS.  Have you ever watched the movie Ratatouille?  There is a scene where, Ego, the food critic takes a bite of Remy's ratatouille and it wafts him back to his mother's kitchen.  Well, one bite of the food here and I had wafted back  to Flushing, New York.  We had the whole steamed sea bass from the tank.  We asked for a large fish.  It comes at market price.  They price is based on the weight of the fish. They cook it up with a soy sauce, ginger, scallion juice that is out of this world.  Mmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm.   We also asked for authentic chinese greens and whatever they brought us was outstanding (it was not bok choy, yu choy, chinese broccolli or anything similar to those three).  I would have asked what they were if I had not done carry out.  Our last dish was like a beef - bo luc loc dish.  Very very tender.  On the drier side.  I'm not a huge fan of sauceless meats, but it was very well done.  Bravo.   I fully agree with a previous review that this may be the most authentic chinese food in the valley. Note: The food here is very authentic.  If you are looking for Panda express type food (general tso, lo mein, fried rice, etc), this may not be the place for you.
4	After opening all our gifts and eating a big Christmas lunch the family decided they wanted some dinner.  Well, we didn't have much left in the way of leftovers, and since we were at my mom's, there wasn't much to chose from otherwise in the fridge (she is a minimalist when it comes to food).  My dad had been having a hankering for some fried rice for the past few weeks, which worked out since it seems the only restaurants that are open on Christmas are Chinese!Nee House is near my folks, so we called up and placed an order to go.  We were told that it would be 45 minutes to an hour until it was ready...yikes!  My dad and my sister left to go pick it up after about 40 minutes.....and they were gone for a really, really long time!  I guess the place was a madhouse, and if you wanted a table you had to wait in a line for a table!  They sat at the bar and waited...and finally after sitting there about 45 minutes they finally got the food (note to self: never try to order Chinese food on Christmas again!).When they got home we were all hoping that the food would make up for the wait....and well, it did!  We got the hot & sour soup as well as the War Wonton, both were excellent, although the hot & sour could have used a bit more heat.The house fried rice was awesome, cooked perfectly, with lots of meat and it wasn't greasy at all, which is very unusual for fried rice.  We also got mu shu pork (this was the best I have ever had) and some sesame chicken.  It was breaded, but it wasn't greasy at all, and the sauce was just sweet enough, but not overpowering.  We had ordered some crab puffs, and they were good, but they had forgotten to give us the dipping sauce, which would have made them that much better.Overall, except for the long wait, we found Nee house to be really good.  My dad brought home a menu for us to look at, and it has one of the most expansive menus I have ever seen at a Chinese restaurant, including a lot of seafood dishes.  My dad was happy to have gotten his fried rice fix...and I have a feeling he will be going back again soon.
5	Our office just moved here from the Bay Area and my collegues and I have been on a mad search for a GOOD/GREAT Chinese restaurant.  Difficult to find . . . until NOW!!Nee House has high quality, fresh ingredients and offers EXCELLENT FLAVORS!!  Certainly on par with many Bay Area Chinatown restaurants!And yes, the staff is a touch surly  but that's a true indication that this is the authentic thing!!!  Of course they're going to be surly, it's a chinese restaurant!!!  Excellent food!  Can't wait to try the next treat!!  Tell all your friends!  We need to keep this place open!!
5	Love love love this place.  Moved here 6 mos ago from the SF Bay Area and was really disappointed in the lack of tasty food (don;t get me wrong - I love my new desert home), but it takes a while to find new favorites.  I've found one in Nee House.  The only thing I haven't liked here is due to a personal preference - not the food itself (I loathe green onions or rather - it's a mutual loathing!!!  cuz these things just don't want to die!!!).  The service is good and can accomodate large parties well if you call ahead.  I was surprised to read other posts about lack of friendliness and service as that has never been my experience - even before I was a regular.  Hey, we all have bad days - or aren't as "chipper" as others think we should be sometimes, right?  Anyway - I am SO glad to have found Nee House.  It's a keeper. Enjoy!
5	I had lunch at Nee House - for the first time - today.All I have to say is... Baked Crab Kow-Loon Style! AMAZING!!!Okay, one more thing, String Beans... DELICIOUS!Oh, and also, the service was quick and our server was very pleasant and attentive!Can't wait to visit again!
4	I love living in Phoenix.  There's no doubt about it.  This city to me is restaurant/bar heaven.  It seems like every day, a new restaurant is opening with a new twist on some new kind of cuisine.  And don't get me wrong- I love that and am an avid trier of new places.But there are some days when I earn for the simple, straight forward Chinese food I remembered eating growing up on the East Coast where good eats were plenty in the Chinatowns of New York and Philadelphia.There are some of those places in Chandler and Mesa but I live in North Phoenix and don't always want to make the drive.Well, I was pretty excited to discover Nee House- I love the food there- it's simple and it's always good.  They have a great selection of seafood entrees that puts both my son and myself in heaven.  The decor is simple and unpretentious- I always feel relaxed there and know that I am going to get fed some mouth watering delicious dishes!After this glowing review, why 4 stars instead of 5?  Because of the wait- the place can get pretty packed.  I always feel like I need to get there early to get a table without the wait- too bad the restaurant doesn't offer any "early bird" specials!
4	Pretty good authentic Chinese food in the nicer part of Phoenix area.  Quick service, literally.  You place your order and it comes out in 5 minutes, but it's hot and delicious.I would go back.  This place is very clean, BTW.  If it helps, I'm Asian and I know my Chinese.  I only gave it a 3-star because I've had better in SoCal, that's all.  But I'd say it's up their in the top 3 in Phoenix.
3	the food was delicious but the restaurant seemed dirty.... I had to return my wine glass because it was dirty...... hmmmmmmm but tasty
3	You can tell it's authentic by the fork and spoon place settings. The food was alright and service was so-so. The rock cod and veggies was a tad too fishy for me. The pan fried noodles were ok and coulda used more noodles and toppings. Eggplant in garlic sauce was probably my favorite dish - big honkin' chunks of eggplant and no filler! Fried chicken was surprisingly juicy.Why did some tables get orange slices at the end of their meal and we only got fortune cookies?
2	Inattentive waitresses with attitude. Ick. The sizzling rice soup was delish but everything else was just fine. I mean, it's Chinese food. There's bad chinese food and decent chinese food... but hard to really make anything excellent. Not any more "authentic" than anywhere else, but that said we stuck with americanized dishes like chicken w/ veggies and chow mein. They definitely have more options for more authentic stuff like shark's fin soup and abalone though if you're feeling adventurous. But regardless, I doubt I'll be back.
5	A good family restaurant. Authentic Hong Kong fare.  One of the places our family goes to dinner almost each and every visit from the Bay Area.: )
3	The Nee House.......well I just wish they would get the concept of customer service! I tend to feel second rate when we go in for dinner. I really like the food but after 5 attempts at dining in with crappy service we have decided it is best for take out only. The food is pretty good and they are super quick when it come to take out. I am happy to say that when I picked up our order yesterday the girl at the front actually smiled and chatted with me while processing our order!
4	I love this Chinese restaurant. Being raised in a Cantonese household, I would claim myself to have quite a high standard for Chinese food as we eat pretty much every variety of Cantonese dieshes.From the outside you would never guess it's a Chinese restaurant as it doesn't have any Chinese characters on the sign. All too many times, most of the so-called "Chinese" restaurants in Phoenix are way too Americanized so I hesitated when I first saw this restaurant. However, I found out about this restaurant from the Phoenix Asian newspapers and decided to give it a shot.Inside, it's definitely not the best looking restaurant around, but it is a decent setting. One thing you'll notice about this restaurant, which is very much like some of the good LA chinese restaurants is that they highlight their signature dishes on the wall via nice full colored images.The service was pretty decent and seems like most of the staff there (cook/servers) spoke Cantonese, so at least it makes the restaurant feel more authentic. The service was very fast too, had a nice Hong Kong feel to it.The menu has the trademark selection of classic Hong Kong Style menu items, easy to read menu with pictures and both English/Chinese writing. Tons of clay pot items, meats, fish, soup, stir fry items. I ordered the walnut shrimp w/ mayo, beef chow fun, Salted Fish with chicken fried rice. Those are usually my favorite dishes to order at any of the restaurants to test their culinary skills. For people who know a little about Cantonese cooking, the importance of the WOK determines if the food is good or not. Usually if the restaurant has a powerful enough stove with a good quality wok, you can tell the difference in the taste of the food.When I got the items, I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of it. The food was seasoned just right, not too salty. The Walnut Shrimp was pretty decent size, the sauce was not too thick and not too sweet, just right. You can taste the freshness of the shrimp as it had that nice texture to it.The beef chow fun was a pretty good dish. Beef could've been a bit more "fluffy", but still pretty moist compared other places in Phoenix. It was a pretty generous amount. The seasoning on the noodle and beef was a little light for my taste, but still pretty good as the noodles were not too soft and not too tough.The salted fish rice was a very big plate. The salted fish was cut just small enough and the shreds of chicken was perfect compliment to the dish. This was among my favorite dish.Back to the WOK thing, you can tell this place had some really good WOK action cause all the food came out real hot, and the texture of the food had all of the fresh "STIR FRY" element to it that you can't get from a regular pan. I've been back many times and definitely very satisfied. I'd probably caution any folks reading this review is that it is still not at the level of Hong Kong or LA, etc, but for Phoenix, it outperforms its competition by a long shot.
4	I was in North Phoenix for a friend's birthday.  This place was choose by one of our mutual friends.  This place is very authentic!!!  The help speaks Cantonese! (and English) and were very helpful in their recommendations.  I would go back if I lived up there.
4	A recent lunch at Nee House changed my whole opinion of this restaurant.  The crab and dried scallop fried rice was as good as the best fried rice I've eaten while living in Hong Kong. The rice kernels were perfectly al dente, not greasy, well-seasoned with the right restraint and the breath of the wok shined through deliciously.  Fried rice and noodles shows the real skill of a chef - it requires good control of heat and timing. We also had the lobster with house special sauce. The lobster was plucked live from the tanks and weighed 2.75 lbs ($15/lb) so totaled approx. $40. The sauce was addictively spicy with sliced jalapenos and ample ground black pepper with the crunch of green onion tops - a little less sugar in the sauce would have made it perfect.Young pea leaves are one of my favorite vegetables and usually available only at restaurants that see a lot of traffic from Chinese customers who appreciate them. They require some plucking to remove the less tender tendrils so tend to cost more. At Nee House, it cost $13.50 per plate. This is on the high side but I cannot resist the flavor and texture of the small tender dark green leaves so have to order it wherever it's served.  I asked for it to be cooked with garlic. It was cooked to the perfect level (nothing is worse than overcooked vegetables), albeit a bit oily.The fried rice is more than enough reason to go back to Nee House.
4	excellent, always order and pick up. great food, every dish is good!
5	THE BEST Chinese in Scottsdale and Phoenix!!! Cold jellyfish salad, anything with crab, and the sharkfin soup are all 5 star dishes. If you're lucky they'll have the abalone available, its amazing.The atmosphere is dry and boring, the service is distant and cold, but this about food and the food only. Go!!!
4	One of the few Chinese places I actually like to eat at.  The portions are not the most generous, but they are prepared with thought and care.  It's not the prettiest place, (but what chinese place really is).  It is clean and airy.  Best if you can go with a large group of friends and split a big meal. As usual it is in a strip mall, but overall, great food in a so so location.
4	Good tofu!
2	I could have made it better myself. It was so generic. The fried rice seemed like days old. The hot and sour soup lacked depth. I would not waste my money again on this place.
4	Before you go to Nee House, be forewarned...... service is not great and there is no ambience to speak of.  However, it is the only Chinese restaurant in Scottsdale (that we've found) that serves authentic Chinese food!  Our primary residence is in Chicago and we grew up Chicago's Chinatown. We stay in the Troon North area when we are here and until now, we have been driving to "Chinatown" in Phoenix.  The food is good, authentic and fresh.
4	Went with some friends looking for authentic, while I was along for the ride with my two year old.  I had cashew chicken with egg drop soup and sweet sour soup, plus a couple of egg rolls.  Hot and sour was ok, but the rest was great.  So great, the almost two year old snagged my egg rolls.  My husband had left overs for dinner b/c the lunch portion was giant. Restaurant seemed even more authentic as the waitress seemed to be just a little bit angry but accommodating. For $13 for everything including tax and tip this was a winner.
3	The food is always good, I am only doing 3 stars because of the service. After about 6 different visits, I can honestly say the service is terrible. Most recently we did take out, and well that took 30 waiting in the lobby after the time they said the food would be ready to actually get the food. When we have sat down, the service is pretty slow and seems to take quite a while to get our food! The food is great and the portions are a good size, but wow, bring your patience!! I hope they read the reviews about their service and step it up!
4	Tried some more traditional fare at book club.  The jellyfish salad, chicken, crab, and dumplings were all delish-- crab and chicken were a little work but worth it.  We had it take-out and it was really good.
4	If you're looking for good, authentic chinese food then this place is one of my favorites in Phoenix.  If you're more into westernized chinese food, go to Panda Express.  If you're looking for an upscale place or are more interested in great service, then this place isn't for you.  It is a typical home-style authentic chinese restaurant, and one of the best ones for authentic chinese food in Phoenix.  It has been here for a few years and we order here regularly.  The ownership has been the same since they took over the location from Yummy China (which was a pretty bad place) and the food has been consistently good.  As others here mentioned, order from the chinese menu, not the western menu.  We've tried pretty much  the entire menu and haven't found too much that we don't like.  The cook sometimes comes out and chats with you - he will make you something specific or special if you ask for it.  They do seafood (lobster, crab, shrimps) really well; their house chow mein (dry style) is HK authentic; their beef chow fun and chicken and salt fish fried rice are some of our favorite dishes.Price-wise, it's reasonable for the quality.  The place is fairly clean for a chinese restaurant.  Service wise - well, it's a chinese restaurant - 'nuff said.  If the service will bother you, order take-out instead.    Silver Dragon used to be our go-to restaurant for authentic chinese food until it closed down.  This place is better, so we don't miss Silver Dragon.
2	Before seating yourself, check to see how busy they are inside.If the dining room is even close to full...  leave and come back another time.We've eaten there several times because our kids dig it.If you're there say... on a Friday night at about 7PM, forgetaboutit.The staff is usually rude but the food is good.  If they are busy, the staff is still rude but the food might be delivered cold.There's gotta be a better place than this.
4	I love you.  I love you not.  I love you.Dear Nee House, I live no more than a 1/2 mile from you, and am a regular. I have waited to write this review, because of our love/hate relationship.  I love your food.  My family loves your food.  Your Yang Zhou Fried Rice is heavenly.  It's loaded with shrimp, char siu pork, and vegetables.  I don't even mind that your spell it Young Chow on your menu.   The first time you made me Pan Fried Prawns with Honey Walnuts I almost wept with joy.  The generous serving of prawns were fresh and perfectly crisp, and the walnuts and sauce flawlessly complimented the shrimp.There are more staples to our usual order:  your Cashew Chicken is a favorite.  We love all of the vegetables, the paper-thin slices of chicken, complemented by the cashews.   Your Sliced Beef with Ginger and Green Onion is delectably unique.  I particularly love the pieces of ginger peppered throughout this flavorful beef dish.  Your Braised String Beans!  Your Eggplant with Garlic Sauce!  So good, every single time.  And I have thoroughly enjoyed the wide variety of soups you expertly prepare.  I am particularly partial to Vegetables Egg Roll.  Your place is simple, and clean.  A decorator wouldn't hurt, but that's not why I don't want to visit.  It's your family.Alas, many in your family don't like me.  I suspect that they don't like people, in general.  Yes, I know the wait-staff is your family (are they your daughters?), because if they were not, you would have fired them ages ago.  I heard about them, before my first visit.  I decided that they weren't going to scare me off; I've been to enough authentic Chinese restaurants to be tolerant of unpolished, non Western-style wait service.  But your folks aren't a little rough around the edges; this isn't a cultural disconnect.  They are rude.  ABRUPT. SURLY.  In a "they can't fire me, I'm family" sort of way.  In a "I hate my job" sort of way.I've had many treasured moments with them.  I've tried.  I'll spare you the details, they are your family, after all- but they aren't good for business.  Someone should really explain to them the concept of "tips".  You DO have a couple good waitstaff-  a more mature woman and gentleman are a welcome reprieve.So, what rating should I give you?  5 definitely for the food, 1.5 for the service.  4 for now.  I'll continue with to-go orders.
4	Pardon my lack of details, but I've been here multiple times over the past couple of years, and I feel the need to write a review!Everytime I've been here, it's been in groups, and every dinner has been excellent. It's more of the traditional Chinese fare, and it works wonders how everyone orders their own dishes and splits. The food quality has been excellent. Personally, I go for their fried rice and their soups, but everything on the menu is pretty damn good, as far as I can tell.Prices were decent, and the staff were pretty attentive with refills and such. Then again, I always try to come on the off hours. If you make a reservation in advance, it works wonders!I think it's one of the most reasonable Chinese food locations in the area, and I've already recommended it to my friends.
3	Decent place for legit Chinese food with the usual fast service and decent prices. We were able to enjoy roasted duck, crispy pan fried noodles and honey walnut shrimp. All winners we thoroughly devoured. It's location is convenient and parking is readily available. Seating is plentiful so there was no wait when we arrived. Overall, a good find we'll probably go back to when we're in the mood for real Chinese din din.
3	Being from Brooklyn I have a PHD in Chiney Food. Roast duck and Pig hanging in the window. Hand stretched noodles. Albeit we are a far stretch from Hop Kee or Big Wong in Chinatown this place does not dissapoint. They have the usual suspects here, even enough to satisfy the PF Changs crowd. Why people spend there greeny's at changs just blows me away!  If you love eggplant they do a great job with the garlic eggplant dish. The geoduk clam is exceptional. If you have to ask....google it. Im sure you could find this gastropod online. It is briny, Sweet, oceanic and more tender than you might expect. Positively great!! The pea leaf is not on the menu and it is fantastic. The cold jellyfish is a must.  Crab is fantastic and fresh. Choose your own Lobster for the Lobster in Black bean sauce. This is as close to chinatown as I have found. They are even raosting duck and serving it with multi colored rice chips; Something I have not seen since leaving NYC.  WARNING! This is a family run establishment and the family on the floor is slow and moody. However, the owner and chef is extremely nice and will create you a special dish; or just ask for him to make you anything he can dream up and he usually will.
1	Live ants crawled from the rice bowl delivered to our table.  They offered us nothing, not even an apology.  All they did was squish the ants against the table cloth and bring out a new rice bowl.  Won't be coming back to this restaurant ever.
4	I really like this place, and so does my family. I have only eaten in the restaurant once, and I can't really remember it but we almost always order takeout. Their pan-fried noodles are fantastic, especially when the noodles are extra crispy! Their pineaple chicken is so yummy, and the black bean shrimp is DELICIOUS!! Their fried rice is amazing, especially if you get the house fried rice with the pork in it. It also comes with 1 or 2 shrimp on the side. Really, really good. My Dad used to travel to China a lot with work, and says this place is as authentic as it gets in the area.
4	Found this place by just driving down the road at lunch. A few cars near by so I decided to stop in. It was a Wednesday at lunch time. Greeted fairly fast by someone wearing a chef outfit. Sat right down. Ordered off the lunch menu ($6.99 and up) which included soup, rice, and an egg roll. I had the garlic chicken. Delicious! It cleaned my nose right out (spicy). It was derived very fast, too. My colleague enjoyed his lunch, too. You can get fresh fish, lobster, crab, etc as they have them there! Prices are posted on the wall no no surprises. The waitress was not that sensitive to the fact we were working gents on lunch break so she was about as laid back as the senior citizens that were dining in at the same time we were. Always kept the water full, though. Will be part of a regular rotation at lunch. Excited to go back and try something else!
4	My family loves Nee House.  I think my dad would move in there if it was possible.  Funny enough, when we first went there he didn't like it because of their service.  He didn't understand the serving style when it comes to "family style" and one dish at a time.  Once he tasted the food, it was all over and he was a fan.  My whole family just loves this place.  My sisters insist on going here when they are in town.  Some of the favorites are:  Sweet and Sour Chicken, Orange Chicken. Walnut Chicken. Kung Pao Beef, Fried Rice, Salt and Pepper Shrimp...and the list goes on.  Now, this is not the most ideal date spot because ambiance isn't important to this family owned restaurant.  Most of the staff speak English as their second language but certainly understand what you want.  This is a family owned restaurant with the dad in the kitchen all the time.  Their daughters work hard as servers and can really make your dining experience more enjoyable if you engage them in conversation.  We eat there so much they recognize us and could probably place our order without us saying a word.Their prices are reasonable.  The food is tasty.  Overall, A+.
4	Stopped in for a late lunch. When I walked in around 2:15 pm there was no one in sight, neither a fellow customer or staff. After a few moments a nice lady came out from the back and instructed me to take a seat. It appeared they were getting ready to sit down for either a late lunch or early family dinner. Many of tables had linen on them, with the remainder still uncovered from lunch. The place was very clean and simple, nothing awe inspiring, but I wasn't here for the decor but the food. And the food was outstanding! I've eaten Chinese all over this country, especially in NY and Chicago. Unfortunately the Chinese food in Phoenix has been very disappointing so far. But today was about to end all of the negative experiences I've had so far. Ordered spicy shrimp and eggplant with fried rice, egg roll and hot and sour soup from the lunch menu. My food arrived hot! The egg roll was crispy and very tasty. My hot and sour soup was good but nothing I haven't had before. But when my lunch plate arrived it was a feast for my eyes. The food was hot from the wok, seriously hot. The fried rice was the best I've ever had. A short grained rice that was not greasy but entente. The eggplant was to die for. Sweet, tender and flavorful in a dark sauce surrounded by a bountiful amount of wonderful shrimp. I savored each and every bite. I was so happy the food was hot as it forced me to eat slowly and savor each and every bite. I actually went home and dreamed about this meal, wanting to return the next day and have it again. I litterally ate every last grain of rice off of my plate. Heck I wanted to pick it up and lick it, it was that good. I definitely can't wait to go back for either lunch or dinner and try more of there great food. And by the way, after reading about the grumpy family I didn't find them unpleasant at all, in fact they were very nice.
2	After reading many decent reviews and seeing how close the restaurant was to home, I decided to give it a try.The young lady at the counter was impatient and had no interpersonal skills. The food was just not good; this place is 'Chinese take-out' at best.
1	Waitress took a long time to seat us. Then didn't give us an option on table choice (we didn't want to sit in the doorway), when I asked her to move she told me "you can sit over there" in such a rude tone. We decided to leave.
4	Went there with some friends. Our Chinese friend ordered from the Chinese menu but the American menu with the pictures also looks good. She didn't know about the Chinese menu (I told her!), she always orders from the American menu and was quite satisfied. The inside looks clean, not really your regular looking Chinese restaurant.  Service is a bit slow like some people remarked. They could be a little bit more "friendly". Food was very good, very hot. I will go back at lunch or with some family. My Chinese friend said it was very popular with Chinese people, we went on a saturday night at 5pm, it wasn't completely full but by the time we left, customers were showing up.
5	I'm hesitant to review Nee House because I pretty much just don't want anyone else to know about it, but this place is the best for Chinese food in the Valley and that alone is something every decent citizen deserves to know.Yes, the service isn't the greatest, but some advice to diners going out expecting a thorough, smiley staff: Don't go to a Chinese restaurant.  It's all about the food here and that is why Nee House gets 5 stars in my book.Bear with me as I leave the actual ordering of food to the real pros in my family, but there is a handful of dishes that are musts.  The Westlake Soup is a great, clean way to start off the meal and makes you feel good about yourself before indulging in the greasy amazingness that follows. As far as meat goes, the HK Style/Peking/Sweet & Sour Pork Ribs are deliciously sauced and have the right amount of meaty bite to go with it.  The Peking Duck is a go-to, as well. Tender pieces of duck with crispy skin served with hoison sauce, green onions, shrimp chips and slightly-sweet, soft buns (ohhh yeah) to wrap it all up in.  I'm a big fan of their Crispy, House-Fried Noodles served with a plethora of meats, seafood and bok choy. They make a pretty good steamed fish (it's served whole, with a head- so don't freak out) if you're being health conscious. It's served in a brothy, soy-saucey, gingery, scallionish sauce and is clean and simple.And lastly, if you are to eat ONE thing here, maybe even one last thing for your entire lifetime, let it be the Kowloon Style Crab..unless you're allergic to shellfish or something. It's a whole crab, served fried and covered in a ton of crispy garlic and jalapenos. The crab shell has a little layer of deep-fried goodness and I can eat the garlic straight up alone or on top of plain rice.  Yep, it's that good, and yep, I'm that disgusting.If you're a fan of the basic sweet and sour chicken...fried rice...egg rolls...etc. etc., I'm sure that stuff is good here, but I dare you to venture out of the boring and try some more authentic dishes.  The best way to dine here is to come with a big group and get a lot of different things to try, authentically Family Style!  And if you don't like it, then whatever, I hear there's another Chinese restaurant down the street that serves up crappy basics that might be more to your liking.
5	Went for our first visit on Christmas Day evening. Place was packed! - about a one hour wait for a table and about 45 minutes to get served. Worth every minute!!  Best Chinese food in the greater Phoenix area.  Lots of Yelp reviews panned the service but ours was great even under very hectic conditions.  If you're looking for ambiance this is NOT the place to go.  But if you're looking for outstanding Chinese cooking I suggest you give this place a try.  You won't be disappointed.
5	We were just there last night around 7pm for dinner, Dec 25th 2012.It was a bit of a confusion with getting on the waiting list since no staff was at the front counter for the longest time even with tons of folks standing around, but eventually things got sorted out.  I am from Southern CA, Chinese, and am extremely impressed about the food!  Wait staff (owners daughter and an middle age lady) was extremely friendly, even under the madhouse pace of trying their best to serve everyone.I would go here every time i am in PHX.  There might be a wait, but the staff and food is excellent.
2	I was not impressed by my 1st and last visit to Nee House. Both the egg drop and spicy soup were bland and could use work. The chicken in foil appetizer was chewy and looked undercooked. There was hair in the hot mustard dipping sauce cor the egg rolls. Gross! The cashew chicken was just ok. My boyfriend loved the sweet an sour pork so that's why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1.
5	I love this place, everything i have has been good and fresh tasting.  The salt and pepper shrimp is my favorite.
5	I'm an Asian who was raised with Cantonese or Hong Kong style cuisine. This was the only style you could get before Szechuan or other spicier style came to the US. Thie is the still the best way to have Chinese seafood and some other specialties such as the crispy noodle chow mein (not the stuff you get out of a can!). This is as good as anything you can can on the east coast or Chicago so we are really lucky to have a place like this here in AZ. If you like generic fried rice, egg rolls and orange chicken, please go to a buffet or Panda Express so the rest of us can enjoy this truly traditional delicious fare,
4	A great place to get out of the ordinary Chinese food.  This place can get really busy on weekend nights, so if you don't want to get upset about service don't go on a busy night, but if you have patience by all means.  It is after all a family owned and operated restaurant with all it's quirks. I personally have not been disappointed yet....My favorites...chow fun, duck dishes and whatever fresh Chinese greens or vegetables they have available that day.  Seafood dishes are great too, especially clams with black beans....
5	I used to take my chinese neighbor's kid to the bar with me, telling chicks he was the kid from 'The Goonies' only all grown-up. Sometimes, I said he was 'The Donger' from Sixteen Candles, other times, the kid in the Indiana Jones movies. All this in a shameless attempt at starting up conversations with hot babes. I know, pathetic, right?But something good did come of it.'Data', knew his Cantonese, usually insisting we go to Nee House for the shrimp fried rice, and spicy eggplant. Unfortunately, Data got wise to my shit and stopped going out with me when he got older.But that never stopped me from going back. Now, in a fitting tribute to Data, (I never really did know his name) once a week usually after sex, I stop here, mumble a bunch of Chinese shit Data taught me, and watch as the staff laughs uncontrollably while I stuff myself like a tick.
4	One of the few Chinese restaurants that I'd recommend in Phoenix.  It has proven time and time again to be consistently good.  Its a bit more on the expensive side for Chinese food (but you have to understand that I usually demand cheap good eats), but overall I think the food is worth the slight premium.  Especially since its one of the few restaurants that is actually located in Northeast Phoenix opposed to Chandler or the Westside.  I recommend the French style beef cubes, snow pea leaves, and walnut shrimp.  But really most dishes are delicious.  The decor is not super impressive, but clean.  And the service is a bit lackluster, but the food is what you go for and the food is good.Happy eating!
5	This is a very good Chinese Restaurant. Secret, call ahead and see if they have live fish that day. My wife loves the black bean fish, says its to die for.  I really like their walnut shrimp. When you see a "lot" of natives at the camp, you know it has to be good food in the kettle.
4	i went there since its pretty close to the house and my husband has gone there more than a couple times.  i ordered the egg flower soup and won ton soup (i was sick and need soup to comfort me).  the egg flower soup was nothing special but the won ton soup was super special.  there was seafood and giant won tons.  would go back for the won ton soup $9!
4	My previous review has the real details about what i LOVE about their food!Update:  Doing mostly take-out here, but at least one of the grumpy girls is more friendly now!  Yesterday when I grabbed our to-go order, she smiled, made small conversation, and did not exude a sullen disposition in any way.  I'm happy for me, I'm happy for her!Ordered many of our usual items, plus Mongolian beef, which was very tasty. I'm stil partial to the Ginger beef, however.
4	Just like everyone else, I echo the sentiments: Good food, bad service.I did takeout here. I placed my order, paid, and the woman at the counter disappeared. I sat there for about 15-20 minutes. Another woman scurried out, set down three bags of food next to me and, I kid you not, her feet did not stop moving and she quickly turned and scurried back to the kitchen. I shouted after her, "CAN I GET A BOX?" She kept walking. I picked up the bags and within the first second one of them breaks. Of course it'd be the one with soup in it, duh!I don't really have the desire to eat there based on my experience and the other reviews, but I got a ton of food for $50 and it was pretty good.
5	AMAZING hot and sour soup. I would go here every day if i didn't think the staff would think I'm nuts. They already know my order when i stop by as it is :-)
4	Enjoyed Nee House immensely. No service issues, just fantastic chinese food. Food order? Spicy Green Beans = Perfect!, Chow Fun (Chicken) = Perfect! Just a great place. Perhaps my expectations were set by all the bad service reviews, but I was not disappointed.
4	The best Chinese food in northern Phoenix, and maybe in the entire metro area.  Heck, my wife and I have sampled the Chinese cultural district as well, and in our opinion, the Nee House betters all restaurants there as well.  The Nee House has the best General Tso's chicken in the region, with a little twist (I think it's ginger, but i'm not certain) that sets it apart form its competition.  The General Tso's rivals its competition from the west coast and east coast.  The noodles are fantastic, with fresh ingredients and vegetables, and the eggplant and salt-n-pepper shrimp are outstanding.The only reason i didn't give The Nee House 5 stars (and I admit, I'm being picky) is because they do not have a dish I've been looking for in the entire Phoenix metro-area, but admittedly the Nee House does not  focus on Sichuan-style dishes (the dish i'm looking for is Sichuan Spicy Cold Chicken Noodles, which i fell in love with while living in the Bay area, but which is impossible to find in the Phoenix-metro area).If you want authentic, delicious, Chinese food, make sure you give the Nee House a try.
5	Go here for the food and go with my sister-in-law!  Boy, does she order enough to satisfy everyone in our party, making other diners in the restaurant envious of our meal!  They weren't too busy the last time we went and the food came out faster than we could all get to the dishes.  We were surrounded by Kowlown crab (fried and covered in fried garlic and peppers) peking duck, singapore noodles, mushrooms with gai lon, pea shoots, peking pork, shaking beef, black bean clams and we ate it all!Where we go for a Chinese food fix.  Better with groups, but good with my hubs too - we order eggplant, peking pork and fish w/ bean sauce just for the two of us!!  mmm
5	Perhaps the most authentic Chinese food in the area and I wouldn't have expected it looking from the outside of the restaurant.Definitely try their shaking cube beef which is super tender and flavorful. We order it every time we go there...you'll thank me later! LOL.For a splurge, have the chef make you the house special lobster which includes black pepper, butter and large pieces of scallion and leak. Very flavorful compared to the normal ginger/scallion sauce that most places make.We were so impressed with the food that we took our out of town guests who live in San Francisco over there and they were also pleasantly surprised with the quality and taste of the food.Prices are reasonable. Service has always been pleasant.I notice they get a lot of take out orders.We will be back!
4	Service not the friendliest, but the food trumps all. Served hot and delicious with just the right seasoning. The ginger chicken was outstanding
4	The first couple of times I went to Nee House I was unimpressed.  We had ordered typical stuff off their American menu, which was okay but nothing to rave about. Then I dined there with a Chinese friend who ordered off their Chinese menu, and my opinion of Nee House did a 180 degree turn.  If you're ready to be a little adventurous, you're in for a taste treat!  I love their steamed fish, which is slathered in a delicate, flavorful broth.  The Kowloon Crab is a garlicky treat, but wear old clothes when you dig into this sticky hands-on goodie or your next stop might have to be the dry cleaners.  Other favorites are the Szechuan Green Beans and Garlic Eggplant.
1	The food is decent, but the customer service is AWFUL! For the third time in a row we got home with our take-out order to discover part of our order is missing.  We ordered moo-shu pork and both the crepes and plum sauce were missing.  I contacted the restaurant and they were unwilling to credit our card for that entree, no apology.  I argued with the owner that we can not eat moo shu without the crepes and her response was, "well then drive back and get them."  Why would I continue to give money to a restaurant that provides terrible customer service?  This is the LAST time I will order from them.
5	The best chinese restuarant in Arizona!!!!! I've visited a few chinese resturants and nothing compares to the food here! looking for some good chinese food when you are in AZ this is the place to go.
2	Stopped by Nee House for lunch the other day right before 3pm after reading reviews on yelp.  They have a lot of fish tanks with live seafood that you can order, which I thought was pretty impressive.  Lunch, however, wasn't as impressive.The lunch menu is very small.  I normally go for a sesame or house special chicken, neither of which were on the lunch menu (and it clearly says no substitutions), so I settled for orange chicken.  Almost all of the lunch prices are $6.99, with a few options being $7.99.  For this price, you get a cup of soup (choice of egg drop or hot and sour, which I was glad for), your entree, white or fried rice, and a spring roll.  The hot and sour soup smelled incredible, but sadly didn't live up to its scent.  I added some salt, but it didn't really help it out.  This being said, it's much better than almost all other hot and sour soups I've had around here.  The orange chicken was white meat and somewhat dry.  The sauce was okay, not too much flavor there either.  The spring roll wasn't bad.  A gentleman came in after me and ordered fried rice with his meal.  After he ordered, the staff started streaming out of the kitchen to eat a family-style lunch at one of the large corner tables, bringing out their own plates of rice for themselves.  When the gentleman received his food, he let the guy know that he had ordered fried rice, but they had given him steamed.  The older woman that had been taking care of us then told him that they were 'out' of fried rice.  Total crap, am I right?  If he ordered it and it was fine then, why isn't it now?  It soon became clear when the dishwasher came out with his own plate full of fried rice to eat at the corner table with the other staff.  I almost couldn't believe it.  The gentleman didn't catch this however, so he didn't complain.  I felt bad for him.  They obviously don't care too much about it, since they didn't offer to cook him a side of it.  Oh well.Based on the food, I won't be coming back.  My search for good chinese food in the valley continues.
4	One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix valley, have been to Nee House for a few years now and the food has been consistently delicious. Always come here to fill up the little homesickness. Took a few different groups of friends over and no one has disappointed. Some of our most ordered dishes are French styled beef, garlic crabs and stir-fried A vegetables. Of course there are many other good ones, just be a bit adventurous and give it a try :-)
4	Moving here from San Francisco where Chinese food was as common as seeing women in Scottsdale wear shorts with Uggs, I found this place to be as good as it gets for Chinese food in the Valley.As I read most of the comments for this restaurant or any other restaurant in general, people love to rant about how this was bad, or the service was horrible.....there was one that mentioned the food had a specific temperature when it came out. Unbelievable how people can tell how hot or cold the food is to a specific degree! I LOVE that some mouths come with a thermometer!!!  What if I stuck my....nevermind!!As of now, Nee House keeps me content when I am craving Chinese food and missing San Francisco.  Everyone is trying the "american version" of Chinese food.  Being a foodie......a few things to learn about Chinese restaurants.1.  There really isn't anything as orange chicken, or pineapple chicken, etc...You ain't gonna find none of this shit in Asia! Try Panda Express if you want good orange chicken!2.  Chinese restaurants will not have the service you will find at a 3 Michelin rated restaurant unless you're dining at Tommy Toy's in San Francisco.  The attitude and rudeness comes with the territory.  Anyone ever go for soul food?  Same attitude, what's the difference?? Tough it up, bitches!  Besides, the food tastes better with attitude.3. Reality check.....WE LIVE IN PHOENIX!!!!  You want Chinese food, this is it!Nee House......try:*Beef Chow Fun.....as good as it gets in Hong Kong, NY, SF, or any major city with a Chinatown.*A-Vegetable......spicy, this dish's origin is from Taiwan. Very seasonal. I was surprised they have this dish year round here.  You can't even find that in the Bay Area year round.  * Fried Pork spareribs in salt-spicy.....a bit greasy, but pretty authentic.
1	We used to go there as often as we could, the food were great, the service we received was fine. Until the horror stories I heard from friend and my sister-in-law, and I also witnessed how they spoke (in Chinese) disrespectfully about their Caucasian customers. To be fair, their food are great, but I am not willing to bring my business to a family with an attitude. There is more than one fish in the pond.
4	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. Their dishes are always very consistent, fresh and authentic. Our family will return here again and again, but we almost exclusively order takeout. Our favorites include pineaple chicken, mu shu chicken, black bean anything (shrimp or chicken), pan fried noodles.. the list goes on. I highly recommend the Nee House! But I would suggest ordering takeout, their service isn't great at all.
4	Very good Chinese food. Everything is very well done, and their fish dishes stand out. I would highly recommend the rock cod with black bean sauce, ma po tofu, and the rock cod with vegetables.
4	We eat here on a regular basis.  It's like that little hole in the wall place that has tasty food for reasonable prices here!  I can't vouch for their full menu... we always get the chicken in spicy garlic sauce... that's it.  They have lunch specials that come with a spring roll and fried or white rice... its delicious... love it.  White meat chicken and lots of veggies.  By hole in the wall I don't mean it in a bad way... these are the places that have the best food a lot of times.  Place always looks decently clean... if decently is even a word... but I love my dish... I would suggest it to anyone.
4	Finding authentic Chinese food in Scottsdale has been quite difficult.  Nee House is the solution to that problem.  Their menu on Yelp is not as extensive as when you get to the restaurant.  When I got to the restaurant and saw their menu, I was amazed by all the choices and could eat here all week and not cover everything I wanted to order.
4	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant on this side of town cause they have the best Chinese food. You can order anything on the menu and its always been very good. I like to get the rock cod with vegetables, braised string beans, house chow mein with Hong Kong style noodles. So good. The restaurant is decorated just like a restaurant in Chinatown but we don't have a Chinatown in this city. I would say its a little tacky but clean. The service is pretty good but overall the food is really good here. For sure we'll be back.
2	I stopped by for lunch today around 12:30, craving some type of eggplant dish. Finally around 1pm, someone comes and takes my order, I ordered the shrimp and eggplant in schezwan sauce, with the egg flower soup. The soup tasted like boiled water with a scrambled egg. The shrimp and eggplant dish I ordered had only a couple of pieces of shrimp and lots of eggplant, the sauce was flavorless.
3	Very large menu with Live Crab, and Lobster that you can pick from the nearby tanks if you wish. They have both the typical Americanized dishes and some of the more Authentic Dishes. Nice!I have tried several of the lunch specials as well as some of the authentic dishes on the fish side of the menu. Lunch portions are very large and a great value. Really liked the Deep Fried Oysters with Black Bean Sauce and a Seafood dish I ordered with Crispy Noodles off the dinner menu. So many choices.Not bad for this part of town. It is hard to find anything similar around here without driving a great distance. Service is a little more Sour than Sweet depending on who you get. This is fine if you are talking about soup of course. I generally like to let the server order for me based on what they recommend and did not get much help. Would like to see a little more enthusiasm.Give it a try and see what you think. I will definitely be back again for the lunch specials and then some.3.5 STARS
5	The BEST Chinese Restaurant east of San Francisco and southwest of New York City from a food standpoint.Just an FYI though, the waitress their though takes a little getting used to. I would characterize her as the Soup Nazi without the hard and fast rules you need to learn, but it could come off to some as rude. Many local Chinese eat their and even in large groups so it even further validates that it is 100% authentic and its very tasty food!!!
2	The food is really good, but the service can be better !!
5	Fresh and authentic Chinese food. We especially love their seafood dishes. They also make the best hot and sour soup I've ever had. It's perfect for whatever ails you!
5	This place is much more than your average neighborhood Chinese restaurant. First off, it has live seafood, which is the hallmark of a real Cantonese restaurant. Fish maw, conpoy (dried scallops), steamed fresh fish, lobster, crab, these are serious delicacies! Everything I've had there since discovering it has been wonderful. I lived for two years in South China, and it's a serious treat to find a place with good food from there. Even stuff like their pu-pu platter is head and shoulders above anything else I've had in the valley, just because of the superior ingredients and cooking. The beef skewers are tender, succulent pieces of quality meat. The "chicken in paper" wrapped in foil is juicy and savory in that special Cantonese way. Their char siu is tender and delicious. Nothing is sickly sweet or soaked in oil. I want to eat everything on the menu. This place really is a gem. I don't know of anywhere even remotely on this side of town with real Chinese food like this.
5	I originally saw a few old reviews that made me wonder where they ate...I had a fine dinner last night and the food was excellent...Pineapple chicken outstanding and the egg rolls crispy and tasty....my companion had Orange chicken that was outstanding as well..my only advice is to know what you need when the server in at your table as they were difficult to get their attention when I realized I forgot to ask for chop sticks...but enjoyed my meal with a fork...YUMMY!!!!!!!!!!
3	Ehhh pretty good food. They have some real chinese dishes that other places don't really serve. Kind of pricey though. Staff is also not pleasant. Feels like you should sit down, eat and leave in 20 mins cause of how dull everyone there is. Oh well not expecting to see waiters using crumbers at places like this. Will keep going back and hope they warm up to me
1	This was by far the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant in my entire life. I wish I could say I am exaggerating, but this really topped every bad experience I've ever had in the past. The entire experience was bad, from beginning to end. We came in for a Thanksgiving meal, and the hour we endured ruined the entire holiday.The service here was beyond terrible. We were 1 of 3 tables being served, so it wasn't busy at all - but we were treated like they had a full house and a line of people waiting out the door. It all began when we weren't greeted. The woman hurriedly walked up to us and looked at us as if we came in to ask a question. I said "two please," and she replied "two what?" I repeated myself "Two, for here, please." And then the fun began....It took us about 10 minutes to even be acknowledged by the waiter/owner. When we asked for a coke and diet coke, he angrily took our teacups away and returned with our sodas about 10 minutes later. I'm not sure what we did to tick him off, but he sure was upset that we came in.When we inquired about the price of crab, he told us "Ummmm, ummmmmmmmm, $45.00. Some are bigger some are smaller," and very quickly walked away, said something to the lady working there and walked in the back. Finally he came back and took our order. We ordered in Chinese, he confirmed it in English.The food certainly didn't take long to arrive - so much so that the paper wrapped chicken was still partially raw in the center, and the peppered beef was uncooked halfway through. The dishes themselves were presentable, but very, very small and pricey for a typical Chinese joint. We never complained about the raw food. The owner added an additional dish about 5 minutes after we began to eat. He became very upset with us when we told them we didn't order it and asked him to take it back. We weren't rude about the mistake with the additional dish, but he quickly got an attitude with us and began to argue with us about the dish and wanted us to take responsibility for it. He refused to serve us the for remainder of the meal and had the other lady working there give us our check. We certainly won't be returning, and I hope that anyone else who braves this establishment has a better experience than we did.
4	Pretty dang authentic, for Phoenix.Try the eggplant, even if you don't normally like eggplant. Or order the spicy bean curd. Yummy and very traditional. And the noodles- any of the noodles are good.
1	The service to grab a seat is slow like 20 minutes because they don't care. As soon as I sat down the waitress said you order now or leave. We ordered and 12 minutes later the food came out warm and cold and just to my luck I found a piece hair and told them and they said its not are fault. And... I said I don't want it because of this. Rude people. Dirty kitchen.
2	I'm torn on this one. These people have some of the most delicious and authentic Chinese food in the area, but the service is below atrocious. If you are black, white, or Hispanic they will most certainly say things about you in their own language. They speak Chinese and Vietnamese. I went with a good friend of mine who is Vietnamese and they were translating all the stuff they were saying about customers in their respective language. The head lady there is one of the most unpleasant people to do business with. She's rude, grouchy, and borderline disrespectful.       Conversely, the food there is beyond authentic. I'm a foodie and I know good food. It's quality and delicious. Certain dishes you will not find anywhere else. It is simply a hole in the wall with extraordinary food. Walnut shrimp, PuPu platter, hot and sour soup, egg rolls, low mein , and of course the live seafood. It tough to give my money to to these people because the service is so substandard but those food is epic. As long as you know all this info going in, your much better off in terms of managing expectations.
1	We ate here once and the food was good, but expensive. We got takeout for a special occasion last weekend, and the food was tasteless. We were all disappointed in the entrees we ordered. The Shanghai Noodles, my friend's favorite, were very dry with no sauce, and definitely no spices added.The Kung Pow Chicken and Mandarin Beef literally had no taste and not even soy sauce or salt and pepper would bring them up to par. We all enjoy spicy food and we found only two chiles between the two dishes, that were definitely not hot the way we like or have had at other Chinese restaurants. The only dish that resembled what we expected were the Walnut Prawns. This place is more expensive than any other Chinese takeout we have used over the years, and not worth the extra money--so you don't always get what you pay for. Our bill at Nee House was $54 [and we even tipped $6 bucks] compared to a recent similar order from Bamboo China, which was $34 and excellent! Last time we will order from here.
3	I have to agree with many of the reviewers. The food is delicious, but the service STINKS!! The service is not friendly, you feel like you've been accosted when they take your order, and when the food comes out they practically drop it on the table and run for the hills. On a positive note, the food is very good, we've not yet been disappointed with any of our selections. My two boys are very picky eaters, but they devour the chicken w/veggies, veggie lo mein, and house fried rice.
4	Dinner last night so delicious!  Four of us enjoyed sizzling rice seafood soup, the most savory garlic string beans, tender cashew chicken, beef with black bean sauce and mixed vegetables!  We look forward to trekking back from Mesa soon!  One downside: wait staff were inattentive and careless with serving "over" their guests!
4	Kung pao Shrimp lunch with soup and egg roll was under $10, a large portion and very good!  A nice place for lunch.
5	We've recently been doing a lot of take out from Nee House on a BIG scale - think dinner for 10. Two new favs: the hot pot full of stewed beef and big flavor. Turnips and five spice yumminess and the fried tofu with dried scallops which fakes us into eating vegetables and is a unique and delicious dish!EVERYONE is happier at Nee House these days and the karma is better because of it!
1	Four of us dined here for the second time on Sunday.  The food was excellent....however, this was our second time experiencing poor service, which we thought was an aberration on our first visit!  All wait staff are exceedingly rude to the point of exasperation!  They are not attentive and act as though they are enduring you!  We had to ask for hot tea repeatedly; after entrees arrived (with a time gap between each) we had to ask repeatedly for the accompanying rice. Insult ended our experience...when presented with the bill we were asked by two wait staffers to vacate our table...even though no one was waiting for a table and several tables were vacant.  We will definitely NEVER return to this venue!
4	We love Nee House! The lemon chicken and house fried rice are delicious!!! Great food, great service!
3	Do not try to modify anything you order!! I asked for extra sauce on my to go order. Can't do it the container is full. Can you put some in another small container? NO!! Got home and there was less sauce than usual and plenty of room!! They will not accommodate any changes and are very abrupt and rude about it!!
5	Following the Yelp reviews, my daughter and I tried Nee House last week.  The service was attentive and the food was very good.  The portions are very large and the fried rice was not greasy as I have found with other Chinese restaurants in this area.  We'll be back, probably this week.
1	This place is AWESOME!  I'd recommend everyone take management's advice and try your entree with the chef's hair...it truly is something you won't get anywhere else (we'll...you'll get it here and there, but mgmt probably won't promote it).  If you are slightly adventurous like me, order the clay pot with beef stew and turnip.  When I got mine, there was a hair on one of the turnips in the stew (I'm definitely one of the lucky ones...don't be jealous Lana Del Rey!).  No big deal, i get that it happens...so I wait until my waitress checks on us and point out the hair.  The waitress then picks up the pot for a close inspection and acknowledges that it is truly human hair (good thing she did, since my vision at age 34 is deteriorating quickly).  She then holds the pot, looks at me, and asks what I would like her to do (she is young..i'm guessing in her early 20's, speaks English fluently, probably grew up in Phoenix and is part of the restaurant owner's family, at least to my understanding).  Since she is new to this culture of 'eating out at a restaurant', I advise her that my preference is for the kitchen to re-make me the dish.  The waitress gives me a stunned look (since I am asking for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow) and tells me that the hair is only on one turnip.  She then puts the clay pot back on the table, and provides me her advice.  She (and Confucius) says that I should simply remove the turnip with the hair from the stew and continue eating the dish.  (Whoop, there is it!).  My first reaction was that this was crazy, but then I realized... the human hair was actually being used as an ingredient in giving flavor to the stew/broth.  Although not meant to be eaten, it was one of the magical ingredients that made the food at Nee House special.  No wonder the waitress looked at me like I was a leprechaun (and not the lucky charms type, more like the scary 90's movie version...you know the one they did so many sequels of)!Well, it is May, but Happy St. Patty's Day, and go check out Nee House!  It is a dining experience you won't forget.  Tip: Keep your fingers crossed you get the early 20's female waitress (I think she's the only one in that age group working as a waitress there).  She will make sure you get the royal treatment.
1	Me and my roommates have been coming to this place for over a year. We usually enjoy the food but have never really enjoyed the service. Usually when we have eaten here we get it to go because the service is poor. This time I drove nearly 20 minutes to come pick up the food, I picked it up I brought it home and we started eating. Then a fly was discovered in one of the dishes. We called and said we were going to want a refund the lady we spoke to was not going to give us a refund unless we brought the food in. I didn't mind that but she was argumentative over the phone. I packed up the food, and drove all the way back and brought it into the store. I walked in, and I was quiet, she came up to me and said "let me see" she took the bag I had and just started walking towards the back. Then she went into the kitchen, I could hear her talking but since I do not speak Chinese I did not know what she was saying. She then came out and the first thing out of her mouth was, "You ate a lot of the food so I am not going to give you all your money back". I said, I had no problem with that but I do have a problem with the attitude you are giving me. I said, "I understand things like this happen but you have not been courteous to us at all". She gave us half of our money back in cash. She said people try to fake things like this all the time. I said I know, I use to work in a restaurant, I know how people try to scam things. I told her thank you and walked out. I understand them wanting to see the food and making sure we were not lying but there was never one time she said I'm sorry for the inconvenience or anything like that. Not even sorry there was a little insect in your dinner. This really sucks because no matter how good the food usually is, the rudeness and dis-respectfulness will keep me from coming back.... Ever.
5	War wonton soup was really good. Mixed seafood platter is a really light dish with white sauce, the seafood was cooked really well so it wasn't too chewy. Overall happy dinner.
5	My mom loves this restaurant ! Good food ! Big portion for its price! My favorite is BBQ duck and Peking duck is my next item to try!  Good service!!! 5 stars for this guy!
5	This is the 4th time I have been here, everything has been consistently excellent ! Live seafood from the tank ( lobsters, crabs).Their service is attentive and  food is served pretty fast. Of course, thumbs up for authentic Cantonese cooking!  The closest real Chinese place to my house, so I will be coming back whenever  I don't feel like driving to chandler or Mesa.
5	My family and I have been going to Nee House for years now and it is one if not the best place to get real authentic Chinese food in Phoenix. Some of our favorites are the Singapore noodles, beef chow fun, crispy pan fried chow mein,mandarin pork chops, wonton soup, and the salt fish and chicken fried rice. Prices are decent but I would say it is worth it. If your looking for some good Chinese food then you should check this place out!
5	I have been going to Nee House for about 10 years.  Coming from the SF Bay Area, I thought I'd have to do without good Chinese food, but Nee House is (almost) as good as the real deal in SF.  I'm currently trying to work through the menu since I almost always get the same dish!  My recent find was the Rock Cod in Black Bean Sauce and XO Scallops.  These were so good that they are now the dishes that I must deny myself to continue my journey through the menu.  I wish I had started exploring earlier.  In case you want to know, my old favorite dish was the seafood with crispy noodles.  Oh, now I'm craving that one!  darn, looks like Nee House tonight!
2	I feel like I'm in an abusive relationship with Nee House. They treat me like shit but I keep coming back for more because their authentic dishes make me love them long time (inappropriate? Eh). I mean, it's never a shock when I come in and the staff makes me feel as if I just dropped into their home without calling first, but today they really turned me off with their rudeness.I go in at about 2:45pm with my daughter for lunch. There is only one table being used. The woman points to the table right next to the only people eating at the restaurant. So, I smile but went one table over and sat down. The woman comes out of the kitchen and says "no, can you sit at that table over there?" I looked at her as if questioning why I couldn't sit at the table I had chosen, and she pointed to one of the large, family-style tables right next to the table I had chosen, and said "they're going to have dinner". I moved, but was very perplexed as to what the issue was. Aren't all the tables there for a reason? And who eats dinner at 3 in the afternoon? Anyway, I shook it off and ordered the shrimp and eggplant in Szechuan sauce; it was amazing, as usual. My daughter enjoyed her chicken lo mein. What I didn't love is how the waitress brought out one dish way before the other, and never acknowledged our numerous friendly "thank you's". She just had this energy that yelled "this is the last thing I want to be doing right now. Why are you here?!"Then....the staff starts coming out of the kitchen to that table that I wasn't allowed to sit near. THAT'S why I couldn't sit there?! I guess I am a second-class citizen that cannot sit at my preferred table if it is too close to the staff as they eat their food. Totally turned me off. Ridiculous. And for those who claim "it's about the food, not the service", that is ridiculous too. When you eat out, the way you are treated as well as how delicious the food is contributes to your experience as a whole. Is the food good? Absolutely. Does this mean that it's a good experience? Probably not. I vowed to never go back....at least until I get another craving for that shrimp dish-- with a side of jerk sauce.
3	I have been to this restaurant several times. It is so unusual that despite them having seeing us on many occasions, they always act as if they have never seen us before. The servers are cold ,impersonal and seem a bit sarcastic. I never leave the restaurant with a good feeling that I have been treated well and courteously. So why do we go?The food is undoubtedly fresh and I have seen some of my foodie physician friends over there ..enjoying the food. Also it is relatively close to home and affordable ( except when it comes to crustaceans). The Ambience sucks, but then again, that keeps the overheads and prices low. I asked my son why he keeps going there. He replied.. "Dad ,the food must be good if people go back again and again after being treated like crap"!
4	Had take out for the first time.  New to Phoenix and Never had such a hard time locating good Chinese.  I may have found our north Phoenix/Scottsdale fix!  Good sesame chicken, Szechuan Beef, excellent fried rice with light use of oil.  We will be going back to test the service as that is a major knock that I see online.  The reception was friendly although a little slow.  We shall see!
5	My family loves this restaurant. We all have varied tastes and enjoy exploring the entire menu. My favorite is eggplant and shrimp with schezuan sauce. The staff is friendly and efficient, much better than the current restaurant trend of smothering attention. Highly recommend.
1	We have gone to this restaurant for a couple of years and it has almost always been good. The service is awful, border lining on rude so we switched to take out only. Today we brought home our $50 order and discovered a fly in it. When I called I was told that refunds were not issued only credit on your next order for just that item. Once the fly was found in our food, everyone lost their appetite. I won't dine there again since they refused to issue a full refund and were extremely argumentative over the phone. We even brought home the order back to them to show them the fly. Very poor business management
2	The food was ok. I got the Orange Chicken and it was plentiful. The service was terrible though. They were mean little Asians here. Told me I couldn't add shrimp, then charged me $2 to take more rice??  I felt like I was in s different country. They gave me a kids cup to start with. Will never be back.
1	Can you have ZERO stars??? The food is actually good.  If you feel like being treated like shit, this is the place for you.  We have been long - time customers until tonight.  They have no respect for their customers.  If looks could kill when you walk thru the door.  Another review said it reminds them of Chinatown in NYC and Boston.  Having grown up in NYC and living in Boston as an adult, this is NOTHING like Chinatown.  In New York they are smart enough to realize that repeat business is where it is at. The cost of new customer acquisition is too high. After getting apps on our table, a suspect hair was noticed on a plate. Ok, let's cut to the chase...it was a pube! When we pointed it out, there was no concern whatsoever. It comes as no surprise that this could happen as the bathroom is filthy and constantly has nothing to wipe your hands with -- I guess tonight they used my plate.  If your dish of choice is "house special" anything you are rolling the dice at this place.
2	The food is good Chinese food though I did get sick once. The owners have been rude several times rushing us our the door saying there were people waiting. Also the men's room needs a deep cleaning
1	We have had dinner in and carried out and they are by far the rudest people either way. There are several other Chinese restaurants very close that have better food and treat you with at least respect. The lady standing at the front of nee house who processes pick up orders needs to be in a line of business where she never has to deal with people! She's a walking talking nightmare!!
1	Edible....food was hot, the steamed rice was perfect ...not coming back unless reviews change. Does have a traditional menu though
4	My favorite Chinese food in the Valley.  I have seen many posts about the service, but I know the Owners and they are great, warm people when you get to know them.  The service style is very much in-line with their traditional Chinese culture.  Food is always top-notch. I like Egg flower soup - the salt & pepper crusted crab is amazing.  Fresh seafood, great fried rice!  Love The Nee!!!
