4	Yos Wisnu (the photographer who runs Yos Photo) was a really lucky find for me and my fiance when we were planning our wedding.  Yos is funny and easy to get along with, and he did a really great job with our engagement shots and our wedding photos.  Unlike many photographers, Yos didn't distract our guests by making his presence obvious during the ceremony, nor did he try to make our reception one big photo shoot -- his style was really nice and non-intrusive, and the pictures came out beautifully.  His photography is a good mix between more formal posed shots and a more candid, photojournalistic approach.  This means that I have a beautiful album with a nice mixture of traditionally-composed portraiture of my loved ones, as well as some more free-wheeling and spontaneous shots of our reception.  Yos's rates are REALLY reasonable, too, plus he gives you DVDs with all your images as part of the package -- some photographers charge extra for this.  To top it all off, I received my DVDs less than three weeks after the wedding -- he had done all the retouching, etc., in that short span of time.
5	One word describes Yos Photography......FABULOUS!!!!!. I don't know where to start. He was very easy to work with, unintrusive and took many candid shots. He is very creative with his surrounding. My daughter found him through the internet. One of the best finds ever!! His pictures are beautiful and his slideshow is the best...very creative. On top of all this his rates are very reasonable.
5	We chose a package that included two photographers for our wedding. The package was an excellent value and included an engagement session, and a disc of all our photos. We received over 1500 beautiful photos on disc just two weeks after the wedding. We have received many, many compliments on our photos, and we could not be more pleased with the final product.Yos is very professional, and very friendly and fun to be around. He was so easy to work with. He and the other photographer, plus an assistant, were all over the place taking pictures but did not disrupt any of the action or get in anyone's way. We are 100% pleased with our photos, and we definitely recommend Yos Photo!
5	Before even starting this review, I know it's not going to do YosPhoto justice. Yos photographed our wedding last fall at a small B&B in the Southside section of Pittsburgh.  The main thing that attracted us to him was the fact that he gives you the rights to the photos and allows you to have them printed.  In between email communication and the face to face meeting, his prices changed (believe me, they were still more than reasonable after the change!).  To show his integrity, he honored the lower price even though it had changed before we signed a contract.  We knew from that moment that we wanted to do business with him.  Our venue was unique and we had heard from other couples and through reviews that the owner could be a little challenging to work with, but Yos handled everything beautifully and professionally.  Our pictures are absolutely incredible!  We wanted something a bit different from your standard everyone-standing-in-a-row shots and he totally pulled through!!Yos is a top-notch, honorable businessman and kind person.  We've recommended him to other couples and plan to continue to work with him when we start a family. Don't waste time looking at other photographers, book Yos!  You won't be disappointed.
5	Yos is such an incredible photographer. He was so patient with our hectic and unique wedding situation. SO me and my husband were getting married on one day and having our reception another day. Yos was nice enough to make himself available to us on both occasions not to mention he gave us an awesome price on our package.WE took photos downtown and in oakland, outside of PNC park and various other places. He showed up promptly, suggested many posses for us as well as lettings fool around and do our own. We took so many pictures, nearly 1000. I love the color and focus that he used for our pictures. They are so clear and brilliant not to mention he even printed out several metallic pictures for our guest to view at the reception. He does amazing work and is such a humble person.i would recommend him to any and everyone. He has the best prices, photos and patience so anyone looking to really have pictures to be happy about, HE IS THE ONE!!
