5	Awesome food, big portions, cheap price. Its pretty decent looking in there and its clean. Only negative thing is parking is somewhat complicated. Mhmmm steak breakfast burritos :)
1	Avoid this place! I had some beef tacos and they have to be the WORST I've ever had in my life! I have never seen taco meat like this? It looked like they first boiled a steak and then chopped it with a claw hammer and seasoned it only with black pepper.My wife had the steak buritto and encountered the same lousy beef. I went to this place because I was nearby and a yelper had given it 5 stars?!? I can't even imagine how drunk this person must have been to give it 5 stars. Did I already say? Avoid this place!!
5	Great food very clean price r righ exelent services i'am back again good steak love it
4	They make a good Steak Burrito at moderate prices. The guy behind the counter was really nice too.
4	I work down the street from el steak burrito, so for lunch I alwayse order from here. Food is actually pretty good here believe it or not. I'm not a fan of the steak burrito, but all my coworkers rave about it, I prefer there chicken burrito instead. I love how they make there burrito here with rice, beans, pico degallo, and cilantro. Every time I order I usually request for extra cilantro and less on the rice and it comes out perfect.     There papusa is good here also, I like the cheese filling but the other variety are good as well. Make sure you order 2 atleast cause the portion is small, I could probably eat 5 of the papusa alone but I wont lolz, it's hella greasy. The only complaint I have here is the location, horrible parking especially during afternoon. But if you work in this area, el steak burrito is worth the visit. Good food and good service.
4	Not bad for Las Vegas, Coming from the bay area, its going to be a tough review but holds its own for a mexican joint. The prices are amazing and the burrito holds its own.
4	Great steak burrito. Friendly service. Like a cross between fast food and traditional sit down. A little warm inside (A/C could be better). Great salsa! Delicious lunch spot :)
3	Homestyle Mexican food- the only thing Americanized about their namesake steak burrito is the flour tortilla. It's packed with a bit of Spanish rice, a not-overwhelming amount of beans, a good portion of slightly-charred steak, and a handful of cilantro and onions. They also offer tacos and a breakfast menu.The other star here is the pupusas! Window art states they were once voted best pupusas in the city-I've only tried the revueltas, but they're spot on. Thick and filled without being skimpy or overpriced (about $2/each), good-sized and not too greasy. Several varieties to choose from, too.Service is adequate- wait might be a bit longer than you're used to, but they make their pupusas fresh which is way better than any other option that may save you a few minutes. Dining room looks like it's furnished with the tables and chairs from someone's own dining room, which gives it an oddly homey feeling.
5	...dam this place is killer !!! Dam good tacos !!!!and mad fresh too ..good shit .. nice and clean ... came at lunch 12 ... I'm so dam surprised this place aimt swamped !!!!:] give this spot a shot !!
