3	Having been previously an Irish bar & then Scots one the obvious next step was for this site to go Hawaiian.Decor-wise that's been achieved to good effect. Atmosphere and customer-wise, however, it seems to yet be early days as there was hardly anyone in when I stopped in for a pint on the way home last Saturday night. It was a bleak night and town never seems to be that busy these days anyway so those could both have been factors but what also contributes to failures here I think is the location. It would though be nice to see this incarnation of the space thrive as it's definitely something different in the city which is never a bad thing so I'll make a return visit and see if the food and cocktails are up to much (certainly no complaints about the quality of ale or bar service).
3	I'd walked by this place ages ago, and this weekend finally got a chance to go with Miss Catriona C  who, having spent quite a bit of time in San Francisco, shared my love for a good Tiki bar.  It actually wasn't until The Man asked me what a Tiki bar was, I realised that it's more of a US/CA/SF standard than a UK one.52 Canoes makes a strong try at being a Tiki bar.  It's colourful, with leis hanging from the ceiling and a list of fruity rum-based cocktails that should be served with umbrellas.  It's not quite as kitchy as the SF Tiki bars I'm used to, but equally the floor wasn't sticky and the toilets weren't freaky dodgy, so there were certainly highs and lows.  It has a pretty good looking menu and we opted to share some spicy bean nachos that just kept going and were pretty tasty.  We couldn't come to a Tiki bar and not drink ridiculous cocktails, we both started with a blended fresh pineapple and rum based drink.  Catriona's was too minty to her taste and I actually thought it was a bit too heavy on the pineapple, making the drink very thick and a bit sickly at the end.Our second drink was so good we didn't deviate from it for the third round.  Chili vodka with chocolate liqueur, chocolate syrup, something vanilla, and topped with nutmeg.  Dizzam that was a good drink, and seriously spicy!The staff, while nice, were unfortunately very inattentive for the first half of our visit.  We waited for ages for someone to take our first drink order, and ages again for anyone to notice that our glasses were empty.  The bar was pretty empty at this time so staff were mostly just chatting amongst themselves as we were waiting.  So, I would definitely go again for more ridiculous tasty cocktail drinking, to try more of the good food, but maybe Saturday late afternoon is just too quiet for the staff to be very attentive?
3	I went here after work last friday frankly because everyone else was going there and (in the interests of honesty) I was already half cut. It's underground in a hole or something, under some buildings, but not a dirty...damp hole.... a cosy tiki den themed hole (hobbit quote).They have cocktails - these SEEMED expensive - however I'm not a massive one for cock(tails) so maybe these were reasonable.I liked their selection of rum, I liked their friendly staff and pleasantly sarcastic bar staff. They had a couple decent beers on draft (hobgoblin) but that made me sleepy so I switched to staropramen which is a fairly bland beer hard to do badly. It was ok.The food looked decent and I shall have to return to try it again.I can't remember what the music was like and I left the bill for GEoff to pick up. I felt a bit bad about this. I will comment on how expensive the beer was but I imagine that once geoff tells me I can update this review.I genuinely think this is the worst review I've ever written. I am also in the picture for the business. I don't like the name of the bar. I'd have called it "Captain Pete's Imaginatorium"  or "Dread Pirate Roberts Cave of Iniquity" if they wanted to keep the "hawaiian theme"
4	Off the beaten track somewhat removed from the normal drinking spots (and shown in the wrong location on google maps!) this little bar is a great find. Without a doubt this is a rum bar and as I like rum this suits me, however there is a range of drinks available for those that would prefer a pint too. This range includes Addlestones cider so I have no complaints!The "pitchers" of cocktail are served in a rather unusual chill box, essentially everyone grabs a straw rather than pouring into individual glasses, good for the novelty value if nothing else.What else can I say, this place oozes fun and has rum, so without doubt I am a fan!
4	Been wanting to get here for a while and it didnt disappoint. Cool decor, great atmosphere, live music and excellent cocktails equals a very fun evening.Not been to tiki bar since I was in the US a few years back and they have certainly captured the essence of the idea.   I will certainly be heading back.
5	Went here for a few cocktails last Saturday night and the sofas are comfy, the cocktails damn tasty and the nachos were lovely. The jug of water for the table had an orange wedge and hibiscus flowers in it, yet this seemed more like a touch of attention to detail rather than pretension. When a place is that classy and yet seems totally laid back, it's a place to go back to!
5	For New Years Eve, we took ourselves to a nice late lunch and ended up cocktail hopping our way home.  Not too shabby.  52 Canoes was our final destination and the highlight of our evening.We arrived at around 5, and the place was pleasantly busy - tables were filled and the vibe was good, but it was still easy to get a seat at the bar and the staff were hyped for the evening so were attentive and friendly.  My favourite chocolate chili cocktail was no longer on the menu but one of the bar staff remembered it and kindly made it up for me.  It was absolutely as good as I remembered, and The Man agreed.  His first drink was coffee-based and delicious as well.  Having only planned to stay for one, we were seduced by the friendly surroundings, great music and fantastic cocktails and talked ourselves into another round.  Round two consisted of a Pina Colada and something involving ginger beer and passion fruit - the passion fruit was at my request and they were happy to give it a try.  Overall it was such a laid back and tasty experience.  This is not a pretentious joint that's going to go out of style, it's a friendly place that mixes up excellent drinks.  We agreed that we would happily come here first next time.
5	My other half's local, this place has great character, the most enthusiastic and helpful staff I've encountered in Edinburgh and an excellent bar. Cheap to boot for unfussy drinks like rums and coke, and the cocktails, while reasonably pricey, are pretty tasty. Big fan.
3	Get off my lawn, you whippersnappers! 52 Canoes had us all feeling a little bit like cranky old men with its loud music (I think some kind of reggae karaoke was going on). The morning after, my throat is a bit sore from shouting our conversation. The drinks were exactly what you'd expect to find in a tiki den - fruity and rummy and served in large novelty drinking vessels. Pleasantly, not all of them were sickly sweet. The waitress was friendly and attentive, and did well at keeping the pitcher of water on our table full.
3	Quirky and yep, totally like a Tiki Den, I quite liked it. I stayed for one cocktail as I had a busy week and a hangover wouldn't have worked well in that mix but I did have a good margarita here so points for that.Staff were great - especially with our gang of 'I like sour and...what do you recommend?' so drinks were tweaked to suit tastes and Cressi's strawberry non alcoholic cocktail was gorgeous!Minus points - the loud reggae music. Yep, meant to add to the ambiance but it was just freaking loud and you couldn't hear people speak. Plus it was too loud at the early part of the night so hell knows what it would be like towards closing time.  Though there has to be a smile raised at the reggae versions of popular songs - reggae Karma Police anyone?
5	Chic, quirky, cool, retro, cosy, comfortable, relaxing, welcoming, cheap, different, is how I would describe this wonderful place! The best place I've been to in a long time, highly recommend !!!!
5	I wasn't overexcited when my friend announced she wanted to go to a 'Tiki bar she'd heard of' for her birthday as I generally expect these types of places to be all gimmick but, as often happens when you're not sure you can be bothered, I ended up having a cracking night.Since it was a celebration we decided to splash out on some cocktails to begin and the bar really goes all out. I had a Zombie, I have to say I didn't love it but I think that was more because I'd chosen stupidly (I like a fruity cocktail but this was 90% booze) and not because it was badly made. I enjoyed it more as I went on and I loved the presentation. It came in a skull shaped cup, set ablaze! Two of my friends had variations on mojitos and they were delicious. Post-cocktails the choice at the bar was good, even for a beer snob such as myself.Once the booze was flowing it was time to pick some food, and for a picky eater I was happy for once to have too many tasty sounding things to choose from. The food skews mostly towards Tex Mex with some Polynesian and other influences thrown in too. I ended up going with the jalapeno poppers to start and the 52 Canoes Burger for main. I have a terrible habit of ordering jalapenos and then realising they're just to spicy for me, thankfully this was not the case here. The perfect amount of bite from the pepper, soothed by the cream cheese and dip. I could have eaten two plates worth easily! The burger was also great, accompanied by some fab chunky chips. My friend's food also looked delicious, especially the burrito and the chicken parmesan (I may have the wrong name for that one!) I also stole a bite of the spicy chorizo and risotto balls, I often find risotto balls a bit dry but these were perfect.The whole visit was enhanced further by the excellent staff. They were friendly without being in your face and always turned up at exactly the moment we wanted to order more drinks.Overall it was a fantastic night and I can't wait to go back again!
4	Love the decor, they have a great cocktail menu (and will also do mocktails if asked) and they have a good selection of snacks/food - chilli nachos are particularly tasty.  HATE the music - well, most of the time.  When I go to a tiki bar I expect something a bit different, and true to the tiki/retro vibe.  NOT rap or chart crap you hear everywhere else.  And for crying out loud, turn it down will you??!
