4	Nice place. Everything looks clean and fresh. A little hard to fine but it is sandwiched between Jimmy John's and five guys burgers. A little bit of a wait but worth it for healthy options. The fresh juices and bowls are priced reasonably.Be sure to ask for 'light ice' they got a little heavy handed with it on the drinks I ordered.
5	Walked into this plsce felt very cozy. The staff was very knowledgeable of products and what's good to eat. They offer a Cleanse where all u do is drink the six bottles throughout the day, and u don't eat. U can have raw almonds. The one thing I noticed about the ingredients was they are fresh fruits and veggies. (Kale, ginger, spinach, coconut) etc. ......  for the six bottles of the Cleanse it's 48 dollars.
5	Their place is always clean! You get the swift scent of healthiness as soon as you walk in. Their acai bowls are great. I'm not so big on the juices (I cant be THAT healthy), but their smoothies are my jam. Always a great substitute to a lunch when you don't have time/are dieting.
5	Stopped in while I was running errands on this side of the valley...Nice staff, great juice. Too bad I don't live closer!
4	I'm definitely a fan of Nektar. I generally get the toxin flush with ice. While it is very good and serves its purpose very well, it is pricey. That's my only knock on the place. For a medium juice, expect to pay close to 8 bucks. I think a large is 10. I'd like to try a cleanse but they are also a bit pricey, 60 bucks a day. The staff is awesome and always friendly.
1	Love love the product. But the horrible experience with the staff one afternoon ruined it for me. My friend and I had stopped in for drinks the wait was long which is understandable, but the immaturity of the staff went beyond normal high school kids working a part time job. After waiting for our drinks while watching the boy, who was supposed to be making one of them goof off ..walking around..in the back room.. Around the register..we finally got one drink, we ask for the 2nd and were told we didn't have another I had to show my receipt, then told they were out of an ingredient for the drink. Even though they were making the very same drink for another customer. I got my money back from a now apologetic employee. The boy behind the counter then started to argue and act belligerent towards my friend and dropped the F bomb. She called the DM, who a couple weeks later sent her a gift card. I'm not one to write reviews if something bad happens I move on but the one and only time my friend returned there the boy that swore at her was still working there . I will say that I have saved money over the last few months since that happened by buying my own juicer.
5	Went in and got an amazing juice and had great customer service. The Asian girl was extremely helpful and answered questions I had about the cleanse. If you're looking for a juice cleanse this place is the least expensive and they have grab and go bags fresh pressed daily that contain the 6 juices you need. If you need a cleanse on a whim and don't want to wait or pre order just stop in and get their blue bag to go. The acai bowls looked amazing and their smoothies did too. I'll be back soon!! Only sucky thing is they don't have a land line phone. The company routes all calls through Corporate. Weird and not convenient
2	I just left nektar, there were 6 people working, 3 customers in the store. It took 23 minutes to get 2 juices. The service there is really hit or miss, the last few times it has been a major miss. There is very little customer service. The product is still very good but the service is going to make me start going elsewhere. Juice bars are starting to get very competitive, nektar might start to struggle if their service doesn't improve.
3	Great product, very poor customer service.
4	Having been to Brazil I got spoiled by the real deal. Awhile back I tried Grabba Greens acai bowl and it was totally gross but I looove the acai bowls at Nektar! These guys are legit and the bowls are massive too! They always tend to take forever when I visit but I can understand that seeing how they're using raw ingredients. I think it's worth the wait.
3	Love this place ...Great... But be ready to wait around for the staff to finish their gossip session to get to your order. 15 min wait for juice is a little ridiculous, and no it wasn't during a rush....  Only few customer and I was the first of them in line with only 2 people in front of me waiting for beverages. Make sure you have plenty of time if you come here. Good thing it's my day off!
5	When you walk in the place, just the smell makes you fell healthy. I have had the acai bowls and several juices, all were great. The atmosphere is laid back and well decorated.
1	Get ready to wait forever for a drink here. So ridiculous. The staff doesn't prioritize or make drinks in the order that they were ordered. I came in before work and waited almost 30 minutes for my drink. I was so close to walking out!!
5	Visiting from Omaha, Nebraska and wanted to start the day with something healthy. Had "the greenie" juice and it was delicious!!! Loved the atmosphere and the customer service was awesome. Thank you, I will be back later :)
