5	In October 2012, we had our wedding at Providence Country Club (PCC).  It is not often that we give venues 5-stars, but wow, did PCC ever go above and beyond to make our special day special for all of our guests, too!The entire experience was definitely aided by the amazing Events Team of Dorianne and Amanda.  They are constant professionals who are always willing to have a conversation with you about your dreams, and needs.The main building overlooks the golf course -- it is a beautiful setting for the ceremony.  The ballroom is lovely, and not too ballroom-y.  There are gorgeous windows, a soft (and easy to work with) color scheme, and space enough for 200+.  The reception was made all the more amazing by the wonderful food.  Our guests were wowed by the delicious food and all the creations we presented to them -- and all the credit goes to the PCC kitchen!  They even made #glutenfree pasta for us!If you are looking to host a wedding in Charlotte, we would definitely recommend PCC -- it is an amazing venue and you will NOT be disappointed!
4	Great golf lay out, great food...but best of all...the members at PCC are awesome. We joined recently and they've made us feel like we've been here for ever. If you're looking for a great family club with great golf, tennis courts galore, an updated pool with a great outside/pool side bar and restaurant and a staff second to none...look no farther than Providence CC.
5	I very rarely give full 5 star reviews, but Providence earned it all the way. They have a beautiful facility and even though it's in a super nice neighborhood and you feel you may not be able to afford it, you are probably wrong. Their locker room for the ladies is beautiful and was a really nice place to get ready for my wedding. It had plenty of space, huge mirrors and even a side room with a seating area and a tv! They had complimentary drinks and fruit in the tv area of the locker room and it's these tiny things that really made my experience wonderful. Even though we booked the venue late because of a fall out with our original one, Dorianne helped make everything perfect. She is extremely nice and professional and very easy to work with. She made the day about me and did not bother me with details and I truly did not know how nice this was until I experienced the exact opposite at another location for our reception. Even when a misunderstanding arose, Dorianne took care of it promptly and professionally. I really cannot say enough good things about her or her treatment of me. I would highly recommend this venue to anyone looking for a personal touch and a wonderful facility for a great value.
