5	This coffee bistro is located near the pool entrance and across from Blitz. The food here tasted delicious, I ordered the cinnamon and sticky bun, both are very very good and fresh. It's nice relax with friends for breakfast or before heading to the pool and the restaurant is very clean.
4	A totally legit snack stop whilst wandering the Mirage. Unfortunately I was not in the mood for a coffee but some lunch and a bit of chocolate (Tcho from SF).Their sandwiches were above the expected coffee shop quality. The service was also quick! I would stop here again :)
2	A half hour before a show, I wanted to get a quick bite. The closest place to get something was from The Roasted Bean. I ordered the pretzel bread ham sandwich with Swiss cheese and a drink. While the sandwich was $9.00, it wasn't made fresh in front of me. To get it ordered warm, they tossed it into the microwave. The preferred heating option would have been the toasting machine literally right next to it.I received my sandwich after it was nuked. It looked as if it lost half the size. The taste of the sandwich was good initially. Then I noticed part of my hand was in mushy bread. This was due to the tomato literally melting in it, when the sandwich was nuked.Then came a drink refill request. After paying nearly $4, $3.50 before tax, I would have thought refills would be included. As I found out, they are not.This coffee shop charges premium prices for ready made sandwich and nearly four times the amount for a Coke, then its fast food competitors. They should make sandwiches to order and allow refills. That would make future customers want to return.
4	Decent coffee spot in the Mirage. Large selection of food, pastries, and coffee. Nice comfortable sitting area as well.
4	This was the only place I could grab a hot beverage during my conference last week and I braved the loooooong line. The chai latte was good! The spices were, well...spicy and my extra hot tea was always piping just the way I liked it! It was worth the wait.
3	The Mirage suprisingly doesn't have many real sit-down breakfast options other than the buffet, pool-side or coffee shops. I was looking for a small cafe style place where I could just get something more than a danish to eat. The Roasted Bean is pricey, but it was more than adequate. They have everything from danishes to egg wraps to oatmeal, etc. As I mentioned in my tip, I later realized that bottled drinks such as water, energy drinks, etc. are cheaper a few stores down the hall at the Paradise shop which is located next to the guest elevators. Also, if you are not a picky eater and just want coffee, iced coffee, oatmeal, etc. There is a McDonalds right across the street from the Mirage. For a more commercialized experience, Mirage also has a Starbucks. I'm not a coffee-nut, but the iced mocha that I had, tasted just like the ones I've had at McDonalds and Starbucks. The Roasted Bean is more convenient, but again, it's just a bit pricey for me.
1	The line for bakery is served very very very slowly.  Don't waste your time on mediocre service.  Ask yourself why they have a "drinks only" line.  It means they don't plan on fixing the slow service at the drinks and bakery line.
5	Whenever I stay at the Mirage, I make it a point to get my iced mocha and a bagel from this fine establishment.  The service is very organized, 2 cashier lines and a separate pickup so as to not confuse the patrons or crowd the area.  I like to get the bagel toasted and cream cheese on the side.  The tables are plentiful and close to the restrooms where the showroom is located.  Across the way is "Kardashian Khaos," but more importantly, the pool entrance is also close by.  If you have a Total Rewards card, inquire if you can use your points towards your purchase.  So if you need a coffee break from all that gambling or to cure a hangover, then make your way over to the back of the Mirage hotel, pass the casino, and find salvation in "The Roasted Bean."
4	If you're sick of Starbucks since they seem to be located about every 20 feet in Vegas,  then visit The Roasted Bean at The Mirage. It is fantastic! Service is questionable (I've had good and abrupt). Great cafe au lait. Every pastry we tried was delicious.
5	Although this place is slightly expensive, this place has great service.I ordered some drinks and they ran out of tea thus they comped the drink to me (after they brewed another batch in about ...3 minutes) for no apparent reason really.So, kudos to The Roasted Bean.
4	Good service and good drinks. Only thing is the wait time but they were busy. I will definetly be back.
3	If you need caffeine in the Mirage, this is the place to get it. The coffee is your usual okay blend but be warned it is HOT. I don't mean warm, I mean you might have to let it sit for 5-10 minutes before you can drink it hot. Also, the blueberry and raspberry muffins are a little pricey but not bad. This place isn't amazing but does the job.
3	lots of open seating, a good view of the Kardashian Khaos store if you're into thatThere is a good variety of snacks, pastries, fruit and beverages to choose from just expect to pay double the price for them.
4	This is a pretty decent breakfast option at the Mirage...a tad cheaper than Starbucks and shorter line.A large coffee is around $4 ... My particular visit consisted of a large coffee and banana walnut muffin for under $10.  Other breakfast options including croissants, a variety of muffins, danishes, fruit, yogurt parfaits, oatmeal, and other items.
4	A lot of good options for breakfast or lunch, but pretty pricey. Went here around lunchtime on a weekday and there was a long line, mainly because there were two conventions going on at the same time. I got a sandwich - something with rosemary and beef - delicious and filling! Also got a mocha latte, total came out to $17.xx.
5	Visited again July 2014. Service was excellent this time around, then again we visited in the afternoon. Drinks were spot on!
4	Great little place for a quick breakfast. The food is fast even when there is a long line. Good selection of baked goods. Good location a little out of the way from all the loud craziness of the casino. Prices are reasonable for a little bakery of this sort and especially reasonable for Vegas. My favorite here is the almond bear claw. It is fresh, goey, and really good.
4	Just might be better than Starbucks...I say this because of the food selection. We went there for "brunch" more or less and left satisfied. Yes it's pricey, but the Cafe Mocha is exceptional. Chocolate muffins are good, but these same muffins are also available at the Cravings buffet. The chicken salad sandwich with avocado on honey wheat was the best I've ever had (besides my own, of course).
