5	I seriously lucked out today.  I'm in Las Vegas for a trade show and I desperately needed something picked up across town and delivered to my hotel this morning.  After calling a number of courier services and speaking with some shady characters, I found Road Runner on Google and wound up speaking with Dorothy.  She was very friendly, and she did everything she promised ahead of schedule and for a very reasonable rate.  First class all the way.  I'd give 10 stars if I could.
5	I found Dorothy Canada's Road Runner Service just from Googling "errand services, Las Vegas" after my 88-year-old father had hip surgery and was about to return home from hospital. We have no other relatives living in the Las Vegas area, and because my father's house is in an old district, which is now mostly ethnic, we know very few neighbors other than a few who are even older than my father. I needed to be home round-the-clock for at least the first six weeks of my father's recovery, so I hired Dorothy to run errands for me, mostly grocery shopping at Whole Foods, which has no close location to my father's home. I do not know how I would have survived that first month without Dorothy's help, and I have decided to continue with the errand service, mainly because I do not like to drive very far, and the errand service offers perfect convenience at very reasonable cost (less than gas, in my case). The only thing I ever worried about was having someone choose vegetables, fruits, and meats for me, but as of the first visit, my worries were over because Dorothy knows produce and has never brought anything but the best and freshest, even when a few times, around the holidays, some things on my grocery list were hard to get - she somehow found them anyway or else telephoned me from the store to ask if a substitute would be acceptable, which actually ended up introducing me to some new brands of foods. Dorothy also shopped for some personal items for my father, and everything that she chose fit perfectly. I look forward to using some of her other services in the future, but most of all, it was a great comfort to know that rain or shine, Dorothy would be at the house at the appointed time with food and whatever else we needed in those critical first weeks of my father's recovery.
