4	Maybe Best Buy is getting their act together after all.We came here just before New Year's to look at ovens and stoves after ours simply died.  We checked prices at Home Depot, Lowe's, Sears Appliance and this Best Buy, along with Consumer Reports. A few years ago, Best Buy bought Pacific Appliance and started pushing all their appliance business into it. The sales forces are separate, as it seems are their order systems  That said, our experience is all good and very positive. After buying our new oven, it was delivered and installed within three business days.  Very nice!Today we came back to upgrade one of our iPhones, after the www.BestBuy.com goofed the order and the store (see photo) had to fix it.  Great customer service, and the honored a online coupon as well.  Wow!Clearly, Best Buy is still evolving as a company, but based on our most recent experiences we came away very impressed.
2	I have used this location to pick up on line orders. Those transactions have gone flawlessly. However the past 3 visits have dragged on due to long lines at customer service. It's difficult to be patient when there are three people (2 blue shirts and a yellow shirt) standing by the front door chatting amongst themselves and greeting customers as they walk in.  While I was still waiting for customer service to help me another associate (#4) began chatting with an old friend. I simply wanted to return a product and pay off my credit card balance, who knew I would need the patience of a saint to complete this simple transaction. I enjoy using Amazon much more than Best Buy. Hopefully the Best Buys service will improve.
5	Went in to get help with buying a new surround system for my whole house, went to the back and got help right away! Very informative, helpful and all around awesome! One of the best locations I have been to and will return in the future!
2	Quick run down. I called store to confirm they had the part I needed and quantity I needed. I arrived at store and was told to stand in line at customer service. 10 minutes later I was directed to go wait at the PC section. They brought me a connector that wouldn't work. 20 minutes later no one could find the adapter I was assured was available. No one offered to call other locations. They did offer me an apology.
4	Wanting a case for my new samsung s4, i saw that BB had it for $39. I checked the BB websiteand ordered it for $23. Picked it up the next day at the store. Why can't they offer it for that price at the store? Glad I checked the web. Great price and no delivery charge.
4	So, I decided to go to best buy on Black Friday. Surprisingly it was not all that busy that night.  Also it was nice that the staff at Best Buy was helpful.  Typically no one at best buy will ask if you need any help finding something on a normally day. So, I found what I was looking forward, a couple of Blu rays movies and some video games for a great price.  Even checking out was quick and easy.    Thank you Best Buy for making my shopping experience great on Black Friday.
1	Two people working returns on the day after Christmas crazy had to wait 20 minutes for an exchange with only two people in front if me!! Will not return unless forced to return a gift!
4	Saving this best buy was this amazing and super friendly kid who had helped me find the final season of breaking bad.The arrangement of movies was so random and instead of alphabetical category the best buy guys decided to just put it in categories of favorite shows and no alphabetical order within each category.As pointless and unimportant this might sound to an individual, when you're dealing with 300 different movie titles.. It gets kind of confusing..Luckily my best buy person never gave up trying to help and we searched for a good 10 minutes for the breaking bad final season.On top of that I also grabbed the mindy project which is a great second Season so far and the first isn't too bad.
1	Wow, I'm baffled at how NOT helpful their staff is. I just purchased an HDTV, and figured it would be safer (albeit a little more expensive) to deal with direct handling at a brick & mortar store instead of possible online shipping damages. There are plenty of staff members walking around checking their phones, but don't ask them for help with carrying your items because they'll find an excuse to run away. After lugging the 50+ pound TV by myself onto the cart, I rolled it into the parking lot, only to find that it wouldn't fit into my compact car. I went back in to see if any of the staff members had any ideas on how to carry this TV home, and all they suggested was "go get a bigger car." Wow, thanks Sherlock. Let me just go fly my G6 onto your loading dock. I proceed to ask about their "free delivery" option that I saw online (proof: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/55-class-54-5-8-diag--led-1080p-120hz-smart-hdtv/8816483.p?id=1218901344739&skuId=8816483&st=samsung%2055%22%20hdtv&cp=1&lp=1#tab=overview), Darien said "no, we charge for delivery." Mind you, I have an HDTV unsupervised in a parking lot so I'm not looking to linger.I don't have time to argue with your ignorance and I'm beyond frustrated at this point. As a last resort, I ask if they have any supplies that I can use to rig the tv onto the top of my car? "no, we don't want to be held liable."I ended up taking the TV out of the box (say goodbye to returns) but fortunately it worked out. F YOU best buy, but THANK YOU to all the kind Scottsdale strangers who helped me carry the TV into my car and making helpful suggestions. Never going back to BB for the rest of my life.
4	Originally, we came here to just pick up a Chromecast, and it turned out the damage was much more severe.  She wanted to "look" at DSLR cameras.  It was a bridge that we would have to cross at some point.Anyway, the only problem with this location is that we were standing around for a couple of minutes waiting for someone to help us.  That was the only problem with the entire experience, but I guess that is the side-effect of not having a sales man breathing down your neck.  But, I still deducted a point because it still felt like an excessively long wait to flag down a salesperson to get the camera.Overall, the transaction was smooth, and we were happy to walk out with both the camera bundle and the Chromecast.  Best Buy is great if you do not want to wait the extra days waiting for the Amazon Prime delivery...
1	~ 4 months later: Still have yet to step inside a Best Buy. I did file a complaint with their corporate office, but obviously not a single soul gives a damn and I have yet to be contacted about their awful employees. I can only hope they go the same way as Circuit City
2	Will not be going back to this store!!! If all best buys were like this one I would not shop there. The guy who helped us out, Arturo was awesome!! He was a lot of help. However the manger and supervisor (Stephen)  were anything but. We went in to trade in my iPad and buy a new one with a price match from target. They made us jump thru hoops to get the price match. We checked to make sure target had it in stock before we went in. Arturo was told by his manger they called one store that was across the street without us by them to see what store they called. We then had to pull up it online then give them the number to call. We waited around forever. Then the computer broke at check out and again it took the same supervisor to come over to help us. Arturo talked to us and tried to get Stephen to come over. Took forever!!! He is obviously  not worried about customer service. I understand they need to make sure it's in stock but come talk to us. Don't come over with an attitude because you don't want to price match.
1	Alright so I have no problem with the mobile department, they're fabulous, but the geek squad are a bunch of lying assholes. I had bought my iphone 10 days prior to dropping it in a sink full of soapy water at work, thus frying it, and needing it replaced. The guys at the mobile desk had be awesome and had be sign up for the pay up front total coverage insurance and told me that in the event that I lose or break my phone I could bring it in and geek squad would set me up with a brand new phone no questions asked no extra charge. So after I finish work I go in and sign their little waiting list deal and wait 20ish minutes to meet with a geek. When they finally call my name the asshat tells me that they don't do that and that all they could do was mail my phone to verizon and maybe get me a new one in a week. MAYBE!!! I don't have a home phone HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO WORK?  or even just get around? I just moved to a new state and barely know how to get from home to work let alone do get anywhere else. He said that they have not and will never just hand me a new phone in the store if i bring in a damaged one. Now I had had a really long hard day and this was the last thing I wanted to hear. The I argued and said that I had previously ruined my old phone and had had it replaced at another best buy with no problem. Literally they took my phone activated my new one and I left and that the guys over at mobile had promised me thats how things still work. I was yelling at this point, I had turned into that customer that everyone hates to be around, at least the lady next to me ,who had a similar problem, took my side at tried to help me. So after some yelling on my part  this geek gos and gets his manager who basically looks at me like Im the biggest, dumbest girl hes ever had to deal with and tells me he wouldnt do anything more for me and that if I did their job for them I would get my new phone faster and that I would just have to live with out a phone for a week or more. Basically they told me to do all their work for them. I.E making the claim, sending in my phone and filling out the paper work.So I left with my broken phone and horrible mood. I went to verizon and got my old phone reactivated in no time and was set to mail in my fried phone, but when I tried to do it they wouldn't let me. Told me I wasn't in their system. So I drove to a different Best Buy the fallowing day, the one on Happy Valley rd, and asked them what i was doing wrong because I just wanted my new phone and they told me that I DIDN'T NEED TO SEND IT IN THAT THEY WOULD JUST REPLACE IT FOR ME IN STORE!LITERALLY these assholes over at Hayden just didn't want to do the work. These guys at Happy Valley had me in and out in 30 min with a new phone and a better water proof case for no extra charge. The guys at Happy Valley kick ass and thats where I will be going for all my phone needs and those lazy assholes at Hayden can kiss my ass. They literally didn't want to do their job and were going to have me go with out my phone for a week because they didn't want to do some paper work and set up a new phone. I wish i could give a negative rating because they deserve it. And now that I think back they literally went through 8 people in 20 mins, I didn't think it too strange but now I see they;re just not doing the work, they're just telling people its out of their hands and to go somewhere else or to buy a brand new product. So if you have a broken or damaged product avoid this store at all costs because they'll just lie so they dont have to work.
3	1. I hate shopping, so let me lay that foundation upfront. However, after the 2 years I've spent on a I-will-not-be-a-couch-potato; I-will-go-out-and-enjoy-all-that-nature-has-to-offer mission, yet I've watched more online Netflix and TV shows via websites than I EVER did when I had a TV, it was time for a bigger-than-my-laptop screen. Enter Best Buy.This is my neighborhood BB, so I've been here many times, but I'd never made any major purchases (at this particular BB) so I never really needed any help from the associates.  I browsed their TV selections, asked a few questions to the associate who came by, then decided to shop around some more.  I returned less than 2 hours later, tunnel-visioned on what I wanted. I sent DD to fetch a basket, for I was determined to go home with a desirable TV.  When she came back she mentioned that she had asked one of the guys where the baskets were and he just looked at her then returned to talking to his friend; he never acknowledged her or her question. Oooh, I was livid! She refused to tell me which worker it was or point him out to me, but she said that he was young. Back to my TV search... It was now between 9pm-9:30pm, and not an associate was in sight in the electronics department, save for one who was talking on the phone. I tracked down a young man. He came over, looked at the display about which I was inquiring, and immediately said that they were out. (He didn't even pretend to want to go double check on it for me.) I inquired about them selling the display model to me. No can do, said he. He threw in that his manager told him earlier that they can't do this.  He then walked away without any attempt to further assist me.  There were other TVs on whose availability I wanted to check.  I was a customer who came into this store wanting and ready to purchase, and I could have, and would have, easily walked out and taken my business elsewhere, but I really like their Geek Squad protection plans (it is definitely worth the money), and...I had an episode of Walking Dead that I already had my mind set on watching on a big screen.  So I stood in the back of the store, by the TVs...brooding.  Finally, I called (Yes, I called the store from inside the store) and told them to send a manager back to electronics, STAT. Click.  A while later, Shawn, the man who'd helped me earlier that evening, came over. "Are you still here or did you come back?"  Indeed, I came back and I want to leave with a TV, but teen worker-guy said I can't have what I want. Well, Shawn saved the day with a "yes, I do have one of those in the back."    He later emerged from the back with said TV. I was happier than a pig in slop!  Not solely because they had what I wanted (Frankly, being the day after Black Friday, I didn't expect to find anything.),  but being that  Shawn was gone for @ 5-10 minutes and he came back sweating, I knew that he REALLY worked to get that TV for me. He provided an extra service to this determined customer.  So even if he had come back and said, "you know what, I'm sorry, but someone else must have gotten it," THAT would have been ok, because he did his due diligence by at least trying.  Again, he was a man, whereas, the other associates with whom I had problems were teens or very young/ early 20s.  They need some MAJOR customer service training if they intend to stay in any aspect of that field. If it weren't for Shawn, I would've given this place 1 star.   He finished the deal by personally taking my new purchase to, and loading it into my vehicle, shook my hand and thanked me for my business.  Thank you for your great customer service and professionalism, Shawn!Oh, there was a teen worker who gave me some good Chromecast vs Roku advise.  I ended up getting Chromecast. I'm still playing with it, so I don't yet know if I should thank him. ;)
5	After waiting too long for assistance, general manager Brett found us and showed us exactly what we wanted for a new tablet.  Awesome service was worth waiting for.
1	Greeting everyone!Firstly, can someone explain how this store is still in business?Secondly BB should not be hiring their employees right off the street! (No offense to others)I went in to this BB branch to buy a Macbook Air which was on $200 discount. I also had a authentic movers coupon after moving here to AZ recently which would give me additional 10% off. When the transaction was half way through and the cashier called in Mr. Johny (Allegedly the Asst. store manager for this branch). He saw the final price was way below the MSRP rate and this made him Jealous. He rudely refused to apply the coupon. I understand that he was well with in his right to deny me service since he  owns the store...at least he thinks he does. But here is where he crosses the limit. He tried to steal my coupon and refuse to give it back to me for obvious reason that he wanted to use it later for himself or he does not want me to use at another store. I tried to explain him that he has no right whatsoever to touch my property or lets say property of USPS but this fact would simply get into his head. Finally, Mr Johny...Just wanted to let you know that i had to return the laptop back to BB(which i eventually bought anyways WITH THE COUPON) because i scored the same Laptop for nearly a $100 cheaper at another store. Now don't ruin your Christmas and new year over it. MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! :)
1	If i could give a negative rating I would. Now I will say that I had gone in to the store ate around 6:00 already having had a bad, but these people only made it worse. I had earlier that morning dropped my phone in the sink while doing dishes, of course right before i had to go to work. So I just went all day with out my phone knowing I worked less then a mile away from a best buy, the best buy I had actually bought the phone from less then a week before. So i finished my work day and drove over. I walked in and was quickly directed to the Geek Squad center, per my insurance, and waited my turn. When they got to me, which took only about 20min. I quickly explained the situation and that the insurance I had purchased alittle over a week about was suppose to allow me to turn in the damaged phone and walk out with a new one or at least a loner till they could get the phone I needed if the did have it on hand.They gave me a look which basically said you're not getting a new phone your whiney brat. They guy then told me that they didn't do that, they've never done that, and they will not every be doing that. I quickly turned into that customer we all hate to witness. I demanded that they play by the rules set out by the insurance I was playing for and stated that they had in fact replaced both mine and my younger sisters phones because of similar problems previously and there had been no problem. So the little simpering jerk went and grabbed his manager without giving me a response. The manager came out and basically said the same thing only saying it in the rudest tone I have ever heard a retail associate use. He also spent the whole time talking to me like I was a balling 5 year old who needed reprimanding, not an adult. Finally when i came to terms that they were not going to fix my phone i asked what they were going to do to get me a new. They said they weren't going to do anything that it was my job to mail in my phone to the verizon company and hopefully they would have a replacement to me in a week or so. They were dead serious when they said they wanted me to go a week with out a phone. I live alone, with no land line and need my phone for my job that could not happen. When I told them they had to do more for me, they flat out refused and wouldn't even get the address I was suppose to send the broken phone to. The only thing they did was tell me to go to the Geek Squad sight to find the address. At that point I was beyond frustrated and unfortunately cry, so much so that the lady behind me in line tried to jump in and help me. She also had a similar problem and received the same answer. So I left more angry the i thought possible to go home and try and figure out where to send my now useless phone and of course the website says I don't exist. I refused to go back a second time to that waste of space store, so i drove 45min out of my way after work to the BB in Happy Valley. I walked in and explained my situation and guess what? They took my phone and replaced it on the spot. They guys at the phone counter were beyond helpful and had me out the door in under 30min new phone and all. They told me they got a lot of pass offs from the Hayden store. That the people there just REFUSE to deal with problems like this because it reflects badly on their numbers so they either send them to another store or just tell customers there is nothing they will do. The guys at this best buy are the absolute worse and i would drive all the way to Cali, to avoid having to go to them again.  They lie to get out of working.
