5	Wow!  Truth be told, I am not crazy about my health insurance (Golden Rule) but since I rarely use it - I stick with it - every now again, when I have to use it to find a doctor, like today - I needed to have my feet looked at after years of running etc - my dogs were barking!  I went to Dr. Anna Natcher (who was someone I picked at random out of my insurance book) well today I found myself at the office of an amazing foot doctor.  She looked more like a fitness model than a doctor and her office manager/receptionist was sooo nice and professional over the phone and in person.  I was blown away and super impressed with this office.  They were professional, friendly and on time!  The Doc saw me right away and gave me some great advice on my foot issue.  I highly recommend this office to anyone!
4	I like Dr. Natcher's common sense and "people first" approach to wellness.  She is a very caring person who understands the difference between a healthy foot and me being able to resume my lifestyle (hiking and outdoors).My only regret is that when my foot heals, I'll have no reason to go back and visit (unless I injure it again).  I wish Dr. N was my PCP or another doctor that I frequent.  I think she would be great there too.  Every one deserves a good doc like Dr. N.
5	Dr. Anna Natcher is not only a FANTASTIC podiatrist, she is also a great person.  I went to see her after having 3 "consultations" with a recommended "specialist".  I found out that I had been incorrecly diagnosed.  She gave me a proper program to follow as well as a timeline for recovery and answered all my questions.The wait time is under 5 minutes and I have always been seen at or before my appointment time.  I had 3 follow up appointments that were spaced out every 2 weeks, however, I was told to come in before that if I felt I needed too.  She actually cares about how I am feeling and healing as opposed to making sure she sees me every week to get paid.At the other place I would get there 5 minutes prior to my appointment and have to wait 20 or 30 minutes in the waiting room then waiting another 10 or 15 minutes in the exam room only to see the Dr. for 30 - 45 seconds.  Then I repeated the process 2 more times.  Fool me once shame on you fool me two more times . . . well I just don't want to pay the copay every week for the rest of my life.Dr. Natcher and her staff are very personable and very interested in making sure I heal quickly.  I would recommend them to anyone who is having foot issues and has not seen anyone or is just fed up with the lack of personal treatment they are receiving from their current Dr.
5	I was visiting Tempe for Ironman Arizona and came down with pretty acute foot injury three days prior to the race.  The friendly receptionist at Dr. Natcher's office understood the predicament I was in and managed to fit me into Dr. Natcher's schedule within a couple hours of my call.  Dr. Natcher's is clearly both a great doctor and a great person; she is extremely competent, friendly, and sympathetic.  As an  runner and cyclist, she is also in tune with sports injuries and the mentality of an athlete. She quickly diagnosed the injury and prescribed an aggressive treatment protocol.  I was in good shape on race day (due to her treatment protocol) and am so very thankful to Dr. Natcher for putting me in the position to complete the race in fine fashion.  I was paying out-of-pocket, and  was very pleasantly surprised by the cost of the office visit.  I can't speak highly enough of my experience with Dr. Natcher.
5	Dr, Natcher is a wonderful Dr.  She has helped immensely with my Plantar issues.  She takes the time to talk with patients about the issues at hand. She gives all the options available and guides you through decisions and treatment option.Her staff is so welcoming and I'm always seen on time.  LOVE that!
5	I found Dr. Natcher on Yelp.  Her location is convenient to my work and I was pleased with the office personnel and the doctor.  I have been having right foot pain since May and have never had treatment.  Today I got treatment:  xray, foot wrap, and othotic, and good advice.  I am very pleased and will recommend Dr. Natcher.
5	Great experience! Dr. Natcher is wonderful! Very personable and knowledgeable. I went in for a last-minute appointment with an ankle injury and was treated very warmly by everyone at the office. Highly recommended.
