3	This place is hands down the best purveyor of Italian food at Stonecrest!  Although a tad over-priced, they are pretty good in their own right as well.
2	I think that the Italian food is authentic, but the food was extremely heavy. I ordered a Chicken Hero and salami stromboli. The stromboli was probably over a foot long and it was gigantic. I got full after eating a quarter of it. The chicken hero was decent, but I've had a better chicken sub/sandwich. This is not a good place for health conscious eaters.
5	I really don't care TOO much for Italian food, for the simple fact I like SPICE, and most places here are bland, BUT Anzi Pizza & Pasta has kudos from me!I love their Stromboli!! Sometimes they put too much cheese (be careful not to choke on it!). I haven't really tried anything else. I ate something else the first time I went but forgot what it was, lol. - They are a bit pricey!
4	Finally found a pizza place in Charlotte that I will return to over and over again. Pizza was great (can't speak for the other types of Italian food there). Fresh ingredients on a nice soft crust, great sauce and no grease pools.
3	Yup, its a-ok (3 stars)for the overall experience. The food is still very good and I'm still a fan (4 stars), but the customer service is lacking. Ordered by phone to pick up before the football games. Arrived to find out the order had never been processed. OK, i get it. Sometimes things happen, but don't try and keep it a secret. Own up to it. Waited for 15 minutes for a great pizza, but never a "sorry" or "thanks for waiting". They did give me a free Coke while I waited (secret apology). So in conclusion: If you're going to order during "busy" times (Olympic games, curling final), you might want to really verify your order over the phone or walk-in, order and then do some shopping next door.
3	Some 14 years ago, I moved to Charlotte, and worked in a location next door to the Anzi location on Independence.  In fact, we could sneak in the back door, carefully avoiding mop buckets and not looking too closely at the inner workings of the kitchen or looking in the restroom to get to the actual dining room.  When you actually got to the counter, you were met with a veritable cornucopia of Italian delight.  How about that - another mix of culture - this time Greek and Italian.Anyway, some time back it seems that the original owners of that location moved on.  The Independence location was taken over others (and subsequently went way downhill, offering essentially pizza, which wasn't quite so good) and moved to open this location in Stonecrest.  They also seem to have another location in Locust, which I believe is related - but I haven't been there to try it.Imagine my delight when we stopped into Anzi, purely for nostalgia, only to find that the pizza and garlic knots are almost exactly the same recipe as they were all those years ago?  To make things even better, those recipes are really good.  The knots are among the best in town - not just  ball of hard dough, but light and crispy, with tons of garlic.  The pizza is just the same as I remember it too.The only downside is that the price is a bit on the high side.  For a couple of slices, some knots and drinks, you can easily come out near $20.  But it is tasty.
3	We tried out Anzi for the first time after reading about their "eat a 2 foot pizza in 30 mins" contest in a local mag. Apparently, their man vs. pizza challenge has had numerous patrons walking away with pizza filled bellies but no cigar. The wall of shame is something to be seen, despite it's grade school aesthetics. Aside from the lure of the challenge, we decided to order hero sandwiches. The sandwiches were freaking  humongous! Holy F! We should have just ordered half of one and that would have been enough to split between me, my husband, and our 15 month old son.  Food was decent we plan to go back for a piece of their pie and hopefully witness a man vs. pizza challenge.
4	Great place in Stonecrest Shopping Center to stop in for a quick  bite when you aren't in the mood to cook.  This casual eatery offers pizza by the slice or made to order pizzas, salads, and a good selection of pasta and Italian favorites such as Eggplant Parmesan.
3	Line out the door at Smashburger....well, we'll wait for the shine to wear off that one. 45 minute wait at City Tavern--but I'm hungry now!  And so we ended up at Anzi for a pre-movie pizza.I've only ever had pizza at Anzi, and it's pretty good, although not the best I've ever had. It's served piping hot and with generous toppings. Downsides are that it's a little greasy (I blot it with a napkin, which is something I rarely do) and the crust is a little bland after you eat down that far.  It's also on the pricey side.The location itself is too small for the amount of business they get. This seems to be true of many places at Stonecrest; perhaps the developers of the area underestimated the traffic they'd get.
4	My 4 y/o nephew wanted pizza and since I was bringing him to the movies in the same shopping center, I figured this was our best bet.  What a pleasant surprise this pizza was!  I hadn't read any reviews and didn't know what to expect, but it was really good.  I tried a slice of plain and the supreme, which I did take a bunch of toppings off because I really just wanted the mushrooms and onions.  But it was thin and crispy with a good chewy crust.  I'd definitely go back if I was nearby.
2	Pretty solid pizza for the area. Definitely better than any big box chain around. I love how generous they are with the ricotta. The white pizza is my fave so far. Clumps and clumps of ricotta make me quite happy. Another plus is that they will deliver. I live about 5 miles away and its never a problem.Avoid the wings tho, the last time I ordered them they were way less then appetizing. The slimiest wings i have ever had. We even resorted to putting them into the oven hoping to make them edible. Fail. Ended up just throwing them away. So pizza good- worth a try, wings- no way jose.
4	I order Pasta - This place probably Specializes in Pizza and the Pizza looked very good!  So I am skeptical about my order!  My dish comes to the table, looks and tastes very good!  Next time I'll check out a Pizza and they have a 24 inch!Great service!  Everyone working had an upbeat attitude!  Very Polite!  The staff appeared to be mostly teenagers, all seemed happy to be there and this was Friday night, two days before Christmas.The patrons were mostly Families with preteen children so next time I'll get here a little later and see if any of my friends are eating here!  Watching movies usually makes me want to get some food!
2	My family frequents Nino's Pizza and Pasta frequently. This restaurant was formerly Anzi's Pizza and Pasta, but it is the same owner. Don't let the name change fool you. Every time we order for delivery, they are so much later than they specify. So if you're hungry, order two hours earlier than you want the food. The part-owner, Phil was extremely rude when I called to complain about the lateness. They were 20 minutes late. So we were waiting 1 hour and 20 minutes for two salads. There are so many other italian restaurants around, we really don't need to wait that long for mediocre food.
4	EDIT: This is a review of what used to be Anzi's. I had no idea they changed names until YELP changed it on my review and don't know if it's even the same restaurant/menu!I had forgotten about this gem of a restaurant. The pizza is better than what you would get from a chain restaurant, but it's by no means awesome. I still haven't discovered "awesome" in NC.I actually prefer the Calzones and Strombolis here over the pizza. The cheese Calzone is almost downright dangerous to eat. There is so much fresh mozzarella and ricotta inside that it's very easy to choke on it. (These babys are HUGE!) Stromboli's are smaller but have great "toppings" within. Both are sided with a marinara that's average in flavor. They used to make a pretty good stuffed-shells entree but it's disappeared from the menu. I'm surprised they bothered discontinuing it seeing how expansive their menu is. The garlic knots actually used to be better in their older location on Independence, which has now since closed. They weren't as "done" as they are here. When they're overbaked they tend to repel the garlic and parmesan. I like 'em a little more gooey.Your pal,Walter
4	Since we were feeling lazy last night, we decided to order a Chicken Parm Pizza to be delivered.  The pizza arrived faster than expected and was nice and hot. The crust was just right, sauce was fresh and it had the perfect amount of cheese.  Only downside was the parnesan chicken -they were a little skimpy with that. Other than that, the quality was good.
3	Great crust, sauce is pretty sweet, cheese is not the greatest. Overall just an ok pizza.
2	R.I.P. Anzi's.We tried Nino's, hoping that they only changed the name, but kept the food. No dice.The menu is just about the same as Ye Olde Anzi's but with less items. Anzi's actually could give you a headache reading through the many varieties of pizza they served.Nino's seems to pride themselves on their pizza here. Supposedly, they sell the largest pies in Charlotte for around $22. Walking in, a customer before us picked up 8 of those pies to go so we figured it must be good. It was lunch so my son got a couple of slices with pepperoni and ground beef. The crust had no flavor and there wasn't much sauce. Cheese and pepperoni were fine but the ground beef was the consistency (texture-wise) of a dry field of peppercorns thrown on top. I was hoping they kept the same recipe for Anzi's calzones but  they changed it somewhat. Anzi's calzones were delicious but the cheese was too much of a choking hazard. Nino's put the right amount of cheese, which was delicious inside, but I was saddened to see that the outer shell/crust/whatever was changed to a flavorless husk. I had to go back for extra marinara to dip it in to make up for the loss of flavor. My dad had the stromboli and it was a greasy mess even though it was chock full o' pepperoni. I would go back to Nino's again hoping that this was just an "off day" with their pizza or to even try some of their pasta dishes, but I guess I will only have the fine memories of what the previous establishment once was.Your pal,Walter
