1	The tanning is great, and the girls are nice. But never, ever, ever give them your credit card for a membership. Cancelled my membership last August....yeah- 8/10. I'm still getting charges and it's June '11. I've tried multiple times to cancel it, talked to managers...they can't seem to understand that I want to cancel my membership. NEVER GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!!!
5	I have been getting Mystic Spray Tans here for over a year and am very pleased! Staff are always very friendly and welcoming and Celebrity Tanning is one of the only places in town with the Mystic HD booths. (Google it to find out the advantages) I don't do the membership but make sure to always buy the deals such as buy 5 get 1 free or any of the Groupon Deals they run.
5	I have been a member for a couple of years now. They are always clean & friendly. I never have had a long wait.
3	Seems every time I go in there's a wait for the conversation to end with previous customer (3-5 min). Wish there was a way I could scan a card or something and just go tan rather than wait for salon help to explain ins and outs to customers, then check in within 5 seconds.
1	They deserve ZERO stars.  Employees are rude and don't smile.  Their boss must be a real ogre.  But, they've treated me badly every time I've been there...was giving them another chance to be nice.  1st Complaint:  Even with an appt, you wait and wait until they do their walk-ins.  I had an appt a yr ago. I got there early. Had to wait an hour for my appt because three 'walk-in' ladies entered right before I did...well, they don't want to lose THEIR business-so the heck with my appt.  When I voiced my concern I was basically told numerous times to 'don't worry - be patient'.  Be patient my ass, I had other appts to meet.  Wait an HOUR????  I don't think so.  I voiced my frustration and was treated even MORE badly. So I stayed away a full year. Returned today hoping to see a different attitude and was treated badly again. No smiles to start.  And I walked in with a big smile on purpose to show them I was a nice person. I ONLY wanted a spa ped and a gel fill. I asked 2-3 simple questions in the 1.5 hrs I was there and was ignored 3 of 4 times.  Ped operator couldn't speak English but instead of seeing if someone else would answer my question she ignored me like I was not there. All this time there was NO smiling at me. I asked why you don't smile honey?  Reason: "It's too early."  It's too early???  OMG.  Then I found out they remembered me from the previous year.  A curt girl named Holly said she remembered how angry I was last year.  APPARENTLY, I had no right to be angry after waiting a full HOUR for an APPOINTMENT.  Half of the staff didn't speak good enough English to converse. General rudeness deserves a report to the BBB as well.  BUT, they aren't members.  Figures. They know they're coasting.  Probably were given bad reviews already.  I decided that each employee was told to give me a hard time based on the one year old experience.  Yes, that makes sense....behave like little children to grown ups when it was YOUR mistake.  I will tell ALL my friends to avoid this circus act of a salon and will NEVER NEVER return.  Btw, I did leave a tip for each girl BUT they did NOT deserve anything.  I AM a nice person.  They are not nice by any stretch of the imagination.  They came across as VERY VERY angry Vietnamese people.  Most Asian salons are staffed with great kids!  Not US Nails and Spa.  I hope YOU stay away too after reading this.
5	I had the opportunity to meet the man who I believe is the owner of this chain of tanning salons. He put a lot of time into getting me the package deal that suited my needs. Great staff at every location. I moved up to a higher-quality bronzing bed and definitely noticed a big difference... I'd recommend doing so if it fits in your budget.
5	Love this tanning salon!! The staff is very friendly and helpful and I am always in and out fast.
1	horrible service, horrible spray tan both times I went. customer service from Courtney and Amanda are horrible. Courtney was telling Amanda what to say when I just called, I heard someone giving Amanda information to tell me what I should do, so I asked to speak to the person in the background. I could hear Courtney laughing and they covered the phone.  Then Courtney got on the phone and said the reason she didn't get on the phone was because she was off the clock and she usually doesn't talk on the phone off the clock. They keep telling me to call the corporate office to resolve my issues, when I call the corporate office it goes directly into voice mail.  I have called twice now with no call back so I called the original store back to have them refund my money.  They can't refund money at the local stores only corporate can do that.  Do not ever go here ever for your spray tan. I have had beautiful spray tans from other locations and wanted to try out Celebrity Tanning because they are right around the corner from me.  To top if all off I have a movie premier tonight that I will be speaking at and I look like an ooompa loompa, with drip stains and horrible spots on hands and back.  Its like their bottles of spray are clumpy and spray too much solution out at different time.
