5	I have done both here...picked up pizza from this location and had it delivered...for several years.  The staff is superb and, for whatever reason, they do a better job with their pizza than other Domino's locations I've tried.  I order online most of the time, and the process is so easy!  I love the tracker, which helps me gauge when the pizza will be on its way.  They are super fast!  Once the tracker shows they've left for delivery, they are here in 7-10 minutes...and yet the pizza arrives piping hot and DONE.  No corners are cut.  I love love love the thin, crispy crust, and typically order it with pineapple and ham.  My husband also enjoys the thin crust, but I always include a hand-tossed pepperoni and sausage pizza for him.  Recently we tried one of the new pasta dishes, which was very good.  They've added a lot of new items to the menu to increase our choices...but I still love the pizza best! Even though this is considered "fast food" pizza, it is just so darn good!  Have tried the competitors, but they can't compare.  Keep making great pizzas on Ray Road, and thank you for the consistency!
1	The food in general has been great. But they mess up on our order almost every other time. The customer service was great until as of late where we had someone talk back to me and say it was our fault and that we ordered the pizza wrong. When in reality I ordered it correctly. It's a shame, we didn't even eat the pizza because the toppings were wrong and the customer service was so terrible.Looks like we'll be sticking with Pizza Hut.
5	New specialty chicken was really good. The thin crust pizza I ordered was amazing and the service was exceptional. Much more cheerful than last time.
1	Terrible customer service!! My son has friends spending the night and they want Domino's.  I call them and they put me on hold, and hold, and hold. After 15 minutes (on speaker phone while watching the game) I finally hang up and call back. -Strike oneSo, I let them know that they had forgotten about me and the response was, "oh, sorry bout that, I totally forgot." -Strike two1 hour and 5 minutes later my pizza arrives. -Strike 3I let the driver know that I was forgotten on hold and that it took over an hour for the delivery. His response, "oh yeah, we're real busy."No apology, no discount, nothing but overpriced average pizza that didn't fill the kids up.I'm positive that the $45 you got me from was the last you'll ever see!Many great choices around, skip this Domino's. They have no idea how to treat a customer or even talk to them for that matter.
2	Ads on tv brag about all the cheese and quality toppings.  What a joke.  They were fast and the counter lady very pleasant.  I would actually pay more for better ingredients.  But it will but not here.  They were not busy, wonder why.
5	I know that all Domino's strive for consistency in their products and service, but this particular location stands above most. They are always fresh and hot. Kudos to the 3875 W Ray Road Chandler, AZ 85224 location. YOU GUYS ROCK
2	Monday night, Tuesday night, Friday night. Doesn't matter; the food always takes FOREVER. We ordered a small pizza with some sides of ranch, and they actually never showed up.... Seriously?
1	Called and ordered a large thin crust for delivery.  Was told 35 to 45 min.  That was ok.  After an hour I called back and was told that was for pick-up.  No.  In our 20 years of doing business with this Dominos we have always had delivery.  Finally the pizza arrived.  COLD.  Guess I will have to find a different delivery shop.
5	Great and affordable pizza
