2	I am a HUGE Pottery Barn fan. HUGE! Their furniture pieces are timeless and made to last. You won't find veneer wood here. Solid heavy pieces that are made to last. My tester; go up to any piece and start shaking it, if it moves so should you to the next item. I like my furniture sturdy, unbreakable. So with that being said, why a 2 star here for this store in particular? The service! Actually the store manager truth be told. It's like the case of Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman. Yes I dress pretty "comfortable" on weekends and I could be mistaken for a 15 year old without a job, but I am still a customer. A customer who just moved in a new house and needs to fill up his house slowly.  So when I frequently get snubbed for more affluent looking customers, I just  peruse the floor samples and get what I want at Pottery Barn Henderson or online. In my profession, don't judge a book by it's cover. Treat everyone like family and they will treat you like family.
5	I have never received bad service here unlike the other location in Henderson where the sales people were quite rude to me on two separate occasions.   I have purchased several items at the Las Vegas store and all of the sales people were more than willing to help me, even if I was working with one particular sales person.  The manager is awesome too.  Two thumbs up!  The Henderson store really needs to use this store as an example.
4	I drove aaaallll the way across town to come to this Pottery Barn to see if they had exterior outdoor lights I am looking for for my wedding. I saw them online at Pottery Barn, super cute little bug lights I plan to string around mine and my future husband's table where we'll be eating. And they have cafe globe lights, which I am planning to string all around the backyard space where the reception is.Anyway, these uber cute lights were not available at the store, only through online. However, the nice Pottery Barn employee there really went above and beyond to look and see if she could order them for me and if it would cost less than me buying them online. But we came to a decision that it would be best for me to ship them to myself because the website offers free shipping for those products anyway!Well at least I can say they have very nice stuff and a nice staff member!
4	Great service all around.  After leaning pretty hard on somebody who owed me money, I took their payoff to Vegas and bought a lamp.  I've always loved their Photographer's Lamp and came here to get one.  I came here to get one because I can't get one with a dimmer switch in California, only on/off.Service was excellent.  I was quickly greeted, served, and out the door.  My lamp is really nice and was easy to assemble.  Thanks PB.  And to California Title 20 :-p
4	I honestly never shop here because this is a very expensive store. For my budget. I come here for gifts or to look at what is on sale or clearance. The store is always set up perfectly and the sales associates are nice and helpful and always offer to gift wrap what I buy. I wish I had money to shop here regularly.
1	I love Pottery Barn, but this store is horrible!!! The employees that work here are a bunch of jerks. They will ignore you and treat you like a bum that rolled in off the street looking for a handout. I've been in here several times and seen the salespeople standing in a group chatting it up and ignoring customers. I picked out a few items that I wanted and went to the register thinking that an employee would come over and ring up my purchases. After waiting a bit for someone to help me, I got annoyed and went to find someone. I found two ladies talked and listened in a bit. It was a personal conversation, so I interrupted them and asked if one of them would ring up my purchases. One of the ladies said something like "yeah in a minute we are in the middle of something wait over there" and they continued chatting. I finally had it and put all my items down in the middle of the floor and walked out the door.The terrible service here is shocking considering the brand. I've been to other Pottery Barn stores and received excellent service, just NEVER at this store. The only reason to even visit this store is to see the items that you want from looking online or in the catalog in person.
2	I have to agree with other reviews here. Love the merchandise, but most of the employees are not very friendly or helpful.
1	I rarely shop here and came in solely to purchase a Heavenly Bed Mattress Set.  The lady took forever ringing the mattress up since their 1994 style computers were "acting up" that day.  We waited about 15-20 minutes for the computer issues.  When she said she was ready all she did was order the mattress online which is the same thing I could have done from my house.  No reason to drive to the store to order the Heavenly Bed since they wouldn't take cash for the purchase.  I intended to pay cash that's why I drove to the actual store and since she had to place an order they wanted a debit or credit card and wouldn't take cash.  They charged a $100 delivery fee plus $129.50 "shipping and processing charge" but those actual charge amounts are hidden until the very last possible second.  She couldn't explain what the shipping and processing charges on top of a delivery fee was actually for.  Shipping and delivery ok but processing?? Come on.When the mattress was delivered it was out-sourced to a local two men and a truck type company.  Not a Pottery Barn truck just a plain old box truck. There was nothing Pottery Barn or Heavenly Bed affiliated with the delivery.  Holy bleep were these gentlemen dirty!  I understand a hard day of work in the heat of Las Vegas but no way should these guys be so dirty.  They looked like they drove to Las Vegas from Maine and fixed every flat tire they saw along the way.  PB had no idea how this delivery company was representing them.  They put a smudge on the corner of the mattress where they ripped the plastic dragging my white Heavenly Bed through the doorway and up the stairs.  Then put it on the bed upside down.  Have you never delivered a mattress before??? I told them to leave it and I would rotate it later (I didn't want their dirty hands taking the plastic off)  The PB supervisor I spoke with over the phone told me this is a "white glove service" and they ALWAYS wear gloves for deliveries.  Gloves..White Gloves. Wait. What?! I'm confused?? They had bare dirty hands and no gloves in sight.  She offered me a discount so I wouldn't request an exchange or return the mattress.  I had already waited over two weeks for the delivery and I just needed the mattress. I dealt with the dirty/slightly damaged corner of my new "Heavenly Bed"HERE IS THE WORST PART:  To place the online mattress order they got my billing address and shipping address.  The PB company sends a ridiculous amount of catalogs to my actual home address and to my billing address. I get catalogs up the wazoo to both addresses now.  PB Home, PB Bed & Bath, PB Kids...I don't even have kids!  I have called the number on the catalog and requested them to STOP sending catalogs to both addresses.  I have opted out twice already but they keep rolling in uncontrollably.  The lady I spoke to said it can take a cycle of catalogs and some time to get out of the system.  I ordered the mattress  in April 2013...two opt outs later they are still sending them.  I actually get angry when I see their catalogs clogging up my mailboxes. Ughh! Stop with the catalogs already!! You are wasting paper and energy generating catalogs that I don't open. If I knew that I would get catalog after catalog from one single purchase I wouldn't have made this purchase at Pottery Barn.  I refuse to buy anything there ever again.
1	so rude!!!!!!!!! too pushy!!!!!!! they do not listen to you, only there to make commission.
5	Angie and Lisa were so helpful. I had to return a bunch of duplicate wedding gifts I got and needed to order my new table, buffet and chairs. They were so patient, helpful and kind. I will be going back to that Pottery Barn location to buy more. Thank you Angie and Lisa. You are the prime example of great customer service.
4	What a beautiful store!  I wish I could  buy new dishes & linens there,  The staff is friendly and well informed,    I did buy a candle & some napkins,
1	No good. The customer service is not good. They will not call you back when promised. I was kept waiting for call back, Not acceptable at all. I had to chase the store manager and general manager to get refunds and to return items. I will not go back at pottery barn again, plus there quality is below par.
3	I really enjoy browsing at Pottery Barn but it seems I never buy anything.  I think the prices are high and  pretty much everything can be found elsewhere for less.  Small decorator items are always obtainable at another store for half the price.  I guess I more shop for ideas than actual products.
