5	The staff are friendly and very helpful. Typically, I come here for one item and one only. I have had many of their snack items but there is 1 that i absolutely love and always buy when i'm on vacation. I really like their milk chocolate moose munch.  This time around, however, I was talked into some BBQ sauce. With memorial day coming up, we'll have to see how this year's ribs end up.  Anyways, the moose munch was so perfect on this hot day. It was a good snack for me. I stayed a while to ask the sales lady some questions about their products. She really knew her info. She knew it down to the ingredients. I was very impressed.
5	One of two outlet stores in Las Vegas, this one is well organized, the staff is friendly and will tell you which items are on clearance upon entering- this one's my favorite. We're regulars; they know us here.Samples, though limited, are very good when you are lucky enough to have them.  The Customer Loyalty Card will earn you additional discounts and when you spend a certain amount, will get you a free package of moose munch (popcorn chocolaty snack- if you haven't had it, you're missing out!). The Entertainment book has a coupon for 10 % off any purchase. Also, there are usually promotions (signs posted) going on as well as special tastings on certain weekends. Another neat thing is there are free recipes for certain products, which is nice. The salespeople will tell you how some of the samples are prepared- just ask. The sauces, salsas, preserves, moose munch, truffles, and drink mixes are excellent. Also, the low fat dessert loaves (freezer section) are really good (chocolate cherry/lemon).  I cannot say enough good things about Harry & David. If I go on, you might think I'm their PR rep.
4	Made the mistake of coming here on Black Friday. Store was packed and only two workers (that I saw). Wanted to get some Moose Munch, but left cause the line to get help was just too long.
4	This was my first time visiting this place.  A friend of mine raved about this place and made sure we visited this place before leaving the outlets.  When you walk in, you're immediately greeted by the cutest ladies with aprons.  They approach you with samples of their famous goodies.  Today I tried the chocolate covered strawberries and cherries.  It was so good!  Packed with flavor and the chocolate was divine.  The store is full of cool treats and mouthwatering snacks.  I got the wasabi mix, chocolate covered fruit and the monkey crunch.  Such great choices!All in all, this trader joe type store really gave me a "sweet" taste in my mouth.  If you have a chance to visit this place, you much.  Sample some coffee or tea and ask for the chocolate covered cherries!  YUM!
4	Do you like snacks? I know I do! The site of a Harry and David store is both a blessing and a curse for a snacker such as myself!Everything here is good, at least everything I've tried is! The peanut butter filled and the chocolate covered pretzels are ahh-maze-ing! The pasta sauces are better than anything I've purchased in any grocery store! The moose munch is addicting and the Belgian waffle cookies are a small taste of heaven on earth!The only negative about this place is that it's a little too PRICY, especially if you want to order anything from their catalog!
4	I've received (well appreciated) Harry and David gifts before but I've never been in or even seen a store before. I thought it was a popular online only store for the longest time.  I was excited to go in, but worried I wanted to buy all the things. I restrained myself and bought snacks for the boyfriend. He has been into cured meats, cheese, pickles and crackers lately so I grabbed some pepperoni and salami from their fridge area. People in the store were nice and they kept giving out samples. I got to try their truffles and white chocolate pretzels which were both yummy.  I definitely will be coming back for snackies and gifts from here! I see a little something for everyone, sweet or savory snackers, so it'll be a nice spot to hit for Christmas.(Yelp 100 Challenge 29/100)
5	I get my pears from Harry and David. They are so juicy you have to suck while you bite the pear so the juices don't flow out and get wasted! So sweet so juicy! Yum yum just thinking about them!
3	Came here yesterday to take advantage of the 50% off everything because the store was moving.  I was 5-star happy about the prices and would have given 5 stars for the service BUT...As we were being rung up, the cashier asked if we would like our items wrapped as a gift basket.  I kindly declined because the stuff I bought was either for myself or family members.  However, this older lady (short brownish hair) that was ringing up at the other cashier came over the the really nice cashier and said loud enough for us to hear "we can't be gift wrapping- we need to move this line out the door".  And for the record, there was one party behind us.  However, I think this other cashier just didn't want to take the effort because everyone was getting Harry and David items for 50% off.  So rude and uncalled for...I really hope the new store does not let this lady run the show.  Just because the store is moving doesn't mean there is an excuse to providing excellent customer service.
