4	My SO brought to Amusement 2000 plus during some downtime we had before our dinner reservations.  It has been years since I have played in an arcade and it was a bit nostalgic hanging out at Amusement 2000.  Tokens were 50% off, so you get twice as many to play.  Most games were 2 tokens.  We spent about a good hour playing a few games and we were entertained.  The place is small and we had to wait to play a few games.I would definitely recommend this arcade if you are in the Saint Catherines area.  It is on the main strip and the location can not be missed.  Play on!
4	Love coming here drunk or sober. Every year for my birthday I force someone to play Buck Hunt with me. Fun place to kill some time and quarters.
5	One of the only arcades in MTL. I come here every birthday / bad night to play Buck Hunt and nail some high scores. Friendly staff and fantastic game selection.
4	Went here after a disappointing experience at Foonzo. This place has an arcade-y feel and really takes you back. They do a good job organizing the games -- they put all the pinball machines together, sort of split up the racing games, and have the music and shooting games near the back.The prices are very reasonable. $20 for 85 tokens, and a lot of machines are only 2-3 tokens per player. That's less than a dollar per play! Some of the machines already had tokens in them, so that saved us a lot as well.We had a lot of fun with the games. Beware of the X-Men pinball machine, as the layout is poorly designed. My boyfriend is skilled with pinball machines, and it was too easy to have it drop in the middle. The crowd at Amusements 2000 seem cool, as he played against 3 other strangers in one of the racing games. Friendly competition really makes the arcade fun!In regards to personal possessions, you do have to watch out. My boyfriend and I placed our stuff in front of us, or held onto it. I'm unsure about the staff, but a young guy working there handed our tokens in apathy. I have yet to experience a coin being swallowed by the machine, and how the staff handles it.But overall this arcade has a good selection of games, and an interesting group of people. Definitely recommend going to it...just pay attention to your stuff!
4	Je suis aller,Super place pour s'amuser des heures pour 5$ tu as 20 jetons et pour 20$ tu as 80 jetons!! Les machine prend environs 3 jetons par games!! Pour le types d'age c'est toutes les age de 8ans a 50ans ferme dans les environ de 3h am !! Tu as des jeux de course de 1 a 4 personne qui peuve jouer dans la meme course, il y a Street Fither vi sa aussi sa peut jouer juste cas 4 personne en meme temps!!! Des jeux gun des jeux tu peux gagner des prix  des distributrise pour boire au manger quel que chose a un prix abordable!! 8.5/10
