5	Keith Nettles, owner and son of the founder of Nettles Air Conditioning was an outstanding service provider and trusted expert when we decided to replace our air conditioning unit.  We received three bids in total, and while Keith remained extremely competitive in price, he won the job due to his sincerity, his expertise and knowledge and wanting to put in the best equipment for our needs and budget.  If you need repair or replacement of an air conditioning unit, I would not hesitate to recommend Keith & Nettles Air Conditioning.  In Arizona, where A/C is just as important as food and water, you want someone you can trust and someone who will get the job done right.  Keith is your man!
5	I've known Keith for a few years, and he has made a couple of visits to my house. Last week, I was out of town when the a/c unit conked out while it was 110 degrees. Keith worked with a friend of mine in coordinating a same-day visit to replace a worn out capacitor. It was certainly cheaper than replacing the whole unit. Keith has always been very friendly, professional and reliable. I will continue to recommend Keith to friends and family, and have no doubts as to his honesty and aptitude. He's just one of those guys you trust.
5	I can only review Keith for integrity and I give him 5 stars.  He was on a job and accidentally bumped my car.  He left a note and made sure I was taken care of.  I believe the way a person does one thing is how they do everything!
5	Had no heat nor no idea who to call that wouldn't rip us off.  My neighbor recommended Keith at Nettles A/C.  We called Keith at 7:30 a.m. and by 9:45 he returned call and was able to come same day.  He explained everything he did and answered all our questions.  Most important we had "good vibes" about his honesty and one should always go with their first instinct.  No fault of Keith but our unit is so old and has a leak so he was only able to do a bandaid fix but told us we will need a new unit.  We will get other bids as per Keith's suggestion for the new unit but we are sure he will be the winner.  Highly recommend Nettles.
