5	Excellent work, and attention to detail.  They landscaped my entire yard from the boring builder landscaping that came with my house in the front yard; a kidney bean shaped piece of grass a couple of tiny trees and some rocks.  And they also took my dirt backyard and turned it into a tropical oasis, with a beautiful rock waterfall, flowering plants, trees, lush grass and pavers done in a cool circular pattern.  It's beautiful back there now and all my friends are insanely jealous of my mini tropical paradise.    I highly recommend them.I'm taking off one star because my project was delayed by a 3 days because of a 3 day holiday weekend, but I guess that means that they actually give their employees holiday weekends off...so maybe that should actually be plus one star?EDITED: After thinking about it for a few weeks, I decided to give back the star I originally subtracted for the 1 day delay on my project.  I decided it was pretty unreasonable for me to subtract a star over that.Anyway, I would highly recommend them.  Excellent attention to detail and beautiful work!
5	I used a few other landscaping services before I found CYC. I have to say I've been extremely pleased with their service. There is always one person on their crew that speaks good english and I'm always able to communicate what I need done on the yard. Their crews do a great job, my yard has never looked so good!
1	Not impressed at all.  I used their services to take care of my yard.  They continually showed up before 7:00 a.m. in my residential neighborhood.  I called to request no earlier than 8:00 a.m. or later.  They said fine.  Next two times, before 7:00 a.m.  Called again, they then informed me they could not guarantee my time after 8:00 a.m. as I was first on their route.  They neglected to mentioned this on my first call.  I also did not appreciate the raising of my agreed upon estimate in less than 4 months.  Extremely unprofessional in my opinion.  The last strike was their unprofessional estimate I received when I was getting a quote for a new irrigation system for my whole yard.  Nothing was explained very well and the individual was not very professional.  I went with someone whose price was the exact same but used PVC pipe instead of the rubber tubing for the main piping through my yard.  This is my first YELP review and I use it quite a bit for major decisions so these folks definitely got my dander up.
5	These guys rock! For those of you who expect wonders, do it yourself! For the money and service, they show up every week! 115 degrees?  They are there cleaning my yard!  Can't ask for a better run company since anything I ask, I can get some response from Chris the owner.  Again, customer service at its finest.  A+ guys!
5	CYC did a complete install for me almost 7 years ago.  The design incorporated everything I asked for plus a whole lot more.  I did not get nickeled and dimed to death with change orders.  The bid they gave me was exactly what I paid.  I am working with them again on some additional work and am very excited about the design as the price meets my budget and the new features in our yard will allow us to spend a lot more family time outside.
5	Mike is Awesome!!!!  He is one of the partners of CYC & I recommend him & his team to anyone that needs a complete landscape  package.  They go above & beyond & they don't skip the details - if you want your backyard to look like $1M and enhance the value of your home - Go with CYC - U won't regret it!!!
