5	The Food court has been redone and is awesome. Its open 24 hrs has wifi but you must pay for it. Wendys, Starbucks, Del Taco, Dairy Queen, Subway and a few other restuarants in there. Ample seating and windows face the strip so you get a view of whats going on down below. Definitely when your hungry this is the place to go. I forgot about Panda Express being in there too. Just REMEMBER dont go mixing food. Eating Panda and Del Taco in the same sitting is a NO NO. A Rumbly in your Tumbly will start.
2	Know what sucks about this place?  As you sit here having a late night snack before stumbling back to your hotel room, you realize that there are about 10,000 better places in Vegas that you could be.  You came to Vegas for this?  Seriously?  Get the fuck outta here and hit the clubs!
3	To stick a movie theater on the tip of the strip Is a bit random but NOT the worst idea. It's great be able to watch a Late-Night movie when your not In the mood for euro-techno, club feet and "meat market agendas".
4	Foot traffic is always busy around here so entering the ramp to the garage could be a while. Garage parking is $3, no coins (nearby casino parking is free but be prepared to walk). There is the food court (most on the upper level), shopping, and the movie theater. We went here (food court) on a summer weekend once, and it was super busy. We barely got seats. As for the food court, I just think that it's OK. Selections are: La Salsa, Auntie Anne's, Del Taco, Wendy's, Noble Roman's, Panda Express, Dairy Queen/Orange Julius, Sbarro, (most are on the upper level) and located elsewhere, Denny's and Hard Rock Cafe. I guess the good part is that it's available 24 hours.Shopping is: Ross (it's a good one!), M & M's World (also an attraction/4 levels, go see the free show- we love this place), World of Coca Cola (take pictures with the Polar Bear- an eatery upstairs and attraction besides shopping on both levels), Adidas (skip it), and other small gift shops. Also there is a discount show ticket place here, too. We usually come down a few times a year for these shops because M & M's World is such a cool place. The movie theater is just alright. It's a little small and probably could benefit from a makeover (but I suppose space is an issue). The box office is outside. Concession stand and bathrooms are in the lobby. The seats are single level (and that's probably the worst part of it). Our last visit here was last year for a free movie screening. We were pretty close until one party had a dozen of their friends pop over. When casinos were just starting to build theaters, this place existed before all that, so it's been here a while.
