4	When shopping at Sun Vally Quilts we often stop at Don Jose. The restaurant is a part of a rather dismal strip mall and the inside of this place is pretty much what you would expect. But it is inexpensive with decent food and a lot of it. The guy taking orders is very nice and concerned for his customers. He deals with the older crowd from Sun City very well. Helpful does not say enough.It is too bad they can not control the other customers conversations as we had the luck to overhear about eight bovine brained men making fun of the now married gay folks in California and the current situation.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I visited Don Jose's, the food was actually pretty good!  My order was the carne asada plate, that and a bottle of Diet Coke was just over nine bucks, a little pricy I thought, but I grabbed some of their salsas and sat down.  My order arrived quickly and the portions were big, I left STUFFED and I couldn't even finish everything.  The beans were a little looser than I would have preferred but tasty nonetheless.  The carne asada was well seasoned, chopped up into chunks with no mystery gristly fat pieces.  Came with a good scoop of guacamole, rice, beans, and a steamin' bundle of tortillas.  My only gripe is that they don't give you chips to go with the salsas-you have to buy a bag.I enjoyed everything and would certainly return when I'm in the land of the blue hairs :)
4	This place would have 5 stars from me if it weren't for the tacky interior design.  I can't do half stars so this place will get my 4...  I was visiting my father-in-law over the weekend for his birthday.  We stopped by Don Jose's before starting our day.  I was recommended the chorizo and the chile relleno burritos.  The chile relleno sounded really good, and was going to go with that until I saw the lengua burritos.  I LOVE lengua.  Could not pass up the opportunity so I went with the lengua burrito (which defaultly *is this a word?*) comes with onions and cilantro.I ordered the lengua burrito with sour cream and guacmole in it.  It was SOOOO DELICIOUS.  I'm salivating right now thinking about how good this burrito was.  The burrito was a pretty nice size.  Bigger than a 1/2 lb burrito from Taco Bell, but smaller than ones at Chipotle.  The flavor.  The texture.  The combination....  It was heavenly, and filling.  The lengua was cooked perfectly.The service here at Don Jose's was very attentive.  I believe the owners is the man himself and his wife.  They have about 4 sauce selections to choose from.  There was a dark red, a regular tomato/pico de gallo salsa, green salsa, and I forgot what else.  I loved all of them but I'm a huge fan of the green.  The burrito could go without the sauce, but I'm a well known sauce bandit so it was pretty saucey.With the order, we ordered a California Burrito, Chorizo Burrito, 2 Ham and Egg Breakfast Burrito, and a Sausage and Egg Breakfast Burrito.  I took a bite out of the Chorizo Burrito, it was pretty good.  Greasy like how a chorizo really is, but the burrito packs a (heavy) flavor punch.When I come back to Arizona to visit again, I will definitely have to make a stop to Don Jose's.  Not sure if I will go with a new burrito though.... Lengua has been on my mind since then.
5	Not much for decor, but the food is amazing.
5	Don't pass this place up.  The food is fantastic!
5	Non chain real Mexican food in Sun City? Wait, what? Is this fancy pants? No.Is this blow your mind creativity/complex flavors? No.Is this a place that puts decor/ambiance above the customer service and food? NoWhat this place does have is:Good quality home made food.An owner who not only cares about his customers but works with what they are in the mood for.Has daily specials.Has a fast turn around.Has a salsa bar.Is a family run, family feel good food in a crappy location. Prices are more than reasonable. Know that your busy time will be lunch hour and then the 4:30-6:00pm Sun City dinner dining timeframe. Say hi to Jose'. He's the real deal.
5	This place is amazing! Truly a diamond in the rough. If you are in the lower Surprise/Sun City area and have a hankering for great Mexican food, you NEED to stop by. Try the shrimp and steak burrito (I think it's called Tierra y Mar). You will not regret coming here. The rice and beans are some of the best I've ever had as well and the owner is SO pleasant.
5	Five stars for the delicious food.  Less for the interior but we don't really care about that when we are enjoying our food so much.  Their flour tortillas are the best ever (and I've made my own tho not as tasty as these),  We had tacos, tostadas, beans, and enchiladas and all were very good.  Don Jose's is one of the best values with great flavors.  Kudos to the chef!
5	best little mexican hole in the wall place around!
3	Normal Mexican fast food - Compare to filibertos. I ordered the polo asado burrito, I felt the burrito was on the small side. Price was decent. Large drink and burrito for $7.39
4	I had the chicken chimichanga burrito it was tasty and flavorful.  The beans and rice are pretty good not a lot of seasoning but simple and not bland either.  My husband had the chili relleno burrito which was flavorful and delicious.  The chips werr ok and the salsas were fresh but a little on the bland side.
1	Very disappointed.   Two carne asada tacos with Pico and guac. Sounded good but meat was cold and flavorless.  Pico and guac were flavorless.
5	Jose is a great guy and he and his wife serve up some delicious homemade authentic Mexican.  You won't be sorry you ate here!
5	Great Place! The owner is super friendly and the food is always fresh! Try their chorizo!
