4	Ambiance:  This restaurant is oh so very tiny with maybe 12 tables in all.  And even then, its probably only best suited for a number less than that, which makes for something of a crowded experience.  Subdued lighting, but not too much, and comfortable noise levels -- it's easy enough to have a quiet conversation with someone across from you with no trouble.Food:  This place is all about burgers so to order anything else would probably be a waste of time, although there are a handful of other options.  This establishment is all about simplicity and focus and it shows.  The burgers are both juicy and delicious and when combined with frites (fries) and beer make for an excellent meal.  For people with vegetarian friends, fear not, for there are three different "veggie" burger options.  Excellent place to get one's "Belgian" on with frites, mayonaisse and beer on a cold, rainy day.Service:  Friendly and attentive.  Although it can take a while to receive service, it's certainly not for lack of effort.  The menu is in French only, but the staff also speaks English quite well.Price:  Very reasonably priced. $10-15 per person (not including alcohol).  Considering the quality of the food, it's a value.Hassle factor:  Expect to wait to get in.  We went at 5pm on a Saturday and still had a 20 minute wait to be seated.  There is room for only 10 people to queue in line so spillover has to wait outside -- which could be a problem on cold or wet days.  Due to steps and crowding, this establishment is most definitely not wheel-chair friendly.Overall:  4.5 stars.  Knocked off a half-star for the hassle of getting in.  Spartan, no frills menu, but executed very well.  Great lunch date for couples.  It's also a good spot for informal business lunches.
5	I have been going to La Paryse for over TWENTY YEARS! The "Regulier" has remained a constant reminder that I have to get back to Montreal on a regular basis. This year I broke my Passover observance to taste that perfection. The poutine is also good but I go only for the best burger I have had on this earth.
4	It's been a few years since we've been to Montreal, but I dream of going back and enjoying a burger from La Paryse! From what I remember, this is a locals type of place, not big and not fancy just really, really good!The burgers were gopd sized and juicy! The fries were also quite tasty.
5	Best burger I had, anywhere.
3	Although I've been told they make the burgers in Montreal, I felt like having a poutine and gave theirs a try as I was looking for a semi-quick fix in the area.The poutine was lacking two of the three key ingredients to a good poutine: squick-squick cheddar cheese chunks (this was the wrong type and grated) and the sauce was quite blend. It tasted like one of those quick-mix you buy at the grocery store. The fries were crisp and big, which prevented the whole thing of turning into a soup within 2 minutes (that is a good thing). The presentation was pretty and the atmosphere of the place is jovial and relaxed and the service is courtois. Altogether, my poutine experience at La Paryse was a pleseant one.Looking at the next table I saw that the burgers do seem great, so perhaps next time I should stick to that. The poutine only really deserves a 2, but I'm sure there are better dishes on the menu... yet a part of me thinks that if you can't do it right, don't offer it.
5	Between m:brgr and Mr.Steerburger, La Paryse has consistently vied for the 'Best Burger" title in Montreal and deservedly so.Portions are just right, esp. if you order a large fries to split with a friend, this has been here for over 20 years run by lesbian business partners across the street from CEGEP de Vieux Montreal.If you can only try one thing, get "Le Special" - cream cheese hamburgers which is literally right out of this world! Fries are great and their deserts are home made!
3	La Paryse does good burgers, but does not live up to the hype.  The wait is typically long, the service is underwhelming, and the food, while tasty, is nothing to write home about.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the prices are reasonable.  It is a good place to try if you are in the neighbourhood and there is no wait to get a table.
5	While in town I took my family here.  We found this on Yelp while at the Jazz Festival -  It is one of the best burgers ever, and worth the wait.
4	Hamburgers in Montreal?  Why not?  My wife and I went on a Saturday night at 7pm and the line was beginning to form out the door.  The restaurant is small with just over a dozen tables.  The waiting area could probably fit about 10 people whilst blocking the door.  The two of us waited for about 20 minutes before we were seated.  If there are more than two of you expect to wait longer to be seated when it's busy.The burgers were pretty damn good and the fries were even better.  I don't know what's done differently to the potatoes in Montreal but I like it!  Accompany your burger with some blanche beer and you're golden!  If you're looking for a cheaper dining option and don't mind waiting a bit look no further.
5	If there is one thing I learned during my trip to Montreal, it's that if you have to wait for it, it's probably worth it.  The line was two the door when we stepped in, and soon after spilled on to the sidewalk.  The food is divine--I had a sandwich (La Paryse) that was overflowing with complex flavors, and my friends all had hamburgers.  We all agreed that it was the best meal that we enjoyed during our ten day trip.  The atmosphere is great, too.  The dining room is well lit and colorful, and they give you crayons to use while you wait for your food.  It was a wonderful dining experience.
3	Great little resto with delicious burger - the bun was so good!  But was disappointed that they used shredded mozzerella on their poutine instead of curds.
5	My friend was hyping this burger up as soon as I my plane touched down on the airport runway. I've had some good burgers before, so i was a bit skeptical. Finally we get to La Paryse. I really wasn't sure what to expect. Fortunately the burger met and exceeded the hype that they made. It was a big burger as you can see in the picture. I had the double because i was hungry. Wow. I can't really describe it because i practically engulfed while enjoying every bite. It is in my top 5 burgers that I have eaten. I t was really good. The side of poutine was good too. Poutine would have to be one of the best late night, drunk food. Its fries topped with cheese and gravy, can't beat that. I want more of the burger. Hmm, you know, I should have taken one to go.
1	The burger I received was so small, overcooked and without flavor that it wasn't for the drenching of mayo (that I don't think was fresh) the bits of burger may have had an easier time staying together. My burger patty itself was not much bigger than you would find in a regular McDonald's burger (i.e. not the Big Mac or Quarter Pounder size), and was so plain tasting, the limp lettuce and razor thin tomatoes did little to give it any zing at all. My girlfriends Tofu burger was about twice the size of mine, and she didn't care for it much either.  Her salad (which we split) was also a sad disappointment. The tomatoes tasted off, the lettuce and cucumbers were limp, and all in all, even dressing couldn't save it. She ate less than half before requesting we stop at a grocery store on the way home to get dinner.The service was as shocking and disappointing. The place is small and well staffed, but they didn't bother to clear our table after we'd finished the small portions, they weren't overly nice, took ages to seat us even when there were two free tables, and weren't remotely pleasant when it came time to settle the bill.After reading the reviews we really wanted to give it a try. After reading what's here and then experiencing that place, I can't help but take my experience personally - it was SO MUCH WORSE than a lot of these reviews say... I just can't explain the disconnect any other way.There are a dozen other restaurants within a stone's throw of this place that are also pretty well priced (3 Amigos, Zyng, etc.). I can't urge you strongly enough to avoid this place at all costs and try somewhere else instead.
4	I finally got to try this place after going there twice and finding it closed (I think it doesn't open on Monday... Or something).Anyway, once inside, it's a little place with quite a few tables but it is by no means a LARGE place. I like that though. The atmosphere is friendly, and the design inside is like a mixture between artist hangout and diner.We sat inside, and as with all my burger hunting around Montreal, I ordered the regular burger. When I go to a place to rate the burger, I order the classic so I can have a level playing field on which to rate the burger places.This place's classic involved mushrooms, some interesting cheese and a really original tasting bun. Me and 4 other friends sit down and we all bite into our burger and we all REALLY loved it. The only SMALL complaint was that AT TIMES, it seemed to be too stuffed with other things (mushrooms were a little overkill in terms of quantity) that the meat's taste was a little overshadowed. Though that, by no means, is a reason for you to not try this place. I think people should definitely eat here as the burger's taste is very original.We also ordered the fries there, and those were okay. Not the greatest fries but I've come to accept that here in the cold north, they can't grow a tuber to save their lives!Another nice touch was that each burger is served with a slice of pineapple as a nice fruity punch after you are finished with your meaty indulgence.All-in-all, we left really satisfied, and I would easily recommend this place to someone that wants a burger that's different, but not Frites Alors! (that place makes INSANE burgers!) different.A quick side note: 1 of my friends is a vegetarian, and she said the vege-burger was good too, so take what you will from that. Personally I believe the vege-burger is an insult to the holy burger.
4	I know there's a line, but wait! Wait! Soon you'll be seated and then you'll have a burger and dear lord, it will be wonderful!This is a cute little place that you'll be glad you know about, since it's got a nice atmosphere and the burgers are divine. The fries are good too, though I'm always annoyed when a restaurant makes me pay for them separately. C'mon, who doesn't want fries?! Just serve them with the burgers, jeez.
2	I was told that they had the best burgers in town.After waiting 30 minutes to get a seat after being told it will be 10,was not overly impressed.Service was good and very friendly,but it  was not worth the wait or trip.Burger de Ville in Montreal West has better burgers and less expensive.
3	It's a good burger and fries joint...but the raves about it are likely the product of taste-buds that are easily pleased.  Good burgers.  Not great.  The basic cheeseburger is sloppy and falls apart in your hands.  It is good.  But for a great burger in Montreal I think Yelpers should try the restaurant in the Gare Centrale that sits just beside the train queues.  They grill the burger to your liking and OMG they are good.  You add your own condiments...and buy whatever drink you want from the drinks cases and fountains.  can someone help me here and remind me of the name of the place?
4	Cream cheese on a burger!?  BRILLIANT.  I can't believe I haven't tried or seen this anywhere before.  The components of this burger alltogether were pretty top notch.  My only complaint is that it's a standard medium/medium-well patty and as far as I gathered, there was no option to have it any other way.  It wasnt a particularly thick piece of meat though, so it probably wouldn't have been such a good patty for, say, a medium rare burger.  I went on a Tuesday at 11 and didn't experience any line or any crowd, so that was a total plus too....especially since I was wandering in badly in need of some burger grease.  I tried the fries, and enjoyed them with ketchup.  I think they would have made for some great poutine, had I had the room in my tummy.  I can definitely say I'll be going back to this place next time I make my way up to Montreal.
4	Good inexpensive food. Had poutine - a highlight of local cuisine - I recommend it!
4	Excellent buergers, and probably the best milkshake in Montreal!! The only little cons is the perpetual line up there... A great place to eat.
4	Stopped in at La Paryse for a late afternoon bite and got seated right away. My companion and I both got burgers and shared an order of poutine. GREAT food and a nice cozy atmosphere. The homemade lemonade was excellent, too. Definitely recommended.
4	Went last night to le paryse and was blown away! Great service, great food! I had le special burger with cream cheese, bacon and mushrooms. So delicious!
4	Lovely place for burgers, fries and the absolutely best milkshakes I've ever had. What can I say? Simple menu with simple food is hard to beat when it's well executed. La Paryse know what they do best and they don't pretend to be anything they are not. When you go in you can feel they love what they do, and it shows in the friendly service!Definitely recommended for vegetarians. I had the pinto bean burger and it was excellent. Better than any other vege-burger I've tried so far in Montreal.**edit: Comptoir 21 now has the best I've tried :)
5	Ate here the other afternoon for dinner (like 4:30, so a little early) and what a find! Definitely one of the best burgers that I have ever had. What is better than pickles, Dijon mustard, and soft poppyseed bun with your burger? The fries were well-cooked and fresh. I loved the crayons to doodle while you wait, and it was obviously a popular place as it got quite busy about 20 minutes after we got there, and it looked like a bit of a line-up, but it is a small place. A must go if visiting, or living, in Montreal.
4	So I got lucky and showed up just before the lunch rush.  I ordered the special burger with fries and a V8.  I enjoyed the burger but about half way through it became a mess.  My guess is the cream cheese got all the insides wanting to get on the outside.  The fries looked and tasted just like Frite Alors and that's a good thing.  Service was polite and friendly.  My only two criticisms are the price, and the two groups i was sat next too where very loud.  The noise I of course can't falt the establishment but the price seemed just a little high.  All in all I would go back again but this time I will order the club sandwich.  They looked soo good when they passed me .
