5	Eyebrow? Want 2 Eyebrows? Go to Lee.  She is by far THE BEST EYEBROW WAX I have ever encountered.  I've gone to her for 5 years now and I have never been disappointed.  Don't believe me?  Look at my pictures... those brows would connect if Lee did not take good care of me (thanks, Italian genes!!) I also get my manis and pedis here-- WONDERFUL!  Clean, friendly and affordable.    The pedicure chairs are to die for and it is very relaxing.  I would never go any other place than My Nail Salon.*** Note:  Lee does not baby or pamper you in waxing, it is strictly, wax, rip --ouch-- move on..... she does do this forehead beating/massage quickly after wards-- it can be startling at first-- just a warning.  The outcome is flawless though.
5	Clean, friendly, fast, and they do a great job! I have been getting pedicures here for a long time and I have never had a bad experience. The salon isn't much to look at. In fact it is very small, but it's nice and the chairs are awesome. You can always come in as a walk in and get out in about twenty minutes. Unfortunately this place isn't very close to my house nor will it be remotely close to my new apartment. :(
5	The place is clean, the ladies there are so nice.  Lee took good care of my pedicure and manicure.  I'll be back here for sure.
5	My husband and I were here on vacation. I had a many month grown out pedicure (and no polish remover at home). This had not been an issue with the rain and cold at home. There was just no point of freezing your toes off in flip flops. But now, here were are in sunny beautiful AZ. You have to wear flip flops. I lasted about three days before I just had to do something about those gross half painted nails. SO, yelp to the rescue. I found this place just a few blocks from our resort. I called a few times over the weekend, but the midday baseball games were rather limiting to getting in. SO, Monday morning, I headed on in. The place is nice with quite a few spa pedicure chairs and several tables for nails. The ladies were very nice were ready for me, with no appointment needed. I chose my color and headed to my spa chair. I had a spa pedicure, with all the frills. I got to do the soak in the foot spa. GOt the nails trimmed and filed. Had a wonderful sea salt scrub. Followed by a hot stone massage. This was not something I had had before, and it was great.  I had to look up from my book to see what was so warm in the massage. This is far better than the warm moist towel and massage. Then the nails were primped and prepped and I was on my way. We come here usually twice per year to Scottsdale and I will most definitely be back. Though, most likely on my first day of arrival to give more time to show off my beautiful toes and feet.
4	The staff is nice.  It's pretty clean.  They use little plastic disposables in the soaking tubs which is nice.  I'm a foot doc so I'm always watching how they do stuff.  It's super busy on the weekends but you can still be in and out in an hour.  It's a vietnemese place but English is well-spoken.  I'll go again.
5	I LOVED My Nail Salon!!!!!! I got a pedicure, manicure and brows waxed. Their prices were reasonable and the ladies were very nice and easy to communicate with. The salon was very clean and all the utensils came out of a sealed package. The pedicure was great and the wax was the best! Go to Lee for waxing! Loved it!
4	First time to have a brow wax in a nail salon.  Lee did great shaping my eyebrows.  She was quick, and the price was reasonable.  I would go back to see her.
5	This place is right near my home where I just moved in, so I went there.  Very conveniently located at Tatum and Shea, behind Walgreen's, with good parking right in front.  The mani/pedis are $31-33 (I forget exactly).Luckily, the very first time I got Sue, who is fabulous.  I've been back to her twice already.  Sue does a great job on both mani and pedi, and she's wonderful at massage... takes her time, is very friendly and sweet, and speaks good English.  After a horrible move, I really needed that foot and leg massage.I also like the drying area at the front.  Everything is well set up, and the massage chairs are probably the best I've ever seen, and they use disposable trays in the basins.  Very nice decor, nice music and TV on news muted so you can see what's going on in the outside world.  They also have hooks so you purse doesn't have to be parked on the floor.Oh and while I was at the front, a lady came in "demanding" Sue and another woman was champing at the bit to get in my mani chair before I was even done.  This speaks highly for how good Sue is.  This is my place for keeps!
2	You'll see more Hermes bags, flashy Rolexes, and giant glittering diamonds here on a Saturday afternoon than you may see in an entire weekend at the Chateau Marmont. Don't let the flashing jewels fool you: this place is just another run-of-the-mill Vietnamese salon, with young girls gossiping away in another language, lone hovering overseeing male figure (i.e., "the pimp"), dirty instruments, and all. I came in with moderately grown out nails and one broken short nail, and wanted them all cut down to match the stumpy one. The answer I got? "Long nail pretty." No, really, I want them shorter. "Long nail pretty!" and so I got 9 long, ghetto-square nails and one short rounded nail. Shock of shocks, two of the long square ones chipped within 24 hours. Even though this salon offers an array of 2-week gel polishes (Gelish and CNS Shellac), I doubt I'll be back. What's the point of paying $12+tip for a mani if you have to redo it yourself the following night?
4	Living in a new area I had to try out a new nail spot. I really enjoyed this place, I went in for a manicure/gel nails on a Friday evening. They were packed and I didn't have an appointment but they were still able to fit me in with no wait. The owner did my nails, he was really nice and chatted with me the entire time. Start to finish with gel nails,  I was out in about 45 minutes.  I am really curious to see how long this polish lasts, but 4 days later they still look great!
5	I frequent many nail salons and for some reason I always want to come back to this place. I feel like they are always quick and accomodating. They also use the plastic inserts in the pedicure seats to give it that extra barrior for germs. They are a pretty busy facility but I haven't waited very long because they have many workers.
1	If you think making an appointment will prevent you from waiting - think again!  This salon is located near my house so I have tried it many times - each time hoping for a better experience.  Unless you are the first one in the door in the morning, plan on waiting.  If you have an appointment, you may even wait longer.  What is frustrating, is they will always tell you that will be a "few minutes" even if the wait is really 40minutes.  The last time I was there,  I had an appointment at 1:00 and wasn't seen until 1:40pm!  When I asked how much longer, the male owner, kept saying, "few minutes."  When I gave him feedback on how it would be really nice if they could be more accurate with how late they are running so people could run to walgreens or come back, he said, "If you don't like it - go someplace else- we have plenty of business!"  Since I tip so well, I was shocked at how I was treated.   The fact that my gel polish would ALWAYS come off after only 1 week and the pedicures weren't that great made me wonder why I was even trying to make this nicely located nail salon work for me.  I will never go back!
1	My mom and I met at the salon. We didn't have a lot of time so I asked when we came in if there was any wait for two pedicures. They said no wait and sat us down immediately. Someone started working on my mom right away, but started her pedicure out by telling her they did not like the color she chose for her nails.  I thought this was odd but figured at least she was honest. 20 minutes later no one had come over to start my pedicure. I asked if I could soak my feet and they initially said no, only said yes after I asked why... they didn't want my feet soaking for too long. hmmm.  Then they told me someone would be over in 3 minutes. 15 minutes later finally someone came over to me but by that time it was too late. I told her I had to be home in a half an hour and she said that the pedicures only should last 30 minutes anyway.  I ultimately did not get the pedicure. The salon also smelled a lot stronger than most of polish/remover etc. It was a little uncomfortable. Even though it is the closest place to my house I won't be going back.
1	Seriously terrible work. I have never reviewed a place before but feel so strongly that people shouldn't waste their money here. The staff is rude and the nail I went in to have repaired looks absolutely terrible. Thought since they were closer than my normal nail place I would just go there since I just needed one repair, never again!! The one nail looks so horrible! Don't waste your time or money!
1	Terrible pedicure and terrible gel nails. Not a good color selection and they don't put the polish up to your cuticles so both only lasted barely a week. On top of it lady told me only to bring tip in cash, shouldn't even tipped her at that point.
3	Any yelpers know where Sue is working now? She was amazing and she's left this place. I'll follow her if I know where to go?
4	Getting a pedicure here was awesome!  I was in Phoenix for a wedding and stopped by here for a pedicure.  I was seated in a chair immediately and got the one of the pedi packages that came with the callous remover, scrub and hot stone rocks.  The lady who did my nails was friendly and did a great job.  This is a good place to get your nails done and they give you a discount if you pay in cash instead of card.
2	It was a great pedicure however, she took the nippers (I was a licensed nail tech back in the 90's) and she dug into the side of my nail. It "woke me up" real quick.  I know she was trying to really get all the cuticle however, we were always taught that you don't dig. I turned and watched her and she was just trying to make sure I had a clean nail bed.  Everything else went great.  She did the most beautiful flower.  I went home and took a nap.  I woke up and got up and felt the toe that was "jabbed" throb.  I put iodine on it. I took a hot shower to open up the area and put more iodine on it.  I went out for the evening and that toe was throbbing.  I'm going to put a antibiotic cream on it. I have no doubt it will be ok in a few days with extra care.
2	Everytime I attempt to go in here to get my nails done they are unable to do them. I strongly suggest you make an appointment if you want to get your nails done here, because walk-in appointments seem to be out of the question.
1	I got the worst gel manicure here last week. The lady was giving me attitude about my choice of colors. The gel on my thumb was all lumpy when I left. 5 days later the gel is peeling off and my nails are breaking. I won't be coming back here again.
1	I just moved into the area, and thought I would give them a try.  I won't make that mistake twice.  My nails are still recovering from the nail tech trying to remove my gels with an electric nail file!  She didn't even wrap them first.
