3	Great for beginners who need short iron practice on mostly straight fairways.  Driving range is open at night, which is a plus.  There are coupons in your mail if you live nearby, which can make this place a nice value.Now here's the catch - this place is expensive for what it is.  Their price per ball at the driving range is more expensive than the nice course down the street (500 club) yet Adobe has a horrible grass tee area, and you can't see your ball very well at night anyway.  The course is about as shabby as you would want to go, even as a beginner - some of the fairways have a lot of dirt and non-growing areas, greens aren't bad, and there's not a lot of effort made to keep debris off the greens.  Yet this place wants outrageous prices to play here, especially right now in May - $13 for 9 holes is just silly.  Recently I played the nearby Legends at Arrowhead for about $26 (18 holes, with cart, with free lunch).Lesson learned - if you don't have a coupon for Adobe, then don't go!Make sure you park to the east in the lot because it's not uncommon for people to overswing on the 9th hole and find their ball in the parking lot.  And there's no barrier to stop this, other than one tree.
5	Fairways are narrow. The "rough " is really just the desert. Greens are painted on and elevated like a putt putt course. But play here long enough and you'll shave strokes when you play real courses.
5	Love the kids golf lessons. My son who is 6 has been taking lessons for 6 months and has learned so much. Lessons are a great deal. 4 half hour lessons for $35. Pete is an amazing coach and really relates to kids well.
4	Great place to get some practice in!
5	This may not be the prettiest course around but it's shortcomings are made up by their awesome friendly staff who go out of their way to ensure fairness and a good time for all.  I had the pleasure of dealing with Jason on more than one occasion and he was terrific with my daughter who is just learning to play....and on another occasion I was overcharged and was visited on the course to bring me a refund...these guys are great!!!!
3	It definitely is not a championship golf course, but who cares!  As a teacher with summers off, this place is close by and a great area to practice my game.  It is only 9 holes, that is not maintained the best, but if you do not want to hurt the wallet, this is a great place to improve as a golfer.  They are not strict on attire, and the name says it all, it is a great place to bring the family.  This is my second summer playing here and I have enjoyed the experience, as you definitely pay for where you are playing.
