5	My visit to Leith was the 'mission' of my long awaited trip to GB. Many generations of my family hail from Leith (my grand father was a Lindsay and his mother was a Leith), so spending a few days here was truly special. I was told to find this pub, as the property had some connection to my family (the details are a bit fuzzy... I should have paid more attention when my grandparents explained the association). We found it easily - almost by accident. It was just what I had pictured.  The building itself is very old - goes back hundreds of years.  The pub has two very, very small rooms, one for eating and drinking and another for drinking and darts.  Intimate (shoulder-to-shoulder) seating.  Brick walls.  Low ceiling.  Even a small fireplace at one end of the room we were in. We ordered fish, which was quite good. Seemed the safest thing on the menu [well, chalk board behind the bar] for a not so adventurous American. (Folks sitting next to us had haggis... I had to avert my eyes while they ate!) I don't know if this pub is normally frequented by tourists, but we were the only non-locals in the room the night we were there, which certainly added to the charm.  The atmosphere was relaxed and encouraged lingering... which we did. We whiled away the entire evening in fact, my hubby hefting pints of ale while I became acquainted with Balvenie - a single malt scotch whisky which is now my favorite. And our tab for the entire evening was under 30 pounds! Amazing. Our visit to Kings Wark is one of my favorite memories of our two weeks in GB. I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Edinburgh/Leith.
1	hate to be a scrooge, but this place aint all that great.  been on various occasions, though just twice to eat and will say NO EFFING WAY the best fish and chips. deep sea, top of leith walk has the best, and ive had about 17 better. the first time we went for a sunday brunch we asked for the steak and onion baguette thingy. we asked if they could add cheese on and they said no. we said we would pay and they said no.  then proceeded to tell us that the only cheese they had wouldnt taste right melted. WTF. all cheese works on steak in my book.the second time i went was with about 5 others and i will give them a bit of credit as we were came a bit late for breakfast. they were out of nearly everything!!!! no shit. everything that was asked for they were out of. they did have the bagel and salmon. it was a sad pititful little bagel that i wanted to throw a life jacket around and give mouth to mouth to after before offering a new life with a family whow would love and cherish it.hope dianna wasnt our server cause whoever we had (this was the second week of september, 2008) was HORRIBLE. we had to practically reenact the sesame street "agua" "agua" 80's skit with the guy crawling through the desert just to get a glass of water. ages to get the bill and by that time we were the only ones there.SUCKO SUCK SUCK MCGEE. you are surrounded by wayyyy better places to eat and drink. shit, id even eat at the waterline 100 feet away before this place
4	Popped in for a late lunch mid-afternoon.  I LOOOOOOVED the fish & chips.  Service was great,  prices more than reasonable.  We'll be back and will bring friends.
4	Always a favourite; food at the King's Wark is invariably excellent and fresh. Last Friday proved a partial disaster though: our starters left too little room for us to finish the main courses...! Great mussels, usual tasty haddock and chips, and a lamb pie stuffed to bursting. Next time I'll fast through the day...Atmosphere is lovely too, when not too crowded with standing drinkers. The emphasis is on eating, although it's a charming place to view the world from the bar. Food prices are fine and portions substantial.
4	Since moving to Leith I have been in need of a place to meet my Sunday hangover munching requirements.Kings Wark has solidly taken up the mantel, you know its going to be worthwhile when you walk in at 2pm and they are still only serving breaky!Me and my fellow hangoveree took refuge at a corner table and nursed our fresh orange while perusing the menu!! My first thought was fry up but after reading the menu I was lead to the french roast withy bacon and syrup.Now all I can say it that it delivered, I mean its french toast so your are fairly limited with where you can go with it but it ticket all the boxes. For me that means plenty of everything, I hate a syrup scrooge!!!Looking at the menu it pretty much covers all the bases if I was going to have a moan Ild say i would like to see eggs benedict on there but thats just cause its my favourite!!In an oober hungover state we were also delighted to see a large free portion of toast and butter brought to us while we waited!!All in all great! Jd = happy man!
4	Nice traditional pub turning out interesting food (didn't eat there so can't tell you how it was).  Mixed crowd of young and old.  Fair amount of seating.
3	I've drunk here a reasonable number of times and have generally found the service to be good and the quality of the ales (only a couple of guests) the same. My girlfriend and I ate here on Saturday past though and whilst the bar food may not be up to the standard of the restaurant part it was weak enough to put us off trying the dining room in the future. My roasted veg & beetroot pastie came with good cauliflower cheese but was itself nothing special whilst the steak burger was a good size but apparently tasted like a frozen & processed one rather than the homemade experience expected. We'll be sticking to just the booze in the future.
5	The King's Wark does an excellent line in well prepared food, served in a traditional pub setting. The place is full of character, housed in one of Leith's oldest surviving buildings. They specialise in seafood, with their specials board usually proving very rewarding.Overall, we said: "I was delighted by the King's Wark. This wasn't my first visit, but I hadn't been along for a good while, so it was great to see their impeccable standards being maintained. In terms of food in a pub setting (pub grub really doesn't quite cover the excellence of what they serve), I can think of few places in Britain that do it better than the King's Wark. I would be very happy to eat here on a regular basis, as their ever changing menu of seafood delights is a guaranteed winner with me."
4	4 stars for feeding a visitor some cracking good haggis! This place was certainly popular. Everyone was looking for a warm place protected from the endless rain. They have good service behind the bar. Be sure to place all orders behind the bar also. Speaking of the bar, I didn't like Deuchars IPA. It was a bit too watery tasting for my enjoyment.Anyway, the haggis came with neeps (turnips) and tatties (potatoes). I'm only translating for visitors since I had these same questions. Great food, though the tatties were a bit bland. Compared to the spicy gritty haggis, maybe bland was needed as something different. Solid pub.
3	No complaints here, other than the pub was freezing. I had to sit with my day-glo cycling jacket on for three whole hours as my teeth chittered away between a wine glass. The door was left wide open for nippit Edinburgh air to cut through an otherwise cosy and traditional place. The seat I was on wasn't too comfortable either, but that probably wasn't helped by me sitting rigid with the cold. If it hadn't of been so bloomin' freezing I probably would have really liked this pub. It should have a great vibe to it...I kind of want it to be one of these old pubs with a Scottish wolfhound flopped down at the hearth of a cracking, cosy fire with his doggy nose on a sailor's booted foot. But it wasn't, because it was baltic. I wanted to imagine Robert Louis Stevenson penning Kidnapped in this pub, supping ale at a rickety table in the corner and looking out over the river for inspiration. But I couldn't, because I thought my fingers were going to freeze off. Food looked great. Must come back here to try grub. Remember to bring duvet to wrap self in.
4	On my doorstep I have this fantastic bar, lounge restaurant. It is an old fisherman's building and when inside you are transported into the late 18th century. Thick bare stone walls and hard wooden tavern tables. 3 separate areas. But you are able to eat in any of them. They've got a roaring fire that I tend to seek out in the cold rainy days. We had a pub meal. Forestiere mushroom & onion & rosemary soup laced with sherry.. mmm deliciously homemade! Mrs D and my friend had a pulled pork with creamy mash and I decided on a homemade rump burger and chunky farmhouse chips. All was perfectly cooked, the pork crackling was so good I almost (almost) wished I'd chosen the pork too. My burger was thick, it was clearly hand made and so dense it was almost a pate! No fillers here, pure meat for the lovers! We had some lovely IPA and 70-/- ale and Mrs D chose a sangiovese red. Afterwards a sticky toffee pudding with ice-cream was shared.. as we were all stuffed. Note of warning: It is very popular with the locals and not surprisingly so.Secondly their meal offerings are geared toward fish and seafood. As I am a not a fish eater due to allergies it is a bit limited for my taste but the wife was exited by the choices and is definitely going back for more and I will too  and take pork that time :o)
4	I really enjoying popping down to the King's Wark for lunch. It's so handy being right next to where I work at Leith. It's also a great haunt on a Friday night with the agency crowd. The bar area is quite small but makes it nice and friendly!The fish and chips are excellent but quite big portions. Defintiely go for their fishcakes and the chips are delicious.Great selection of drinks and friendly staff. Thumbs up from me! :)
2	I have been to The King's Wark once before, in December, and the party of 3 of us had an enjoyable meal. Food was great, atmosphere great, good service - so I was looking forward to my next visit.Wednesday evening - is it the new 'little Saturday'? It was surprisingly busy, but luckily my husband had reserved a table. Hmm.. the only table they had happened to be just near the entrance, so every time somebody came in there was a strong gust of wind and the poor candle on our table blew out (twice). My friend sat with her coat on the whole time!I asked if we could maybe move to a different table, but I was told that there were other people queuing for tables. Fair enough.King's Wark always have daily specials (fish and seafood). I was trying to decide between wild grilled trout and pheasant - I chose the latter.  Oh, I should have maybe gone for the trout.. The dish arrived eventually and it came with gnocchi, beetroot jelly and winter greens. Gnocchi was delicious, I think it was the best part of the meal. Beetroot jelly didn't really do much to the dish, rather than adding a little bit of colour.  The pheasant unfortunately was chewy and tough - disappointing. I didn't finish it, as it just wasn't pleasant to eat. Also it didn't have much flavour. I'm not much of a complainer (except on Yelp) so I thought that once they come to clear up the plates, I will let them know about the pheasant. However, busy as they were - this never happened. Nobody came to ask how the meal was. We paid and left. I'm still convinced that King's Wark offers great food. This was perhaps just a unexpectedly busy evening. I am hoping that my next visit will bump up the score to at least 3 stars or more :)
3	Star down. I visited this last Wednesday and yes it wasn't as good as my first visit.  Shame as I wanted to relive the experience. I called beforehand to see if any tables were available, they informed me there was only one - right beside the door. I was not too pleased on that but gave it a good go. On arrival we were surprised how busy it was. FULL on a mid winter wednesday evening? Good thing I 'reserved' the most infamous table of the place. When visiting do not sit right at that table..period. My friend had to keep her coat on during the time there. My wife kept wearing her scarf . On opening of the frontdoor  a gust of artic wind kept blowing out the candle on our table. The meal was affected by our uncomfertable position and my saddle of rabbit was served warm but due to the drafty conditions turned cold as soon as i picked up my fork to eat it. The place is great - when your seating is in a warm spot. Unfortunatly this time we didn't and it does prevent me from going here on a whim again.
3	I guess we wanted to really give the Kings Wark 3.5 stars, 4 for the food which was fantastic, but 3 for the service as we were pretty much forgotten about once we'd finished our mains.  It was cold and wet outside so we were in no rush to move on but after not being offered the dessert menu or tea/coffee for maybe 10-15mins, we decided to shout for the bill and make our own pot of tea back home.
4	Came for drinks. Awesome mussels!! Good vibe and friendly service. Beers are local and different. Loved it, would want to come back and try more food. Great location too.
4	Cozy friendly nice little bar. Big log burning fire is great at this time of year and tables near the low windows to watch the world go by. Would definitely come back and I want to try the good here.
4	The Shore has become the place to go for food when my parents are visiting, after all it's convenient for my flat and there's plenty of eating options in the area.  Plus, my mum's a native to Edinburgh and worked in the Newhaven and Leith areas for a few years, so she'll take any opportunity to go down memory lane!Last weekend, after a visit to the museum, we once again came down to the Shore and this time decided on The King's Wark. As we'd just been to see the Mary, Queen of Scots exhibition it felt appropriate to visit somewhere whose history, and name, is strongly associated with the Stuarts.The King's Wark, in common with several other pub/restaurants in the area, has a menu mainly focussed on seafood, along with haggis etc.  It's all reasonably priced, verging on pricey for the type of establishment, but given we were just about the only locals in the place (I say local, my parents live in Glasgow) they can probably get away with charging that bit more. That and the food tastes good too.I plumped for the seafood salad for a mains, whole shrimps, battered fish, Queenie scallops, squid etc, which came with a bowl of chips. Boy were those chips good! I don't know if they were triple-fried or whatever else, but they were crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside - perfect. The fish was okay, the main issue being that the shrimps hadn't been prepared so came complete with the vein. I suppose that's what you get for ordering whole shrimps, but it makes for messy eating.My mum had something that came with a deep-fried ball of black pudding, but for the life of me I can't recall what the main component of the dish was. Whatever it was she liked it. Dad had haggis (and a smaller version of my salad) and boyfriend had pulled pork, which he was suitably impressed by.  For pudding we couldn't resist getting a portion of the intriguingly named 'Coca Cola Cake' to share. Sticky and more like a steamed pudding than a cake, it was very good. Dark, like a chocolate cake, but not cocoay - the depth of flavour was something more, no doubt the Cola! It was very sweet, as expected, but I found myself eating more than my fair share. Yum yum yum.The King's Wark is perhaps not better than any of its neighbours, but it's still a very solid option on the Shore and steeped in history, if, like me, that's your thing.
4	The Kings Wark is always popular and with good reason - a 'proper' pub serving decent food at a good price.If you're set on going there for food it's worth booking at the weekends, but still possible to squeeze in if there's space.  Drinks are often a standing affair, but it's still enjoyable.One of my Leith favourites.
1	The opinions of another review site saying this place has gone downhill are not wrong. Just had a TERRIBLE meal here. I'm from Leith and I remember the glory days of this place when it set the example not only to the growing Shore scene but also that of pubs doing good good food all over town!... I've had my best ever fishnchips, best ever smoked haddock risotto, and many great girly lunches here over the years. But years ago, not recently. I came in about 2 months ago with a hangover for a decent Bloody Mary and decided food would be ok. But the battered fish was sswiimmmiinnng in fat and i could barely scrape the tiny bits of fish off of the horribly burned batter. Put it down to a bad day.This time we were very surprised to get a table at all as it was a v sunny night at 7.30pm  and the shore was very very busy. But we did, which now I know speaks volumes. The hot smoked salmon starter was a massive plate of salad leaves, giant chunks of very smoked salmon, an egg and 2 half stalks of asparagus. Not terrible but totally over saladed and inderseasoned, and far too large.For mains we had a salmon  risotto, which turned out to be savoury rice pudding with a salmon fillet plonked on top! Totally horrible. If your chef can't do risotto, don't offer it on the menu, The other was a scallop, crevette and squid salad main. First off the chips were forgotten and i had to go chase them, but when they were eventually brought they were barely cooked. The scallops tasted of NOTHING and the crevettes, although covered in herbs of some kind, tasted of nothing. The squid the same. This was a salad that was charged at more the double of the starter size version due to the addition of chips, apparently....the forgotten chips i had to chase that eventually arrived totally undercooked..To be fair, the waitress seemed keen to know why we hadn't eaten anything, but my dining partner had decided we wouldn't cause a fuss or scene. I still told her I'd not all enjoyed my main and that the late chips were totally underdone and generally i'd not had an enjoyable meal. We asked for the bill. She offered us a free coffee. and then ignored us for ages. Eventually we got to pay and leave. A full bill with nothing taken off.Someone in that kitchen, in control of it, can not cook and does not care. Someone somewhere along the line between kitchen and customer does not care about customer service. End of story.We won't be back, ever.
5	Ham hauges yes hauges were delicious! Served on top of rocket. Potato and leak soup very creamy but light and amazing! For dinner I had Ox over pasta with a tomato, carrot gravy....excellent and stick to your stomach delicious!We ate here 3 times!
4	Delicious pub food
