5	Great gym, and great staff...These guys are serious about getting you in shape -- no pools, racquetball or other "toys" to distract you. They offer a multitude of cardio and weight machines, plus plenty of free weights...The place is busy, but there is no shortage of equipment.They also have the best price around.
2	Well for one, I walked in to use my free trial membership. The dude started trying to tell me I was doing everything wrong.The record stops.... Excuse me. You are fat and I used to be but lost all the weight in a very healthy way. I guess I should take advice from someone who is fat. Even though I lost all the weight on my own.WTF? He was trying to push these crappy suplements and protein bars on me. Which btw have really bad ingredients.Then I tried taking a group class. 2 instructors, both .. you guessed it really fat.They didnt ever get my heart rate up because they were so out of shape they would stop before everyone else. Everyone in the class was looking around like, are you feeling this?I used 2 of my 7 free days because other than the bad form these people were teaching they all went around telling you that you dont know what you are doing. When in fact I trained with 2 personal trainers for over a yr one of them was in the top 20 trainers voted by Mens Magazine. Unbelievable, plus the membership cost the same as 24 hour which they actually have to be certified to be a trainer.
2	I love working out at Pure Fitness Scottsdale. Everyone is always very helpful, and is willing to give advice when asked.One thing I really enjoy, is my monthly re-program, where I meet with a trainer and see where I stand compared to the month before. In the past year I have worked with several different trainers, and they have all been very knowledgeable. I am currently working out with Elizabeth and she is the best!!!The class selection is decent, and I rarely miss the Tuesday night ab class.For parents- they do have an on-site daycare, so you can bring your kids to the gym worry free.Edit: Since writing this review I have switched clubs. I no longer work-out at the Scottsdale club due to a change in staff. As I no longer workout here, and was not happy when I left. I am changing my rating. Nothing personal, but that is how I felt when I left.
4	Overall I am happy with Pure Fitness.  I've belonged to 24 Hour off and on over the years and I am definitely more comfortable at Pure Fitness.....no 'scene' to deal with here.  Memberships are fairly priced, the Shea location is huge and very clean.  The trainers are a little aggressive, but that's how they make their money. Also, I do wish they offered more group exercise classes and some spinning classes.  If you're looking for a clean, modern place to just work out I highly recommend checking them out.
2	This place is all about the 'upsell'.  Once they get you in the door with their low memberships they start pumping their 'supplements' and personal training, which is their main revenue stream.  You have to be very assertive with them and tell them to back off, otherwise they will just keep coming after you to get you to buy their products and services.  This is the most aggressive gym I have ever been to in terms of their constant and relentless upsell efforts.  It can be a real turn off.
3	why does it smell like sewage at this gym?  Seriously, I have been going here for a while now (along with the Tempe location) and for the past month it has a pungent sewage odor.  Does no one else smell it?I have yet to utilize the classes b/c I am more of a loner when it comes to working out.  The equipemnt is fine.  I like the upgraded elliptical machines as well as the stairclimbers.  I wish they had more room for you to do lunges.All in all it is fine for a workout.  I stay clear of the personal trainers so no upselling for me yet.
1	i went here to workout with three of my friends who have pure fitness memberships hoping to get a free guest pass and was told that i eithera.) had to pay $10 to work out for one dayorb.) take a tour with this overly-musculared douchey looking guy who would show me equipment, do my stats (really tell me how fat and out of shape i was), set up a program, and try to convince me to join the gym.all i wanted to do was use the treadmill for an hour.for lack of patience and humiliation, i opted for a and i didn't wipe my machine after my run.
5	Great gym with some great equipment and a lot of room so it doesn't feel cramped. The locker rooms were in great shape and the staff was very friendly. The membership price is very reasonable and makes Pure Fitness one of the best deals in the Valley.
3	The good:  the reception desk is very friendly.  I like the greeting.  The equipment was fine and it had a bit of everybody so if you are gym rat or just trying to improve with a long way to go, you'll feel accepted.  This is the reason for the stars.The bad:  the place is dirty.  The clean up rags are dirty and the sprayers are usually empty.  You will see people sweating on the machines then walk away and nothing to clean up with.   Very gross.  They are little heavy on the trainer solicitation but a gentle no worked fine.Watch the month to month with no-sign up fee..  A loaded promise.  There IS a $50 passcard fee and in actual fact, unless you can notify them on the day before your 30s to expire, you will likely have two months left of gym membership left after notice so go into this thinking it is month to 2 months.
1	Seems a little small and cramped.  Location is ok, prices cheap.  Salesmen have a weird vibe- you can tell they have so many ulterior motives than to actually provide real customer service.
4	I've been a Pure Fitness member for a few years....so what can I say. The price is great, people are friendly, the facility is very clean and they have a decent class schedule (Love Zumba, yoga and kickboxing!). My only complaint about them is the pushy personal trainers trying to get you to buy training sessions, supplements and meal replacement bars/drinks. Once you get past that, you are golden!
4	Update: LA Fitness closed this location on short notice on 01/31/11.One employee indicated that it would re-open in May after rennovations.In calls to another LA Fitness, I was unable to confirm this.. or that a decision had been made by management. I am dissapointed at the lack of communication to their members... nothing even posted on their website.They are honoring membership at other locations. Expect the location at Gainey Village to be packed!This is now LA Fitness (all valley Pure Fitness clubs were bought out recently... 1-2 locations were closed).  As Pure Fitness, the rates varied from $10 to $19 per month (an upfront payment was required to get the $10 rate). LA Fitness has honored these rates for existing members, but I do not know what new member rates will be. LA Fitness has not made any major changes yet (hopefully they will improve things). The Good:   - Low monthly rates are the main attraction here   - A good selection of both free weights and machines    - Paper towels and spray bottles are usually provided to wipe down  equipment    - A wide variety of people workout here, so newbies might be less intimidated than a place with more muscleheads (ie: Golds, etc).   - About 4 fans are available in the cardio area - great for heavy sweaters (just make their placement doesn't bother others).The Bad:   - All the machines are now packed way too closedly together in order to create spaces for group training.  Awkward and potentially dangerous. The cardio machines need some maintenance... especially the ellipticals; belts need flipping on treadmills.  - If you like to pass the boring time doing cardio by watching TV, good luck. No individual TVs (cardio theatre) or even shared widescreens.About 6 suspended, small tube TVs that are difficult to see all typically stuck on 1-2 channels (this would be an inexpensive upgrade).- As others point, the push/hard sell  for personal training can get obnoxious at times. It hasn't been bad recently... don't know what to expect once LA Fitness gets ramped up... especially with the New Year coming up. Some of the group classes look OK... the quality of the 1-on-1 training really varies. Overall: This is a good gym if you just want the basics and an inexpensive monthly rate. I'll try to provide an update if LA Fitness changes things dramatically...
1	EDIT: THEY'RE CLOSED?!! I came to work out this morning. Recently bought out by LA Fitness, it appears that they shut their doors and cut the lights and didn't even notify their paying customer base. -----------------**** (4 stars)I'm not convinced all of the other reviews here are reviewing the same location; I'm posting this for the location near Scottsdale Rd and Shea Blvd. This is NOT a dump. It's a very nice, clean facility. I have no earthly idea why anyone would call this place a dump; I mean if these people really were reviewing the same place, assuming they didn't overhaul the place before I joined, I can't imagine what these people would think of an actually dumpy gym, because I've been in some real rat hole gyms before.This is a great place, I'm a very satisfied customer. Yes, as they are a business they WILL give you the long-winded tour, they WILL weigh you and, using condescending tones, convince you that you need a trainer, and they WILL try to shove protein up your nose (so to speak). This wasn't the first time I had experienced this; I had a similar experience at a 24-Hour Fitness in California. And to be quite honest, I almost wanted it .. I was able to just turn my brain off and wait for the hour or two to go by while they finished their sales pitch, I knew what they were doing, I knew I couldn't get around it, and at the same time I LOVED the idea that once this was all over with I could get access to a nice gym at only $20 a month.  Since I was in a financially uncertain future but knew I needed to get in shape no matter what, I pre-paid for one full year. They told me that because of this I get another six months free. Nice! That's 18 months for only like $240. The caveat is that after 12 months I'll get charged for another 12 months and I have to voluntarily ask them for a refund. They're a business, trying to take advantage of people's forgetfulness .. I can live with that, it's not like they were double-charging me. (Then again, what is this "maintenance fee" people speak of?)While membership is cheap, they make up for it in training and supplements sales. I tried Mountainside a couple years prior, they were flabbergasted by my questions about getting a trainer. I was shocked that they were shocked and took my business elsewhere. I took advantage of a trainer at Pure Fitness for four sessions (beyond the first two free training sessions). Four sessions cost me nearly $300, which is more than my 12 mo prepaid membership. Do I feel ripped off?  A tiny bit, but then again I know they are a business and I came willing.Their equipment is in decent (not great) condition; the cardio machines are hit-and-miss when it comes to successful heart rate detection. They have a lot of focused weight machines in the main area and a nice big area in back for free weights and pulleys. They do have classes but I don't take advantage of them. There are TVs in the main area, but they're old CRTs (not, say, plasmas) and they're all tuned to football, baseball, or golf, and not, say, Family Guy or some other non-sports channel, which I found disappointing as really don't get into sports.Stay out of this place during "rush hour" fitness periods (around 6:00 PM). It is disgustingly stinky and humid, with the air filled with body sweat. I nearly choked on it one day. If there's one big thing to complain about regarding their facilities it's that they don't ventilate the place as much as I wish they would.But overall I am quite satisfied with Pure Fitness.
4	THEY'RE CLOSED.It's true.  LA Fitness bought the Pure Fitness clubs in the Valley, and they decided to close some locations, including this one.  It's a shame, too, as this one was my favorite.They closed on Mon, Jan 31, 2011.  For those who liked this club, we're supposed to check out LA Fitness Paradise Valley (Tatum, south of Cactus), as it's the closest LA Fitness to the now-closed Pure Fitness.
