1	Food is outstanding. People that work there are horrible!!!! I understand being proud of your business, but these guys are just cocky and rude. The guys that work the cash register talk smack about the other locations in the state, are no help to the customer, and are so unprofessional. They also close early (over 20 minutes) if there are no customers. I went in 20 minutes before they closed and they already had the floors mopped, grill off, and the employees were in the back cussing. I went in and the person working said oh sorry we turned the grill off 10 minutes prior to me walking in. Then two people came in behind me and the employees cussed (the f word) at them to get out. Horrible staffing makes great food bad!!!
1	I received a coupon for joining the Corleones V.I.P. Club and another for my birthday for one free small sandwich. I usually go to the 16th st and Camelback one, but since they opened this one its closer to my house.I brought the coupon into the store and the guy behind the register stated it was expired. I didn't see the expiration and told them it was my fault, no big deal.I went home and printed my other free sandwich coupon and proceeded to call the Corleones and place my order for pick up. This is 20 minutes later, and I call in my order and the owner gets on the phone, has an attitude that I'm the same person and that he threw out my Philly cheese steak a few minutes earlier. The owner inquires about "what other, coupon" I have, with an abrasive tone, indicating I made one up. At this time I am very appalled that the owner of Corleones is actually talking to me like this and immediately ask, "is this how you treat all your customers," then proceeds to tell me he doesn't need my business, and hangs up the phone.Frankly this is a pathetic way to treat a long times Corleones customer, to say the least, I will not be recommending this place to anyone based on such horrible customer service by the owner himself and will be taking my business back to the 16th st and Camelback Corleones. Obviously this translates down to his employees and they will most likely see it OK to treat people like crap.This owner thinks he's too good to be cookin on the hot grill and servin Philly cheese steaks....c'mon buddy?
1	I'm going to echo pretty much what everyone else has said. The employees all seemed to have an attitude. Maybe it's a Philly thing and it's a part of their theme...?  The place is nice, however, half of the tables needed to be cleaned/wiped down from the last customer and it wasn't busy so... what's the excuse?The food however was awful. I had the wings as did my wife and they were cold and tasted like the kind you buy in the frozen food section at your local supermarket and then heat up in the microwave... At least they would have been hot if I had done it that way. My son had a slice of cheese pizza which was absolutely gross. It looked like it had been sitting for a day and had zero flavor whatsoever in addition to being like cardboard.Avoid.
4	Service was good, food was good, atmosphere was cool...very casual.  I ordered a steak sandwich wit cheese and onions.  This is the way its supposed to come (I don't know because I never have been to Philly but that is what they said).  I thought the sandwich was fantastic!  I wish there was a little more meat but the flavor was great, fries were great and it was worth stopping.  Not sure about the experiences with the other Yelpers but I did watch a show on a famous Philly place and they had attitude so maybe its the way it but I did not experience it.
4	I had noticed a new place had opened in the corner of the mall on the Northeast corner of the mall at Shea and Tatum.  It is interesting, I have lived in the neighborhood for ten years and have noticed a decade of transition for restaurateurs in one corner of the mall behind Z Teja and Paradise Bakery.  Most of the restaurants only stay for a number of months and are out.......................I believe that Corleone's has staying power.  I decided to try it out yesterday and had a terrific Philly cheese steak sandwich (made with Mozzarella as an option!).  The fries were high end typical restaurant fries - tasty!  They also serve pizza, salads, sandwiches, etc.The atmosphere was somewhat kitschy with a Philadelphia tie in.  The big cheese whiz cans attached from the ceiling brought a smile to my face.The food was really quite good.  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere is great for kids as well as adults.  The music was loud (maybe too loud for some), but overall I am grateful that I can have a great pizza and sandwich at a reasonable price (since my former favorite neighborhood restaurant took a slight dive in taste and subsequent ratings).See you again tonight for the $9.99 - 18" pizza.
4	These are definitely the best cheesesteaks outside of Philadelphia!  I am not sure why the reviews aren't that good other than the reviewers must not know what a true Philly cheesesteak is supposed to be.  Believe me, I grew up in PA, so I have eaten my fair share of Philly cheesesteaks.The restaurant are clean, the staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious!
5	I don't get how this place isn't rated better... I had an AWESOME original Philly wit wiz and onions.  My Sis-in-law had a buffalo chicken sandwich, that she really enjoyed.  The servers were so nice, they visited and brought a water gun for my nephew.  Great food, really nice people, five stars!
4	We had a Philly steak and a Philly chicken and both were fantastic. My wife loved the fries, I thought they were okay. They are very crispy so it's probably just a matter of preference. The restaurant was very clean and the staff was friendly, we will definitely return.Update: we returned the next day for two more philly steaks - yum!  While there I noticed someone getting a pizza and it looked great.  We returned again the next day and got a pizza and it was fantastic!  Also, they offered a nice toy to my son which made him a big fan - nice touch!  Highly recommend this place.
4	They are growing on me. My favorite Cheese steak place is Philadelphia Sandwich company in Old town. But Corleones just opened here and it's close AND they deliver. Been twice and food was good. And they do their fries well done. Unlike 5 Guys right around the corner in the same parking lot. Plus Corleones has an old Philly favorite- Tastykakes! YAY!!
4	Decided to try out Corleone's this evening, as I had noticed it last time I was in this shopping center.  They were super busy when I walked in, a guy apologized and said he would be with me asap, and he was hauling ass so I didn't mind.  They were understaffed and didn't have a cashier.I ordered a small (which was more like a regular-sized) cheesesteak with onions and american cheese, fries, and a soda.  Came out to about ten bucks as a combo with tax.  It was ready fairly quickly.  They had a small bar with pickles, banana peppers, giardiniera,  and what might have been pickled cherry peppers.  The sandwich was good, the bread was nice and soft, good chunks of grilled onion.  The fries were crispy and yummy.  Overall I enjoyed it, and I will be back again.
4	Pizza is great here, affordable, and fast. Friendly staff. I love the the cheesesteaks and sandwiches even more.  One of my favorite buffalo chicken cheesesteaks/sandwiches I've ever head, just the right amount of spicy!  I come here at least once a week and will continue.  My only complaint is the fans here are on super warp speed and tend to blow any loose papers or napkins around easily on your table.
1	When this location first opened, I thought they were great.  My last few orders, however, have been sub par, and the order that was delivered last week sealed the deal - I won't be ordering from this place again.  Last week's order consisted of fries, a cheesesteak and a pizza.  The order was delivered to my home, and when I opened the bag, the fries were literally dripping in grease.  So soggy you could squeeze the oil out.  Pretty much the worst fries I've ever seen from any caliber restaurant from fast food to high end, and completely inedible.  The pizza was so-so, and it looks like they changed something, maybe the cheese?  My three year old LOVES pizza and normally devours several slices - he picked at one slice and didn't even finish it.   I too am from the East Coast, and have had Philly cheesesteaks.  The cheesesteak I was delivered was not worthy of the title.  I notice other reviewers who actually dine-in at the restaurant enjoyed their food.  Maybe they just need to pay more attention to their delivery orders, or not offer delivery if they can't meet the same quality standards.
1	I have eaten at Corleone's previously and liked their food.  I ordered delivery through Eat24 this evening.  After placing my order, I received confirmation that the order would be delivered in 45 to 60 minutes.  After 65 minutes, I contacted Eat24, asking about the order.  The Eat24 representative indicated that he had been told that the order would take an ADDITIONAL 30 to 45 minutes to deliver!  At that point I indicated that I would cancel the order.  Apparently the Eat24 representative spoke again with the manager and by some miracle, the order would be delivered in 10 minutes.  So, the order did arrive in 10 minutes, but the person delivering was not apologetic for the delay and blamed the regular driver for the problem.  When I opened the order, it was incorrect.  I believe they need to work on their delivery problems before they offer this service if they cannot delivery a quality product in a timely manner.
5	I decided to try Corleone's Friday nite.  I was whining that there was no one out here who could make a good east coast pie with a thin crust.  The guy said he was from Jersey and that the pie would be great.  It looked like pizza hey I'm from New Have home of the best Pizza in the world.  When I bit it to my first piece I could have wept.  It was fantastic. Prices are amazingly reasonable and I am so happy that I found you guys!!!
3	This place is decent.  I would recommend the chicken cheesesteak and pass on the fries; the fries aren't that great.  Kids liked the chicken nuggets.
4	We found out this location is a nice walk from our home for a peacefull diner.  The food is great as is the staff.  Our last visit included hotwings.  While they tasted great, there needed to be some more heat.  The only other thing is they need pitchers of beer.
2	Was feeling in the mood for some NY style pizza, and this seems to be the only place anywhere close to my house that has a 16+ incher for a non-retarded price.Well, got the pizza and it's just so-so. Asked for extra sauce, and though the guy repeated that in my order it doesn't seem to have it. Doesn't matter anyway, as the sauce tastes like what you'd get in spaghetti-os. They also douse the top of the pizza with some not-very-good spice combination, so you can barely taste the cheese or crust.Oh well; guess that's what I get for wanting NY pizza from a place all about Philly.
1	If I could give this place no stars I would. Here is the story of my awful experience. I work near by this Corleone's and it's convenient to have a place that delivers since leaving for meals isn't always an option. We have ordered from Corleone's before and even though the price is WAY to steep for what you're getting we make the exception from time to time. Well this time I wish we would have just ordered a friggen pizza from up the street. I placed an order for delivery at 5:30pm. My place of business is about 15 minutes away, I was told when placing the order that it would take 45min to and hour, I figured "eh they're busy so it'll take a little longer" and brushed it off. After 1.5 hours passed I called back and spoke to the young lady who answered the phone. She let me know that the driver had just left and would be arriving any minute. A little peeved about the delay but still I understand what it's like to get busy and fall behind so I let that go. After ANOTHER 30 minutes pass we make another call and we are given nothing but excuses, that the delivery driver has been having car trouble etc. When asked to speak with the manager on shift I was placed on hold for 10 minutes. Now with all the time I wasted screwing around I could have had dinner from somewhere else by now and be done with it, but my card had already been charged according to the young lady on the phone. After being on hold for 10 minutes I hung up and called back. I shared a few words with the staff there about the incredibly long wait for my food and knowing that it has now been in a car for delivery for AT LEAST 45 minutes I asked for a refund of my money, the young lady complied with a refund and to bring fresh food for the inconvenience. Moments later a delivery driver shows up with a pizza in hand and announces that he was lost for 30 minutes, and instead of  calling just continued to drive around. Now, I didn't order a pizza only sandwiches were ordered. So he showed up TWO HOURS LATER WITH THE WRONG ORDER!I let him know that we had new food being prepared at that time. He replied with an attitude that he had to go back to the restaurant to get our meal, and it was his fault in the first place! At this point a coworker called into Corleones to even confirm any of our order information. The person on the phone began to argue with her, and told her that our meal couldn't be prepared because the kitchen was closed!! Needless to say this was BY FAR the worst customer service/dining experience I have ever had. I will NEVER be eating here again, and I will be disputing any charges made to my credit card through my bank. How this establishment is still in business with a work ethic such as this is beyond me. Save yourself the trouble, if you want any food in this genre just order Streets of New York.
3	This review is based on my most recent visit to Corleone's. I was greeted by the cashier who didn't seem too thrilled to be working. I ordered a cheeses teak sandwich wit onions and cheez whiz since they say this is the traditional PHILLY way to order a cheese steak sandwich. The sandwich came with fries and a drink. This steak sandwich looked very tasty with the cheese oozing out of the sandwich. The french fries were awesome and had a nice crunch to them. Onto the sandwich....I thought it had a good amount of meat but the imitation cheez whiz didn't do it for me and waaay too salty!I noticed a few other guests were ordering the pizza and that looked amazing. I will give Corleone's another chance but next time I will try the pizza or swap out the cheeze whiz and replace provolone cheese.
5	This Jersey pizza snob has finally found a great pizza in Phoenix! Nice to be able to enjoy local instead of waiting to travel back east. And delivers too!
4	I had not visted a Corleone's but moved recently & this was close. We went in on a Tuesday Night - & I heard the lady in front of me order the Tues.Special.  1 Reg Size Get 1/2 free - That seems like a plan. This was the BEST Sandwich I have had in years hands down. We shared a order of fries - Hand cut- Crispy and good- The Bread is so good on the Sandwich too. GREAT Deal- and GREAT Food. I'm a Fan (Esp on Tues Night) Yum
5	My husband I love this place for a few reasons. 1-they deliver! 2-original philly cheese steak sandwich! We also love their wings! We usually get delivery but we've eaten inside a few times too. Haven't had anything I didn't like so far (knock on wood)
5	Food is always good. Pizza is great for the price. They are always very friendly. Cory is great.
4	We wanted pizza and wings delivered at 11:00. We were told they started delivering at 11:00 but would do the best they could. 11;03.....hot pizza and wings at our office.  And both were delicious!   They were super helpful and nice.  Our new go to pizza place for the office!
4	Best and most authentic Philly Cheese Steak in Phoenix!  And they have Peroni!Try it!Only downside-  no table service. Bummer for those of us who want more than one Peroni.
2	Average at best - nothing separates this food joint from a run of the mill fast food. We only tried Philly cheese steaks and salads. Great Decor and clean are the best attributes. No reason to hurry back...
2	We have gone to this establishment a total of 4 times.  3 of the 4 has produced in inaccurate orders.  We are entertained by the theme but extremely annoyed by the service.  We have never ordered anything off the menu but these cooks seem to not know their own menu.  Additionally we ordered a combo, drink, fries and sandwich for myself but when my husband did the same thing but said he wanted a beer the clerk charged him for a beer and drink.  We realized the mistake after we ordered as my husband only wanted a beer, no other drink the clerk said belligerently we asked for both.  Really?  Isn't that his job to ask about what drink he wanted?  So why was 3 drinks appropriate for 2 diners?  Regardless we paid and have remembered to never go back.
1	Ordered online from Tatum store at 6:30, expected delivery by 7:30.  I called store at 8:00 and told the order was out for delivery and should be there any moment. I cancelled order at 8:20. Almost 2 hours and poor attitudes on the phone....must be so busy they didn't need my order.   I received an online survey request and happily obliged.  Manager/owner sends an email and says they never received my order and that's the reason for the mix up.  Offered a gift card, which I appreciated and declined.  I live less than 5 minutes from this store. Will not return.
1	Can not pay for delivery with a Corleone's gift card so  REALLY!!  had to go pick up got there late still had to wait 15-20 min the guy on the phone was cool but the bottom line the pizza taste like card board and the wings put it this way i got 48 wings and 2 large pizza's for 6 people they all had a slice and a wing or two after that no one would touch it bottom line Corleone's sucks!!!
2	Right off the bat, I want to let everyone know that I enjoy their food. However, as with most of the other Yelpers, I have to agree that the service is lackluster at best. As for the food, I really enjoy their Turkey BLT sandwich and their cheese fries- soo good! And by the way- they have buy one get one free regular sized sandwiches after 4PM on Tuesdays, meaning that two sandwiches, two drinks, and two bags of chips are only around $10. Slammin' deal. However, each and every single time my boyfriend and I come here there is ALWAYS an issue with the service. For example, one Tuesday we came here and ordered the BOGO sandwiches. Mine was the Turkey BLT with everything on it and his was the Turkey BLT minus the lettuce and tomato. We waited nearly 50 minutes to get our food which was absolutely outrageous considering that there were maybe 4 other occupied tables in the restaurant. Not to mention when the food came out, my boyfriend's sandwich had lettuce scraps on it (the lettuce is shredded). No, they didn't put lettuce on by mistake and leave it there, they put it on the sandwich, must have realized that it was incorrect and then haphazardly picked it off. This is what really bothered me. If you make something incorrectly, make it again. For all they know, he could have had an allergy to the lettuce (which he doesn't, but still the same principle applies) and he could have gone into anaphylactic shock. Not cool. Whatsoever. But since he's not allergic to lettuce, he just spent a good five minutes picking the remnants away. Another Tuesday we came here, and it was a night where the Flyers (Philadelphia's NHL team) were playing in the first round of the playoffs. The place was at about 1/4 capacity. Being a Philadelphia-oriented restaurant, we were shocked to see telenovelas playing on TV. So, after we ordered, I got back in line and waited my turn to get to the front counter. Once I got there, I politely asked the guy working there if when he had a chance if he could turn on the Flyers game. He looked me dead in the face and said "Yeeeeeah, that's probably not going to happen..." Shocked, I said ok and walked back to our booth. One of the patrons behind me must have said something to the guy because he walked over to our table and mentioned something about how he told him what channel the game was on. So rude and belittling. Not to mention we waited another 30 minutes for our food. The third time we came here, my boyfriend ordered cheese fries to go and THAT'S IT! He waited 25 minutes for french fries and a cup of cheese wiz. Really? And not to mention, they must have sat the to-go bag down on a wet counter because as we were carrying the fries into our house from the car, the soaked bottom of the bag tore and our fries ended up on the floor. Really not cool. At all. Overall the service sucks, but the food is good. Oh, and just a tip for you guys, if you feel like you're going to want Corleone's for lunch, order it at 9:30 AM for it to be ready on time.
4	We visited Corleone's for the first time tonight because it was 50% off everything when you show your smart shopper card.  We got a large pizza (which can comfortably feed at least four adults) and 1 dozen BBQ wings with 1 dozen mild wings, topped off with a pitcher of Kiltlifter.  They have two beers on tap - Miller and Kiltlifter and four-ish types of bottled beers that are mostly of the Bud Lite variety.  The pizza was delicious -- large, hot and with a warm crust that was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The chicken wings were good -- I'm not generally a chicken wing person but I loved these.  The staff were friendly and accessible.
2	Let me just say that I gave them 2 stars because the food is so good. But that's it. The service is always lackluster when we eat in so I thought to try and have it delivered. I ordered a kids chicken nugget meal, 3 sandwich's and a salad online and it took them an hour and 15 minutes to deliver it and I only live about 3 miles away. Then when I finally got my food I was missing a sandwich. So I called and the guy said "oops we forgot to enter that sandwich, you're close by, we'll have it there in 15 minutes."  40 minutes later I still had not received the sandwich, so I called again. This time I was told their driver got lost on another delivery and it would probably be another 20 minutes.  So it was 2 hours and 15 minutes from the time I placed my order till they finally got me all of my food. Ultimately the driver apologized but the guy I talked to on the phone didn't care after I called again, after the 2 hour mark very upset. This was the last straw for me. I will not be eating at this establishment again.
1	Decided to give them another shot.  Family in town and they wanted a cheesesteak.   Ordered at 6:00 I gave up and cancelled at 8:00.  Just left the house for Panda Express.   Someone please tell them to stop their delivery service.
3	Great sandwiches but with attitude.  I'll return because the quality is great but I think the place next to Vig could improve on greater customer Svc and a sensitivity to building it's base.
5	Love this Corleones location. Always go for hot wings and a slice of pizza. The staff is friendly and funny, and really make the place feel like an authentic Philly restaurant. I've had the "Original" whiz sandwich and love that too, just a lot of food! Also great for a quality and speedy delivery if you don't want to leave the couch!
1	Food is good but the customer service is horrible they have never deliver the right order in the four times that I've attempted to try this place
5	This place is great, from the cheesesteaks to the pizza everything is good! Anyone that is complaining about attitude is clearly not from the east coast nor has ever visited the east coast...go to Philly and see if you don't get a little attitude in a restaurant...I'd be offended if I didn't get my meal with a side of attitude! People need to stop being so sensitive...
1	I saw the good reviews on yelp and thought I'd give it a try. I will never go back. I had a slice of pizza, topped with meatball and mushrooms and a half order BBQ wings. The meatball looked like it was frozen meatballs and you can tell the mushrooms weren't fresh like they were from a can! The BBQ wings were unevenly warmed up. There were spots that were hot, some spots that were lukewarm, and some spots that were cold. I ended up not even eating all of it AND I got sick! I can't believe I paid as much as I did for that food.
1	Took almost two hours to deliver 2 sandwiches and 2 sodas. The food was cold, and the driver did not even apologize. Then he almost for ot the drinks. The worst part was that a tip of $7 was added when the order was placed. They have very poor service and their food is below average, I would choose another place to order from if I were you.
1	I'm extremely upset with Corleone's. I waited 2 hours for my delivery order and he didn't have change that I really needed. They lost a loyal customer
1	Waited two hours for delivery. NOT COOL. tipped beforehand when i ordered. I called the person said they only had one driver and they had a huge catering order. You need to plan better. Lost a regular customer.
1	BEEN HERE twice with in a week. On my second visit found a hair in my Philly cheese steak took it back to the front and showed them and  they didn't even care just took it back didn't even say sorry or anything. Last time I go there
3	Food here is pretty good-does remind me of back home.The pizza is seemingly cooked in brick oven and you can tell its made with fresh dough, good mozzerella cheese, etc..I really like their cheese fries also. Problem is as others have noted expect like 2 hours for delivery. Kind of ridic, if they can get service up to food level place would be a hit!
2	Usually great food, delivery takes a little longer, but this bad review is for tonight.  I ordered at 7:01 PM, got a call from the manager at 8:05 telling me they were having problems with their driver it would be another 30 minutes.  That's cool, he even credited my account the money.  over an hour later, no food and they're closed.  If the manager had just told me they couldn't deliver the food I would have gotten something else.  Now I'm really hungry and cranky.  Fuck you.Update: Food came at 9:45, grand total of 2 hours and 45 minutes to deliver one sandwich.  I understand things happen, drivers quit, people get sick...then don't take my order.
5	I wasn't sure about this restaurant at first.  In fact, I hesitated before going in but every time I have been in (twice), the service has ranged from average to exceptional.  The cheesesteaks are delicious!  I'm a picky eater and I'm difficult to impress.
