5	The perfect grocery store for the quick trip, Fresh & Easy is just that.   It's loaded with fresh meat, fish, cheese, produce and even flowers and super convenient to get in & out of.The thing I like best about this store is the intelligent design of it (the architectural nerd in me).  The take away meals, fish, meats, produce & milk are all towards the front of the store.  It's designed with the convenience of the consumer, not the profit of the store, in mind.  Knowing that the majority of their shoppers will be quick in, quick out people, they have more self-check stations than cashiers.  Just awesome.The place is pretty spartan on the inside that kinda gives the impression of a mini sam's club type place.  It's not brightly colored of fancily decorated.  No giant picures of freshly watered apples that look nothing like the produce on the shelf.  No gimmicky displays.  Good.  Another thing I love is that the food is even set up for the on-the-go person.  Being someone that lives alone and usually just cooks for myself, I hate having to buy big packages of chicken or beef when I'm going to cook just one.  They have individually packaged steaks!  How awesome is that?!   It's also very organic-y friendly.  Everywhere I looked I saw organic this & organic that.  They even have 3 kinds of tofu.  3 kinds!   I didn't know tofu had kinds.The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's not especially convenient for me.  It's a good 10 minutes away, but in checking out their website, it appears one will be moving 2 miles down the road from me.  I can't wait.
4	I ventured the 10 miles to this store as I could not wait for the one to open near my house.  It was definitely worth the drive.  The first thing I noticed was the fact that there were not ads all over and busy clutter overwhelming your senses like regular grocery stores.  Sean M. hit it on the head, it is a lot like a small warehouse store.  They have all the usual staples your supermarket has, even cleaning and pet supplies.  BUT what makes this place special are the good quality food items at very reasonable prices.  The produce is prepackaged but it is all such good quality you won't be getting just one good tomato out of your pack of four.  They have berries, herbs, vegetables, prepackaged salads and their own dressings.One warning about the prepackaged food, do not assume that this food is fresh and HEALTHY.  The few meals I picked up packed quite a fat and calorie punch.  I am not one to complain when fat is used for flavor, but just be aware that you are not necessarily getting low fat food here.  Speaking of which, I bought the truffle mousse that is made with chicken liver and duck fat and I seriously would consider spreading this on wood and eating it the stuff is so good. Its not even remotely good for you, but its DELICIOUS.  They have a lot of wine here that appears to be bottled or imported specifically for Fresh & Easy.  They also have a lot of varietals you don't see as much in your grocery store for really good prices.  I bought a bottle of Italian Primitivo for $5!  I haven't tried it yet but for $5 I couldn't pass it up.The checkouts are self serve but the employees bag for you and also are right there to assist if you have any problems.  I don't know about you, but I played store when I was a kid, so the self checkout is kind of fun.  Buying alcohol slows you down as you have to have an employee come over for the age verification.I give this 4 out of five stars because I think the self checkout is great for me, but not great for everyone.  There were some folks who were noticeably put off by the system.   Also, the beer selection is pretty bad.  They have a nice selection of wines but just your usual green bottles for imports and the crappy macro domestic garbage.If you want to see what I bought, here ya go:http://www.flickr.com/photos/dulamae/sets/72157603476018629/
5	I mean, have you had that mango lemonade stuff?  Amazing.  So is the cottage cheese and hummus.  And so is everything else.  It's so bright and clean feeling.  The prices are great.  It was like a breath of fresh air.  Even the minimalist packaging is appealing.  It's sort of like IKEA with food because there is something appealing about the way everything is laid out that is eye-catching and soothing and simple.  I wish I lived closer so I could ride my bike there each evening to grab a take-away meal for dinner.  This place is literally Fresh and Easy.  I am in love.  Also they have Tecate.
5	I like the fresh and easy near me, well kinda near me on Dysart.But after telling a few folks about the place they say they do not find it. So as I was driving bye today, I can see why. The sign is so small and from the street not really noticable. This is too bad.
3	This place is interesting.  Organic products next to crappy over prossessed stuff?  I did think the prices on everyday items was lower than the traditional grocery store.  I was surprised to find that there are no cashiers and everything is self check out.
3	Fresh & Easy is owned by my favorite parent company that is based in the United Kingdom (UK) called Tesco's.Tesco's is the type of place where everything is housed - electronics, food and sometimes furniture....in addition to selling house insurance, car insurance and phone plans.  What else do they sell?  Probably a lot more, but since I relied on buses and trains during my stay in the UK, I never paid attention to that stuff.I was so excited when I heard Fresh & Easy was opening -- I fell in love with Tesco's when we lived in Scotland.  I started dreaming of their pre-packaged meals - chicken tikka masala, buttered chicken and their chili.  I couldn't wait for their selection of yogurts to hit...and I secretly hoped that they would sell BRITISH Cadbury's chocolate, not the american version of Cadbury's.Tesco's has always been known for great bargains, so it's no surprise that people love the fact that they're so cheap. Tesco's relies on freshness of produce and the fact that they're bringing a European way of shopping to the valley.  Since everything is fresh, you can't quite stock up on things and eat them in the next 2 weeks.  Oh nooo...things must be consumed within 2-3 days or it'll go bad...fast.  No preservatives, no additives...nothing.  Just plain natural.  No genetically modified foods.  Unless you purchase the oreo cookies.  ;)Back in the UK, I loved their prepackaged/pre-fab meals because it was so easy to buy and frankly, so cheap. It's one of the things I miss about living in the UK - cheap, healthy pre-packaged food.So I ran to Fresh & Easy and purchased their pre-packaged foods -- butter chicken, mango chicken, chili and rice, some desserts and a slew of other things. (I wish they would have their tesco custard and strawberry trifle...*drools*)  I was a bit disappointed really. I was hoping the food would have more taste, even though I heard a woman raving about the butter chicken.Their prepackaged food really relies heavily on the rice making up for their skimping on sauce and chicken or whatever is supposed to accompany the meal you've purchased.I found Belgian chocolate, but sadly...no british Cadbury's. Been hankering for a Cadbury's Fruit and Nut bar and Cadbury's Milk Chocolate...I shall wait and hope in vain.I gave Fresh & Easy 3 stars because it's a no frills, pared down place; additionally, I'm hoping they will expand their prepackaged food section to include chicken tikka masala and some other british staples that I think will be well received with the American palate.PS -- Whatever you do, stay away from their mint water. I'm not kidding. Stay away from it. It tasted nasty...and my stomach has yet to forgive me for it.
4	On advice from a friend I decided to finally check out the local Fresh & Easy. It had the feel of a small neighborhood market where you see the same people every week and the staff comes to expect your return. I liked that. I found the selection of food that I eat was pretty good. They had an okay produce selection( everything was pre-packed in fresh&easy bags, which I am not sure if I liked. It made it seem less "fresh".), a good meat and poultry section, and a fantastic pre-packed meal section. As an example I sampled chicken Alfredo dish, and after it deliciousness I decided to buy it. The meal was about $4( not bad). The expiration dates on most of the food in the store was a week out. The market is really acting like the place you buy for the week and eat your food fresh. Also, the market boasts no artificial flavors and hormones on their meat, poultry, fish, and other dishes. It is all self check, which is fine for me, but I could see some having issues with that. A staff person actually came up to me and scanned my items for me. For a weeks worth of food, my bill was $25, plus The give you a $5 coupon of your next weeks purchase. ( My coupon is good till next Friday). Another "neighborhood market" type of marketing.I see myself returning here. The selection is not as big as Fry's or Bashas, but serves most of my daily food needs.
4	They've added new things to their menu and now I'm an even bigger fan of them. My only complaint is that their servings are huge - they say it feeds one person, claiming it's a single serving. Yea, it's a single serving -- for TWO people.I'm currently loving their new selection of pastas and sauces. They've added in chicken masala in their prepackaged meals. I still find their butter chicken a bit on the bland to flavorless side. How I wish they would bring their chicken tikka masala from the UK.The one that prevents me from giving them 5 stars is the nature of their dishes with rice - there is usually more rice than say, chili, as an example. I end up wasting food and I can't stand doing that. They are always generous with the rice but never the main part of the dish. I'd like more mango chicken with my rice, plzkthx! Are you listening F&E?I'm not too fond of their chicken or carne asada burritos. I don't know if it's the spicing, but for me it seems a bit off - and they tend to contain too much rice and beans for me. Maybe if someone tries their burritos, they can tell me.Their desserts are decent, but again, they're not single serve items. They are far too big for it. I eat a "single serving" of tres leches cake in 4 days.I do find bargains in the fruit that's about to expire. I feel that paying $3+ for pre-cut fruit in a small-ish plastic container a bit much. I go on the day/day before that the fruit is to expire and purchase it for $1.40 - the cheapest I scored it for was $.75 and it lasted 5 days past the due date. Sorry, leftover college day moments there.  DOH. Plus, I'm lazy as all f*ck about cutting up my own fruit.I'll be updating as F&E starts unveling new products for me to taste.
5	I stop here for the ready made sandwhiches for lunch, burittos for breakfast or for something for dinner on thge way home.  The produce is good along with the meats. All reasonably priced.
4	I am so very lucky to have F&E on my corner! My neighbor works there and is always bringing us goodies and coupons. It's perfect when we need to just "run to the store real fast". I love their meats but I do find the produce pricy and to be honest... sometimes I just don't need 3 zuchini. They carry just about everything I need on a weekly basis. The prepackaged meals are decent but 99% of the time I'd rather cook my own. I grab them if I know time will be short for dinner that night or whatever. All of the F&E brand packaged foods and drinks I have tried have been great. The peanutbutter granola bars... wow. =) The drinks are awesome *ahem* mango lemonade! They also cary a variety of major name brand stuff as well. They have a decent wine selection with fun stuff to try on a regular basis. It's always clean, the staff is always friendly and helpful. It's self check out but the majority of the time some one will come and scan or bag for you... sometimes you get both! This place makes me smile.
4	I'm going to start frequenting this Fresh & Easy and doing a better job of price comparison with the Fry's supermarket across the street. I only did a cursory shopping trip for my maiden voyage but was pleasantly surprised by the selection and prices offered here. I am hoping there will be some coupons coming my way by e-mail since I signed up for the mailing list on-line.And I only popped in here to get some toilet paper! I ended up with a whole buncha stuff including noodles and beer. Now I will have to return to check out their deals on New York steaks, because I only spotted the promo ad while leaving the store. It's kind of nice that the place is unobtrusive and understated. I'll be back... and it'll be well before I run out of buttwipe.
4	My grocery list invariably reads something like this:  A buttload of various meats and cuts usually based on what's for sale, a ridiculous amount of eggs, a crapload of a bunch of different types of vegetables, the occasional staple or dairy product.The meat here is decent and priced fine, as are staples and such.   Their prepackaged veggies don't have the prices or variety to really suit my needs but they're okay in a pinch.  The bagged salads are better priced than most places.  The bf likes coming here because his creamer is always on sale and only likes their strawberry yoghurt.  I like coming here because when he gets crabby I can stuff one of their ever-present free samples into his mouth.  But the best reason by far to shop here is the clearance section.  Seriously, how freaking amazing is it that I can buy a whole roasting chicken for $1.42?  I like to go and buy up any decent looking clearance meat I see and put it straight into the freezer at home.  I sometimes get vegetables or try their premade salads and such (all good so far) from the clearance section if I know they'll be used soon.  This reason alone is why I freaking love this place.I kinda wish I didn't tell you about the clearance section.  I already have enough competition from crazy old ladies that seem to hover there all day waiting for a salesperson to put something in there.
3	LOCATION: Not in a shopping center for once! Stand alone grocer.PRODUCT: What irks me about this place is that EVERYTHING even the produce is pre-packaged in plastic bags in set portions. What a waste of plastic bags. OMG. Can't they just put out the produce like every other normal grocery store? Not impressed with this place in terms of quality and price and definitely not on the list of grocery stores on my usual grocery store route. PERKS: You will find good deals in the discount section but you have to go in the morning to get the good stuff. Good sandwiches, pasta dishes, fruits, veggies, meats to grill that day. Awesome deals actually and good quality. They even had fresh figs one time!PARKING: No issues in the grocer parking lot. CONCLUSION:  Good to stop by once in a while to check out their discount section for excellent stuff but other than that nothing spectacular compared to other grocers in the area.
4	I really love Fresh and Easy, the name says it all. Fresh and Easy. Never a Line always fresh. The southwest tuna salad, chicken salad and italian pasta salad are perfect and you cant forget the tiramisu. I guess the best thing is fresh food, good selection easy in and out. Give it a try
4	I used to use their weekly coupon at the Frys across the street due to the fact the accept competitor coupons. But then I finally checked out Fresh and Easy.They offer a lot of everyday low prices that usually are cheaper than other grocery stores. I especially like that their packaged meals are free of preservatives.Also every once in a while I'll find an amazing deal in their clearance food section that I cannot pass up.All in all I have become a regular at this Fresh and Easy.
4	Great place when you want to avoid your usual large/overcrowded grocery stores. When you want ONE item...you run in and out. Self check out is great, but when it scans something and there is an error...it's very annoying. My boyfriend had to have a lady rescan his entire cart all over again.  I love the premade meals. The Pasta Carbonara is amazing. The salmon and potato meals are really good as well. The only concern I has is that the bakery goods go bad very fast. It's only the Fresh and Easy brands. Also, they just don't taste very good. Love the mini salads they have at the end of the isles. Lot's of different pasta salads and cheese trays yum.
3	I call this place Stale & Inconvenient. Why? Because I'm an ass... but seriously, why can't they just have loose produce like every other freakin grocery store? UGH.
5	I go here at least 3 times a week. For a single person, the pre-made meals are fantastic. The pasta is always great, and I always get the salmon filet with brown rice and vegi - for $6 you just can't beat it.  Throw in microwave for a few minutes for a quick healthy meal. I regularly buy produce there. The fresh and easy Greek yogurt is the best. The fresh grapefruit juice is always a fav. They have a great selection of nuts, trail mixes for a great price. Their meats are always great- the chicken breast is always perfectly cut. Go to their website and sign up for weekly coupons- they email me coupons that make shopping there very affordable.  $5 off when you buy $25 of groceries - a great value!
4	This is a great store for a quick shop, though the selection is limited.  For the most part produce is pre-packaged, so you won't find any that can't easily be placed on a shelf (cantaloupe, cabbage, whole brocolli, bananas, corn on the cob).  No complaints - it's a simple "grab and go."  Nice offering of heat and eat dinners.  Cans, non-perishable boxed items and the baked goods are are usually the Fresh and Easy brand.  The meat selection is good but again limited.  My favorite is the chopped meat which has excellent flavor (not the Cooks' brand).  Most recently I tried the strip steaks, which I usually don't buy, preferring ribeyes, t-bones or porters.  My husband put them on the grill while watching pre-season football.  The steaks lost!  Done, done!  Dry as a bone, but not tough!  Doing a "re-play" this weekend!  Look for weekly coupons.
4	Good select of private brands and National ones. Great heat and eat family meals.
4	When I feel like switching up my usual shopping routine this is a good place for me to go. i can find things here that i cannot get at frys or Safeway. Pre packaged things are nice when I know I'm going to be lazy in the kitchen or if i have a picky eater to deal with. Make sure when you are buying things you check the expiration date. Things will not last as long because they are freshly packaged. Gotta make sure you will eat them and not throw your money away letting them sit in your fridge to long. Good prices for good unique items. One of the only places I can get mango salsa, kale chips, Rose Champagne and avocados all in one stop :)only open till 8 or so!
4	Every time I shop, I'm reminded scanning and bagging your groceries is NOT the "Easy" part.  Thank goodness for the helpful staff!
5	I'm a huge F&E fan, and am so relieved they've not closed my store here at Alma School & Elliot. I use the coupons, the rewards program, the Made For Me custom coupons...love shopping here.  Produce is good, prepared meals are not bad, prepared salads are really good, both are reasonably priced. I love the clearance sections, refrigerated and not, because I get fantastic deals and can try new things affordably! A 24-case of bottled water here is the best price outside of the big box stores. I buy nuts, chocolate, wine, produce, meat, cheese, quinoa, frozen fruit, ice cream, salads, prepared meals, cereal, veggie chips....well, a lot of different things. I like the self-check, and an employee is always nearby if needed. I just wish they opened earlier in the morning!
5	Fresh and Easy is by far the best Grocery store in existence.  A peculiar note: even the shoppers at Fresh and Easy treat you better than at Fry's or Bashas'.This is the closest F&E to My church, so i go here fairly often, to pick up Sunday lunches, and now that they are open til midnight, ill be able to go after Sunday and Wednesday nights too!The food is always fresh, and they usually have some really awesome deals, especially in their discount section.
5	I can not say enough good things about  Fresh & Easy! They have a great selection of high end meats and better products than the big box stores at good prices. I cooked a prime rib that I got from here a few weeks a go and it was the best I've ever had!! I do want my $5.00 off of $25.00 coupon back though!!
5	The nicest and freshest, fresh and easy in the state. I drive out of my way to go specifically to this one.  Even if they're having a bad day, you could not tell, always willing to lend a helping hand! Thanks
5	We love Fresh & Easy! We shop there about 3 times per week and they have great customer service and have all quality products. You get to check yourself out but there is always someone there to help you unlike a lot of the big chain grocery stores when they are hard to find or too busy. We appreciate the fact you can get in and out quickly. Now they are opened 24 hours and will start carrying Wild Oats products which are natural and organic products. Great news!
5	Thank you for saving our Christmas meal ingredient scavenger hunt!! Stay open on Christmas and save more dinners!
