4	I'm feeling a little inspired since I've been up all night listening to Slug (from Atmosphere) , so I think I'm going to rap this next review...Wanna Hear it, here it go.(While you read this just think of a phat bass line with some cool scratch effects wherever.ever..ever.ever...you see fit)Yo Uh! Yeah! Cherry House Chinese  The freshest dishes at prices that pleaseOrder some shrimp lo mien know what I meanFresh as can beNo OD on MSG.. ya seeAnd spicy chicken for meOoooh Owww! that's hot And Tasty toowith a ton o veggies out the potand a pile o rice...trueYeaYah..understoodBig Portions, hot flavors..and the freshy freshfresh ...its all good.Chicken Wings..crispymouth watering crunchGood with the mealor save em for lunch6 for only $2.99...Full belly and the change is mineCherry House Chinese.... You get my vote  with ease.-But seriously its really damn good. Fresh shrimp in the Lo Mien, not too much flavoring, (it had just enough), but you know how some Chinese places OD on the MSG, not here. And the portions are huge. Cherry House is inexpensive,scrumpt-didly-umptious, and they deliver. The Spicy chicken came with a ton of rice, not as much chicken as I would have liked but still very good, and spicy, watch out for the chili peppers, they'll burn ya.
2	So, I ordered Cherry House because it is the only Chinese place that delivers to my apartment complex and my boyfriend insisted we eat Chinese food for the opening ceremonies of the Olympics.  Yep, he's a big dork.  I couldn't decide what I wanted so I went with my standard veggie lo mein while the bf ventured out and had the Cherry Special Chicken.  We also got the standard egg rolls and crab rangoon.Well, the lo mein, first of all, was not lo mein at all.  It was actually chow mein and that did not really work for me since I prefer the wide, flat noodle usually found in lo mein dishes.  It was fairly bland and the veggies were scarce.   I mean, c'mon, it's veggie lo mein!  Give me something here!  The crab rangoon filling was nothing short of disgusting....it tasted like either ricotta cheese or curdled, mealy cream cheese.  Yuck!The Cherry Special Chicken, however, was pretty darn tasty.  I ended up sharing with the bf because his food was way better than mine.  The sauce was a sweet/spicy combo and the chicken was tender and perfectly fried (i.e. not too greasy).  The only downside:  the cherries were of the marischino variety and tasted just like what you would expect: like they came from the bottom of a Shirley Temple.  Overly sweet and not so appetizing.  A mixed review all in all.....maybe if I branched out and tried something different, but I think next time, I will just go pick it up from somewhere else.
4	I really like this place because it has a more unique and exotic selection than most Chinese restaurants.  I've always been a big fan of sesame chicken and this place really does it right.  I know that doesn't sound very exotic, but it's what I like.  They get your food to you very quickly, which makes it a nice place to come if you're in a rush.  The only real down side is that the dining area is kind of small to actually sit and eat in, but it's perfect for take out.
3	While Cherry House might not have the most exquisite Chinese food ever, it's solid and cheap. It's one of my favorite buffets. They have a great deal for their takeout lunch buffet...it's around $4, and they give you the takeout box. You fill it up as much as you can! As long as you can close the box, it's the same price. I've stuffed one of those boxes so full that I ate leftovers for a week!Sometimes the lo mein is a little dry or other items look like they might have that not-so-fresh feeling...but I can forgive a lack of culinary perfection for the fabulous prices.
2	Good chinese takeout here, seems to be hard to find.  This is the Hoho Cherry House.  The Hoho China Bistro is no more, but I heard it moved here.The lunch specials are a good value, but the food here is right about average.  General Tso's is OK.  This is more along the lines of a Panda Express, but mom and pop owned.  For that, I expected more.  Nothing to rave about, but not terrible either.
3	I must have gone and dined at the restaurant twice with the food being off. Tonight, I ordered takeout: Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao chicken. This time it delivered on my expectations. Fresh, hot food, with tasty albeit Americanized flavors. Nothing's wrong with Americanized Chinese food, so long as it's tasty and fresh. Sweet, salty, tangy - a little cornstarchy, but not too much. Solid takeout Chinese food place and I will say much better than Panda Express. I recant my previous review.
4	This is my staple, take out Chinese place.   I have been eating here since way before the ownership change and have enjoyed almost every moment of it.   I typically order one of the same three things every time I get in the mood for Chinese take out:  General Tsao, Chicken and Broccoli, or Triple Delight.    I LOVE their General Tsao, it is spicy but not overly and I think the sauce is the perfect amount of thickness.    I tend to go for noodles instead of rice, but do enjoy their steamed or fried rice.The girl on the phone knows me (by my phone number) and usually asks me which of my staple three entrees I preferred that night.  That alone adds a brownie point.The food is prepared quick and steaming hot - I typically let it sit on my counter for 10-15 minutes before even attempting to eat the steaming goodness.I recommend this place as a quick take out spot if you are in the mood for delicious, fresh and fast Chinese (americanized) food.
3	Pretty cheap, pretty good. They offer delivery in a certain areas (so call to verify). Delivery was non-stop the night I went in and a few dining in.The space was small and the restaurant smelled of their seafood dishes. The service was good and fast.
2	General tsao's chicken for take-out lunch broke the plastic fork I was using.  I probably caught them on an off-day.
5	Ho Ho Cherry House is my favorite Chinese. My criteria for picking Chinese consists of a crispiness factor - I usually get sesame chicken or General Tso's -and nothing is grosser then soggy chicken covered in thick sauce....This place does it just right - and its very very affordable (think very casual Chinese restaurant definitely not upscale!) - nice crispy/ light chicken complete with  pretty good although not super memorable side items such as fried rice and an egg roll. For me though, personally they have the crispy chicken nailed - so Im in!
3	Drunk and need Chinese?  Stumbling out of the P-Stone (Philosopher's Stone) or Jackalope Jacks (JJ's)? HoHo Cherry house is here for you while you wait on a cab.  That said, it is good chinese and the prices are reasonable.  Go for takeout or delivery, the inside is a bit scary and sticky.
2	I don't generally like to review restaurants that I've only eaten at once since that hardly seems fair to me, and I will be up front, I have only eaten here once, but I'm not in a terrible hurry to repeat since I've found better Chinese which is closer to my house.We went here on my roommate's request. He had the Chicken and Broccoli (He ALWAYS has the chicken and broccoli!) and seemed to enjoy. We split an order of crab rangoon and it was pretty decent too. It wasn't exactly complex in flavor, but it's tough to screw up crab and cream cheese deep fried in wontons. I had a General Tso's combination and I can best describe my impression as underwhelmed. The chicken was a little to crunchy/chewy for my taste and the sauce was not as spicy as a like my general tso's but I suppose these are both excusable if they happen to be your taste. What was not excusable, and really what is prompting me to write this review, was the egg roll. The only reason I was craving Chinese so badly was because I wanted an egg roll. You know how boiled cabbage can be kind of odiferous? Well imagine a wonton wrapper which contained nothing (no egg, no pork, no nothing) but cabbage that smelled, not mildly, of parade route (anyone who has ever marched behind mounted cavalry knows what I mean). I was very disappointed.It should be said that the service was good and, as I said before, I have only eaten here once. You can pay your money and take your chances on the fact that I was there on an off night or that they will be more to your liking. I will be getting my Chinese food elsewhere.
4	Ho Ho Cherry House is the best place for a quick, tasty lunch! Usually they have two specials, one vegetarian and one meat, that run between $3.99 and $4.99. We generally just order one of both and always have extra to chow down on later. We religiously order from Ho Ho at least 5x a month and love that they deliver, too!
3	Mediocre Chinese at a reasonable prices. The food is pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. They are open later on weekends if you're coming home from the neighborhood bars which is a plus.
2	What happened to this place? I ordered my usual extra crispy sesame chicken and mushy yuckyness with  bland yet sweet syrupy sauce is what I received. I was given no choice between fried rice and white rice and they automatically assumed I wanted the large portion when I actually would have wanted the small if I knew I had the option ( I just thought the prices went up...and truthfully there was no difference in size and it use to be $6.95 now its $10.95!). I have gone to other restaurants and ordered $10 worth of Chinese take-out and received an egg roll and soup too- not the case here...although before it use to be- new management ?..or are they just getting cheap? The usually amazing   crab rangoon wasn't hot enough (temp-wise) and I was totally disappointed.They also forgot to give me my chop sticks which may be a small thing but I specifically asked for them. The literally gave us a full pint of duck sauce though so perhaps they should think of scaling down there and throwing in a veggie egg roll like they use to.  They use to have 5 stars from me but this last time wasn't even worth a single star in my opinion so  I'll meet somewhere in the middle and give them a 2.5 ...I really am not sure if I would return if the quality has gone that downhill...search is back on for good take-out Americanized Chinese food in Charlotte
4	Good, cheap, quick. Yum!
4	just ordered lunch..egg drop soup is GREAT. the texture is just how i like it...excited for this sesame chicken!
4	I was actually pleasantly surprise by my visit to the Cherry House. After reading the reviews here, which are very mixed, I figured what the hell. Can't be worse than what happened to Hong Kong Chinese (read my previous review for that story).When I first walked in I was surprised by the cleanliness, and how well put together the interior looked, nicely decorated without going over the top. My wife and I were greeted at the counter and took a minute to look over the menu.I went with one of their "house specials" the spicy tangerine chicken, ordered with white rice, and an egg roll for $7. Not bad at all. The wife went with good ol' beef lo-mein. Everything was really good, seemed fresh, and had great flavor. This is slowly becoming one of my fav take out Chinese places around. Ho Ho Cherry House has my vote!
4	Cherry House is one of my few go-to take out places. The dining area isn't much to enjoy, but you can depend on consistent yummy take-out. Service is super fast.I recommend the sesame tofu with broccoli. Menu is vegetarian friendly and almost any meat dish can be substituted with tofu. I'm definitely partial to Cherry House because their egg rolls, rather than spring rolls are vegetarian. Yay! FYI - take out menu has coupons on the back!
1	My boyfriend and I have been to Ho Ho Cherry House a couple times because its right up the street from our house. On a recent visit to pick up our order, I happened to notice there was a coupon in their to go menu I had picked up.  The coupon was spend 15, get 5 off. I asked the MANAGER, "hey, can we please use this coupon?"  The manager said, "did you just pick that up off my counter?" Playfully I said, "umm, noooo" thinking there was no way he was going to deny us the coupon.. (remember, talking to the manager, not a teenager in the front.)  He then proceeded to tell us that no we couldn't use the coupon, and we would have to take the coupon home, cut it, and use it on our next visit. I said I couldn't believe that, and that if there was some sort of parameter of that sense it should be clearly stated on the to-go menu. When he finally refused, I said under my breath, "guess we'll be going down the street to 88 Bistro." to which he had the nerve to reply, "yeah, I heard that place is great, have you been?" What a jackass. If directly disrespecting your customers is how you run your business, then I will be happy to support your competitor.
3	The Cherry House is a solid choice for affordable Chinese take out. You get large portions of yummy food and the quality is always A-OK. They have a pretty good sized menu. I'm a fan of their szechuan bean curd. It' great when I need a quick meal.There are a good bit of seat's inside, though I have never seen them very packed. The interior is as decorated as one would expect, but no matter, your there for the food right?
3	I've only ordered take out lunch from here, but it has yet to disappoint me....weekly specials are key @ $5 with tax included. I always receive my food correctly, and piping hot. The lunch portions are enough to feed at least two. The lo mein could probably serve three. Interior isn't much to look at, but the food makes up for lack of appearance. Staff always seem friendly.
2	Not good Chinese food.
2	Cherry House is good for two things: quick and inexpensive Chinese food. Don't expect to be blown aware by culinary complexity or innovative dishes and presentations here. But, hey, they carry most of the westernized classics.US CULTURE TIP ON THE USAGE OF THE TERM "CHOW MEIN":I learned from my experience here that there is a difference in the US between East and West coast conceptions of chow mein. On the West coast (where I was raised), chow mein refers to the steamed soft noodles and "Hong Kong style" refers to the crispy style fired noodles. However, here on the East coast, "chow mein" is assumed to be the crispy Hong Kong style, while "lo mein" refers to the soft steamed style. Who knew?At Cherry House, however, chow mein seems to refer to a bunch of fried rectangular morsels of friedness. I think they are the ones that you find in soup sometimes. In any case, I was a little let down.That said, in a fix it is a perfectly viable option. The lunch combinations are a fantastic option at $6-$8 for main dishes with fried rice and egg roll, spring roll, or crab rangoon. A filling lunch for two coming in at under $13? I've had worse.
5	Delivery was excellent,  and arrived piping hot. When I ordered and it was stated delivery would be at least 40 minutes I had my reservations. But the food was well worth the wait.
3	This was my go to Chinese place in Charlotte.  As others have said, it's quick and inexpensive.  And don't forget tasty!!
3	Edible, quick, cheap Chinese food.Cherry house, you would have gotten 4 stars if I wouldn't have moved out of the area and started trying other cheap Chinese places again.  Panda Den ruined it for you/me.  You are good enough to satisfy my guilty pleasure of cheap Chinese food, but barely.The 2 weekly specials, under $5 for lunch and barely over for dinner, can't beat that.    However, I have never really had an awesome meal here and I can't count my visits on two hands.  The subgum wonton soup has promise, but just isn't quite there.  My staple, the chicken with mixed vegtables(extra spicy) is adequate and a great deal per $ for lunch, but still its just not really that good.  The crab rangoons seem to have no crab.  I could go on and on, but my momma told me if I can't say something nice, I shouldn't say anything at all so I'll just leave it as is.I'll stop by if broke, hungry, and in the area but thats about it.  And honestly, I'd rather do half priced apps across the street at P-Stone.
4	Friendly staff, good food and you can order through Living Social.  Large menu selection too.  Usually do carry out but it has a dining area too.
3	Aside from the fact that the name sounds vaguely like an Asian brothel, we found the place to be a cut above the normal strip mall Chinese take-out joint.  My wife and I had a little time to kill and stumbled upon Ho Ho Cherry House at lunchtime and decided to give it a go.  Table service was pretty good and the staff was all very nice.  The only thing I would say is that I would like it if they paid a little more attention to the timing and waited until we finished the appetizers before bringing the entree.We had fried dumplings and BBQ spareribs to start.  The dumplings were delicious, plump, tender and flavorful with a dipping sauce that was better than the usual offerings.  Ribs were big and meaty with the normal amount of chewing and tearing required to eat a Chinese restaurant style rib.  Nice char but not enough sauce.For our entree we shared the Szechuan shrimp and scallops.  It was hot, fresh and flavorful without being overpowering in any way.  The seafood was perfectly cooked, although I suspect that the scallops may not have been real as they seemed too perfectly round and all the exact same size with a strange texture, more like a plug of fish and not very scallop like.  Veggies were all very fresh, texture was perfect and the balance was just right. I do have a pet peeve regarding shrimp in a sauced dish such as this - Take the freaking tail off of the shrimp.  It is a hot, sauced, stir-fry and we had to take our fingers and pull the tail off of the shrimp before eating it.  I'm OK if it is a shrimp cocktail or jumbo fried shrimp that you can grab the tail as a "handle" and pick it up but, not in a piping hot slippery sauced stir-fry...please...it just makes things messy.The decor is exactly like any other of this genre and it seemed pretty clean from what we could see. The free wi-fi is a nice touch too.We will be back.
5	Good food. Friendly staff. Good prices.  I love the Chicken and Broc.  Generals Chicken is good but not great. This is a staple in my diet since I live so close!!
4	Nothing special but OHHH SOOO CHEAPP!!! Also, a tad better than a hole in the wall Chinese places. The food? Pretty good, not stellar but for the price you can't beat it! I always get lo-mein, singapore noodle, or pan fried flat noodle. YUM YUM YUM. If you are uptown and want cheap Chinese food that doesn't taste cheap, this is your go to place. Find another place in Charlotte that you can get cheaper Chinese food and I'd be amazed!
3	Good cheap Chinese food. Close to home, so it's a winner with me. Always friendly, pretty consistent quality.
3	So, everything was good, but not great. As I have stated before, I base Chinese on the wonton soup. And, it wasn't that great. However, the chicken and broccoli and moo shu were both good. Great prices!
1	My cookie had no fortune.
5	My new favorite Chinese food spot! Just moved in down the street and had a great first experience! Ordered delivery and they arrived within 10 minutes. The delivery guy was super sweet and called when he arrived. Great service! And of course, the food was super delicious!
5	It's Monday night; I'm hung over, tired, and have been wearing the same two-week disposable contact lenses for so long that the calcium deposits are creating white blind-spots on my periphery. Who do I call? Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Tuesday night; I have a six-pack of PBR in the fridge and four episodes of the CW's break-out hit Arrow to catch up on... Who do I call? Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Wednesday night; I'm supposed to be meeting a coworker for trivia at some dive-bar in Ballantyne, but it's that sort of awkward cold outside where it's too chilly for shorts but not quite cool enough for long pants. Plus, I don't have any clean socks. So I blow it off and call Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Thursday night; my ladyfriend and I have a hundred bucks worth of unassembled Galaxy Squad LEGO kits stacked up on the coffee table and the latest Channing Tatum action flick pirate-bay'd. Who do we call? Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Friday night; I'm supposed to be meeting up with my friends to hang out around a fire pit and drink beer and talk about life, but I'm "feeling kind of sick" or "I'm really busy" or "Really? I didn't get that text". Instead, I'm calling Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Saturday night. AJ and S are coming over to drink gin and play old school Mario with the lady and me. We wanna grub up but AJ and I are unsuccessful in convincing the women to cook us something. So we call Ho Ho Cherry House. It's Sunday evening; the Panthers are playing a late-game at San Francisco. I have a free-pizza coupon from Papa Johns stuck to the front of the fridge. But who do I call? Ho Ho Cherry House. The point is - no matter the day, no matter the situation, the only reasonable answer to your desire for Chinese delivery is Ho Ho Cherry House. Sesame chicken. Shrimp fried rice. Egg foo young. Crab Rangoons. Those gnarly little dumpling things. A bucket of General Tso's. A freakin' boat-load of Lo Mein. A lil Mei Fun to keep things crazy. It's ALL GOOD. Seriously, if you're in their delivery radius (from 7th street), hit this place up. It's very consistently good, the delivery drivers are friendly and professional, and their website has super-convenient online ordering so that you can get through 90% of the experience without having to speak to another human. On those nights where you just wanna stay in, be lazy, and gorge yourself on something cheap, delicious, and oh-so-not-good for you, Ho Ho Cherry House is it. Let me emphasize one thing: The name of this restaurant is HO. HO. CHERRY. HOUSE. An inspiring entrepreneur selected for the name of his or her establishment, Ho Ho Cherry House. This is a real thing that is happening around us that we can all be a part of. No joke. It's Chinese takeout that tastes like Chinese takeout. It's predictably, unspectacularly exactly what it's supposed to be. Very few things in life infuse me with as much pure joy and anticipation as someone uttering the words...Ho. Ho.Cherry.Houuuuuuussssseeeeee.
5	This is my favorite Chinese restaurant. They have great food, they are super fast and friendly. I usually pick up my food but the few times I had it deiilvered it arrive pretty quick and the food was still steaming hot. I really love you can get lunch prices up till 4pm, that works out great for me. If I could change anything I would offer a combination plate were you can get 2 different entrees on one plate. But I guess that's why they have buffets but Cherry House has such better food!!
4	It was Christmas Day and I had no plans until 3 pm and I was hungry.  Thank you Cherry House for being open.I had anticipated it would be counter service so I was glad to know it was table service since I was not in a hurry to be anywhere.  I started with the Egg Drop Soup.  It was very good.  It was the right texture and not overly salty like some places.  My entree was Shrimp Mei Fun.  I love rice noodles, but I don't think I've ever had this dish anywhere.  It was a generous portion of rice noodles with bits of scrambled egg and shrimp.  Not really a sauce so that was a plus in my book.  The noodles were cooked just right.  The shrimp maybe could have been cooked 30 seconds less, but still good. The service was very attentive, but there was only 1 other table.  It will definitely be on my list for when I want table service Chinese.  Not sure if it's worth the drive to Elizabeth when there are other Chinese restaurants near me, but good.
5	Great food here. They are fast and give you a good portion of food. The general tso chicken is awesome!
3	I live around the corner from Ho Ho and order takeout close to once per week.  They always have a lunch/dinner combo special that changes weekly.  It's a great value at $6 total after tax.  This it's the best Chinese, but I've never been disappointed.  They even allowed me to substitute red for green peppers the last time I ordered the special, cool!  It's the perfect "neighborhood Chinese takeout/delivery" place.
4	HOHO CHERRY HOUSE, not to be confused with a brothel, offers average food at cheap prices. Fast delivery and friendly staff. No matter what protein you pick it pretty much tastes the same.
1	This might be the worst Chinese I've ever tasted in my life...and i'm a college student so I've had a lot. I don't have a car so i ordered the sesame chicken and the beef with broccoli to go...two of my favorite standby dishes. the sesame was way too battered and was smothered with the sauce so much that i was literally scraping it off. it's really like eating fired dough with cherry jelly stuff...nasty. and the beef with broccoli was worse! it tasted like the " brown sauce" was day old gravy and the meat was like the mystery meat that you'd get at a middle school cafeteria. on second though i think my cafeteria was better. and the broccoli tasted acidic. it was just so gross id rather have just ordered pizza. seriously, don't go here.
4	I mean, you know, it's "Chinese." It's cheap. It's fast. You can even order online. And, it's good. Tonight I had the hot and sour soup and sa cha chicken. I couldn't even get to my chicken because the soup filled me up. Good stuff.
5	Very good! Nice service and clean restaurant. Good food as well. Sesame chicken was great!
4	The food is always great.  It doesn't matter what you order, everything seems to only take 10 minutes.  I want what ever oven they are using for my own house!!  The dumplings are excellent but the dipping sauce isn't as good as I have had at similar places.  Very nice people and quick service.
2	Man, I really want this place to be good... but it's not.  A shame - it's so convenient to get delivery (especially when it snowed, hah).  Quintessential Chinese take-out isn't all that great in the first place, but Cherry House's dishes don't even measure up to that standard.Probably the most annoying thing about the beef, chicken, or shrimp entrees is the abundance of vegetables.  Don't get me wrong - I love my greens, but there just isn't much in the way of protein.  Having ordered a variety of entrees, each of them just go overkill with the veggies.  You feel cheated - the dishes should be along the lines of "snow peas, carrots, and a sampling of shrimp."  And to make matters worse, despite the diversity of dishes available, there's about three flavor profiles available:  (1) salty; (2) sweet; and (3) sweet and salty. Hot and Sour Soup - They're doing it wrong.  The viscosity is off, and it's neither hot nor sour, really.  When my sister visited and tried this place, she said everything from there tastes like broom handle.  I've never had the pleasure of trying broom handle (and I don't know how she would know...) but I take it that it's no filet.For me, the coup de grace was hair in my food the last two times I ordered!  Supremely unpleasant and tossed it out immediately.  You want to believe it was an accident the first time, but when it happens twice in a row... it's no accident.  Something's busted with the people, product, or process.dmo out.
3	Is it the best? No way. Is it the worst? Heck no. I think A-OK is a spot on description of the Cherry House.Most important thing: you can place orders online. I really hate to order over the phone, so this is a big win for me. They also deliver.This place is just a few blocks from my house, so it's a super convenient location for me. I usually just grab some take out, but I finally had my first dine in experience Sunday night.Starving after watching the Denver-Oakland shellacking, we voted on Chinese and decided to head here. I always get soup and one of the combinations. This go round I went Hot & Sour Soup and Sha Cha Shrimp combo with brown rice and an egg roll. Huge portions. My roommate doesn't like this place, but when I brought the leftovers home... she was a big fan. She was shocked when I told her it was from Cherry House. Maybe she's just been ordering wrong? My other friend always goes curry when she does Chinese. She ordered the Curry Chicken combination here and didn't like it. I'm not the biggest curry fan, so I'll let her be the judge on that one.For me, spicy mustard is a must for egg rolls. I got a side and whoa did it pack a punch. I loved it, but it may be too spicy for some so be warned. Soda is by the can, so if you down your drink... you'll have to buy another one. If you're getting take out and do need a soda (one larger than a can), there is a Friendly Mart across the street.There are better places around, but this hits the spot if you live in the Elizabeth area.
4	I've been searching for a decent chinese place around plaza midwood for some time, and I finally found this gem. It's a typical quick chinese place that offers all the standard chinese food options, and the food is very tasty. Quick, reasonable$, and tasty: this is my go to chinese spot
4	For Chinese food this place is inexpensive and well done. I was very happy with the amount of food and the quality for the price
5	I lived in Houston for nearly 20 years, and ate Chinese food all over that city, whose Asian population is among the most vibrant in the U.S.  Since I moved up here, I've eaten at just about every hole-in-the-wall Chinese takeout and "Asian bistro" around.  I thought I was past the point of having my doors blown off by a dish, but the Cherry Special Chicken here did it from the first bite.I ordered it expecting something akin to sweet and sour chicken with a cherry twist.  Sweet and sour isn't my favorite (My young sons, of course, love it) but I had to give this a try.  What a revelation!  Yes, there's the sweet-tartness of cherry, but there's also a spice kick that put sweat on my brow (I requested it extra-spicy) and a panoply of other spice notes throughout.Oh, and the hot and sour soup is actually spicy and brilliantly sour.  I order this almost everywhere I go, even though it's usually "meh" at best.  I could eat it every day.  And the sweet and sour chicken my sons got?  Yeah, it was good.  But let's face it, if you can't get THAT right, you'd better close up shop.The service was very friendly and attentive, and the entrees didn't come out until we'd finished our soup.  I'm already looking forward to my leftovers for lunch tomorrow ...
4	Excellent food. Quick takeout. One of the better chinese places in Elizabeth/midtown area.
