4	Delicious, authentic and consistent Chinese food.  Staff are all very invested in the business and want to make you into a return customer.  Hong Kong style Chinese food.  You can't really go wrong but noodles are the big winner here.  I've only done pick-up and delivery but the restaurant is clean and usually pretty full.
3	I found myself here for lunch after finding out the place I started to go in the neighborhood was closed.When you pick your table you are handed a well worn multi-page menu and a print out of the dinner specials.  The print out seemed sort of odd for lunch so I dug into the menu and found a full page of lunch specials.  I chose the orange chicken.  I ordered it medium spice and it was not very spicy but it was really sweet and not crunchy like I am used too.  I liked the soup, egg roll and crab puff it came with.  I also liked the price, with a glass of iced tea and tax it was under $8 and I was stuffed.I thought the table clothes were a nice touch.  Not all of the staff (family?) spoke English well. The service was very good.  While I was there I had the dining room to myself.  One person came in and ordered take out and they accepted a couple of phone orders as well.Overall it is a decent neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  I would go back again but choose a different entree.
3	This is the closest Chinese place to our new house, so we thought we'd give it a try. The food is pretty good and you get a lot of it. Highlights for me were the house chow mein with pan fried noodles and the wor won ton soup. Not much in the way of ambience or personality, so we'll probably get it to go from now on.
4	Love this place, been coming here for years and have never been dissapointed. Nothing fancy or wierd just very good chinese food. If you have a craving, and want your basics sesame chicken, sweet & sour chicken, beef & broccoli,egg rolls,chicken & veggies,orange chicken or lemon chicken you will find that here. One of my favorites is sizzling rice chicken, verrry good! They definatley have more than what I am mentioning, but these just happen to be my faves. We bring our kids here all the time and they are very helpful when serving us. For example, they know my 4 yr old loves the egg drop soup with the crispy won tons , but because its so hot they always bring a small bowl of ice on the side to help cool it down. They also know that my 4 yr old knows how to say thank you in chinese and I love how they encourage her to speak more. This will always be a neighborhood favorite , good food, good service and good people!!
5	This place has great food and the service is amazing! I never have to ask for a thing .. Its like they are reading my mind.  Everything is good from the sweet and sour chicken to the appetizers.
4	Every once and a while I need a little Grand Dragon in my life!I stumbled upon this place when I was working on a house in Glendale and needed to fulfill my need for some Chinese food - and then I was hooked. For under $10 I can get general's chicken with brown rice, crab puffs, spring roll, and lo mein. Oh and you want to add a side of sweet and sour chicken to that order for $2.95 - perfect!This food is delicious and affordable. Trust me you will get filled up and have some to take home for lunch the next day! The service is always great and the restaurant itself is comfortable!And I'll have to cut this review short to stuff some more general's chicken in my face!Cheers!
1	Laughably, appallingly bad for the price point. You can do much better for $8 than bland noodles, boring fried rice, and awful egg rolls that left a bad taste in my mouth. I'm shocked it took 30 minutes to prepare the sweet and sour pork I carried out of the restaurant.
4	Your basic neighborhood Chinese joint.  Good prices and seemed clean enough for us.  Really nothing to complain about...and tasty enough food to warrant a return.  Reliable as well since we have them from time to time when visiting the in-laws.Enjoy!  I can vouch for the beef and broccoli.
5	will review after I eat. Ok so we ordered a Mongolian beef combo plate, sesame chicken (YUM) and pork fried rice , and sweet and sour pork. This was really really  good food. Good prices. When we are in the area we will definitely go back.
4	This be my regular take out place. I call in my order and the sweet people on the other end usually always get it right. They cook my meal to order. I like the orange chicken but I like it spicy. Super spicy. And thats how I get it. They also will sub all Lo Mein for the fried rice that comes in the combo. Which is great because I won't eat it all and I can split the noodles with the kiddo. You can also sub your fried rice for brown rice. They send an egg roll and fried wontons with every combo. They don't suck. I wouldn't recommend ordering one combo to have in one sitting unless you're a glutton or a glutton for punishment. It's a ton of food. I usually split my combo with the little dude. And still have some left over for lunch the next day.  Buddha usually orders the potstickers. He digs em. Not his favorite but he doesn't leave any over hahaha! I recommend it if you are needing that takeout fix in the Glendale area. Super cheap too. Lots of food for little dollars. Yeah, I'll take that.
4	I had this just yesterday. It was late at night and we were craving Chinese food but didn't want the typical Panda Express. So, I asked Siri to find me a Chinese place and because of the 4 stars we decided to give it a shot. The food was delicious! It was brought out in a timely manner and the staff was very nice! Overall we are definitely going back. :)
4	Nice little place.  Not great, but very, very good.  Plenty of good food at reasonable prices.  It's not quite a Mom and Pop type place, but pretty close. It's just your basic, local neighborhood Chinese joint.  Good prices and clean enough.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. We visit Grand Dragon several times a month. This is the best Chinese food in Phoenix, the portions are great! I always have enough leftover for another meal, and the prices are reasonable. The service is eager to please, and they always seem genuinely pleased to see us. They don't mind making a few modifications for our picky tastes, either. Major score, Grand Dragon. I absolutely am in love with their lo mein noodles, which had a slight smoky flavor. The large eggrolls remind me of those at the old mom and pop Chinese restaurants down south. It's very difficult to find a good eggroll in the valley, but Grand Dragon gets really close to perfect. The egg drop soup... meh... I've had better. General Tso's chicken is my #1 pick! My only complaint, if you can call it that, is they won't deliver to my area. I'm about 2 blocks off of their grid, however, I will say this... After I called begging and pleading for them to please deliver because I couldn't make it with a broken leg, they made a one-time exception and delivered to my house anyway. That's world-class customer service.
2	Thought we'd try to stay closer to home and saw the reviews for this place, not so bad. Was greeted by a super friendly guy who quickly changed from friendly to downright annoying. He took our drink orders as soon as he seated us, was back in a flash and asked if we needed more time. Yes, we did. Two minutes later, asked if we were ready. Nope, sorry. Again. And again. I don't know what his hurry was but he was determined to get our order within 5 minutes of us walking in the door. Whatever. I ordered the house chicken. When it arrived I was surprised, they give you a lot of food! I thought I had hit the jackpot! It was crispy, not overly sweet or spicey. Very good. We had a lot of leftovers, everything turned out great.Until about 5 hours later. I was pretty gassy after that but whatevs, I don't mind farting and I'm pretty gassy anyways. Then it became painful. I knew it was coming and it was going to be hot. I got the shits. Explosive. Seven times. It's hard to tell what exactly has turned your ass into a chocolate fountain by the end of the day...but I won't risk it again.
3	I wanted to put a review saying that this companies food looks amazing.  That's for starters, it really does look great. However, I specifically looked on yelp for a place that delivered, I marked the box for delivery and this place 100% does not deliver they told me when I called.  Not to mention they stated they only take Visa and Mastercard which limits anyone with discover or american express.I wish they delivered, but they don't. Oh well.
3	The food was pretty good, but I'm not sure it's 4/5-star worthy.  We ordered two dishes - and boy did they give us a lot of food.  Unfortunately, when they say "beef with vegetables" what they mean is a pound of beef and two pieces of carrot.  I was hoping for a better ratio of meat and veggies.  Egg rolls were really really good, and they had real mustard - not that crap in the packet with the panda on it - real, burn your sinuses out mustard - praise the lord.  We ordered the crispy fried tofu - won't do that again.  The tofu was in HUGE chunks so it was like deep-fried custard cubes.  I've had fried tofu before, this didn't quite cut it.Nothing really negative to say - the price was fine, the food was fine, and it's close.  Biggest plus?  I have never, ever, ever been to a Chinese food restaurant where the people were as friendly. Super-nice staff - thanks for that!
4	Once I discovered this place I have always come back. Staff is really nice and there food doesn't disappoint. I always order to-go and the food is always ready. My favorite thing to get is the soups. They all have a good flavor and the lunch specials are awesome deals; get a lot if food for cheap. Overall, they have a cosy & peaceful atmosphere.
5	Best Chinese food ever! My family and I love this place. We might even call this our home away from home haha. My boyfriend and I first discovered this quaint little restaurant a year and a half ago and we have been coming back ever since, sometimes 2 or 3 times a month. The parking is adequate, the food is amazing, and the staff goes above and beyond to make you feel welcome. I absolutely love the moo goo gai pan and egg drop soup. My boyfriend can't get enough of the kung pow cabbage. My children ( ages 3, 5, 6) always eat the sweet and sour chicken and they actually like the egg rolls, which is a huge win. The prices are almost unbelievable for the amount of food you get. The portions are huge, you will always have leftovers. Also, they have the most genuinely friendly staff who are willing to make any accomodations to please you. Everything about this place is perfect. What I like most is that I can always count on having a pleasant time filled with great food and service when I eat here. There are some restaurants I enjoy eating at but I never know what kind of service I'm going to get or how well my food will be prepared because the staff is always different. The Grand Dragon has consistently provided the best service to my family and I for over a year and I would recommend them to anyone.
4	Great place for good chinese food. Very authentic and well prepared foods. I always ask for more garlic and make it spicy hot! That's just me but they always accommodate me.Broccoli beef is really good...I would like more vegetables though in their dishes.The dish I always judge a chinese rest by is War Wonton Soup and theirs is bout the best I have had.For the combo dinner menu they have the option of getting a small portion of sweet sour pork or chicken for only $2.50 more! Love that!
4	We always have seen this restaurant but never stopped. Today we did it and what a surprise, the food was very good and the prices reasonable.
4	I love this place! Typical American Chinese restaurant. Their food is always tasty, reasonably priced and not greasy. I know if seems like a strange thing to mention but I always get sick after eating at Chinese restaurants and this is 1 of 2 places I have never gotten sick at. I love their crab puffs-they're slightly sweet (yum!) and I have tried various chicken dishes and all of them have been great! Staff is friendly, restaurant is clean and I can call in my order drive over and it's ready by the time I get there. I'm a happy customer every time I go!
4	Inexpensive, greasy Asian food. It doesn't get better than this amazing Glendale institution that's been around forever.  Decor is crazy tacky but who cares when the food is so good. I'm obsessed with the noodles and my husband chooses the beef and broccoli everytime.  Even my toddlers eat it all. All in all delicious dinner.  Oh and remember they're closed Mondays!
5	Great food. Great customer service. Very speedy. We will be back! Best chinese food in the area.
