2	This is THE LOUDEST restaurant/bar I have ever been in. We were seated at a 2-person booth leaning across the table and I still had to yell in my loudest voice to be heard. Albeit, it was a Saturday night, half-off food, and after the first Pitt football game of the season, but still. This is definitely not the place to go if you want to have any sort of intelligible conversation. However, if you want a place where you can belt out Eddie Money songs at the top of your voice, Hemingway's is the place to be. PS. Food was so-so, but for half off it's hard to complain.
4	for those on a grad student budget like myself, hemingway's is perfect beginning at 11am and then again after 9pm for the 1/2 price food. i would definitely not pay full price for any of the food on the menu but i could literally come here for dinner every night for $3.50. not to mention, the drinks are cheap. perfect place to pre-game or spend your whole weekday/night
4	This place is great. Young crowd, cheap drinks ($1.50 select beers and $5 pitchers, can't beat that). I wouldn't come here for dinner, it's more of a dive bar than a restaurant. Definitely loud, crowded and messy which is not always a bad thing.
3	We came here for the cheap drinks so I can't speak on behalf of the food.   The place was packed with undergrads (and it was a tuesday night).  The draft selection is much better than I expected and luckily it was $2 draft night.  They also have $5 pitchers of miller all the time.  The service was friendly but it was extremely slow.  They also have a large girlie drink menu, and each drink comes with a candy necklace or a ring pop.
4	College bar staple with great half-price food, a large menu, and excellent beer specials.
2	I've only been here on nights during the school year and--yikes.  The front room is claustrophobic, and though the back isn't as packed, good luck trying to have a conversation at a normal speaking volume.  Even though I'm only in my mid-twenties, I feel way old and crochety among the people who clog the place.As other reviewers have said, you can't beat the price of the beer specials here.  The cardiac stix (deep fried provolone sticks) and the spinach artichoke dip (served with deep fried pita bread slices) are pretty decent appetizers to share.  The low prices might encourage you to order more, but the waitstaff can be so elusive that you'll just end up asking for your check the next time you see your server.If cheap beer and food are your top priorities, and atmosphere matters very little, then Hemingway's will do.  I'd rather walk a little farther from Pitt and go to Panther Hollow Inn near the corner of Forbes and Craig.
3	Hem's is great if you're looking for some decent bar food at a great price, or to get drunk on a budget.  The only problem is that every other person in Oakland is looking to do the same thing.  After 9:00 on pretty much any night of the week, you'll be fighting 100 other people for your spot on the floor, or at the bar, or for the bartender's attention.  That being said, if yo're looking to get drunk, you won't care and you'll love the $2.00 drafts (for anything, even Troegenator!) after 10.  Pitchers of shots are also a favorite (Miley Cyrus, while a girly name, will kill you with liquor).  The jukebox is playing pretty traditional party rap or metal, depending on who gets to it first.The bartenders are generous and totally on top of their game.  It's really a spectacular level of service for such a busy bar.  The lunchtime crowd is a lot more chill, it's a great place to sip a beer and eat a good wrap or burger for cheap!  BOTTOM LINE:  Good food and drinks cheap, great service, very crowded/loud, great for a night out to get hammered with a college crowd, not great for trying to chill out.
3	The half off for early lunch and at late night is really worth it, but I'm not sure I would come at other times. I usually prefer the early lunch because the late night can get really crowded, but sometimes that's half the fun. The beer here, and alcohol here in general, is really really cheap. There's always some kind of special for $1 or $2. It's also awesome that they have shots called "Taylor Swift" and "Miley Cyrus." I've tried a few of their pasta dishes,and have always been unimpressed. Their burgers and fries, however, are very delicious, and at half-off run at only $4 to fill you up! My friend insists that yelp needs to have more subcategories for bars, and classifies this as a college bar, not a dive bar. I guess it's true, probably 98% of their customers are college students from around Pittsburgh, and probably 80% of them are Pitt students.
2	Good specials.Average food.Poor service.Very crowded even on a weekday in the summer time.
3	Recently ate at Hemingway's for lunch.  If you get there before 1145am you can order from the 1/2 off menu.  Most burgers, salads, wraps, sandwiches are on the 1/2 menu.  Ended up going for the buffalo chicken wrap which wasn't bad.  A bit scarce on the chicken (seemed to take a chicken strip and cut in half) but the taste was good.  We ordered the humus as an app which was really good.  All in all it was a cheap lunch, I would go back
4	I'm definitely a fan of Hem's.  It's a cute bar/restaurant tucked in the Oakland university area.  If you come here, don't expect haute cuisine or anyting too complicated.  It's a bar, so expect bar-ish food. What you SHOULD expect is: awesome drink prices/selection and an extensive half-price menu during select times.  Something like, before 11am, 2-4pm, and after 9pm most things on the menu are 1/2 price.  The garlic-parm wings with a side of fries is what I usually get and it's always great.  I wash it down with whatever draft specials they have.  They offer amazing draft specials daily ($1.50-$2.00), Yuengling pitchers for $5.50, and as other Yelper's have said, very reasonably priced PITCHERS of shots with names like Tiger Woods, Lady Gaga, and Miley Cyrus.It gets busy on the weekends and after 9 in general.  I have come before on a Friday at 9:15 and was able to find a seat at the bar no problem and get a couple of drinks in before it got crowded and all hell broke loose.
4	Reasonable priced draft beers.  They have Arrogant Bastard Ale on tap which makes my husband very happy.  Good service.  Bathrooms are fairly clean for a bar.
3	I liked Hem's when I was in college, and I like it just as much post-college.  We went on Friday night for dinner, before the college kids had a chance to fill the place to capacity. We started with an old favorite- artichoke dip with baked pitas.  It was "super-spicy-and-my-face-is-burning-up" good.For dinner, I had the philly chicken wrap.  It was okay, but the fries weren't as good (read: seasoned) as they used to be.  We were sad to see that the days of $1 Miller Lite are gone (circa 2006)- draft beer is $2.50 now!  Some guys tried to lure us to their table with promises of pitchers of shots  (Pitchers of shots?  Unreal)... but you know, we know better than that, right?Overall, good service and better than average bar food.
3	Hemingway's does have half price food specials every day. Don't remember the exact hours but it's the late night and afternoon hours. They also have $1.75 draft specials each day. The food here is decent but you go here to get drunk. This place is always packed with college kids. They are also really really strict with id's so if you have a fake, it may be hard to get in. At least it was a couple years ago when I was in college. There is a pool table, darts, gaming room at the back which usually isn't too crowded. As for the food, you have to try the Cardiac Stix. Deep fried provolone sticks tossed with buffalo sauce, topped with cheddar jack cheese and bacon. Served with a side of bleu cheese dressing. Talk about a heart attack waiting to happen. We used to go here really late to just drink and maybe get some appetizers so I can't really say how good the food is besides the cardiac stix and the cloggin fries.
3	I'm at school at CMU, so I've only really been here to drink and to have fun - never for a meal.  So, how much you enjoy this place definitely depends on what you're looking for.  At night, college kids will flood this place and the atmosphere might get a little... claustrophobic.  But, if on the other hand, if you are one of those college kids, Hemingways is definitely a good place to be!They have really cheap beer pitchers each night and they're really well-known for their 7 dollar shot pitchers.  The half-price food there at night is also really good.  I especially love the cloggen fries (mmm... bacon)
3	If there is a bar that totally identifies with and even cherishes the fact it is a full blown college hang out, it is Hemingway's located at 3911 Forbes Avenue in Oakland. Its central location on the Pitt Campus draws a very young crowd looking to have a good time without traveling too far.Though Hemingway's has some great specials (daily $1.75 beers, all day long) and a stellar beer selection, the set-up of this bar reduces its appeal. It is narrow to begin with and coupled with an awkward raised seating area spanning the middle complicates patron mobility. On a busy night it often takes five minutes to walk from the front to the back of the bar. Hemingway's has a pool table and dart board located in the back, but they are squeezed into a room entirely too small often making a game of billiards an unpleasant experience.One aspect Hemingway's really has going for it is its staff. The same bartenders have been working here for as long as I can remember and they are good at what they do. Fast and efficient, even when the bar is at full capacity, they never short you on liquor in your mix drinks. Hemingway's also employs a number of wait staff to take food and drink orders and are a convenient option on packed nights.The food here is not bad, and come between 9 and 11 and entrees are half off. Options from wraps, to burgers, to pasta dishes highlight the menu.  Don't expect anything great.  Just the normal cheap bar food.The decor at Hemingway's is unique. Thousands of framed pictures of drunk college bar-goers cover every wall; a fitting choice for a college bar. It never gets old laughing at all the drunkards pictured here.In conclusion, I think this bar is most suited for the newly turned 21 crowd. When you get a littler older, especially after graduation from college, the patronage here seems a bit juvenile. That being said, if you're looking for a cheap night out and some decent bar food for a great price then stop by Hemingway's.
4	Hey super-savers!Food, shots, candy necklaces!Cheap, slim, vundabar*!*bar is not German(b)
3	Hemingway's is good at what it intends to do:  get college students drunk.  The drink selection is pretty terrible unless you like discount shots, with no top-shelf liquor and mediocre-at-best draft choices.  I never went here much as an undergrad, and I only go now before 9pm and only for the exceptional grilled cheeses--they have a great variety and all are made with thick Italian bread.  If you work in Oakland, you can't beat a delicious non-chain-restaurant sandwich for $5.99-7.99.
3	This place was not nearly as gross as I anticipated. In the middle of Oakland, rusty sign... I mean the place screams undergrad. No thank you. I was persuaded to go here one Friday (after the semester was over) for happy hour, and had a good time. I mean, yes, you can buy pitchers of shots here, but you can also get Sam Adams in the 16oz super nice Sam Adams glass for $7 and keep the glass. It's pretty big inside, wasn't crowded or smokey, and the food was not that bad for bar food. I had a chicken, bacon, avocado wrap, and it was tasty. Friends had burgers, and they cleaned their plates. Hemingway's, you went from hideous undergrad hangout in my mind to an establishment I would patronize!
4	The Food: Decent, if not underwhelming, bar food at a reasonable price. The sandwiches are sizeable and their fries are nicely seasoned and crisp. Pasta is cooked competently and is actually better than Joe Mama's down the street. There's a whole menu page of creative, satisfying grilled cheeses. The food's an absolute steal during Hem's twice daily half-offs, but still not bad at full price.The Drink: If you're trying to drink high end or top shelf, turn away. However, if you're okay with deeply discounted drinks and above average macro beer you're in luck. Yuengling pitchers are always $6, and every weekday a pint of a decent draft (Sam Adams, New Castle, Blue Moon, or Magic Hat) is $2. Shot pitchers are about $5, super girly, and good to share with a friend. I've never had to spend more than $15 at Hem's for a good time.The Atmosphere and Service: This is where Hem's gets a star knocked off. On the plus side, there's usually a spot to grab a seat, even on a crowded Friday or Saturday night. Hem's has a markedly convivial atmosphere and unique charm, especially for Pitt students. The DJ on weekends is fairly good and spins music that's neither unique nor grating, which is actually a good thing because you go to Hem's to drink and socialize, not dance. On the negative, the waiters don't offer the most timely service (even when it's not too crowded). Also, the bar is arranged oddly and moving around is a chore. If you're not a fan of Pittsburgh sports, make sure there's not a Penguins or Steelers game when you go, as fans are super obnoxious during those times.Overall, it's become my go-to spot in Oakland. Definitely give it a try.
4	Hem's has $5 pitchers and great french fries, a good place for munchies and beer after work (or class... or between classes... or, heck, when you should be in class).Go there Wednesday night for karaoke, even if you just go twice you'll already know the regulars: the white college boys who try to rap, the girl who gets up and blows your mind, the oldest guy at the bar who sounds like a professional, the drunk foreign students who give American classics a great accent.
3	Wednesday nights at Hem's were my favorite tradition as a Pitt undergraduate student.  $2 Blue Moon special.  An order of Pita Chips.  Karaoke.
3	It's a college bar, but a good one.  A varied menu, reasonable prices, and good drink specials make Hemingway's a well-rounded place to grab a bite or a pint.  Nothing will blow you away, but it won't break the bank either.(I can't recommend the burger, though--that one's a clear miss.)
4	Loud, greasy food, drunk college students, and exactly the experience that a bar sitting under a university building should be.
3	great wings and other bar food, good beer specials.  Really cramped at night.  Went downhill once Danielle stopped bouncing.
5	Hands-down the best place for cheap drinks and delicious cheap food. $7 shot pitchers, $5 pitchers of beer, and a half-off food menu (9pm-12am) can't be beat. Depending on the bartender, the shot pitchers can range from "I'm pretty sure this doesn't have alcohol in it" to "Holy blackout". Love the Dum-Dums that come floating on top... one time they must have been out and we had gummi worms floating in our pitcher. Try the Black Out and the Miley Cyrus. Can't go wrong with the food. The spinach and artichoke dip has a kick but the pita chips are the absolute best! Grilled cheeses are some of the best. Cloggin' Fries... OMG. Seriously, if you're looking for a cheap place to drink and satisfy your late-night or resulting drunk munchies. Hemingway's is the best. Just don't mind the loud college crowd and beware the karaoke on Wednesday!
4	It is the Pitt college dive bar
4	Definitely my favorite place to meet with friends for a drink after work. Yes, it's a college bar, but it's a nice college bar. The food is decent and reasonably priced and drinks tend to be affordable, especially in the evenings when specific deals apply. I've often bumped into friends and even TAs grabbing a bite to eat during the day between classes, so it's not all around "let's get drunk." There's a nice vibe to the place. Be warned, it gets very noisy very quickly in the evening, especially on Wednesdays when the karaoke begins.* *On that note, though, get a group to sing "I'll Make A Man Out of You" from "Mulan" and see if you can get the entire bar to sing along. My group even got the visiting Pitt group for the hearing impaired to sign (yes, sign, not sing) along with us last year!
4	Hems...Will always like this place because of so many great memories there.They have pretty decent food and a good selection of beers for a college bar.  Prices are very good but can get extreamly crowded at night and on weekends.
4	I came here both before and after the Pitt game last Monday night, and was reminded of what it feels like to be at a true college bar. Despite the fact that I am far past my college years, it was still enjoyable. There is a decent beer selection - I typically only drink microbrews, but if you like Miller Lite, this is the place to go to get it cheap.Our service was pretty bad after the game - not because it was busy but because our waiter was horrible. We never saw him again after he took our order - someone else dropped off our food, and then we had to find him to ask for the check. But that didn't really bother me, given that our food was half off since it was "late night", and my Hot Honey wrap and the fries that came with it were delicious.
4	Absolutely love this place! Near Carnegie Mellon and awesome half offs. In love with Karaoke nights on Wednesdays.
3	Ive only been here a few times . cool drink menu & I fell in love with their spinach artichoke dip
4	The best bar in Oakland
3	Hemingway's has great specials for beer, and a great atmosphere. I work close to them so it is a go to place for lunch. The food is always good, even if the service is sometimes lacking. Now, the service, while you might not see your waitress/waiter for a bit, you can always ask the hostess to get you what you need. She will tell your waitress/waiter or just do it herself. I think that is a plus. I don't know if you are "supposed" to do this, but I do since your server tends to disappear for some lenght of time.My only real complaint is that their lunch special menu only goes from 11-11:45. Come on, can't we make it until 1?
4	One of my favorite college bars in Oakland. Yes, it gets a little too loud for conversation, but that's part of the fun I guess. Their spinach artichoke dip is amazing! Also awesome half off deals on food later at night. Btw, $5 fuzzy navel shot pitchers filled with gummy worms every Friday night!!!!
4	It's a nice sport bar around Oakland. I love Cloggin's fries and buffalo wings here. The fries are very crispy even there is cheddar cheese over them.
4	They have Pumking on draft for $6 which you can't beat. What more can I say! This has been a favorite spot of mine since college.  The beer is cheap ($1.50 daily draft specials), they have great food specials, and a fun place to go with a big group. I always stick with the wraps and you can't go wrong with the 11-11:45 1/2 price lunch menu.  Another hidden secret about this place is their pizzas are amazing!
4	Gotta love this place for its lack of pretentiousness - something that can be hard to find at times in this wonderfully hip(ster) city. The drinks are no-frills, the food is delicious/disgusting bar food (I recall several menu items that would probably stop your heart with their tasty tasty greasiness)...the clientele is 95% Pitt and CMU undergrads. We sat in their back room and had some Southern Tier Pumking (on tap, ladies and gents!), ate wings & pierogies, and had a rollicking good time.If you're hankering for some of that noisy, undergrad dive bar feel to inspire you, check this place out.
2	Went here for a few drinks and dinner last night, and was not in the least bit impressed with the food or the service. The bartender/waitress basically hated her job and it showed. Not personable, not nice. Ordered the 7.99 Mediterranean salad, and got the smallest dinner salad I've ever seen. I'm not complaining about the price, moreso the portion size. It was equivalent to a side salad. Thanks for putting me on a diet, friends. The only reason this place is worthy of two stars is the cheap happy hour drinks drinks. Go for drinks, pass on the food.
4	By far one of the best places to go to in Oakland. I love going during their amazing happy hour because drinks are so cheap and most of the food is half off as well. Such good deals. I LOVE the fajitas (not on half off menu) and I can't believe how much they hook you up for such cheap prices! Even their drinks during happy hour are generous. The only problem is the place is overly crowded and extremely loud. However, it's Oakland and right on Pitt's campus. It's expected.
4	Great place to go before Pitt basketball game.  Great bar food and prices.
3	Place is decent, if you're looking to grab some quick food on Pitt game day. They have good sandwiches and wraps and is affordable.I wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for a quiet, clean atmosphere. It does have a frat basement smell to it, but that should come as no surprise.
3	So, this is a place that I never thought that I would like: right in the middle of the university crowd, loud, always crazy, wait staff made up of almost exclusively Pitt students, etc- however, after stopping in about a handful of times with coworkers, I am actually almost always pretty pleasantly surprised. The food here is actually good- their veggie burger and fries in particular are well cooked and pretty tasty. And the daily and happy hour specials are pretty impressive. I'd definitely recommend a stop in here sometime if you don't mind the crowd.
3	This place was definitely a dive and a half -- seat cushions were torn up, bathroom was cramped and old, the atmosphere dripped with dinginess -- but if you're cool with all of that, it's a great place.  They had a decent beer selection including all of the typical domestics and several craft beers.  While I didn't eat there, someone at the table next to me ordered a platter of pierogis that looked and smelled awesome.  I was there in the later afternoon on a Saturday and was surprised about just how packed it was in there.  People were literally lined up and waiting to to get a seat and standing room was almost non-existent by that point as well.  It was extremely loud in there so this isn't a great place for a quiet, intimate conversation, but if you'd like to shout at someone for several hours one evening, Hemingway's is your place!  Seems like a place with a high potential for fun, hijinx and revelry!
3	My roommate and I were trying to catch a late lunch and it just came to me that I had never been to the quintessential college bar on campus. We split an entree (that was half off) and called it a meal because we both weren't that hungry. We got the drunken chicken, and for bar food it was pretty good. The chicken was tender but the sweet potato fries that it was served on was mushy and not appetizing. The vegetables were the kind that you get from the freezer aisle in Giant Eagle and you microwave on those sad lonely nights that you eat over your kitchen sink. Also heads up: they charge for water during half off....
5	Stopped here around 10 on a Saturday night and the crowd was just rolling in. The atmosphere is definitely college based but wasn't over the top rowdy. The service was excellent and the food was exactly as expected if not a little better. I was really blown away when I was told the majority of food was half off (not sure about the details but it was certain times and days) we had a party of 3 who all got burgers as well as spinach artichoke dip and the bill was barely over $20!!! This place rocks and I will definitely go back if I'm ever looking for a quick cheap meal that is above average (for a dive bar)
5	I don't really understand how this place gets bad reviews. I looked at the profile of one reviewer in particular and he seemed to be a very negative person but reasonably intelligent, it's rather baffling. I want to know where he's getting a 1/2 (1/3?) pound ground sirloin burger cooked to order for 4.50? If you don't like bars don't go here? Or people or beer? I mean, I'm not the biggest fan of persons, but I love Hemmingway's. College bros. I hate them too, but at Hemmingway's they don't seem so bad. It's their natural environment, you know. I don't want a deer in my bedroom but they're rather delightful in Frick Park. Is the bar loud as hell? Sure. Should some bars be loud as hell? Sure. The food is good. Okay, I would prefer real cheese to the cheese sauce but yet I still order the nachos all the time. The burgers are just the right size and the fries are top-tier. Is it an afternoon? Nachos, quesadelias, and three pitches of Yeungling  sound good? 35 bucks. How could you complain? That's not even half price, um, prices. The only thing I've had there I didn't love was the Tortellinni. The daily beer special goes from amazing to good. $2 crafts, basically. I mean, I'll take the $6 pitchers of Yuengling if the craft is Blue Moon but anything else I'm pretty much game. Oh yeah, Six Dollar Pitchers of Yuengling. There's a place that beats it, but I mean, can you really complain? You cannot. $5 Pitchers of Miller Lite, if you're, ahem, into that sort of thing. The service. Really good considering the place you're in. The servers are fast and generally concerned about what's going on. I'm normally the type to just go get drinks from the bar as long as its not uncouth, but here I don't have to, the servers are quick enough.  Go, have fun. That's all.
4	Good beer selection and friendly wait staff. We were the first ones here before going on to a party. Apparently I blinked because the place was suddenly packed and loud. We had a couple beers at the O next door waiting for this place to open.  They should open a little earlier on the weekend.
3	It's been awhile since I've been here, but I doubt much has changed.  Hem's is one of the main watering holes for Pitt students, given its convenient location adjacent to many dorms.  It's pretty much your typical college-oriented dive bar, and is as loud and divey as you'd expect of this type of establishment.  The highlight of my visit during the evening hours was the $5 pitchers of sweet alcoholic drinks with candy--though be careful, because these types of drinks will get you drunk in no time, esp. if you're not a big drinker, like me!One lesser-known aspect of Hem's is that it's open for lunch hour.  I came here with my labmates during lunchtime about a year ago, and my sandwich, the Alabama Slammer, was actually surprisingly decent (I had low expectations for the food here).  Given that few people think of coming to Hem's during the off hour of lunch, it wasn't crowded at all, and service wasn't half-bad.  If you're looking for an off-the-beaten path place to have a casual sit-down lunch in Oakland, I'd recommend it!  3.5 stars.
3	You know you're getting older when you walk into your old college hangouts and, while still feeling nostalgic, recognize exactly why those old hangouts are no longer a regular part of your life. Don't get me wrong, I will definitely always enjoy Hemingway's for what it is - a good place to get some pretty delicious fries, to stop in for pretty decent deals on beer, and to give in to my cravings for large burgers, gyros, and a range of fried appetizers. And if I'm ever looking for a place to eat reasonably priced pierogies I'll always consider coming here to get them, as their giant bowl of pierogies makes a meal in and of itself even if it's on the appetizer menu.But now that I'm a few years out of college, I also know that I'll never come to Hemingway's in the evening during Pitt's spring and fall semesters again. No longer do I have it in me to tolerate screaming tipsy students blowing off steam after classes. And I'm definitely growing older if I'm noticing the rips and tears in the booths and dings and scratches in tables and on the walls. Those things didn't matter to me once. Although in a way, they still don't. It's Hemingway's - no one goes here expecting the ritz. And if you're looking for a quick bar-like sort of place, honestly as long as you avoid the student rush (i.e. stop in during their daylight hours or even in the evening during the summer) I think Hemingway's is definitely a place to consider, with its quick service and a menu of bar-food type goodness that just hits the spot when you're craving some affordable bar-food goodness. Sure, it's no longer a favorite place for me to hang out, especially since if I've failed to eat reasonably healthy foods throughout the day before eating here I feel awful (yep, definitely getting older!) - but it's still an a-ok place to eat if you're in the mood for what they have, and I'll always look back on my old college watering hole fondly.So thanks for the memories, Hems - and I'll be back the next time I want some of your delicious french fries!
5	I can't stop raving about this place ever! I originally gave Hemingway's a four star rating due to the fact that the place is extremely cramped with college kids. However, after my experience last night I am gladly updating to five stars! I've only ever visited Hemingway's during school season so naturally it's flooded with the college crowd. Last night, my boyfriend and I decided to grab some cheap eats and drinks before heading out to a club for the night. Coming here in the summer is sooo much better. There still is a decent crowd, but it's much more calm and you don't have to scream like crazy for the person across from you to hear what you're saying. The food was amazing (as usual)! We ordered nachos as an appetizer. They were doused in spicy cheese, olives, peppers, salsa and sour cream. I had the "ABC Wrap," which was a delicious wrap stuffed with avocado, bacon and chicken. My boyfriend had the Rachel and loved it! I'm not a fan of 1000 island dressing, but even after taking a bite I was in love! We also ordered a pitcher of Miller Light because it's only $5 24/7! The drinks and food came to only $19 because we were there during one of their three happy hours throughout the day. Most food is half off and you can find some awesome drink specials! You can't get any better!
4	I've been here twice now since I've graduated college and I finally feel like I can give an unbiased, honest review: I really like Hemingway's. The chicken tenders are really tasty and when you order tater tots, you don't just get a side of them, you get a BOAT of them! (I'm serious guys, tater tot boats, check it out). They also have great drink specials! I'm not a beer drinker so it's nice when I go to a place that has deals on liquor too.The staff are very friendly and do their best to make sure you're taken care of.  I went to the poetry event they had a few days ago and they made sure that everyone attending had been asked if they needed anything (even the latecomers). Final Thought: Great place for grabbing a drink or a bite with coworkers or friends.
4	As a Pitt student, Hem's has a special place in my heart. They are the only bar that I know of that serves shot pitchers which basically is a huge mixed drink in a pitcher water is usually served out of at restaurants and topped off with small plastic "shot" containers and gummy worms. My favorites are the Pathfinder and Jolly Rancher. They have a huge selection and there are specials on certain days. The atmosphere of Hem's is casual. I would give Hem's all five stars except it has one downfall which is that is gets ridiculously loud with people yelling to talk to you and the DJ playing music. Most people go to Hem's for the drinks and to hang out with their friends but do not forget about their bar food. I highly recommend the pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich and spinach artichoke dip. If you go there during certain times, they have half off.Hem's is the perfect college bar to hang out with friends, grab some shot pitchers and food, and unwind from the week!
3	I have fond memories of Hemingway's from being a Pitt student. In fact, I celebrated my 21st birthday here. I loved the halfprice food from 9-11pm too-always good for broke college kids. I remember it being overly loud-which if I was 21 and thought it was loud I can only imagine what I'd think of it now! All of their wraps were decent-I've had many of them.  I'd also recommend the spinach dip. However, in my opinion, Hemingway's is much more fun when you are closer to 21 than you are to 30.....if you know what I mean!
3	Oh Hem-Hems.  My beloved college hangout. Some things have changed. Others have not. This is still a great spot to come and grab some quick grub or a pint in between or after classes.  Not going to lie, it's our number one homecoming destination. (H2P)The food is typical bar food, but done right.  I have had basically everything on the menu, and you can't go wrong. A few favorites are the spinach and artichoke dip, extreme buffalo wrap, turkey club wrap.  I am sad that they no longer carry the curly fries. Those were my shiz!!! It can get quite busy on a Friday or Saturday evening, and service can slow down, but they definitely do their best.I love me some Hems and I ALWAYS make sure to pop in whenever I'm in Oakland. You should too!
3	Great beer specials but it's always over crowded and very noisy. It would be an awesome place if they could somehow do better crowd control. Pretty sure the fire marshal wouldn't be thrilled to see the sea of humanity within.
3	Went here for a quick drink and food. My friend got the chicken wrap and tator tots and they were pretty tasty. They have a good beer selection, but I don't like beer so I tried the pitcher of Fuzzy Navel. In this case, the drink was wayyy too sweet, but I can't complain too much since it was only $5. I liked the little gummy worm surprise at the bottom (though it probably contributed to making the drink even sweeter). I'd get it again if there were more people to share the pitcher with, since it's too sweet to just share among two people. We then decided to get something to counteract the sweetness and ended up taking shots of whiskey. Yup, a great idea... but that's another story.
3	Aka Hem's. So I was in Pitt visiting and we stopped only because food was 1/2 OFF. Pretty standard bar grub - fried things, sandwiches, burgers, wraps, etc.I had the chicken tenders and loaded fries. The tenders are served 6 on a plate with a side of honey mustard. The batter reminded me of fish and chips, pretty good nonetheless. The loaded fries were topped with cheese, bacon, scallions and served with ranch.   My friend ordered the mozzarella sticks and garlic parmesan wings. The wings are fairly large. We didn't order any drinks. Since we didn't order alcohol Hem's charges a $1.00 surcharge per person - fair enough. Overall, a college bar with decent bar fare.
4	During my grad school days Hemingway's Cafe was a staple.  My friends loved ordering the quirky 'buckets of shots' with names like, Lady GaGa and Taylor Swift.  As someone over 30 I couldn't in good conscious order a pitcher of shots (without becoming ill from the insane amount of sugar and alcohol) but no worries, because "Hems" always has a great selection of beer on draft.The grad school crew favorite was the pita chips and artichoke dip.  Rich, creamy and full of fat.  And delicious.  The I-Need-To-Eat-Healthy version of myself loves the selection of wraps, with the hot honey wrap taking center stage.  Instead of fries I always opt for mashed potatoes.  The wait staff here is great and have worked there for many years.  They're friendly and go out of their way to make sure you're enjoying yourself and that your glass is never empty.  The atmosphere is pure college.  Small booths and crowded throughways.  So turn your nose down and enjoy it for what it is - a great college bar and restaurant.
3	I've been here 10+ times since my last review so I thought I should update. First, their long island pitcher is really great! Actually, all of their shots pitchers seem tasty! I love how they add those gummy worms. By the time your drink is done, they have sucked up a good amount of alcohol ;) For food, I would recommend the pulled pork grilled cheese. It's my favorite thing on their menu and I've tried many things! I also enjoy their buffalo chicken wrap. The pulled pork wrap was also tasty. It comes with cole slaw on(in?) it.Half priced food after 9pm can't be beat!  I know one day I'll be older and Hem's won't be "my thing", so I'm gonna enjoy it while I can. Just remember it's a college bar and can get loud! I have even became annoyed with the noise level a few times and im your average 23 year old :)
