4	I first happened upon this store when I complimented this guy's shirt a while back at Shady's.  It was a SWEET white Guatemalan tunic with turquoise accents.   The guy looked at me funny,  told me he got it at Yucatecan Imports.  Knowing that he got it from some obscure place - and that the chances of someone else having that same shirt would be very slim (only him) -- that's all it took for me to be sold on this place.Note:  In case you're wondering where Yucateca is -- it's right between Canadia and Dumbassia.I was there THAT weekend, seeking out the store - tucked all incognito-like in the Mill Avenue Shops spanish-style courtyard.  Of course, that tunic was NOWHERE to be found.  That would be too perfect, right?  But I found a really cool specialty Latin import store in the process with a bunch of goodies for the seasoned ethnic collector.  Most everything is hand-woven: wallets, clothing, necklaces, bags, etc.  And nearly everything is from Mexico, Central and South America - with some items from Thailand, Tibet, India and Turkey.The owner is a serious importer and a friendly guy too.   I don't find this store as comprehensive as my other favorite import store - Suenos on 7th St., but I find it very worthy nevertheless.
4	This store has such a variety of imports all cramped in a store not much bigger than my bedroom at home. They don't have a back room, so what you see is what you get. I haven't ever really bought a vast amount of items here, but it is still fun to look around. They have a wide assortment of ponchos (I love the ones with the llamas on them), cute purses/bags, jewelry and knick -knacks. The prices are pretty affordable, too. And don't forget to get your free bracelet when you go there..."one per customer, per lifetime". I think I have five.
4	The coolest, most unique shop in Arizona.  Yucatan Imports is quietly nestled in a nice little garden area off Mill Ave. by the custom t-shirt shops and is definitely worth a look.  Everytime I walk in the guy behind the counter is super nice and friendly and offers alot of knowledge about the items in the store.  There is just so much amazing stuff here, the Singing bowls and prayer wheels from Tibet are my favorite and Everything in the store is hand selected and imported by the owner.  They also have the best selection of Hemp bracelets I've found to date. Very cool.
5	What? A cultural store in the state of Arizona? You mean one besides the touristy Native American ones on every corner?Indeed you heard me correctly. For the longest time, I never even knew this store existed! It is somewhat hidden, located in the courtyard next to/behind Fatburger on Mill.I have been in there twice and I was amazed within the first 10 seconds, the first time I went in. This shop is very unique, very interesting. They have stuff from many different countries, the man will tell you that when you walk in. He will also give you a tour of the small store. I got one both times I went, it was great. I remember in particular the little things carved out of nuts, it's weird yet utterly amazing! They have so many different things; jewely, purses, beads, rings, trinkets, doo-dads, thingamagigs, etc. But seriously, it's great. The next thing I am going to get there is some kind of Elephant purse/handbag.Absolutely a great place to stop by if you are near Mill Ave. Very interesting and an awesome place for those of us in in the Valley that actually admire Culture.
5	This store has a huge variety of amazing trinkets, jewelry, artwork, and clothes from all corners of the world.  The owner and his staff are very knowledgable about the items they sell and have great stories and pictures to share. The owner does all his own shopping from locals in other countries...a real importer.   Definitely worth it to seek out this store in a courtyard off of Mill Avenue in Tempe.
5	Wandered in this jewel of a shop today during the Yelp Scavenger Hunt and wow! I can't wait to come back and buy some goodies. The owner is extremely friendly and is good at reading a person's tastes. He noticed my necklace and was quick to point out other Judaica I might like. He clearly loves his shop and all the items found therein. And boy is it full of colorful stuff!It's a bit off the beaten path of Mill Ave, but certainly worth a stroll over.
4	Great little store, unique items, Im coming back. Tip : hidden a little bit inside courtyard. Unusual items from out of country. good prices.
4	Now this place is an absolute hidden gem! It's on Mill Ave, between a few shops & easily missed. I'm glad we went and explored a bit and stumbled upon this place.Everything sold here is from an exotic country. The place is family-owned; the owners-a sister and her 2 brothers are the ones that go to these out of the way places to get the items themselves! It was so nice chatting with Paige, one of the owners of this establishment. She had such wonderful stories of each of the different countries she had visited and of each of the pieces that they had at the store.  My favorite was of her visit to Nepal & Mt Everest.I wish I had been able to take some pictures of the beautiful treasures in this place. (phone died, lol.) All items were hand-made and unique of a certain country. They had little satchels made in Africa, wooden sculptures from Thailand, those beautiful Mardi Gras type of masks from Italy, little tokens from Nepal, dresses from Mexico, Japanese artwork, and so many other lovely things from all over the world! I can't wait to come back and see the new things that they've brought back, and of course hear new and more of the awesome stories and adventures of how and where they got them!  If you're ever in Tempe, you need to stop by and check this place out!  Next time, I'll take some pictures to share!
5	I give this establishment 5 stars, because it's owner-operated and not run by bubble-heads texting who think they're above you. The owners' stories are the best part of the shopping experience. They purchase from small villages not huge conglomerate warehouses. So they are supporting lifestyles and bringing much needed essentials to people, like food and water. The love and gratitude that goes into each piece produced (usually by hand) is apparent! Local materials are obviously used and the colors are magnificent! I come here every time I need gifts. Did I mention that the cost is unbelievably inexpensive? Kudos to shop owners who support small village people and cultures.
4	I very much like this store too, however, since the World's most horrific animal sacrifice just took place in Nepal, anything made in Nepal is in the trash.  Nepal is now in the sewer.  These maniacal savages just butchered thousands of animals in their arena of death, all in front of each other, with animals whining, screaming and trembling in fear.  They are mystic ignorant blood thirsty savages that flock to killing festival sacrifices.  No more Nepal for me.  I'll buy your other goods but not Nepal and of course NOT China.
5	First off, it's a family owned business AND is fair trade. :) They carry imports from all over the world, Albania to Tibet. It's unique because unlike chain stores such as "World Market", they purchase crafts straight from the people that make them and most of the items are handmade, not factory made. It's definitely a place to buy that special gift for someone. I wanted a lot of items, especially this Thai dragon that is made from thread I believe but it's very durable and can be a sculpture or hang on your bookcase, really quite something. I ended up buying some WWII Eastern European items and some Tibetan incense for a friend. Come in, you won't be disappointed. :) (Just wish they had more locations.)
