4	They have some pretty cool, unique watches for under $50.  I've bought two watches from this store since living in Las Vegas, and both have gotten some positive comments from people that have seen them.  In fact, it may almost be time to add another Fossil watch to my collection!
4	Lots of great watches for $40-$120. Collector's watches and new fashions. They do but very minor repair work on site so that can be a real bummer. Lots of great stuff, shirts,hats,sunglasses,purses and time pieces.
4	This is another great store at the Las Vegas Premium outlets.I was pleasantly surprised to see that have other brands besides Fossil. There are some Michael Kors and DKNY watches here too.It's pretty awesome actually because aside from the watches on display in the glass cabinets, they have tables and tables of watches on sale that are $10 and up. There are all kinds of shapes, colors and brands. You'll have a feast day looking at all the different watches.Aside from the watches, this store also sells all kinds of other goodies. There are cute sunglasses at the front of the store. Purses at the side of the store and wallets in the back.The staff is pretty cool too. I saw a DKNY watch that I liked but was looking to see if they had it in different colors. The lady I asked was very helpful and showed me all the different colors that she could find :).Great place :).
4	Ahh some things are truly meant to be.I am that girly girl that loves the color pink. What can I say? It's my favorite my color :). I guess it'll be easy for you to guess what color watch I was looking for when I went to this this Fossil location a month ago. I had spotted this super cool DKNY watch I had previously seen in an ad on Lucky magazine. I saw these watches in different colors but alas no pink. Green, check. Black, check. Gray, check. Purple, check. Pink, no.No pink watch...till..drumroll please...my second trip here! This second time I had no plan of buying a watch. I was just at the Fossil store browsing and waiting for my aunt and uncle. I was starting to help them pick out watches when all of a sudden I see it! The exact DKNY watch I saw in the magazine and it was in pink! Haha..so meant to be :).This Fossil store truly rocks! Now I know you may not all love pink like I do...but have no fear. There are all kinds of watches here and I'm sure you'll find the watch meant for you too :).
5	Fossil is a brand that is recognized as being stylish, hip, and it looks good too. Why pay for the brand at regular price ($80- $125 for watches seen at department stores like Macys), when you can get it all here for way less- watches (including other brands like DKNY and Adidas), leather wallets, leather purses (the sale prices can be high since the retail price is generally pretty up there and the bigger purses can be pretty heavy, just a warning), canvas bags, leather wristlets, belts, jewelry, and sunglasses (except clothes- check the website for that- on a rare occasion, there will be a rack of clothing)- sometimes you will see other accessories like scarves and cosmetic cases. There are many items on the floor that you can touch and feel for yourself but there are items in the glass cases- like the three band watch bundle (just ask an associate for assistance). Battery replacements for Fossil watches cost $10.00 BTW. The largest selection of the items are the watches; especially the ones marked $39.99- usually on three tables and in stacks and stacks. Whenever I browse, I always see several styles/colors/bands that catch my eye. Everything is neatly arranged. The store is always clean. The staff always greet you as you enter. One of the managers there knows us because we are frequent customers. (But my husband has more Fossil watches than I do.) Nice place to get gifts for yourself and the fashionable hipsters on your Christmas gift list. Busy popular place. Long live the Fossil outlet.# 500.
4	This Fossil was really easy to shop. I just walked in, and described what I was looking for (it was a gift; she had already seen it, and described it to me) and the sales lady showed it to me in 9000 colors. It was super fast and awesome! Couldn't ask for a better experience!
5	When you purchase a Michael Kors or Emporio Armani watch, you are basically buying a Fossil.The reason why is that most handbag and apparel fashion houses don't have time to put together their own watch designs out of scratch. Very few of them do, and they outsource their design elements to people like Fossil. For example, Fossil builds Michael Kors watches while Movado makes Coach watches. Ask the full price stores themselves if you don't believe me.Anyways, that being said, Fossil employees are alot more knowledgeable about the warranty details of YOUR WATCH from Michael Kors or Armani than the original retailer themselves. They usually can provide replacement straps on the spot, reinstall batteries, while offering to mail your broken watch to the warehouse if the issue is more complicated. I have two broken Fossil based watches and this store resolved all of them. They mailed my Michael Kors watch back to their warehouse and sold me a strap for my Fossil Twist after the original one broke. The manager merely glanced at my broken wrist strap and immediately identified it as a 22mm strap.Thats a whole lot better of a response than hearing "Call the number" from the warranty card of your watch that you have inevitably lost. Remember when you purchased a brand spanking new car stereo for your car and they gave you that stupid remote? Who the hell uses that?
