5	Awesome veterinarian. From the moment we walked in we knew this would be our vet. Dr Sarah and the entire staff were very helpful, taking time to explain everything to us. Since the pooch has heartworm, he's been back here for grooming, as well. Everybody is awesome to us (and our dog)!
5	At times I think our little Schnauzer, Trigsey gets better health care than either of his two dads.We feel so fortunate to have found Dr. Sarah Brown at the North Scottsdale Animal Hospital.  I remember having pets that were scared to death to go to see the vet.  However, all we have to do is say "Do you want to go see Dr. Brown" and Trigsey is at the door waiting to go.Dr. Brown and her staff are all so gentle and professional that we feel totally at ease leaving our little fur child in their care.   And when we pick him up, there are none of those sad doggie "how could you leave me" eyes.   As Trigsey would say, "YELP  Dr. Brown is the BEST Vet in North Scottsdale!"
5	I'm so grateful to have found Dr. Josh and his wonderful staff! My elderly cat was being treated at a nearby Banfield and after 3-4 months they couldn't figure out what was wrong with her. I had the good fortune of finding North Scottsdale Animal Hospital online and after ONE VISIT Dr. Josh was able to figure out the issue and start stabilizing her. I truly believe that if I hadn't found this wonderful clinic, my furry kiddo wouldn't be alive right now. I have recommended Dr. Josh to all my friends and family and will continue to do so. The staff here go out of their way to make you comfortable and to treat their patients with as much love as they would treat their own pets. As if all that weren't awesome enough, their prices are so reasonable! I will never go to another animal hospital again, North Scottsdale Animal Hospital has it all for me :-)
5	If you are looking the "small town" vet treatment, this is the vet for you. ALL staff is very caring and passionate about pets. The staff always tries to accommodate me and help my dogs in any way possible. When I call, they remember me and my pet's names and when I walk in unexpected, they remember my name.I highly recommend this vet. I came from a small town with a close friend as a vet and I get even better treatment here with North Scottsdale Animal Hospital!
5	My wife took our Border Collie in for her shots there.  The people were friendly and the vaccines were priced reasonably.  They also do boarding there as well at reasonable prices.  My wife said she was very happy with the service she received.
5	Great Vet. Unfortunately, I had to put 2 dogs down with Josh. I was a mess. I asked if I could have a dog to cry with in the room and he brought me one to sit with me. He let me stay as long as I needed. The staff are awsome. Everyone really cares about the animals. Josh is very honest when it comes to treatment and choices. He won't rush you into making any decisions. I highly recommend it. If you have questions or concerns, someone is always there to provide help and guidance.
5	We have been going to Dr. Sosnow and Dr. Brown for 1.5 years.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  Both vets are attentive, supportive and given options for treatment.  We had many questions about our puppy's food and environmental allergies.  The staff and vets were patient and answered all our questions, especially over the phone.  Our puppy got sick 5 days before we were getting married.  We couldn't take her to PetSmart and the vet's boarding was full so one of the staff members offered to care for her for a few days.  So nice!  I can't imagine going anywhere else!
5	So-Happy! Thank goodness people and businesses like this DO still exist. Long story long: I have a cat. She needed a quick, albeit uncomfortable procedure done (office visit all of 20 mins) I have not one nice thing to say about my previous vet of 7 years who sent us away with very little concern or sympathy but they did render us a bill for a service they could not perform... so... that's that. From my first contact with N. Scottsdale Animal Hospital, I encountered professionalism, great customer service, and of all things, FRIENDLINESS! Oh my, how nice it is to speak to someone on the phone, in person, via email, any form of communication with a business that actually makes you feel like they give-a-hoot. Everyone had a great attitude: Reception (Brooke), Technician (James), our Veterinarian (Dr. Sosnow). Their experience and aptitude is clear and stress easing. Hard to find professionalism, knowledge, and a great attitude all in the same business... they've nailed it.  Happy cat, happy client -- Thank you!!
5	I have only the most positive things to say about Josh Sosnow and North Scottsdale Animal Hospital!  We have been going there for 6 years now and have only had the best service, care and compassion.  All of the staff is nice and patient and gives you the time you deserve during your appointment.  We take our dog there for grooming as well and have only had good experiences. Dr. Josh also referred us to Brice Cavanaugh, a dog trainer who saved my dog's life and mine :).    You really can teach an old dog new tricks. My family is very thankful to both Josh and Brice!
5	I had been taking my dog to a large Animal Hospital. My dog was just another Pet! She was scared to death to come in.. Each time I went another Doctor came out to tell me my sweet dog needed another expensive something or other. My dog has been pretty healthy. Another dog owner told me about NSAH. I figured I would have to go and get her dog "stuff" and they would try to get me to stay there. The staff at NSAH took care of getting all the information . What a relief!! Dr Josh and staff were very sweet to my dog and ME! I am so glad to go to a Veterinarian who is sweet to my dog and me. The whole attitude of NSAH is warm and sweet to my dog. So glad I have found them
5	Dr. Josh and all of his staff are truly wonderful. My dog loves to visit them. They are caring and compassionate. Conveniently located off the 101.
5	North Scottsdale Animal Hospital is the best!  Dr Josh was really kind to my pet  Peetie and diagnosed his problem quickly and gave us an easy solution.
1	Don't go here. It's just not worth it.I found North Scottsdale Animal Hospital & Dr Josh like most of you, on Yelp. The reviews sounded great so I made an appointment.The night before her appointment, I found a small, round mass under her fur. I was so thankful we had an appt the following day. This would now be the priority.The next day, I took her in. Dr Josh took a needle biopsy. I got a call several days later saying it was malignant. The doctor hypothesized that it was the side effect of an old immunization, said it was common, that he did these routine surgeries often, and would need to be removed asap. I panicked and said of course.I was on vacation so I called my sister and asked if she would take Callie in for the surgery. We would schedule it the day I got home so that I could return and take care of her. She said of course.I did research and learned that in 20% of these cases, the tumor metastasizes to the lungs. I stressed to my sister to have the vet do a chest xray before the surgery to ensure this was it - that we would catch everything. My sister stressed the point over and over to the clinic and the doctor - in telephone conversations and the day of the surgery. We were told it was a waste of money, that tumors like these "almost never" metastasize.My sister took Callie to the vet the morning of the surgery and again asked for the xrays. She was told by reception that they would pass it on to the doctor and that if he thought it would be at all helpful that it would be done. He did not so it was not done.She picked her up. My sister wasn't prepared for the size of the incision, neither of us were. We were told this is a routine surgery, Callie would take a few days to recover, but that it would be nothing serious. This looked serious.I rushed home from the airport. I got home, Callie didn't even lift her head. The was huge, but what was worse was that Callie had her IV catheter still bandaged and sticking out of her arm. I asked my sister why that was. She didn't know. I asked for the discharge instructions. There were no instructions, no 911 number if I had questions. I called the vet and the recorded message referred me to a 24-hour emergency vet. I rushed there.That vet said that the IV catheter should not have been left in. It was a portal directly into her body that could expose her to a virus or bacteria. They removed it.Dr Josh called the next day & apologized. I calmed down. He said they had felt her entire body for more tumors and there were none. He said in 3 months when the fur grew back, it would be like nothing had ever happened. Callie didn't live 3 months. She didn't even live 2 weeks.Four days after the surgery, she got a cold. The hospital had apparently exposed her to sick animal. I felt awful - my baby was cut up, hurting & now had a cold. One week later, I got home from work to find her stomach convulsing at a different rate from her breath. We were living somewhere else so I got online and found a well-rated vet 12 miles from home. We rushed in.The vet that night found the tumor in her lung - the one Dr Josh said wasn't there. The tumor was half the size of her heart. I made an appointment with a cancer specialist. The next day, a vet found her paw had multiple abscesses at the nail bed - 10 days after leaving North Scottsdale Animal Hospital! She was an indoor cat. The day after, they did an ultrasound on her stomach. They found a third tumor wrapped around her adrenal gland. There was nothing to be done. The tumor on her skin was an indication of what was happening inside her body. It was a symptom. Dr Josh had only bothered to acknowledge the symptom leaving the rest to behind to kill her.We went home and Callie crawled into the closet. I found another tumor under her skin. It was 1.5" from Dr Josh's incision & within the area they had shaved to do the surgery. He had assured me they had checked her entire body & there was nothing. That was a lie.I said goodbye to Callie 13 days after the surgery performed by Dr Josh. Would she have survived this cancer if Dr Josh had done his job? No. But her quality of life would have been drastically improved & likely extended. The surgery & the cold, took the last of her strength. I could have better informed with more options.My doctor at my new home said all of these cancers were so rare that no one could have predicted them ... BUT I'm pissed because I know that my cat didn't get (a) the care I specifically requested, nor (b) the care a human would have received given the circumstances. Corners were cut, mistakes were made. There's a great deal of people who love their animals as much I love my cat. We want/need the best possible care for them. The worst case scenario should have been ruled out. I did my homework, I asked for the right tests, and Dr Josh decided not to perform them. He said I was being overly cautious.
5	They are so kind and friendly to the animals that come in. They're very gentle with my fur baby and always get us in in an emergency, even if it turns out to be a simple bee sting. You can tell they're real animal lovers.
5	Where do I begin??Plain & simple: I don't know what I would do without Dr. Josh and Dr. Sarah!The amazing doctors and their fabulous staff are like my second family and have treated my furry babies like they were their own. You're NOT just another client, you're family!Two of our cats were diagnosed and treated for renal failure and one for a tumor and the doctors and staff celebrated every success and milestone with me as well as shared hugs and tears when they passed. My grieving process was made a bit easier by knowing that Dr. Josh and Dr. Sarah had given the best care available to us. Both doctors and staff have made themselves available to me for any and all questions (and boy did I have ALOT) and I even had the option of emailing them anytime I wanted. We got a new furry baby in the last year who has issues with the herpes virus (he was infected before we adopted him) and the staff does a great job with dealing with all his eye infections and sneezy weezys (not to mention his cranky self :-D).I truly feel so blessed to have found this clinic. They have been such a huge source of support for me and our little family.Say hi to Mac (the hospital cat) when you go in!!! :)
5	This place is great. We have been bringing our pug here for over a year and the staff is always so friendly. A few weeks ago I brought my dog in for a routine grooming appointment. I couldn't be back to pick him up right when he was finished (the whole process takes about 4 hours). I told them I would be about 20 minutes late. They told me that was fine and that they would place him in a kennel for the time being. I told the receptionist that my dog has severe anxiety attacks when in small enclosed spaces and asked if there was something else they could do until I arrived and they happily offered to keep him up front with reception. He greeted guests and they gave him treats to pass the time. They are all great and you can tell they truly love and care for all animals.
5	I have been coming to Dr. Sosnow and his awesome staff for years. He worked on my cat who was running through his 9 lives quickly and helped give him live a very long life. All of my animals, and I have plenty of them, have had great care here. I won't go anywhere else and highly recommend them to everyone!
1	Just read Tiffany C.'s experience with Dr. Josh missing a critical tumor that he said "wasn't malignant".  Did the surgery on my precious cat, Sissy, on Thursday and she didn't live through the weekend. He wasn't available over the weekend when she was in critical condition, had to take her to an emergency hospital where they said she wouldn't survive and needed to be put to rest.  This was over 5 years ago.  Hmmm.....seems like things have gotten worse not better.
5	Love this vet. They always make sure I'm taking care of without feeling like they're taking advantage of my wallet because I love my dogs. One of my boys has a temper getting his hair cut, and they're great with him. Cannot go without them!
5	We met Dr. Josh Sosnow over 7 years ago after we adopted our first family dog from AZ Animal Welfare League.  He and Lindsay cared for our very special Daisy, until her days on earth were done.  Dr. Josh and Dr. Sarah, Lindsay, and the entire office helped counsel us through her passing....and somehow they helped make it a lovely (although tearful) peaceful goodbye.    We cannot thank them enough for all the love they showed our dog in her final days.  I tear up thinking about it.After some healing, grieving, and time, we adopted another dog from AAWL...a VERY energetic and hard-headed puppy.  NSAH is full of patient (did I say hard-headed puppy?), animal loving people.  We feel so lucky to have found a vet office full of  caring, wonderful people to be in charge of the health/care of our dogs!  You are amazing people!
5	One year ago we adopted Payson from the pound. 24 hours later we learned poor Payson was dying of distemper and was already pretty far along. As first time dog owners, we were petrified. Thanks to Dr. Sarah and the whole team, Payson just celebrated his one year anniversary with us. Great place, great staff, fantastic service!
5	I feel so lucky that we found this amazing place!  They were recommended to us when we moved here to Phx 7 years ago and have become like family.  They have been taking care of my 2 dogs and we couldn't be happier with the care from Dr. Josh, Dr. Sarah and ALL of the staff there.  Recently Dr Josh discovered a lesion on my lab's ankle and it turned out to be cancer.  We needed a lot of hand holding during the process of figuring out how we wanted to treat him.  I appreciated how they let me figure out what we wanted to do, while being there for support and information.Just 2 weeks ago we decided to amputate his back leg so he would be more comfortable and, hopefully, treat the cancer, as it seemed to be a chondrosarcoma.  It was!  He is already running around (well, galloping) and has his joyful smile back.  My husband and I are so grateful that we had this practice to guide us through this process.  My many calls were always answered promptly and with lots of love.I have sent many people here, who always thank me.Many thanks to NSAH for their care and love!
5	Our 9 year old cat, Shina, recently had an anal gland get infected and expand. Extremely worried, we called a few different vets trying to see who could get us in the soonest. North Scottsdale Animal Hospital was available that day and we quickly brought Shina in. The vet techs were extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Apparently this is a common occurrence in both cats and dogs if the anal gland is not expressed naturally or routinely. The doctor was able to express the non-infected anal gland and cut open the other anal gland to relieve the built up pressure and clean the gland out. A staple was placed in the wound to help it close and the doctor warned us to keep an eye on the area and come back if anything changed. Unfortunately, the skin became necrotic and we had to come back a few days later. Our cat was put under anesthesia, had her rump shaved, and the anal gland was once again cleaned out, necrotic skin removed and this time stitched closed. A cone of shame and some kitty antibiotics later, we were able to bring Shina home. She came back in for two checkups and was deemed healthy and healed after two weeks. Shina is as happy and playful as ever. I would highly recommend this place as the staff is friendly, accommodating, and actually cares about your animals. Dr. Sarah was fantastic to work with. If anything else happens to Shina or any of our other animals, I would definitely bring them here.
5	I have been to some really great vets in some really great states, but this is MOST DEFINITELY my favorite of them all.  The staff is so sweet and gentle and the doctors are so kind.  I genuinely feel as if they care about my pet.  They are also reasonably priced and don't try to upsell you on test your pet doesn't necessarily need.  The first vet I ever took my dog to nickle and dimed me for hundreds of dollars for every visit.  This place is honest and tells you what you really need, and what your pet can do without and still be healthy!
5	We have used Dr Josh & Dr Sarah for 8 years (after a terrible experience with another vet). They have provided wonderful care to our dog & I think they have been conservative & thoughtful in their treatment. I always ask them a ton of questions when I'm in their office & they always take the time to answer all of them. It's very obvious to me that they keep up with the latest in veterinary medicine & research.We have sent several friends to them & all of them have also had good experiences with their practice. Even though I have to drive a long way to their office, it's worth every mile!
5	Been going to Dr. Josh since our girl Tiffany was a baby. She just turned 14 last month. Late last year she developed a cancerous cyst in her mouth and it wasn't looking like she'd see Christmas let alone her 14th birthday. With some very delicate surgery, several rounds of chemo and a ton of from Josh and his awesome staff, Tiff is still with us and we'll be forever thankful to have them all in our lives. They care. That matters. Would highly recommend them.
1	Took my cat in for a UTI, found out that bladder stones were causing her UTI. The vet was very nice and showed me both the ultrasound and the x-rays. She explained that there are a couple types of bladder stones, one type that can be dissolved with a diet change and another that required surgery. There were no crystals in her urine so we couldn't tell which type of stones they were. We agreed on a diet change and another visit next month to see if the stones shrunk or disappeared. I made it clear that I didn't want surgery to be our first option, the procedure is very invasive, risky and expensive... so we tried the diet change and she gave us pain medication.Fast forward to the next day, I called with a question and they were extremely rude and pushy, refusing to treat the UTI with antibiotics to make her more comfortable until we found a solution to the bladder stones. They told me that I'd just have to deal with my cat's discomfort and that there was nothing more they could do until I decided to schedule her surgery. They also told me that the food alone wouldn't show any results for at least 6 weeks, if at all and the only "immediate action" was surgery. Not true.The phone conversation left me with a bad feeling, so I took her for a second opinion. The second vet treated her UTI with antibiotics and said that there was no reason why we couldn't make her more comfortable until we chose a course of action for the bladder stones. I felt that North Scottsdale Animal Hospital was trying to pressure me into a $2,000 surgery that could potentially be avoided altogether. The second vet also quoted me much less on the surgery if we end up having to go that route.The vet and the reception staff were very friendly and helpful at first, until I decided against surgery. I have begun care for my cat elsewhere.
5	This morning, while cuddling with my fur baby, I thought about how lucky I am to have a happy and healthy pup. If anything ever happens to him, I know just where to go. I found Enzo at a county animal shelter. He was skin and bones and in desperate need of a bath. After coxing him into the tub I realized he brought home several fat ticks. I got most of them off myself but a few had made their home in between his paw pads. The next day, I took my new guy to see Dr. Josh for a check up and for help with the ticks. The vet tech that checked us in advised me to wait a few weeks to see the vet to save some money (he wasn't able to get his shots for another two weeks anyways). Vet tech did a check up and helped remove the nasty buggers that I wasn't able to myself. A couple weeks later we met Dr. Josh. Enzo immediately gave him his loudest, scariest bark. Dr. Josh didn't even flinch and brought in his own Airedale pal. Having his dog in the room immediately calmed Enzo down and made the visit a lot less stressful for him. I am so thankful I have this clinic right around the corner. Enzo is in good hands at North Scottsdale Animal Hospital.
5	I am so pleased with my experiences at North Scottsdale Animal Hospital. My pup received the best care during our annual visit and I am so happy with their grooming services! The price was great and I felt that my dog was in the best hands. The grooming turned out adorable and an hour after I picked her up my dog is resting peacefully looking cute and relaxed. Thank you North Scottsdale Animal Hospital!
