5	I was a little skeptical about using VIP N VEGAS, because I heard a lot of shady stuff about VIP services in vegas. Rich, who contacted me, assured me that everything was going to be completely legitimate, and that he would get us into the club at NO problem.  And boy, VIP n VEGAS did not disappoint, and they really stood by their name.My group was trying to get VIP service into XS. Noah contacted me and we scheduled a time and place to meet. My group has 6 guys and 7 girls.  We were pre partying and needed a little more time, so I just texted Noah, and he postponed the time for me and it didn't change anything. As soon as we met at the meeting point, sure enough, Noah got us in in a matter of minutes.Not only did we walk past the hundreds of people who were waiting in line to get in, but Noah made us feel like we were VIP, and we were some important people cutting in front of the line to get in. It was a great feeling, and we would DEFINITELY trust VIP n VEGAS for our next trip.It's totally worth your money because they really make you feel VIP!!
4	Ive been using Vip in Vegas for a few years now!Usually hit Vegas 5 to 6 times a year for both business and vacation. We have closed many business deals due to the fact that Vip in Vegas takes care of myself and my clients in the best way possible. Whatever club or restaurant they take us to we always end up with the best table in the place.I have used other VIP hosts in the past but honestly I don't think I will ever change. The service is not even comparable to the other hosts i've used in the past.Thanks Again,
5	VIPnVegas provided great services for my best friend's bachelor's party.  I had arranged a party package for 13 guys to hit up Sapphire and head to XS with bottle service.  We traveled in style in a Hummer Limo and everything went very smoothly.  My driver and my host were always in contact to make sure we synchronized on timing and took us from destination to destination.  Noah, our host, was indispensable getting all of us straight to the front of the XS door, showing us to our table, and making sure our waitress had our bottles delivered right away.  The table gave us a great home base and made it so easy to pull girls, especially the ones at the stripper pole right in front of us :-)  These guys provided everything you could hope for in a VIP service and my buddies tell me it was one of the best nights out they've ever had.
5	I organized bottle service at Surrender Nightclub for a bachelor party of 10.  Noah and his VIPnVegas team were very professional from start to finish.  On the night of the party, our host Noah was on time and my group was escorted into the club with no drama whatsoever.  We had an amazing cabana reserved and waiting for us as promised.  I highly recommend VIPnVegas to anyone looking to plan a party in Vegas.  I wish that I could post photos of the cabana and all the fun we had, but as they say, what happens in vegas stays in vegas.  Best time EVER.
5	Let me start by saying that I am Vegas veteran. I have been going to Vegas to party for YEARS. With that being said, I typically do not require the services of a VIP Hosting company.  However this past weekend my good friend was having his bachelor party there and we needed to hit up Wet Republic. When I go somewhere I prefer to go there the right way, at Wet Republic this means we needed a cabana. I tried booking directly through Wet Republic but they could not give a firm commitment that my reservation would be confirmed. I understand that Cabanas at Wet Republic are a hot commodity, but I was willing to pay them 5 grand up front in cash! Still, they would not commit to honoring the reservation if the day off someone came along and outbid me. Most places this type of business practice would be frowned upon, but hey, this is Vegas. Enter VIPNVegas, I called these guys to see if they could give me a straight answer and a firm commitment. I spoke to Rich and told him what I wanted, he gave me a price, along with a written commitment to honor my reservation. Some of you may think this is strange, but a group of 20 guys is typically not going to get in Wet Republic, especially their most coveted Cabana area, Let me also say this was  the weekend of the biggest boxing match of the year, which was also held at MGM. So basically this was one of Wet Republics biggest weekends. Rich told me, just meet me in front of WET Republic at 11:30am and bring your cash. DONE! The day before a member of his team called me to work out all of the logistics and make sure there where no issues. I met Rich with a group of 22 dudes with me and paid him the agreed upon fee, then, all 22 of us walked right through the line to the best Cabana on the property! I was able to book it with a 5K spent minimum, the people at the cabanas next to me all had to spent at least 10K. So not only was Rich more professional to deal with, he was also cheaper! But wait, it doesn't stop there, what if at 2am saturday night you decide you wanna go back to Wet in the morning?? Send RIch a text, problem solved. Sunday morning one the of the VIPNVEGAS crew was there to meet us once again. Simple as pie VIPNVEGAS does exactly what they say they will do. They operate their business like an actual business, which is rare in their industry. I was never the type of person to use these services because I could usually always get what I needed without them. But after working with them this weekend, they are now programmed in my phone for every Vegas trip moving forward. These guys provide top notch service and provide for a hassle free experience. If anyone has ever tried to get a table or a cabana in vegas before at either a nightclub or pool, then you know it is a three ring circus. These guys deal with the dick head bouncers and VIP managers at all the spots so you dont have to. I highly recommend VIPNVegas for ANY need you have in vegas. From something small like you and a buddy looking for a chill spot, to a full on 30 girl/guy megaweekend. You will not regret it!
4	Of course we were skeptical about leaving almost our entire weekend of bachelor party debauchery in the hands of this company; however, very glad we did.  They are the real deal.  Its inexpensive, you wait in NO lines, and the limo we got to drive us around everywhere was INSANE.  40ft stretch Ford F650 with a 50in flat screen and seats 30!  HOLY SH**!  People were looking when we got in that thing.  It was so much fun and totally worth it.  Especially when you have a group of guys you don't want to be just walking up to a club and getting in line.  Forget it, you'd be there for hours; as I'm sure you know the lines for clubs in Vegas are ridiculous.A few tips:Tip #1:  DO NOT GO TO MCFADDENS IN THE RIO.  We went here for 2 hours of all you can drink "top shelf liquor" one night.  That was the one night I feel like we were overcharged by vipnvegas.  That place DOES NOT have top shelf liquor and the bar is serious crap.  They had one kind of scotch, they refused to make martinis (above top shelf I guess?), and were already running a deal for a 2 hour open bar for $15 on wells and beer.  When they have no top shelf liquor, paying $110 a person for a limo ride and a $15 special is not good.  We did get an appetizer tray included, but still, it was just a big plate of 100% deep fried stuff and not very good.  The waitress, Megan, was a huge bitchface too.Tip #2:  Guys, choose Spearmint Rhino over Sapphire's.  Don't let anyone convince you otherwise.  Spearmint girls are way hotter and there are at least 3X more girls there at any given time.  Seriously, don't be fooled.Tip #3:  If you were born in the 70's or early 80's go see Steel Panther at the House of Blues.  It is one of the funniest, most entertaining and fun concerts/shows I have ever seen.  Its only 20 bucks too.  There's butt rock, comedy, topless girls, drinks, and fun to be had.  This was not part of our vipnvegas deal, but just had to tell you because its so good.  We went here after we saw KA at MGM (part of vipnvegas package).  The shows through vipnvegas have a good discount especially for hard to get stuff like KA so its basically like you get a free limo ride.Tip #4:  Pay vipnvegas in cash or they will charge you a 3.5% credit card transaction fee.Ok I'll stop with the novel.  Overall:  awesome.  Would definitely use vipnvegas again.  Highly recommend for bachelor and bachelorette parties (my fiance also used them the weekend before we did), larger groups, and anyone who wants to skip lines.  Who doesn't right?
5	VIPnVegas is as advertised and provided me with not only excellent service, but at a price that was unmatched by other similar companies. For large groups (they helped me plan my cousin's bachelor party), this is the way to go. They got my large group into Marquee (the hottest club in Vegas) with ease, no lines and no hiccups. Rich/Noah set us up with a sweet cabana and bottle service, and the bachelor party was a hit.Highly recommended, and will definitely be using their services again.
1	My bestman booked with VIPNVEGAS to help us organize my bachelors party. He paid the $300 downpayment required to book the event. 5 days prior to my bachelors party, my uncle passed away and we ended up cancelling our trip. I spoke with Rich pleading with him if he can waive our downpayment but due to his company policy 50% was only refunded to my bestman. He said he had to pay the limo service; pay for what? a service that hasn't incurred yet? Other Vegas companies that we hired for that weekend were able to waive our downpayment completely once they found what our reason was. I understand that its a policy but I hope this company had been more empathic and compassionate to its clients.
5	I recently went on a bachelorette party in Vegas that was planned by VIPNVEGAS. We had so much fun and they were so accommodating. Even when things didn't go a planned (our party bus broke down on the way to come and get us), they stepped up and went above and beyond to make sure it didn't affect our good time. Their customer service is amazing and they are worth every penny! I'm planning another trip to Vegas and will be using them again. I highly recommend this service to anyone who wants to go to Vegas and party like a rock star!
5	VIPnVegas really is awesome.  You get exactly what you pay for, and it is worth every cent.  If you were to pay for everything separate, including gratuities, you would probably be paying the same prices, but would also have to wait in lines.  I always recommend.
4	This place is pretty professional. You can tell that the company is ran by someone with business sense. They did recommend that we attend the Superbowl party at Sapphire which was a mistake because that place blows! If you have a group of people who want to party VIP style (especially guys because chics get in free) without all the hassle then definitely give this company a chance.
5	VIP N VEGAS ROCKS !!!  I recently threw a bachelor party for a friend of mine and called them for some help.  At first I was a little apprehensive because I had never used a service like this.  I have to stay everything worked out perfectly!  They were always in touch with me and very professional.  They were always on time.  These guys knew what they were doing every step of the way.  I couldn't believe the look on my friends' faces when we avoided a potential 2 hour wait at club tryst and went straight to our VIP table where we were greeted with a champagne toast and a round of drinks.  At the end of the day I realized that VIP N VEGAS cut out all of the waiting in line, waiting for drinks, trying to find a cab, etc.  All we had to do was party and have a great time!!!  By the way spearment Rhino was great and is probably the best of club in the area.  I would definitely recommend VIP N VEGAS to anyone and will probably use their services in the future.
2	Had used VIPNVEGAS' services last year without a hitch. Opted to use them again for our trip last week. All communication up until the night of our bottle service at XS was worth 5-stars. I worked with Charlee both times, and she was great with responding to our requests and questions.Our Saturday night bottle service experience was sub-par with our whack host who didn't have a clue what he was doing. He admitted his oversight/fault with our ticket which resulted in overcharging my group. He requested $220 additional from the contract-agreed price near the end of the night. He had the nerve to tell me, "you should've known not to go over your limit." Was it my fault that I listened to my own host on the parameters of our bottle service? Was it our fault that my group laid the outcome of our night on our host's shoulders; after all, we were paying for the services. The guy tried to settle this misfortune by offering to take me out to dinner. GTFO, what I want is my money back for your mistake. I shouldn't have even paid the fool.Why I can't up the rating - I e-mailed VIPnVegas attempting to settle for something that wasn't our fault. An apology? A debriefing? No response. You always remember how the entire situation was handled at the end - a bad ending outweighed any good experience we had during the entire process.
5	1. My original e-mail about my group's situation was lost in the channels. This review caught someone's attention at VIPnVegas, and someone immediately contacted me to resolve this situation.2. CLARIFY that the host tried to offer dinner to my group and I, not "me" alone, as a means to reconcile for our incident (having to pay extra). I'd like to stress that the host was not aiming to hit on me/ask me out/have ulterior motives. My intention was to convey how upset I was at the idea of being offered anything but a refund, however...3. Though the night ended up being a fault of others, VIPnVegas offered me a refund as well as future services to settle for our mishap.In the end, both sides are clear on understanding, and we are able to move past this incident.
5	There are plenty of sketchy or incompetent hosts in Las Vegas. Apparently the government is yet to institute a rigorous licensing and continuing education program for club hosts. Until that happens any bozo with a Men's Warehouse suit and a phone number can call himself a VIP Host.Mordechai, Noah, Michael and their crew wear Zegna suits,they've been doing this for years and they know their stuff.In the last two years I'd used this company to arrange bottle service at various clubs about 10 times. Every time I got what I was promised and occasionally even better tables than we originally agreed on. (The secret is to overtip every time!)These guys know all the hosts, all the best tables and they'll introduce you to the coolest people in Vegas while you're there. Use them. Now.
5	VipNVegas was probably the best decision me and my boys did for our bachelor party day. We had a large group of 20 but decided to let VipNVegas handle our bachelor party day. From the getgo they knew exactly where to go and the best spots that saturday night. Our host for the Encore beach club hooked us up nasty and got us a sick waterbed/couch in the most prime location. At night we got hooked up again with a huge Ford F-650 limo and got the sickest table with bottles at the Chateau nightclub facing the Bellagio fountains. We couldn't have asked for any better locations for tables and daybeds. VipNVegas really goes above and beyond their commitment and service and you definitely gotta hit up Michael Tomes to hook you up.
5	Michael Tomes with VIPnVegas is the best in the industry. He always gets us the best prices, tables/seats, waitress, DJ, nightclub, etc. You can't go wrong when you hire Michael. I have used him the last 4 times I have been to Vegas and always tell my friends about him. When you are Michael's client, you are able put your worries aside and prepare yourself for the best time in Vegas! EVERYTHING is done/coordinated for you. You just arrive on time when and where you are told. The limo service is awesome too, its so much fun and a great way to start the night! The best thing about Michael is that he is super fun to hang out with too, he is always welcome to stay and party with us! There are many "VIP Hosts" in Vegas, Michael is the real deal!
5	I recently used VIPNVegas for my best friend's bachelorette party for 8 girls. Michael Tomes took all the worry off my shoulders by helping me plan and coordinate the weekend. We had the most amazing time thanks to him! Our limos were awesome and our host Justin was sure to meet us outside Chateau nightclub to escort us to our VIP table with bottle service. We had the BEST table with the best view of the Bellagio fountain at the club and my best friend was so excited and happy about how her party weekend was. Thank you Vipn Vegas! I will definitely use them in the future!
5	What a PHENOMENAL party-planning service! We had a group of girls come to Vegas for a bachelorette party. We were planning to go-with-the-flow on Fri/Sun nights, but wanted to have our night planned for us on Saturday so we wouldn't have to deal with it.VIP N Vegas was amazing! They planned for a limo to get us from our hotel and take us to the Chippendales show, then to pick us up and take us back to the hotel. There, we would meet our host, who would walk us into Club Haze up to the VIP section. The whole thing was flawless. First, we ended up needing to have the limo pick us up from dinner (not from our hotel), because it ended up going a little long. No problem! They accommodated us without charging extra, raising fuss, etc. Got us seats to Chippendales and then swept back to our hotel again. I should also say we got upgraded from the regular limo to a HUGE Extra-stretch limo SUV! I'm talking, the thing was massive - could have fit 30 people!!!! It was so much fun!!!When we got back to our hotel we wanted to change into flats (our feet hurt!!!) before going to the club. Again - no problem! We soooo appreciated these accommodations! Then we were escorted into Club Haze as VIPs. Not only did we skip the huuuuuge line, there was a much shorter VIP line and we managed to skip it, too! Seriously! We just got to walk right up in there, no problem! We were escorted to the top balcony (which is VIP section) and were able to overlook the whole club and DJ Pauly D as he played.I WISH I could remember the name of our host (I think Mark? or Mike? maybe??? - I wasn't the one who contacted him, but I was in the group), but he was phenomenal! I would definitely recommend for anyone planning a trip to Vegas!!! Leave the details to the professionals!!! : )
5	I will not go to Vegas again without using Vipnvegas, great experience. Thanks guys!
5	I cannot believe how lucky I was to find this company! But most importantly, lucky to have Ryan as our group's host! I went to Vegas in early March for a bachelorette party, and since I was the maid of honor and the only one in the group who has been to Vegas before, I was in charge of planning our trip. I knew that we could NOT just walk up to a nightclub without waiting in the huge lines. I wanted to pass everyone and go right to my table. So after emailing with MANY different companies, I decided on Vipnvegas because Ryan was very honest with me, instead of trying to bs me so I spend more money. I booked a day at Wet Republic and an evening at Tryst Nightclub through him. I felt like what we agreed on was a great price for what I would be getting...but when I got to each place, he went even more above and beyond what we discussed! My girls and I were blown away with how great our experience was with him. I even recommended him to a friend of mine who is going to Vegas next week. And like some other reviews have said, it's definitely better to deal in cash so you don't get the credit card fee.
4	Michael Tomes was very helpful, professional, and reliable! I was very satisfied with everything until I came a across and had the displeasure of meeting Ryan Chastain ( he walked us into the club).  I had come in contact with Ryan a month before my trip about putting a package together and he said he'd get back to me but never came through. I finally decided to call vip n Vegas again (a week before my trip) and that's when I came in contact with Michael T. Michael, Justin and our limo driver Albert, were amazing.
5	I got lucky coming across vipnvegas.  Not only was our promoter really nice but he got us a really great price, literally 300 less than other promoters ( from different companies).  We ended up going to 1oak, (for my bachelor party) and it was legendary.  We had a great spot, grouped in with two other groups  In a three table area, which was great cause everyone was celebrating together.  The truth is for the price, he could've put me anywhere in that club.  With my wedding being in Hawaii and only a month away, we were working with a strict budget, but it worked out amazingly thanks to Adam.  If you like clubs that play primarily hip hop, 1oak at the mirage is the spot. It was smackin hard, although it was Fourth of July weekend/fight night, the streets were packed.  Anyways, Adam was extremely helpful, not fake at all.  Id recommend him over anyone.
4	I have always been lucky with pool parties and clubs, but was running out of options on my recent trip to Las Vegas. After finding this yelp page I decided to trust them with my fun and money. They were very professional and organized. The owner called and emailed to confirm my pool reservation. They also can split the tab so each person can pay individually. I would be giving 5 stars but the 3.5% credit card fee and the arrival instructions were vague. Overall a great time and our host was great. Will use them again.
5	Gone are the days where I would go to Vegas without hitting up someone to help plan my trip. SO gone are the days of waiting in long lines to just get into the club on a promoter's "VIP guest-list". For my 25th birthday, I decided to try out VIPnVegas to help get my group of 4 guys + 4 girls bottle service reservation. After surveying many promoters and agencies, I decided to go with the VIPnVegas team. Here are my reasons why:1. Exceptional Communication - I received an immediate email/text response from Cade, their Executive Marketing Manager, once I submitted my information request through their website. We set up a phone call consultation and he took the time to explain each package option thoroughly with me. He was very honest and not sales-y at all. All my questions and concerns were answered in a friendly manner. 2. Arrive in style - Cade said that along with my package, I would get a limo to take my group to the club (we decided to choose The Bank). I thought it would be a regular stretch limo, but the vehicle that picked us up was a huge PARTY bus with an amazing sound system and 2 flat screened monitors. It felt awesome to roll up in front of the venue like we were real VIP guests. 3. No Lines/ No Hassles - Noah, the CEO of the company, actually met with my group in front of The Bank on time as scheduled and helped escort everyone inside without any issues. You can tell he is an exception businessman; he understands the ins and outs of all Vegas venues and has an excellent relationship with the clubs' employees. 4. Location! Location! - The table we got was not in some area away from the DJ. In fact, we were seated in a very nice fenced-off spot overlooking the dance-floor. Awesome view. Final note: As anyone knows, getting bottle service in a club + a party bus is always so expensive in Vegas. Not only was VIPnVegas able to deliver both with a reasonable price, but their amazing customer service and professionalism helped to make my birthday weekend the best. Will definitely use again. :)
