3	Got a pedicure here and they did a good job. Also, reasonably priced ($19 for a spa pedicure when down the street a spa pedicure prices at $25).Nail polish selection is okay. I only get OPI since it's better quality and lasts longer, but there were some of the cheappie kind of polishes which I think wear off / chip  faster.
4	New to the area and walked in with no appointment.  They were busy and I only waited 10 minutes which i didnt mind and gives me a chance to check out the polish selection.  The guy who did my nails did a great job and i'll most def return.  Prices are reasonable too.
4	Ask for KevinI know right!? A guy?!!Well, I've been to several nail salons and this guy (being new to the place) had that gently touch and very precise detail into perfecting the customers preferable look as to their nails.He had good time management and didn't Hurt my fingers throughout the whole process (actually, just one boo boo, but because of the outcome, I could hardly care less) He doesn't engage into conversation but when you ask him questions or fix something you want done on your nails, he would happily do as you request and respond politely.As for the look of the place, it had a descent look and had plenty of operational tables and spa pedicure chairs.The only thing I noticed that stand out  different from other nail salons, is their nail drying machine. It's like a automatic fan dryer that turns on once you place your hands in, like those hand dryers commonly seen in bathrooms, but this one, made for nail salons. (tip: dry nails at least for 20mins)Overall, I do love the work that they provide on getting a full set of nails, and I can't wait to get a pedicure (special for $18.99)I finally found my spot since moving here from Cali three months ago :DP.S. Since I'm recommending this fellow, please notify this gentlemen my name and that you read a good review made by me ;)
4	I have been here many many times over the years. I used to live nearby so this was my to go place for my mani/pedi's.It may not look fancy but the place is clean and the staff does a good job. Most of them have been there since my first visit years ago. You never have to wait long if you don't have an appointment and the prices are good too. They don't always have a great selection of nail polish colors, but if your looking for a "normal" basic color you'll be okay. They had lime green this time, so I was excited!Whenever I'm in this neighborhood, I visit Tip Top and get my toes done.
4	I go here for my pedicures because they are only $20, and they always do a good job.  The place is clean, and I've only ever had to wait for a chair once over the past two years.  The color selection consists of mostly OPI and China Glaze.
5	I love Tip Top and have been going here for almost a year now... At first I would sit in whatever chair they gave me. Now, I always ask for Mia! She does a fantastic job and I think she speaks the most English... I love to chat while getting my nails done so this is very important to me... She also does an AMAZING job! Prices are reasonable and the Chinese food store a few doors down is my favorite.
4	Just came into town to visit Vegas we had to get our toe nails done.  I looked in Yelp for a place to go. Tip Top Nails had good reviews. So we went there. And I agree with the reviews. They did a great  job very nice people no wait, and clean.So I recommend this place as will
3	There is one older lady with big squarish black thick glasses and long straight black hair about 55 who is sickly greedy and manipulative. She has bled me and told me to hush so she wouldn't get in trouble, she wanted always to appear the first to recognize me because I'm a good tipper, she has bended the prices to make them steeper, list goes on and I was always disappointed when I was set up with her. Definitely I have learned to speak up and say I want someone else. I like the fresh new girls who aren't corrupted by the money and are nice for being nice.
1	Okay I went in for a pedi/fullset..the nail tech talked me into getting a gel mani which i never  had before.. pedi was GREAT..but 2 days later the gel starting peeling off my nails. I went back in and told them the issue, the lady didn't believe that i had gotten a gel mani so recently so the lady who originally did the gel mani was there and I asked her did she remember me which she did so finally the lady repolished my 3 nails and then put on a top coat. I told her that the lady who originally did the mani never put a top coat on, which is why the mani didn't last i guess. The lady who fixed my nails had an attitude the whole time.! beware of lady with glasses her gel manis suck.!
3	Nails chipped like after two days, my friends nails were so poorly painted, and my pedicure was rushed for no reason. Rude ladies.
2	The shop is clean and there is plenty of staff. I came in for a new gel manicure and unfortunately I won't be coming back. I look young... I understand that but that is no reason to assume that I can't afford a $40 dollar manicure. I felt somewhat disrespected....and I'm not easily offended. $40 is quite pricey for what I usually get and is what Polished on rainbow charges but for good reason.  Their nail techs are on point...manicure always lasts.  That being said if my manicure had lasted for more than a few days I wouldn't be writing this review. My nail tech didn't know how to work with gels so it kept running into my cuticles as she directed me to put my hand under the UV.  I told her multiple times but she brushed it off as if I didn't know what I was talking about.  Later on she made a comment mocking how I know a lot about this and asked if I had graduated highschool yet...Really?  Dude.I will end it at that.
4	I take my MIL here for a monthly pedicure. She is pushing 90 and the ladies are so respectful and sweet to Mom. She really likes Laurie to do her nails and she is very proud of them afterwards. The price is very reasonable and they always have a trendy color for me and an appropriate one for Mom. She likes a little pampering.
4	Love this place. It's always a hit or miss though but they have never done a bad job on my pedicures or manicures. Their prices are very fair but don't forget to tip ;)!
2	2 stars because they were accommodating on the short notice for 2 people for mani pedis. This review is solely on one person, the lady that I had. She's an older lady with long black hair and wears glasses. I have never gotten a 20 minute pedi ever. I went to cosmetology school and I had to learn doing nails and I have never been so disappointed in getting a pedicure ever. She rushed the whole thing and didn't do a great job. Granted she is older and don't have much strength but come on, it was a piss poor job. The only capable thing she could do right was paint my nails. Maybe if I got someone else it could of been better but man I have never felt unhappy ever leaving a nail salon. I also forgot to mention, as I was walking to the chair to sit I asked my cousin what color I should choose, she told me in a rushed manner to choose later. Excuse me? I wasn't talking to you and it wasn't like I was standing there waiting. Then I put my feet in the water and it was really hot! So hot that I couldn't even let it sit and get used to it. She didn't even apologize. Smdh
4	I've been a regular here for years and come  almost every 2-4 weeks for my pedicure. Service is very relaxing. I really enjoy my pedi-spa. Take advantage of their sleep inducing massage chair. They also have free wifi if you don't want to sleep. The nail technicians are nice, efficient, clean and thorough with their job. The thing I like most is that they take walk-ins and it's very close to my office so I could have my pedicure done during my lunch break.  :)
