4	Qui Lait Cru is French word play that incorporates 'raw milk' (lait cru) into an expression which translates as "Who would have believed it?" This bright, open cheese shop in Jean Talon Market specializes in those raw milk cheeses generally only available in Quebec and France. Raw milk aged less than 60 days is legal in Quebec, and carefully monitored. The taste is incredibly fresh and delicious. I have found the staff at Qui Lait Cru very helpful, bilingual and friendly in that chill Quebecois way that doesn't try to shine you on. Sometimes I just describe the mood-flavour I'm in and they hook me up (today it was an organic spreadable mild goat cream cheese that is working perfectly with my heirloom tomatoes and ground cherries - delicieux!) There is a daily sampler deal - 3 cheeses selected by the staff for 14$. This is generally a delicious value for the cheese-venturous, and the more senior staff here can even suggest wines to accompany the selections. I think the decor here is intentionally clean, bright and relatively minimal to avoid any thoughts of raw milk making one ill. Most of the cheeses are priced in kilograms, but don't hesitate to ask the staff to give you an idea of prices for your wedges before you buy - they will grab a little red tray for your cheese selections, weigh them out, and help you go all around the counters till you find what you need.
4	If you want to get unpasteurized goat cheese from Quebec or France at Marche Jean-Talon, Fromagerie Qui Lait Cru is the place to go.The staffs are friendly, knowledgeable and patient.Especially if you are not sure what you want? and even what you like? They able to help you to find out what you may like.... My Yelp Friend ended up picking 2 different cheese for us to try.....a soft goat cheese from Quebec and a hard goat cheese from FranceBoth are quite mellow, great if you are not into strong flavoured cheese! Kudo to the staff for his recommendations!
4	My go-to neighborhood cheese monger. I really like the vibe of this place, not pretentious, it's just about the cheese! They will help you find what you're looking for.
