5	This company was referred to me by my real estate agent when I bought my new house. I have now had to use them on two occasions. They are prompt, courteous, communicate well, and just plain nice! Regarding the charges for the work I had done. In each instance they came in, gave me a quote (parts and labor) and the end result was the exact amount of the quote.  I also looked up the parts I was getting on the internet, and they charged virtually the same amount as the cheapest I could find online. So their parts markup is very fair.I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone in need of any kind of pool repair.
5	I had a problem with my Aqua Logic main board and digital time clock at my home  in Chandler. Flip at Gentry fixed it quickly and pricing was very reasonable. They were recommended by my pool maintenance man.  The follow up and coordination by Stephanie in the office was equally fantastic. I recommend Gentry for pool repair and will use them again in the future.Phil
1	This company came over for a warranty repair of a Pentair cascade bubbler light in the Shasta Pool we built new a Little over a year ago.   They never called before like they were instructed to by the manufacturer but the day they came and replaced the Pentair Light the entire electronics of the pool Would not work.  So no pump no filtering  no movement of any water feature no cleaner    They were not interested in coming back very quick to fix    The pool sat there for the rest of the week Stagnet    When they came back yesterday they only wanted to say they Didnt do it !    They were the only ones there when it worked and they touched the Pentair system and after it Didnt work.   The owner only wanted to argue with me that he was not responsible when I indicated I Would contact Pentair direct and wanted his company name he Would not give it to me  refused and hung up as I was talking to him    I called him back asking if he happen to lose connection or hang up on me   He continued to say he Would not give me his name and hung up again     Do NOT let this company come on your property they are not knowledgable to repair an advanced pool and will cause additional problems and not stand behind fixing it    Beware of the Gentry Pool Repair or Flip
1	Nothing was false and to update the Pentair factory rep came out and fixed gentry mistake as of yesterday    He was very nice and helpful    Also to make an assumption that all my reviews were negative is a  example of you not knowing what you are Doing or jumping to conclusions    Because the overwhelming majority of my reviews are  positive or neutral   But I always review on situations to help anyone else from having a problem like I did  or reviewing on outstanding service so people can go to excellent business to And one question  how was I trying to get something for nothing when everything is under warranty and it was perfect before you came       Dont make a statement you don't know the answer it just proves how you were treating us    Glad we are done with this negative situation and gentry will never be called on our pool again
1	My dealing with Gentry Pool Repair, specifically Flip, and my recent pool warranty repair was very frustrating to say the least. Not only did the work not get completed in a satisfactory manner, the lack of professionalism and customer service was appalling. I would not recommend the business to anyone as I've never come across a business man that is so unprofessional in my life!  This was a warranty repair through my pool builder and the builder sent the independent contractor to do the repair.  Skip refused to give his name or company name repeatedly after the service call went horribly bad. He hung up on us after we requested his company info. In addition, he actually lied and insinuated that we were out to get something for nothing and that we simply complain all the time! Come on, this was a warranty repair. NO FEES WERE BEING CHARGED TO THE CUSTOMER!  BEWARE OF GENTRY!
5	Disregard the fake 1 star reviews. It looks like it is the same person twice, seeing both where posted the same day. As with other reviewers this company was referred to me by my Real Estate Agent. I called and in the same day Gentry Pool Repair fixed my pump and where off. Great service and great company. I would recommend to anyone!
5	Wow customer service re invented.  I have nothing but good things to say about these guys.  I called Gentry pool repair in a panic.  I have family in town from out of state and I've been bragging about my pool all year and telling them they need to come down for new years.  So there we were with 15 family members wanting to escape the snow and swim in AZ and the pool heater gave out.  I had heard about Gentry Pool repair from a friend who had nothing but great things to say so I gave them a call.  They had already been booked for the day but when I explained my situation they moved appointments around to accommodate me and had my heater up and running within an hour.  INCREDIBLE.  It's nice to call a company that still cares about people and not just about money!  The rate was generous and I am one happy customer.
