4	When I'm in the mood to listen to good 70's and 80's music, I turn the dial to KKLZ.  They play some good stuff on this radio station.  It's definitely on my regular rotation of channels that I surf when I'm in the car running errands or getting from A to B.  Their morning show isn't as good as Foxx & MacKenzie, but is not too bad.I hope they don't change their format anytime soon.
4	I am a music fan. I appreciate all music from a nature instrumental soundtrack to "Welcome to the Jungle" by Guns N Roses. My favorite music is the greatest hits of rock n roll. For the most part, this is feel good music that tunes out negativity. Many times when I tune out negativity,  I tune into KKLZ-97.3 on the FM dial. KKLZ is a sonic highway that touches greatness. Greatness that is the Greatest Hits of All Time. The superstars of rock n roll from Elton John to Michael Jackson to the Eagles to The Beatles shine on KKLZ. KKLZ is a sonic highway touching the greatest hits from the 1960s to today.  When I drive, rock is how I roll. With Las Vegas traffic being brutal, many times I tune into KKLZ. The wear and tear of my nerves sitting at long lights, avoiding bumping cars with careless and rude motorists, and stop and go traffic is replaced with singing along to hits including "Joy to the World, " "Crocodile Rock," "Fun, Fun, Fun," "Oh What a Night," and decades of ear candy.  Of course KKLZ is imperfect. There are times when I can't stomach a song or artist, or the song is not the right mood for the time of day or mood. At 6:30 in the morning the Carpenters don't cut it. And "Alone Again Naturally" is the missing link of the playlist. Other times the hosts might talk too much on the morning show to keep me interested, or the commercials keep going and going. For the most part KKLZ is good stuff.  Tuning into feel good music is also therapeutic. The trick to understanding the human mind is that it can think of one thing at a time. Walking into work, my mind will be thinking of a song I just listened to on KKLZ. This upbeat song is causing me to sing and work which makes me upbeat. I have read dozens of self-help books, and this seems to be the only mood therapy that works. If it ain't broken I wont change using KKLZ as a tool to tune out negativity by tuning into the greatest hits of all time.
