3	Just a quick review to get the ball rolling. Popped in here on opening night, and was pleasantly surprised. Hubby and I split the Mussaman, a hearty portion of curried veggies and short-ribs, and the Garlic Veggies with tofu. The Mussaman was by far the star, and given it's $16 entree price it needed to be. I see a lot of promise here, though I do find the prices to be rather high for this neighborhood. I should hope once they get their liquor license (expected sometime in January according to the waitress) that the food prices will come down. I'm not holding my breath on this one, however, since the moniker "Modern Thai" has become euphemism for "Expensive Thai." I look forward to trying SaBai again after they've had some time to coalesce.
2	Driving up Thomas I almost swerved to the side when I saw a Thai restaurant in this part of town! Signs of the old Wendy's or Mexican restaurant that lasted for a month or 2 were nowhere to be seen, instead you had a very modern and inviting sign that even tells you how to pronounce the name of the restaurant. I was hooked, I could not wait to go and check it out. Upon walking in you are greeted by a very modern decor and it screams intimate dinners can be had here. The wood is dark, the tables are black and the lighting is mostly candlelit. The music was soft and contemporary, the only thing that seemed at odd was the flat-screen TV with sports on it. When the waitress handed me the menu, I was SHOCKED at the prices. I was also shocked that there was NO CURRY (besides massaman beef). The food smelled delicious, so I decided it was probably worth it to stay and give them the chance to woo me. After a few awkward moments of looking at the waitress and her trying to figure out if she should come over and take our order or give us more time she finally came over. We decided on 2 Thai iced coffees, crab won-tons as an appetizer and we would share the pad si ew. If you've had Thai iced coffee, you can't wait to get the sweet milky goodness all mixed up to drink. This unfortunately was like drinking Folgers with some cream and sugar added, i was beyond disappointed to say the least. I should have had a clue though when I saw it being dispensed from one of those juice machines that you see in the the Mexican places with "agua frescas". Anyhow, the won-tons come out, and they are possibly the prettiest things I have ever seen on a plate, they tasted amazing, but the filling was cold. The pad si ew was nothing to write home about, for the price we did expect the portion to be larger. Overall they did an amazing job in creating an inviting intimate atmosphere, it would definitely be better sans TV. Service was ok. Prices should definitely reflect location and the demographics of the area, I could just drive to Tempe and get a better meal that is cheaper. Hope they adjust accordingly.
4	Honestly, this place could be a 4 1/2 or 3 1/2 depending on how you see what happened.  I'll put it this way though, its not the foods fault!  It was delicious, but I learned a valuable lesson.  When ordering food, be clear while on the phone.  Make sure they repeat the order for you and you'll be fine.  MINOR ISSUE.Actually, she got everything right except for adding chicken to my spicy fried rice with vegetables, thats it(even got how spicy I wanted it off a 1-5 scale).  I'd give it a 4 1/2 cause its a lil pricey at $10 -12 a plate, but they're filling portions cooked exceptionally well.
4	While not much to look at on the outside, the food more than makes up for it!  The lunch specials are a great deal -- for $8 you can choose from about ten options, each of which comes with soup of the day or their house salad.  We had the salad, which arrived on a pretty little square plate and had a delicious, limey peanut-sesame dressing.  Usually the side salads at Asian restaurants are kind of throwaways, but we would order this one again.   The Tom Yum soup is also delicious.  We will be back for lunch and probably for dinner too once they get their liquor license.
5	Great new place!   Went there yesterday for dinner.  Quite an impressive job with the decor - turned what was a former fastfood restaurant into a classy and relaxing place to dine.  Someone mentioned the TV, but I don't mind it.  You can sit in the dining area and ignore it, or really not even see it.  But it's nice if you are alone or want to watch a game, and sit at the bar.  The owner's enthusiasm was awesome.  Really nice person.  And the food was great.  I had lemon grass eggplant, and the eggplant was done perfectly - not too oily, mushy, or undercooked.  This is a fete few Thai restauarants master.  The dish was wonderfully infused with basil. My husband had the spicy noodles, which was also excellent (although he ordered it hot, which was a bit much for me).  We got to try the Thai lemonade (really different, mixed with tea and ginger), Thai iced tea (tasty), and the awesome Thai mocha (dessert in a glass).  People should stop complaining about the price - this is really nicely done food with great ingredients (plenty of vegetables, lots of fish dishes, good meats).  And it's well executed.  Nor are the dishes small.  The prices here are not by any means out of line.  More than sloppy low mein, but you get what you pay for.  And here the food is well worth the cost.  I wish SaBai well, and we'll be back!
1	The food was overpriced for something you get so little of and the food tasted like it was frozen not fresh. Service wasn't great but there was only one guy doing everything. Of course everyone has their own opinion. This is mine
5	I visited this place on a client's recommendation with my fiance.  When we arrived we were greeted and seated promptly.  We ran into two of our friends who were there for lunch as well!  The lunch specials are great.  They were very accommodating to special orders and substitutions.  It makes me happy when I can have brown rice rather than white, and tofu rather than meat.  I enjoyed the pumpkin in the spring rolls and the cucumber slice in the water...might I also mention my love for the bendy straws.  I will be back for lunch again.
1	was so excited to hear that a new Thai place was opening since I felt Thai Lahna has fallen short over the last few years.  Well HUGE disappointment, I got my all time go to dish the Pad Thai.  I cannot describe how bad it was, normally when I think food is bad it is bearable and you will still eat it.  I actually had to put this down after 2 bites.  I had asked for mild and was expecting a nice flavor topped the peanuts.  Nope, I got a mouth full of crushed red pepper.Arcadia needs a new Thai place, but the old fast food joint tried to turn modern Thai is not the place.  I think I am stuck still driving to Tempe for some good Thai.  The place is pending a liquor license going to be much needed to get the food down.  Also, a final note - Thai should not be that expensive unless it is really good.  Possibly could be because it is new and maybe I will give it another shoot, but not anytime soon
4	Went here on a recommendation of a buddy of mine. I tried the seafood curry, the spring rolls, the crab puffs, garlic shrimp, clay pot clams and tofu red curry.   AMAZING quantity for the price.  A+ for value.The food was super delicious and very flavorful The staff was very friendly and accommodating, and the atmosphere was very relaxing. This would be a great place to take a date. My only gripe is a very minor one, and will probably feel itself out, as the place is pretty new: Not enough heat to the curry dishes. The options are "mild, medium, hot, and THAI HOT". I ordered Thai Hot, and didn't find it all that spicy. On the bright, they do bring a spice assortment to the table, so additional heat was only a spoonful of chili sauce away. The owner is also looking to expand the menu. If you see Drunk Noodles pop up on the menu, that was totally my suggestion. :)  5 star rating pending this and more heat.
4	I am amazed with the bad reviews I went here last night and had a great experience.  I agree the prices were a bit steep compared to Thai places I have had in Seattle but it's Phoenix, AZ and the food was good.  I will pay for good food anyday.  I had the curry seafood and it was awesome.  I loved the flavor I didn't get asked for a star for spiciness which I would like to in the future but now I'll just ask myself.  I also had the Thai lemonade which was very tasty.  I can't wait for the liquor license in the next month to see what kind of specialty drinks they think up.  I spoke with the owner Eric who was our server and he was very nice and told of all his plans for the future including patio's to dine and a Saturday market.  Also frosting of the glass dividing the dining area and bar to eliminate the tv glare and separate the rooms which was a complaint I saw here. I think this place has huge potential and they have to go orders that you can pick up at the drive through window which makes hang over thai food a huge YES.  I will be back many times as this is close to my house and the food was great.  I will continue updating and hopefully be giving 5 star reviews soon.
5	...The best Pad Thai I've ever tasted!!!  Crab Wontons melt in your mouth!!! Excellent service... GO !!!
5	I don't know what all the gruff is about the prices! The portions are large enough for me! And the prices are dead on! It use to be an old Wendy's but is very modern and cool, the transformation is amazing! A great place to take a date! I've had several dishes and they have all been  excellent!  If you order spicy,  Be warned... It can be spicy!!!! The crab wontons are AMAZING! By far the best I've ever had! And the thai iced tea is so addicting!!!  I've been back and will keep coming back! Thanks SaBai!
3	The pluses: Service was friendly & prompt, Food quality was good/fresh, Atmosphere is a good remodel of a former Wendy'sThe minuses: Music (Sirius' Coffeeshop Radio with commercials) was too loud/depressing/crappy (bad unplugged female crooning vocalists), Food flavor was not as tantalizing as expectedThe result: I will be back to try another dish because it's in my neighborhood.  Will probably go with take-out so as to avoid the music.
4	SaBai offers your standard Thai fare in a former-Wendy's-made-hip atmosphere. I got the classic curry lunch special with tofu, crab wontons and Thai tea. Total: $18.I asked for the curry medium, but it was a bit spicy for me. Yummy, lots of potatoes and carrots (unlike Thai Lahna). The crab wontons were fabulous, and the Thai tea was probably the best I've had.When I told the waiter I liked the Thai tea, he recommended that next time I order it with lemonade instead of milk. He said it's like a Thai Arnold Palmer; they call it the Tiger Woods.
4	I was super excited to try this new Thai place and decided to on my way home last night.  I was greeted by the owner and his wife (the operations and chef) and sat at the bar for a quick to-go.  I wish I could have enjoyed a cold beer while waiting but they were still a couple weeks out on the liquor license...please hurry up!        I ordered the Pad Thai as it's an easy choice to gauge a new place.  I ordered it Thai hot and that is what I got!  The dish was super hot (as I wanted) yet still very flavorful with big shrimp and chicken.  I ordered without looking at the menu and was a little surprised by the $13 price tag but the food was really good so I'm not upset.  I will return once they have the liquor license and eat in to get the full feel of the place.  I think it is a little funny that they choose a old Wendy's to renovate but they made it work well enough.  Wendy's are tough to do much with once they close down so I am glad that it was taken up.  I care less of a place's location as the food that comes out of it.     Keep up the good work!
3	More like 3.5 stars, and I easily see this rating going up. On my weekly pilgrimage to Chaparral Park (damn demanding dog!) I pass SaBai. Being in need of some spicy food I decided to bite the bullet. SaBai used to be a Wendy's. This is only apparent from the shape of the building. The interior is VERY well done, with a comfortable, modern feel. On to the food! I ordered a spicy noodle dish 'Thai hot.' While spicy it didn't have the level of heat I expected. Still, it was very tasty. As for the pricing, for one entree I paid $16. That one entree fed me for three meals! I definitely felt like I got my moneys' worth. I look forward to going to SaBai again.
2	So I decided finally to give this place another shot.  I was really craving Pad Thai and didn't want Thai Lahna.  Of course being my blunt self I decided to tell the gentleman that answer the phone the "I really want some pad Thai but the first time I got it here is sucked, do you always put red pepper flakes?"He was nice and pleasant and took the time to ask what happened last time.  I ordered the crab puffs (wontons) and the pad thai mild.  I ended up eating it all, so it must have been good - not the best I have had, but great for on the fly and around the corner.  I think the true test will be is 3rd time a charm, I was my order good because I said something.Inside:  Last time my boyfriend had picked up for me, so this was the first time I had been in.  The ol' Wendy's looks pretty good inside.  Quite funny how you can tell it is an old fast food joint, but inside the lighting was good, atmosphere was soft.  I am a big fan of this trend, it worked for over easy and is a great way for real estate to get used.In the end I am going to go again, you will probably never find much out more about the food because I never order anything but pad thai.  However, wiling to move this place from 1 to 2 stars, who knows maybe soon it will be my favPS I still think it is slightly over priced for what you get.
3	Okay I must admit I now have tried SaBai about 4 times and it actually seems like it has gotten better.  I haven't tried anything beside the crab wontons and Pad Thai.  The food has become consistent which I think is the hardest thing for a restaurant to do.  I still stand buy that it is overpriced though.  But given the other choices and not wanting to drive to Tempe it will suffice.  I am willing to move from a 1 star to 3.
5	I certainly had a 5 star food experience at this new, close to home establishment.We arrived at around 8:30PM, and started off with the Crispy Thai Rolls and the Crab Wontons.The Thai rolls were great, but who isn't a sucker for Crab Wontons that actually have a noticeable amount of crab and cream cheese in them? Not to mention, a small dot of Sriracha Chili Sauce on the top of the Wonton to give it a small bit of fire when you bite into it? They were a real hit, and the best that I am aware of around town.Next was a Hot Pot of the CoCo Soup. It came out with the full effect of the flame shooting out the top of the Hot Pot, spiced between Hot and Thai Hot per our request. I must say that I was impressed with both, the soup itself, along with the tender cuts of white meat chicken, fresh mushrooms, and whatever galangal shoots are. I guess that those were more for texture. It was rich, but I swear that I could have eaten the entire hot pot if I were there by myself.Next came the Seafood Green Curry. It was very flavorful, not a huge dish, but came with Calamari Rings, Shrimp, and fresh Clams with the Shell for effect. The dish was ordered Thai Hot, and was topped with a plentiful amount of fresh sliced uncooked Jalapeno rings. The Flavor of the Green Curry and the Jalapenos blended together very well. The dish was of course served with a side of white rice to spoon the goods over before eating to make it a bit more filling.The service was great. We were served by the manager and met the Owners wife. She had just picked up their liquor license earlier that day, so we got to have a couple of glasses of white wine with our meal.I wasn't overwhelmed by the prices, considering the quality of what we were served. Our tab was just under $54 for two people, and that included the wine.I hope to continue to be impressed with this place, it was much better than I ever would have expected. I can't tell you how many times I have walked into a Thai place in the area and been royally disappointed in the flavor and quality of the cheap food. It takes a lot to make me this happy with a place. I wish them the best, and my first impression was love at first sight. Let's see how long this infatuation lasts.Give them a shot, and then a deserving review to keep them on top of their game.Cheers! :)
5	Had the chance to stop by on opening night and really enjoyed ourselves.  Food that night was average/above average, and as the owner explained to me, the head chef was having to reference their books/menus as he was cooking the dishes the first few nights to capture the small variances in SaBai's cuisine.  Fast forward a few months, and these guys have really hit their stride, especially in the kitchen.  The Thai spring rolls are very solid, and the housemade sweet/sour and peanut sauces are delicious.  The lettuce wraps are comparable to Pei Wei's, but maybe a little "lighter".  The crab wontons though...knockout.  I could eat 20 of these.  I love spicy, and have gotten the Thai spicy both times ("American spicy" is a notch or two lower on the scale) for the entree.  The right amount of kick while still being edible and enjoyable.  Garlic shrimp tonight, and (if I remember correctly) the Choo Chee seafood curry dish a few months ago, but both very good--I doubt they have anything that isn't really enjoyable, but you may have to try a few to find the true gem.  These guys just got their liquor license, and drink prices are very reasonable--$3 for a beer, $4 for a liquor drink, and a decent wine selection for a Thai place.  The owner knows his wines, and it wouldn't surprise me if he expands and experiments with their offerings going forward.  Overall, very good experience.  They've built up a solid clientele of regulars, but it was pretty slow for a Friday night, and you can tell they need new customers walking through the door to keep them going thru the critical start-up period.  Go check 'em out.  Don't think you'll be disappointed.
3	Sabai is new Thai restaurant located near the car wash that I visit in the Valley of the Sun.  I decided I would give it a try.  The inside definitely has a modern look with contemporary furniture and design.  The food is above average.  We ordered Larb Chicken Salad and Pad Thai.  The Larb Chicken Salad had a great tangy flavor, but the Pad Thai was okay.  I think the food was a bit overpriced because I am used to paying half the price for very authentic Thai food.  I guess you could say we paid for the decor and setting.  I might try this place again in the future when the menu expands to more items.
4	I stopped by tonight based on the other reviews posted here.The restaurant is nicely decorated with contemporary furniture and decorations. There are some bar height tables as well as some standard height tables. The music was a little loud and the lights were dim.  The bathrooms were nicely appointed and clean but VERY dark. (dear owner - if you are reading this please turn up the lights in the bathroom!)Now, on to the food.... It is not your typical Thai restaurant menu. (ie red/yellow/green curry with choice of protein, etc...)  I started out with an order of the Crispy Thai Rolls. The rolls were crispy, were served with some sweet sauce and some salad garnish with a light dressing. They had a nice flavor but left my fingers somewhat oily.I continued with an order of the Spicy Fried Noodle with Chicken, and did not specify how hot. It was very well seasoned  and an at appropriate level of spice. It had some zing, but not too much. I enjoyed the dish very much and look forward to eating the leftovers tomorrow.Overall I enjoyed the food and look forward to going again to try something new. It is a cut above your typical Thai restaurant and the price reflected that, $16 for my two items.
2	We went during the week and we were the only customers in the place. The service was great-I'll say that right off the bat. Not that the staff had anything better to do, as we were their only customers, but the guy who turned out to be our waiter held the door for us as we entered and left. He refilled our water numerous times, and was prompt with our food. The food was ok. I ordered pad thai ( I know it's a thai staple but I always really like it, and what better for a test of good thai?) and my man ordered a different noodle dish with the flat, rice noodles. The price was average. I liked my mans' dish better than mine, somehow the pad thai tasted a little....weird. Couldn't put my finger on it. The decor looked like a converted fast food joint. You know how McDonalds or Wendy's will have that glass-enclosed area in the front with the sloped glass ceiling overhead? Well, that was there. So it kind of reminded me of such a place. Yah, just wasn't enough to make me want to come back, but I'll still give them props for good service.
5	SaBai Thai has become my new go-to place. I absolutely love the dishes, the service, the ambiance, and the overall experience!This Wendy's converted building is quite deceiving. The inside is beautifully modernized and offers a nice, clean, upscale, and accommodating atmosphere. At night, when the lights go down and the candles are lit, SaBai Thai is a perfect spot to take a date. They have an EXCELLENT happy hour, but their normal drink prices are incredibly reasonable as well. I can't tear myself away from the $4 bottle of Sake ($1 off beers/spirits and $5 glasses of wine on HH). I generally sit up at the bar to shoot the shit, but happy hour is good throughout the restaurant. As far as food is concerned, I am absolutely addicted to the lettuce wraps (tofu easily substituted) and the classic yellow curry, but the SaBai Fried Rice and the eggplant dish are delicious as well. The staff is incredibly friendly, especially Chris and the owner Eric who you can see bopping around from table-to-table making sure the guests are taken care of. His wife, Holly, mans the back of the kitchen and together they have created the perfect Modern Thai environment.In additional to the great atmosphere, delicious high-quality food, great drink prices, outstanding happy hour, warm and attentive service, they also have GREAT hours, especially for an Asian restaurant. Most Thai places close from 3-5 and don't do Sunday lunch service. SaBai Thai's modern take grants us Thai lovers action all day long, 7 days a week!I think even Mr. Sheen would agree, SaBai Thai is a WINNER!!!
4	I was in Arcadia today and saw this place so I had to try it out. The menu has some variation from the normal Thai restaurant as well as some classics. I decided to try the jalapeno curry. I was surprised it was not as spicy as I expected but the flavor was excellent. Service in this place could not have been better, everyone was very friendly and attentive. Lunch prices were very good for the quality of the food and was an excellent value in my opinion. I'll definitely be back to try some more new things.
5	Food is delicious, ambiance & service was really great.  Crab Wontons were fabulous and Pad Thai rocked.  Will definitely come back and recommend to my friends!  Great job!
4	Service - 4/5 We were the only ones dining on a Saturday night at 6:30 p.m. At about 7 p.m. there were approximately 6 other parties. One server. He was very nice and apologetic about his service. We ordered dessert ant it did not come out until about 12 minutes. We canceled the order and they comped it out. Food - 4/5Papaya salad was fresh, but the fish sauce was a little too strongFried rice was good with pineapple bits Pad see ew was good, not too oily They ran out of thai iced coffee 0/5Thai iced tea was greatCleanliness 5/5I will be coming back for the great service and food.
4	Pricey, but excellent! And I usually get two meals out of an entree. The green curry is awesome and the shrimp with peanut sauce is addicting. Shrimp was not overcooked and they had brown rice to substitute for white. Great modern atmosphere, small intimate feel. Good drink specials. Service was just ok, but I think it was just our server... Will be back for sure!
4	Mid-sized restaurant built in what used to be a Wendy's fast food restaurant.. The setting is mildly romantic with dim lighting and candle lit tables and the service is a bit short-handed, but that's alright because they're pretty small in size.. I came here because I had a $25 certificate that could be used with a minimum dining bill of $35 from restaurants.com.. People magazine sent me an offer to get a free $25 voucher to any restaurant participating in the program so I figured it was worth trying.. Dishes run in the $12 range and our appetizer was $8.. I ordered the chicken/pork fried rice and it had eggs, toasted cashews, pineapple, onion, and other things.. My friend ordered the cashew chicken with white rice and we shared a satay chicken appetizer.. One of the things that I really enjoyed was the pickled cucumber that came with our appetizer.. It was so good that I asked for more! It was only meant to be a small side dish to compliment the appetizer but I loved it.. Both of our entrees were delicious and it was so good I didn't even save room for dessert.. I have never tried cashews before but thanks to Sa Bai Modern Thai I am now a fan! If I'm ever in the area again I would definitely return here..
4	My return trip to SaBai was excellent.I stopped in due to an irresistable craving for something with shrimp.  I was in a take out sort of mood, so as I sat at the bar the friendly owner gave me a glass of water with a cucumber slice in it.  I was pretty floored at how refreshing something so simple could be!I quickly got my order of Garlic Shrimp (extra spicy) and headed home.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked.  So perfect that I can't think of any other shrimp to compare it to.I was happy to see a decent crowd in the restaurant.  I know I'll be coming back again.
1	I went there today with a friend and it was overall terrible. Our server had no clue what was on the menu or any recomendations. I had some sushi and the tuna was warm and tasted old. Not to mention the sushi took over twenty five minutes to get. I had a bloody mary and our server said she had no idea how to make one. I think she left out the vodka. I had a shrimp stir fry and it was cold when it came out. The server said it came with noodles, turned out it didnt so i asked for some and was charged for something she said was in it to begin with. Overall it sucked and hope they hire a new server and a quick lunch wouldnt be over an hour long.
5	Great little thai spot!Old Wendy's restaurant that has beeen converted into a quaint, nicely decorated, dimly lit little spot.  I have tried 5 dishes from here and they have all been FABULOUS!  Full of flavor and spice.  I've tried the Pad Thai, Cashew Chicken, Shrimp Basil, Thai Green Curry and Choo Chee Seafood (oh and the Crispy Thai Rolls) and they have all been great.  Hard to come by good Thai in Phoenix, but I hope this place sticks around!  Excellent service as well. My only complaint would be that the music they were playing could have been a little more upbeat for a Friday night  :-)  Will be coming back again and again.
5	I had the Chicken Mint salad and it was a wonderful balance of flavors, spice and heat, highlighted by mint.  Refreshing and tasty, hot and bright.  A touch of spice producing some heat, but well balanced and flavorful. The salad was a full meal but it was a hot day in the 90's so I also had the standard Iced Tea which was flavored with peach.  Service was prompt and my tea never went empty...all four times.$8 for the salad, $2 for the tea.  I'd return and try other dishes, very nice.
4	New Thai restaurant discovery. Satay, Curry and Pad Thai were Fab!  Thai Tea was perfect.  Funny that it used to be a Wendy's.
4	So, yes, this lower Arcadia Thai restaurant is still working out a few glitches but I am confident that they can pull it off with a bit of finesse.First off, the food. It's really good. Fresh, modern and delicious.The last time we went we had lettuce wraps ( the best I've had anywhere) and Thai Beef with Thai Basil/ They split it beautifully for us-enough for 2.I haven't had a bad dish yet.The converted Wendy's is a bit off from the outside but don't let that stop you. It's really cute inside-warm and modern.Problem is they either have the air on too cold, the music too loud and/or the lights turned way too low. All fixable things.The servers are still figuring things out, considering the 3 times we've been there it has been pretty dead.If you like modern Thai food and your tired of Thai Lana...please check this place out-you won't be sorry.
4	Sa Bai!  Have a drink!  I don't know if I used it in proper context, but hey I'm telling the story!  Well during my visit to the auto mechanic, had to wait for my car so I decided to take a stroll.  Lone and behold I ran into this delightful place.  They even explain what Sa Bai means right on their sign.  I decided from there I needed to eat lunch plus I love Thai food.  Came in and I was greeted with a smile and I knew -- oh yeah...this is gonna be good.  I sat at the bar, but it was tad bit early for a drink (plus I had too much last night) I always order the fried rice noodles at Thai restaurants -- I believe this makes or breaks a Thai joint -- Stir Fried Rice noodles w/ Chicken.  It came out so quick I thought I was at McThai-Food!  Though I know it was freshly made since it was steaming and the veggies were so colorful.  Result = smile on my face and a happy belly -- Burp!  Sa Bai indeed!  As for the ambience (Sa Bai dude!) -- it was definitely a fast food restaurant before, but they did well with their decors - lots of sunlight with a Bombay look.  Let's just say I walked back to the auto mechanic forgetting about why I was there in the first place. - Enjoy!
3	I had to try the Pad Thai before anything else.  It tasted decent, though slightly bland.  I think it didn't have enough cilantro possibly..  Reimagined with fried wonton strips on top.  Not bad..The thing that got me was the pricing.  Thai food runs high as it is, not worth the price tag for "modern", slightly reimagined food.  All in all, the atmosphere and decor is pretty fabulous but not worth the price tag.  Sorry.
3	This place is decent...have gotten their panang curry and the pad thai and it was ok...i just wish that it all had more flavor and authenticity...i will go back because its quick and if I am in the mood for thai quickly...they have a good deal for lunch...i would suggest it for a quick bite but not for dinner...tbe restaurant inside is pretty and completely different from the outside...it used to be a wendys I think so the outside.still reflects fast food...but its quite ornate inside...the staff was nice...i woukd recommend it.for lunch...
4	Bottom line: there's room for improvement but this new little place is off to a great start.My wife and I finally tried Sa Bai after a good review from a friend. We weren't disappointed. We had two appetizers, two entrees, and dessert. The appetizers were good but not great - the crab wontons were tasty but a little too saucy for me; the crispy thai rolls were a bit generic - a little oily, lacking some in flavor.However, the main dishes more than made up for this. We had the pad prik king, and pad see-iew. Wow! Both were flavorful and perfectly spiced - not overwhelming, just enough to enhance the flavors and give a little kick. We both really, really liked these dishes. Deserts were again good but not overwhelmingly awesome. The prices are reasonable, moreso if you get the happy hour pricing on drinks and appetizers. Service was excellent, btw. Friendly and timely.We will definitely be coming back to SaBai, and look forward to working our way through more of the menu.
4	SaBai Dii!!  Located in a Wendy's building and it was a nice set up inside!  They had a huge bar table (some type of brown stone)  in place of where the register area would be.  As usual, I have to try their steak salad.  The owners were there and greeting and serving.  I got to try their "house" soup which was in some kind of chicken broth with soy sauce, lot's of white pepper and chunks of veggies.  Decent.  I had asked for the steak salad not to be so runny because it can be made really wet and/or too spicy and I just don't like it!  And probably because my mom makes some of the BEST Thai steak salad ever and every Thai restaurant I test to see how theirs match up to hers!  It was good not the best, but I would get it again for sure.  It's more Americanized than some other Thai places however, it was good.  I hope it stays around!
4	I do like the cucumber slice in my water, nice touch!This was my third experience at Sa Bai, and I will be returning.  I am a huge fan of the chicken mint salad and it seems healthy to boot.  (Note-must dine in on this item, does not "take out" well.Also had the spring roll appetizer -mediocre (will stick with the lettuce wraps from my prior trip) and pad thai noodles with chicken and shrimp and crispy won tons - yum.With a little more atmosphere, this place could be elevated to a higher ground.
5	A friend and I met here for dinner and boy am I glad we did! Sorry Malee's but this is hands down the best Thai food in Phoenix. The owner and his wife greeted us when we arrived, seated us quickly and provided great personal service.We started with a steaming pot of Tom yum soup, which was a perfect blend of lime, lemongrass and Thai chili spice with a healthy portion of shrimp.  The hot pot was large enough to serve four for an appetizer.I ordered the Sabai sweet curry with chicken which was absolutely delicious. The chicken was a little dry but no matter, just dunking it in the delicious and plentiful amount of curry sauce made it perfect.  I took the leftover sauce to go thinking I could make some rice and chicken at home and use the sauce again. My friend ordered the lemongrass pork and eggplant. The bite she would actually share with me was amazing. The food was a little slow coming out of the kitchen but was well worth the wait. We will definitely be back.
5	great food-thai food as good as any I have tasted, I travel and have eaten Thai all around the southwest. excellent customer service. staff was very friendly-it showed in the way customers were greeted and responses from customers as they left. I just went in for food to go. got my food back to the hotel, tasted it, couldn't stop eating, well, except I had to take a breather and had to type this. if you want an appetizer get the the chicken lettuce wraps, shrimp and garlic-great, spicy noodles w/chicken-unreal. get some extra peanut sauce-am beside myself with the mixing of these dishes.
2	So, I had been wanting to try Sa Bai, a fairly new Thai restaurant near me, and I was hoping for the best.... Well, I thought that the food was okay, but over-priced. The service was fair, to slow, and there aren't enough choices on the menu.  In other words, you can't choose a dish (say green curry) and then also choose your meat (hmm, say chicken). (boo!) The only option they have at the bottom is that any dish can be ordered vegan or vegetarian.We ordered the crab puffs for an appetizer. These arrived with a teeny little side of salad and were over-browned on top, but nicely presented. I was, however,  pleasantly surprised to see that they actually had crab inside (instead of most Asian restaurants that seem to just wave a piece of crab over them and call them crab puffs). We also ordered three entrees; yellow curry vegan style, seafood green curry (which I requested have no calamari or clams in it) and the standard Pad Thai noodle dish (my favorite). The yellow curry was flavorful, but didn't have enough heat to it and was a bit too sweet. The seafood green curry had some nice flavor and heat, but arrived barely warm and I found two pieces of calamari in it, so apparently they just picked out the clams and calamari before serving it to me and failed to add any extra shrimp or scallops. Seriously? What if I had been allergic to either clams or calamari?  They also used jalapenos which I feel is rather mundane when there are so many other hot peppers they could have used. The Pad Thai was the best thing we had, not too greasy, but only two shrimp in it (stingy).  I had a restaurant.com $25 certificate, so the server decided to automatically add a 18% tip on to the bill. That really rubbed me the wrong way - did she think I wouldn't be able to calculate her tip on the WHOLE amount, or that I might reduce her tip because of the kitchen screw up? The server did comp our drinks because of the calamari incident, but we only ordered tea and one soda so big whoop. You can hit most other Thai restaurants and get MUCH more variety at a better price. Final notes: The server never asked us how mild or spicy we wanted our dishes and there doesn't seem to be any actual Thai people working in the restaurant. You can TOTALLY tell it's an old Wendy's - it lacks any atmosphere or ambiance. It's seems to be trying to be hipster and trendy but it's WAY too bright and too loud and it's at 44th and Thomas, so... I will NOT be returning as there are MUCH better Thai restaurants more reasonable priced near me.  Finally...There are no kids' choices and I HATE cucumber in my water!!!!!
5	I love this place. Every dish I have tried has been fantastic.The service can be hit and miss for lunch, but dinner is better.They have a full bar too.My favorite lunch is the jalapeno curry and the Thai Lemonade. Their tofu is really flavorful too! Crispy and yummy
5	I think this is a gem in a sea of mediocre restaurants. Lunch on Friday was very flavorful fried rice with chicken, tasty shrimp and vegetables. They use fresh herbs; It came with a nice little salad for a total $8.00, generous portions for such a small price. My last visit was a Thursday night for pad Thai, also very good but I ordered it mild. Order medium heat (flavor) it's not overwhelming hot.  The music is contemporary coffee house blend not the whinny Asian music you get at most Asian restaurants. A very comfortable atmosphere for an intimate conversation, relaxed, clean and friendly. They make a good mojito too.
5	Tried SaBai for lunch one day and Eric, the owner, was a gracious, wonderful host.  The food was exceptional, service was great and the atmosphere is interesting.  I will definitely return for dinner!
4	My husband decided to surprise me and take me here a few months back. I wasn't surprised because I bought  a restaurant.com coupon a few hrs earlier without him noticing. I was puissed because we diddnt have it on us. Anyway we walked in and sat at the bar. Very cute modern rest. friendly bartender and I believe I saw the owner as well. We orderd springrolls. chix pad thai dish, pork dish. All exceptionally good. A must try if you live in the hood.Total price came to $36 for 2 people including tip and 1 beer. It's kinda like a PF changs style but thai. I was enticed by this place and bought 2 more gift certificates which will make my meal 12 bux next visit.
3	As far as Thai food goes, this place is just alright. Nothing here has blown me away and I find the prices to be a little high and the service a little slow for my liking.
5	Yummmm! I am so glad we decided to come here on our brief visit to Phoenix! My husband and I both LOVE Thai food and since there seemed to be so many places in the area, we went with the one closest to our hotel with the best rating. What a find! The food was excellent, wonderful service and a decent price! I especially loved that they had sake on the menu...an extra treat! I got the pad thai which was delicious and my husband had the Chee Choo seafood which was outstanding. We both wanted to lick our plates at the end of the meal. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the area and hungry for some delicious Thai food full of mouth-watering flavors! If I lived close by I would go weekly for sure.
5	We are happy to have tried this place and will be back. I was impressed by the balance of flavors; it seemed possible to taste everything without any one flavor dominating.  All our dishes were this way--we had the clam hot pot, papaya salad, salmon green curry and stir fried noodles with tofu.  All seemed so fresh and light.  We also had the mango mousse cake, mousse with spongecake 'crust' , doused with a thin sieved berry sauce--not too sweet.  The service was attentive and friendly.  My manfriend can tolerate chili but is not addicted to it as I am-he hesitated to order our food 'thai hot', but afterward thought that 'hot' was not hot enough.  If you can tolerate even a slight burn, get your food  'thai hot'.  We look foward to trying more of their dishes.
2	I asked for Spicy Noodle w Chicken; I thought it was a good dish to evaulate the establishment.  I am not impressed.  It tastes like they had "noodles + chicken" and they just targeted 85% heat...no unique flavor, nothing interesting, not bad...not good either. Friendly staff..but that only goes so far.
4	Went there yesterday to have a kind of early dinner with my cousin's gf. This is the first restaurant that I've been to since moving here and it did not disappoint. The decor was really nice, modern and simple. We were greeted by who I think was the manager and a waiter.  we were seated and served water really fast. I thought it was so cute how the water had a slice of  cucumber in it. Anyway we took a look at the menu and we both already knew we wanted the pad thai.  I've had pad thai from plenty of places in California and thought I've had the best, but wow the pad thai at this place was just perfect to me. It had the right amount of spice, sweetness and the noodles were perfect. Not to mention they didn't skimp out on the meat at all. chunks of chicken and 3 big pieces of shrimp. oh man it was good! As for appetizers, I didn't really want anything, but since it was happy hour I believe it was $2 off (don't quote me on that lol) I was sad to see they didn't have fresh shrimp spring rolls on the menu. (shrimp, noodles, cilantro, mint wrapped in rice paper served with peanut sauce) The waiter recommended the vegetable spring roll though. It reminded me of the fried eggrolls you get at chinese food places. pretty good, although nothing spectacular. All in all I loved the pad thai, service and decor. wish they had fresh spring rolls though. would def recommend the place and will go there again and try other stuff from the menu.
4	The Pad Thai was quite good and with a brownie sundae with spiced chocolate to finish I left in a good coma!  Service was very good and the staff was friendly.
3	I ordered takeout and thought that the staff was very pleasant. The price tag was a little on the high side, but I was in the mood for Thai and have been wanting to try this place for a long time. I ordered the crispy thai rolls, spicy seafood soup hot pot, cashew chicken and the lemongrass & eggplant chicken. The thai rolls were a little too sweet (I like to leave that task to the sweet chili paste, but because it was already so sweet, I couldn't even add that to it).The spicy seafood soup was EXCELLENT! We really enjoyed the flavor of the broth and the wide variety of morsels in it. I would go back for this one.The cashew chicken was ok, but didn't really have much flavor to it and the sauce tasted quite a bit like the sauce for the lemongrass & eggplant chicken.I LOVE eggplant. It's one of my favorites, especially in thai food. However, the lemongrass & eggplant chicken wasn't very impressive. The eggplant was undercooked, which pretty much just had me pushing it, what is usually my favorite part, off to the side. Wild Thaiger and Thai Hut will remain my go-to places for the time being.
4	Went today for lunch.  I had the Jalapeno curry with Tofu, the Hubby had Fried Rice.  Both were awesome.  Everything has a modern twist on it.  Would definitely recommend.
5	Love this place! Great food and service, super cute! My entire family loves this place!
5	Simply delicious! Super fresh! Clean! Nice space! Great music selection! Well stocked little Bar! The best part, aside from the really delicious food, was Pia, our server. Here 1 month from Thailand.. Excellent service!!! She only works Fri, Sat Sun. My daughter fell in love with her and the food!! Great new place to add to our weekly line-up! I used a lot of exclamations because it made us feel happy! And we could all use a little more happy in our lives! Thanks SaBai! See you soon!
4	I was looking for a Thai restaurant by my new place and found this spot... I entered to an empty restaurant and was seated right away and handed a menu... I looked over the menu and went with the Spicy Noodles with beef and an order of the Bangkok Wings... I rate the Experience as followed.Spicy Noodles with Beef - B+  Bangkok Wings - B+Staff - A +I had a really great meal the wings were the best I have had at a Thai restaurant and would order them again for sure... I look forward to my next visit to this spot.
2	Tried this place the other day. Meh. Service was ok but the kitchen got way behind with only about 1/4 of the restaurant full. The waitress had to apologize several times. She also had to apologize because her manager kept asking her to come back to our table and try to get us to buy some more drinks...which we didn't want. Prices are high for Thai food around here. $16 for curry? Better be the best curry in town... Except it so isn't. Which brings me to the food. Wife had some sort of seafood soup that was wayyyyy too sweet. She dumped about a half gallon of soy sauce into it trying to balance it out; never got there because it was becoming salty. I ordered the sweet curry, which was indeed sweet...but way too thin. Like water thin. Had it been reduced by 50% it would have had a lot more flavor and would have actually adhered to the veggies and chicken. Spice level, when ordered "Thai hot" was reasonably spicy, not outrageous and not wimpy like a lot of places. No chance we'd return, there is just nothing about this place that stands out.
5	Perfect marriage of Mouth-Watering deliciousness that I crave for! Garlic Shrimp (requested it to be prepared traditional extra Thai hot) is my absolute favorite here. Yum!!  Service always great.  Owners and cooks always preparing my food perfectly hot & spicy!Thai coffee is fab; and even the glass of water is refreshing with a slice of cucumber.
5	Just wonderful!  I came here for a girl's lunch and we had a great time.We ordered a bunch of different things, but the most exceptional was the classic curry.  Perfectly seasoned, not too hot but plenty flavorful.  Shrimp was good, hot pot was fun.  We ate everything!If I'm looking for Thai, I'll be happy to return!
5	I can not begin to tell you how wonderful this restaurant is but here goes.... I am a regular patron at SaBai. And to say "regular" is an understatement. I dine there at least 2 times a week and often bring friends along. But let me tell you why I like SaBai. It's a wonderful combination of great food, ambiance and service. I have always been a big fan of Thai cuisine. I have dined at quite a few Thai restaurants here in Phoenix and back home in Chicago. I have not come across Thai dishes that are as good as they are at SaBai. I am a big fan of the SaBai fried rice (favorite of all my friends), Salmon in Green Curry and Cashew Chicken. On lighter days I love any of the soup selections. The food is incredibly wonderful! I don't know how they do it so well but it's amazing! Everything always taste fresh! They have done a great job with their regular dish selections and with their specials. But what's really nice is that you can tell there is a lot of love put into this place. I feel it whenever I arrive by the awesome service extended to me by the staff and the deliciousness of the food. So if you are wondering if you should check out this place, don't, go! You will not regret it!
1	The food is not good. I prefer a more traditional Thai restaurant with more authentic Thai food cooked by a Thai chef instead of a Hispanic Thai chef. If you are not used to authentic Thai food then you may be ok eating here. The yellow curry had no flavor and the poritons were really small and overpriced. The only reason I went to SaBai was becasue my usual authentic delicous Thai restaurant is closed on Sundays. This was not worth the $$$$$.Would not recommend eating here.
5	A cool little place with freaking spectacular food.The tom ka is excellent.  And ask for the avocado yellow curry (it might not be on the menu).  You will be delighted!
4	They took over the old Wendy's-turned-taco-joint in force!  Tasty, fresh thai. Favorites are the coconut martini and massaman curry with beef short ribs. They have a great neighborhood vibe.
2	I know Thai food and eat it quite frequently all over the valley.  This place had good reviews, so I gave it a try.  I was not impressed by the coco soup or the massaman curry I got.  (I have had much better elsewhere.)  The thai lettuce wraps I got were very good.  They did have wonderful customer service and the place had a nice ambiance for sure.  The portions were small though and the price was on the high end for Thai food in the valley.,  Not worth it.  And you have to fight and pay extra for an extra bite of rice! Its such cheap stuff and where you are paying $16 for an entree and $13 for a soup, it should come with rice!
4	Great food, friendly staff, good ambiance. Pricey a little bit but food is amazing. I will definitely go there again.
5	I wanted to update my review and say this place is still a top notch Thai place in Phoenix.  For starters I had the Crab Wonton's which are a must.  They come with an amazing dipping sauce and have a generous amount of crab not Krab in them which is what makes the difference from a lot of these cheap places in town.  For the entree I had the Seafood Hot Pot which is full of Shrimp, scallops, clams and calamari with tomatoes and sliced fresh mushrooms in a hot and sour lemon grass broth. I ordered it Thai hot which was great to open up my sinuses and keep my tummy warm : ).  Everything from the food to the service at this place is top notch.  Don't miss out on this one.
2	Ordered the seafood curry and it looked delicious but tasted very bland, we had to add sugar and fish sauce to make it edible. The pleasant waitress reccomended the spicy chicken as a special whch turned out to be the same sauce and style of Pandas Orange chicken and at $18.00 for orange chicken? Perhaps we came in at a bad day or did not order the right dishes? This place may be over rated. Service was spectacular! Food not!
4	This is a wonderful little find with a husband and wife owner and the friendliest staff around.  I had a nice Petite Petit wine and my g/f had the bartender make her a custom hot toddy.  We started with a pot of the Tom Yum Soup and then had the flavorful Seafood Green Curry and the Beef & Broccoli.  Everything was good but the beef and broccoli was exceptional.  I will definitely be back.
1	Service was horrible.  We ordered the Tom Yum soup, crab won tons and for the main entrees the Garlic shrimp and Mussaman house specialties. Soup was almost warm, garlic shrimp was OK, and crab won tons were cold. The house special meat was so chewy, I could not even finish one bite. After we sent it back, it only took 30 minutes to tell us we it will be 5-10 more minutes.
4	Green curry was pretty good. I'll be back to try other items on the menu. Was surprised that they didn't have the standard chili sauce on the tables. The good news is, the curry was spicy enough without adding chili sauce.
3	I have only been here a couple of times for lunch and haven't tried much on their menu but my experiences so far have been ok.  Nothing was bad but nothing was really memorable either.It's a little place that feels like a converted wendy's or other fast food restaurant without much character.  On both occasions, we stuck to the 'lunch specials' but i think i'd be happier ordering from the regular menu.   SaBai serves standard traditional Thai/Fusion fare with typical offerings of stir-fry, curries, and the like.
5	Stopped in for lunch with a friend the other day and I can't believe I didn't check this place out sooner.  I remember when this location used to be a Wendy's while it still has some Wendy's-esque features, they gave it a very nice look:)  I ordered the Thai Lemonade (Thai iced tea with lemonade) and gulped it down in five seconds, it was super delicious.  For food I ordered the CoCo Soup (coconut milk soup) with no meat sub extra veggies and a side of rice.  It was so flavorful, and the soup was just was I was looking for!  My friend was equally pleased with his garlic shrimp dish and side salad.  I can't wait to hit this joint up again when I'm in the mood of tasty Thai cuisine!
5	THis was the best THAI I have had in Phoenix and I have been to quite a few places.  The food is so fresh, the Pad Thai delicious, the Kapow chicken prepared perfectly and the panang chicken was awesome.  Thee portions were ginormous and we could hardly finish our meals with a few appetizers.  The staff was very very pleasant and took excellent care of us.  I will absolutely return for more of this great food.
5	I had dinner there tonight.  I had the ribs which were absolutely awesome.  It comes dry and the sauce is a ginger base sauce on the side.  The ribs were falling off the bone and very moist.  The fried rice was awesome.  The waitress recommended a petite wine which was perfect.  But I have to comment on the service.  Five stars for service. They are really friendly and seem to enjoy being their and helping all of their guests.  Tonight they had a guy singing and playing a guitar.  Very good and suited the restaurant very well.
5	Very good Thai food and reasonably priced as well. The service is friendly, and the atmosphere is very laid back and casual. Make sure to go in for happy hour. They have some great specials!
4	1st time here and had their special: Avocado Curry with chicken.. medium hot. They should really add this to their regular menu..Everything was fresh, I could really taste the coconut in the curry. I'm very picky but this place is the best I've found in the valley! Me n my friends ordered different dishes to try out as much as we could and we weren't disappointed. *Try their thai ribs, the meat falls off the bone :D
2	Walked in to this place on a Monday night and were promptly greeted by our server.  She was very nice and enthusiastic and described all the specials in great detail. We ordered the satay, lettuce wraps, egg rolls and coco soup to start. We were the only guests in the restaurant so our appetizers and drinks arrived promptly.  Things quickly went down hill from there. Our food arrived long after we had finished our appetizers and soup.  We had the pad thai and bbq rib special.  Neither were spectacular.  As the dinner crowd began to arrive the staff seemed frantic.  There were only 4 tables besides us and 2 waitresses.  A competent waitstaff should have no problem handling a dining room this size.  The food was ok, nothing special and definitely not authentic thai.  The service was unacceptable.  We sat patiently for 30 minutes waiting for out bill and boxes.  If we hadn't flagged our server down we'd probationary still be there.  Unfortunately, I will not be going back.
5	Best eggplant Thai dish ever. And my last favorite Thai dish was the eggplant from the Thai Basil in Tempe. This was even better--impressed.They even sell fresh Thai Basil plants--legit.
5	Service is really good. Food is even better. Hidden gem. Pad thai is amazzzzing. Daily specials and great happy hour
4	This place use to be a Wendy's for years since I lived down the street. Still, they made it look nice on the inside (they have a drive thru!) and they even had a man playing his versions of classic rock songs on guitar which was nice. The Hostess was also our server and she was super nice (Go Erin!). When a girlfriend of mine and I walked in we saw the specials for the day and when I saw avocado curry I was sold since I'm addicted to avocados. We got the lettce wraps which was good (wish it didn't come with iceburg though) and got it simply because it came with I believe their sweet and sour sauce AND the peanut sauce. LOVE peanut sauce.From what I saw, they had a full bar. Beer selection was good, nothing on tap though which makes me a sad panda. I had to order the thai tea which was very good and tried the thai coffee, also good.Avocoda curry was amazing! Though when I got the bill I was sad to see that it cost $18... I understand that when they say it's the special, it means that they don't serve it on their everyday menu.I'll most def be back, very good place!P.S. Came on a Monday night.
5	Had dinner on Friday.  It was happy hour which meant that it was $2 off the appetizers.  We had the chicken lettuce wraps. They came with peanut sauce and sweet sauce on the side.  Very tasty and crunchy with cashew and noodles. Main dishes were Beef with Broccoli in Oyster Sauce.  The server asks you how spicy you want it and I said very spicy (to her this meant Thai Spicy)  The second dish was Chicken in Sweet and Sour sauce.  The Beef dish was spectacular in flavor and I ate all the broccoli (which I usually do not eat at all) because it was al dente (broccoli was not soggy or overcooked).  I really, really enjoyed it.  My companion liked the sweet and sour sauce but felt the chicken was overcooked.  I checked it out and agreed.  But the sauce was very good.  Our server Netty? came by often to check on how we were doing and how we liked our food.  She made sure our water glasses were kept full.  The water had cucumber slices in it which made it taste super refreshing.  We had a $10 coupon from the card deck that is sold in participating restaurants so we saved a few bucks.The bottom line is that we finally found a Thai restaurant that we like and is open 7 days a week.  OOPS, forgot to tell you that there is a nice guy playing the guitar and trying to sing classic melodies.  It was a nice touch. Can't blame a guy for trying.
5	Great modern fresh Thai food. They have done an awesome job remodeling and decorating the restaurant. I love the Sa Bai fried rice, but everything is good! :) Highly recommended by me.
3	I loved the service!  the food was good except for just ONE thing.  I ordered  Cashew chicken, and the chicken, to me, was over cooked and it tasted like it came out of the microwave.My husband got the Classic Curry with chicken, and it tasted the same way.  The lettuce wraps were friggin YUMMIELICIOUS!  And they are 1/2 price on happy hour.  I just wish the chicken the main dishes didn't taste like it came out of a microwave:(  it was very disappointing.  The Decor was good and peaceful.  Quite surprising considering I remember going in there years ago when it was a wendy's.   The service was pretty amazing.  But when I was leaving I noticed the female owner (recognized her from the website) parked in the handicapped spot.  As my mother was handicapped this really bothered me ALOT.  The thai iced tea was good.  I LOVE the fact that they put cucumber in the water, I am now such a fan that I do this at home as well.  If you are in the area, its worth a shot.  Do not order any chicken entree's.  Eat the appetizers instead.  I am very disappointed in the owner parking in the handicap spot (yes she drived a black SUV).  If you are in the area, check it out!  It's worth that for sure!  Thanks!
3	Brought the grandparents here in hopes of impressing them with some quality Thai food... too bad the service almost gave them an aneurysm. The awkwardly loud, clubbish music playing before sunset didn't help either. I was embarrassed when they complained to our waitress about it, but the fact that no one turned it down didn't help the situation.When asked why our food was taking half an hour, the waitress blamed it on the fact that one of our dishes required grilled salmon. The restaurant was almost completely empty, and anyone who's ever grilled anything knows that that excuse is bullshittery. Redemption arrived in the form of green curry and pad thai, but not before my grandpa threatened to walk out (too bad DQ was his only other option).Overall, the food was above average in its category (particularly the sauces), and I enjoyed the setting, but the lesson's been learned. This is probably not a family spot. I'd go back if I was with some friends in the area, but if the kitchen makes a habit out of taking their sweet time, I'm out.
5	I love this place! Coming home from San Francisco, this it's the only delicious thai food that comes close. The green curry special with avocados and chicken is to die for but it was a tad sweeter than I had expected, so if recommend medium spiciness.Their portions are medium to large for the price and quality.The bar tender/server we had was older but she was as excited as if she were 21 again and she let us take advantage of happy hour by buying drinks right away but not getting then served to us until later.Overall, great people, great service, delicious food!
5	I came here for lunch and was able to try their Pad Thai. It comes with Shrimp and Chicken as well as your choice of soup or salad. We got it with Medium Spice and it was not too spicy. The lemonade was good also but no free refills. I would suggest this if your in Arcadia and looking for great priced Thai Food.
3	I stopped in for lunch here for a take-out order.  That was a big mistake.  If you are getting take-out then call ahead.  I waited almost an hour for my food.  Usually take-out at most places seems to go through a different queue.  Not this day unfortunately.  The restaurant is pretty nice for being a converted Wendy's.  My Pad See Ewe was also pretty good it had a different kind of noodle than I am used too, but that could have been from me being hungry. They also will make anything vegetarian if you ask which is always great. The staff were very nice just a bit frazzled. I'll give them another visit.TIP: Call in Take-out Orders
4	Got to say I am Impressed that although I've been eating the same meal most every visit that the consistency it outstanding.  I have yet to eat a Meal that didn't have great flavour that wasn't too comlex and overpowering.  Unless I ask for Thai hot.... The flavours meld together well in all the meals I've eaten here so far.  I know that the city is teaming with Thai food places everywhere you look, but Sa Bai is unassuming yet powerful.  Decent wines and bar with some the for the sports fans and such.   So far no issues with servers or anything... Glass always seems filled without me even seeing them fill it.   I go at different hours and different times and have yet to have questionable service.   I can only use my judgement being a foodie and in the culinary feild for years that's it's worth the visit. Yu make even make it your watering hole.   Try the coco soup it good flavourful filling and inexpensive.   And of course the avacado green curry dish is great... Don't forget the THAI TEA. YUM
4	Went there for happy hour with a friend recenty had two beers, their version of egg rolls (or spring rolls or whatever you want to call them) chicken wings, and "soi" sliders (ground pork with awesome buns) between the two of us. The bill was $25 total, awesome value and everything tasted great.
4	Very pleasantly surprised for delivery! The lettuce wraps, coco soup and spicy flat noodles...all were excellent! Great flavor, freshness and heat! Medium spicy flat noodles were really quite hot. So happy to find great Thai food that delivers! Will definitely order again or dine in soon!
2	Driven by this restaurant and figured I had to give it a try...and was absolutely disappointed. The owners have done a great job of decorating the interior, and the touches are modern (cucumber slices in the water, service bar, etc)...but for good authentic Thai food, this is not the place. The service staff was two Asian ladies that were very friendly...but with the open kitchen in the back, I could clearly see that the cooks were two Mexican guys. Mexican guys making "authentic" Thai food? Hoping for the best, I ordered the Basil Chicken with vegetables (along with Pad Thai, this is probably the most basic, common Thai dish). However, this was disappointing, as the food lacked Thai flavor, the chicken was overcooked, and instead of having good Asian flavor...was simply spicy. Very disappointed. The Pad See-iew was ok, but acceptable at best. Prices are generally $12-18 for dinner menu, so not the cheapest of Thai restaurants. Lunch specials were $8 or so.Looking at the menu, definitely an interesting menu of salads and soups that sounds good...so if you're someone that thinks Pei Wei is authentic Asian food, this is your spot. Good service, cute decor, great spot for a work lunch. But if you're about the authenticity and quality of the food, try the nearby Thai Lahna or La's Thai.
4	Coming from LA where i see thai joints on every block, i decided to try this one out on my date. The food was really good! crab wontons were amazing!. I ordered the spicy noodle and the waitress asked me "do  you want american hot or thai hot?" and i chose american hot just to play it safe. I totally should have went for thai hot, seeing as i asked for some sriracha on the side and dumped it all over my food :)The place was very cute, modern, and was not loud so i was actually able to hold a great conversation on my date. Definitely coming back here!
5	I think you can always tell the quality of a Thai restaurant by how good their Pad Thai is!  This place has YUMMY Pad Thai!!!!! (I've tried the veggie and tofu, no egg.) The veggie spring rolls are good as well. Very friendly and very accommodating!They have a drive-thru for take out!!
3	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place out tonight. The ambiance inside was real nice. Dim lighting and tea light candles on the tables set the mood. The host/ our server was nice and friendly. For it a slow night prompter service could've been given. Anyways we tried the crab wontons I've heard such great reviews for, and I'd have to say they met my expectations. Delicious! Although $6 for small six pieces of wontons seemed over priced. Then to our meals. I ordered the Curry Chicken ($12) and my boyfriend had the Cashew Chicken ($12). Our orders didn't take too long to come out. My chicken curry was quite watery and wasn't as flavorful. It seemed like it had the potential to be a great meal but was added an extra unneccesary cup of water. The cashew chicken though was pretty good, but nothing too special. I'd say that I'd visit this restaurant again, however maybe only during lunch to get the meals for their lunch prices. It just a bit overpriced for having nothing real special to offer.
5	We are from northern Indiana, in Scottsdale for a conference. We read some good reviews for Sa Bai online. We decided to try it out, what a great choice! Great attentive sevice and the food and tea is fabulous! The peanut sauce could be a dessert by itself! Well worth the drive.
3	Above average Thai food for Phoenix takeout.  Good size portions.  Expensive for this kind of food, though.  Difficult to order the correct "hot" level - medium is weak and they scare you off of thai hot.  The restaurant is clean and comfortable.  It feels like (and is) a refurbished Wendy's, which I think is funky cool.Frustrating service.  The first time I called ahead, showed up on time, and wound up waiting an extra 25 minutes for them to finish making my dinner for two.  The next time I called ahead and was assisted by someone who was untrained on the register.  He told me my dinner for four came to $78.  Impossible.  I had to walk him through the entire order a second time as he hunted-and-pecked his way across the register... again.
5	This place is great!  As someone mentioned, its a refurbished Wendy's.  It brings an old school feel to it, they have done great work on the interior.  You can use the drive thru window to pick up to-go orders.  Awesome.Every time I have ordered here the food has been fantastic.  I always find myself going back to the Pad Thai!   The best thai in the area and quite possibly the best thai I have had in Phoenix.  Also a locally owned restaurant, support this place!
5	Thanks to all the helpful yelp reviewers, my husband and I decided to try this place out before our flight from the Phoenix airport - and boy are we happy we did! The food was great, atmosphere was intimate without being sleepy, and the service was right on! I highly recommend this place!
4	Order take out here on a pretty constant basis. Great pAd Thai and Thai teas. Great prices too.
4	The food is very good. Nice atmosphere. Service is slow from time to time.
5	I really like the flavor and variety that this restaurant had to offer. I really enjoy coming here for the food and some Thai flare. I recommend it. The only thing I would recommend is serving the curry dishes in different styled bowls. I love knowing I can dip my spoon in a deep bowl of curry and spoon out the goodness onto my plate. Good stuff and great work!
5	The Thai tea is worth the visit by itself..
5	Amazing! Try the lemongrass eggplant dish. Everything I've had here has been exquisite.
3	I am going to give 3 stars based on last night's takeout. It was the second time I've ordered...First time: pleasant ordering experience on the phone, ordered thai spring rolls (6 come with an order, wow!), wonton soup (pretty good), and spicy flat noodles (a little dry, but tasty).   Would have given 4 stars after this.Second time: awful phone experience... got passed between two different people, had to shout my order repeatedly, really frustrated by the time I got off the phone.  Repeated spring roll and wonton soup order, still good... but decided to try the shrimp red curry.  Specifically asked, and was told rice came with order.  After delivery guy left and checked order, no rice.  Called, came fairly quickly with rice, and a thai tea and dessert to make up for it, great, but then sat down to finally eat food and it was the wrong curry! ARG.  We ate it anyway - but the curry had clams which had broken shells throughout the meal and was quite sandy.  Very disappointed.   I have never been inside restaurant, only ordered takeout.  They charge $5 for delivery, which I think is crazy.  I will probably try again, but will hold off on ordering for a bit.
4	Some of the best Thai food I've had in Arizona. I had the Basil Chicken level 4 spicyness which was delish but not spicy enough. Next time I'll try level 5 Thai hot. The chicken satay appetizer was a little dry, but the sauce was great. The service was great as well.
2	Wasn't the best by far. I got a Coco soup which was flavorful, almost too flavorful but nice pieces of white meat chicken. Also got the Garlic Shrimp and I was expecting the typical Garlic Shrimp with a thick sauce. This came drenched in liquid and the shrimp were very chewy. I ate two bites and could not eat anymore. If I ever come back to Phoenix, I will not order delivery from here again. Disappointed!
5	Went there with a group for a lunch meeting and everyone was overwhelmed by how good there meal was. Great lunch specials, good service and my personal favorite the Pad Thai with Shrimp and Chicken spicy level 4 of 5 was outstanding.
4	Went here on a Sunday with my husband for dinner. We sat down and enjoyed the live music, they had a decent singer playing guitar. We checked our their specials and decided to stray away from our traditional pad thai (I usually regret this). We ordered the chicken curry chow mein dish and the grilled salad. The chow mein was full of vegetables with a rich coconut curry sauce, the flavor was really good and portion size was generous. The salad came with grilled steak, fresh vegetables, and lots of mint, cilantro, and basil. This salad was also very good, lots of fresh flavor and healthy. I did not regret straying away from my traditional order of pad thai. My only complaint is that the chow mein was $18, which I consider a little pricey for Thai food. I would still definitely return.
4	We went in on a Wednesday evening.  It is a very casual place, but don't let that fool you.  The food was wonderful and if you are worried about the food being too spicy, or not spicy enough- they make everything to order.  We had terrific Tom Yum Soup, the lettuce wraps, Salmon Curry, Drunken Noodles and a chicken and avocado curry.  I would recommend any of these dishes. They have a full bar.Best yet for all the food and drinks our bill was under $100.  Pretty amazing.
5	I am writing this review because I am having a killer Sai Bai craving at this time and since the restaurant is closed, this is my only coping mechanism. I will start off by saying I am a Thai food enthusiast/junkie. I grew up around a lot of AUTHENTIC Thai establishments and will detest any Thai food deemed mediocre. Sai Bai is simply AMAZING. So amazing that I am craving it almost every other day.  The taste, the quality meats, the precise cooking technique... Oh my. This place has earned a place in my brain (and stomach). The restaurant is clean, beautifully decorated, and the staff is amazing. If you love Thai, try Sai Bai! If you never had Thai, this is a wonderful place for a first timer!
2	At first glance I had high hopes. Candles on all tables. Attentive wait staff. Live music(!)...but in the end all this just didn't add up.The crab wontons were fine. Strong taste of crab and the sauce was very flavorful.The entrees were far too soupy. Either serve the ingredients with plenty of sauce...or drown the dish in muck and call it a SOUP or a STEW. I ordered the Mussaman (braised beef) which was quite flavorful, but the dish was a mess. It was just pieces of onion, scalloped carrots and tender beef lost in a bowl full of broth. I thought I ordered a beef dish...not a soup? And why scallop a carrot? Leave the vegetable alone. Round carrots are fine. Choo Chee Seafood was also ordered, with the same result: lost in a soupy mixture with no substance.It took FOR-EV-ER to get our check. I almost got up to beg the waitress for our tab. It wasn't even busy, so it's not like she was behind.With all the attention to the decor and overall look of the restaurant, I'm a little saddened that the food has been overlooked. A pretty high price was paid for a mediocre meal.
2	Upon arriving I liked the ambience of low lighting, candles, and contemporary decor. I was surprised to see live music, although I am not a fan. If I wanted a show, I would go to a show, as I prefer conversation over eating and listening to someone else.FOOD: the crab wontons were very good, but at a $1/per small wonton, they are a bit pricey. The Choo Chee seafood was a bit disappointing. For $14 I would have expected more, but all I got were literally 2 small scallops and 2 shrimp, a few "O" rings of calamari (no tentacles, my favorite) and several clams. Since this was previously a Wendy's restaurant, I keep thinking: "where's the seafood?!" The sauce was also very thin and soupy and lacked the multitude of flavors and spices I usually expect in Thai food, not to mention that I didn't see any Kaffir lime leaf garnish. And why were there Jalapenos in this dish? Is this some sort of Mexican influence coming from the kitchen staff?SERVICE: very friendly and attentive at first but had to wait a very long time (over 20 minutes) just to receive the check.Conclusion: overpriced for what you can get comparable or better elsewhere (Wild Thaiger, Tom Yum), especially where the chefs are actually Thai.
5	I started with the lettuce wraps, had the Pad Thai and Pad See-iew, and finished with the fried bananas. First off the Pad thai was different from what i expected i'm used to flat thick noodles in my pad thai and it was instead 'invisible" noodles which i like 10x better anyway! The Pad See-iew did have the flat thick noodles but had a taste that was unique so i have to give them a 5 as well. The highlight of my meal was the FRIED BANANAS!! THey were bomb! I've never had them before and it was kind of like a cheesecake banana fried thing and was out of this world!
4	On a solo evening with homework waiting for me I decided to try Saa Ba thai takeout.    One bite and I thought "Why, oh why, have I waited so long to try this place!  Yum!!!!"  I got pad Thai and they perfectly accommodated my no chicken/no onion/non spicy request.  And their sticky rice with mango was delish.  I no longer feel the need to drive way down to Wild Thaiger on Central (although I still like them also).    But I am so excited to have this neighborhood place!
3	Went here for lunch with a girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the Pad Thai. In my personal opinion, you can always tell the quality of a Thai restaurant by the Pad Thai. That said, I was honestly pretty un-enthused by the place. The music was your typical radio music. The servings were pretty small. And the waitresses were not that great. It took close to ten minutes for the waitress to come along and refill my friend's water. In recap: pretty good food, but the rest was not something that I was overly impressed with.
5	Had a great dinner on new years eve with friends. Service was great and the bartender hooked up a two year old in our group with a shirley temple and party hat. Great neighborhood place!
2	I would not recommend this place.Thai rolls - way to bread-ey.  Not enough vegetables.Basil classic - tasted like burnt oil.Pad see iew - this had hardly any sauce/flavor. Very little chicken in the dish.
4	Been coming her eon and off for a while but never really thought of leaving anything here...but I feel that its worth it to try.I notice that although it looks from the outside it doesn't look very big but once you get inside It does look very nice.. has nice servers that always kept my glass filled and this was a busy lunch yet I felt that I mattered.The owner (Eric?) was thoughtful enough to make  the rounds and asked me how things were. he even asked if I had thai tea I told him yes and he comp'ed me a thai tea that was really nice and unexpected  as I said it was very busy lunch,  The phones was very active as I was sitting at the bar eating my Pad Thai.  I must say its very good and they use authentic Thai spices and Curry.. ( not India) .  I found out that his wife is thai and that explains why the food doesn't taste like Cardboard American thai food..but real thai,. ( yes I was married to a thai and I should know LOL)   I didn't have any issues to discuss but will be writing more reviews as time goes by to see if there is change.   I think that maybe the music was a bit loud but its a cycle at most restaurants that the music is up the crown gets loud and that's maybe it.Food -goodDrinks -good (I had non alcoholic...but it was always refreshed)(ambiance - its lunch so a little loudtemp..-its HOT outside but great insideBathroom- (don't know about the female restroom)  clean and nice and stockedkitchen busy busy but foods coming out Plated nicely not messy and everything looks so appetizing I want to buy more dinner but im already fullI am not sure but even busy the servers were catering all the tables and I did not recognize anyone having issue that afternoon
3	I really want to love this place. But at the end of the day, the food is only OK.They messed my order up the first time. I ordered the lettuce wraps and a chicken curry(around $16), and did not give me any rice for my curry. Thats ok, shit happens... they offered my next meal on the house.Fast forward 8 months, I decided to give them another try.  Ordered the same thing. The curry is pretty good, but could use some more filler to go with the sauce(add more veggies/chicken) . The lettuce wraps didn't really have much chicken in them, but they were really tasty as well. On the whole, for the value, there are better places in town, but this is a pretty solid spot if you live next door.
5	I haven't been into SaBai's actual restaurant but we used their online ordering system and were extremely pleased with their simple layout, custom ordering options and speedy service. I ordered the guten-free option for my meal and within seconds of placing my order I received a call from the restaurant letting me know that they couldn't make one of my entree's with this option. They offered to take it off and refund my order right away! I was blow away by their accommodating professionalism, we will definitely be ordering from SaBai again!
1	My first review for a Thai restaurant since moving out here to the Phoenix area. I've decided to place an order for delivery. Ordered the Pad Thai Shrimp (substitute the chicken for tofu instead) and the papaya salad. The service sucks, the lady who took the phone order has selective listening (ONLY WANTS TO HEAR YOUR CREDIT CARD INFO), not friendly AT ALL, food is disgusting, I've had better (even though I thought their food is ridiculously overpriced), and they charge for EVERYTHING!! and I will NEVER order from your restaurant EVER AGAIN!! The only thing that is modern about this place is that they are the only place in Phoenix that actually know Thai cuisine. BTW, beware..they charge a $5.00 delivery charge. That's insane. Never again
5	I travel extensively and have eaten Thai food in restaurants all over the planet so I know how good or bad thai food can be. Having said that, I don't agree with some of the mediocre reviews on the site, the food here is excellent. The dishes are always delicately prepared and the produce is always crispy fresh and extremely flavorful. The staff is excellent and very accommodating towards special requests and the atmosphere is unique in the sense that its progressive with live contemporary music (not your stereotypical Thai "atmosphere" tapes playing)To put it in perspective I eat here at least once or twice a week and there are many other Thai restaurants to choose from. If you're teetering, give it a shot I think you'll find it to be excellent.
3	We had dinner here on a Friday night.  The dishes we ordered were: Coco Soup & Cashew Chicken washed down with a Mango Mojito, and ended with fried banana spring rolls with coconut ice cream.  The service was friendly and good; but the food was fair to average.  The cream cheese filler in the fried banana spring rolls was an unfortunate distraction to the taste.
1	I was excited to try this place since it has lots of reviews and 4 stars. I figured it must be good!  It is a rarity that I find Yelp to be inaccurate based on the ratings of others.  I was extremely disappointed! The lady who seated us and waited on us was blatantly rude.  I have never had such terrible service, anywhere, ever!  She seemed angry at us just for coming into the establishment.  I figured at least the food would be good, based on the reviews of my fellow Yelpers, however, it was NOT!  The Pad Thai noodles were overcooked, and the dish was bland.  There were no sprouts to help offset the sogginess.  The dish was not served with lime.  It was easily the worst Pad Thai I've ever had, and Pad Thai happens to be my favorite food, so I eat it all the time, and from lots of different Thai restaurants.  I didn't care for their lettuce wraps either, but something like Pad Thai should be a staple at a Thai restaurant, and should certainly not disappoint as theirs did.   The atmosphere was nice enough.  It looks like the location used to be a Wendy's or something, and they've fixed it up nicely.  It lacks a lot of Asian flare, but that is the least of their worries based on having experienced their food and service.  What a shame - they even have a drive-thru!  I certainly would have been back, had it not been such a negative experience.  Recommended Thai Restaurant alternatives: Wild Thaiger, Malee's, and Soi 4 Bangkok Eatery to name a few of my faves.  Wild Thaiger has my favorite Pad Thai and is also in the Phoenix area as opposed to Scottsdale like Malee's and Soi 4.
4	Thumbs up! Great delivery choice. Crab wontons are the ticket! Best broccoli beef I have ever had. Happy and stuffed.
1	Wow. I can't believe this place has such good reviews. Either that or I just had the unfortunate luck of my first and only experience tonight with a horrible server  . I have worked in the service industry for ten years and went here with a former employee/ now manager of a restaurant. It is the first time we have ever left a zero dollar tip. Our female server rushed us over to a table, threw down menus, never even greeted us, and then hounded us to order (we got there at 9 on a tues, when they close at 10). So after rushing our order someone else brought our food out and we literally never saw our server again. I had ordered a drink, and wanted more but never had the opportunity to order one. We then watched as our server was spotted playing on her iPad at the bar. We had to yell out to her to please come over and bring us our check. It's a shame because the food was good, but I will never be back.
5	Truly the most amazing pad thai in the valley. Truly the most amazing Thai food in the valley served with a whole lot of lovin!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I absolutely love this place. It is by far the best Thai restaurant I've been to in Phoenix. I highly recommend the Sa Bai Fried Rice. Also, they can make any dish vegetarian.
5	Amazing amazing amazing!!!!  Great food, good drinks and excellent service!!!  Highly recommend the spicy noodles ;-)
3	Good Thai food.  Menu selection is a little limited though.  Was looking for some rice and curry but did not find any.  Food came out fast.  The crab wonton was good.  I had ordered the rice with sweet n sour chicken along with cucumbers and pineapple (gotta have my pineapples).  I enjoyed it.  The fried banana was already warm when served.  I prefer them Arizona hot along with the ice cream though. The place actually served liquor!  Too bad I couldn't order any.  Just graduated from AA. Jk. Overall I'd eat here again.  Oh yea the waitress was very friendly and super cute!
1	Felt ill after eating here and my friend said maybe the food or cleanliness (or lack thereof)  made me ill, so I looked them up on the Maricopa County Restaurant site to see how they do on inspections.  PRETTY awful.  In fact, their last inspection said it was the 3rd CONSECUTIVE time inspectors found them keeping food at the wrong temperatures and that can make people sick.  Oh, and they also don't keep their sanitizer at proper levels so when they wipe surfaces, they just spread germs around.   YUK!  Look them up for yourself.  https://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food%20Establishments%20Search&as_type=Food     I won't be back.
3	Found it okay okay. The menu items were more or less what you expect from a Thai place.
5	Again I went back to this AMAZING place where the food continues to be unbelievable.  They have excellent service, tasty starters and delicious mango mojitos.    If you want a very reasonably priced place to eat out, this is your spot.  So worth it!!!
1	Eric, I dont care about the delivery charge. Your food is overpriced, and the lady who took the order was horrible to me. So I will never come back and dine in your restaurant. No, thank you.
4	Ok, maybe their chef changed or something because the pad thai was a lot better this time around (although I did ask for medium and my friend could barely eat it.  I'd say it was more of a 7/10 than 5/10).  The crab wontons are kind of expensive, but they have more crab in it than any other place around here.  The papaya salad was decent but not mind blowing.I think I would prefer cilantro and peanuts in my pad thai but this place is pretty good.  They did overcook the noodles a tiny bit.
3	My party of 3 visited SaBai on a last-minute whim on Sunday night at about 8:15 PM. We ended up being the only ones in the place, as two other parties were leaving as we arrived.  We were greeted and seated quickly, and staff were friendly and efficient throughout our meal (they had nobody else to take care of).  Atmosphere is pleasant, upscale for the neighborhood, dimly lit, slightly romantic. Cloth napkins and wood floors. Not Asian-themed, but nice. Food was quick to arrive and tasty.  Their "medium" spice level is pretty mild, as Thai food goes, so if you're looking for spicy, I assume you need to ask for "hot."  It's a little pricey for the area and quality, at $12-16 per item. We had the Coco Soup, which was really excellent.  The Curry was good, though again, not as spicy as one would expect.  Pad Thai was OK, but it had some weird kind of crispy won tons on top, which I've never seen on Pad Thai before. I didn't detect any peanuts in it, and other reviewers are correct that there were no bean sprouts or lime.  Chicken and shrimp were present, but not plentiful in this dish. I'm all for adding The Chef's own style to dishes, but with a staple like Pad Thai, I think you need to stick to tradition and what customers are expecting.There also happened to be a guy playing guitar and singing in there. He had some skill and musical talent, although didn't seem to be able to finish a song. Just noodling around, changing tunes constantly, and it seemed like he was practicing licks or something. This didn't really detract from our meal. It was just weird, especially for a Thai restaurant.Overall, a decent experience, and there's better, cheaper Thai food nearby, so based mostly on price, I probably won't be rushing in there again except for special occasions.
4	Started with a wonderful sweet and sour, a glass of blushing rose, and refreshing cucumber water. I was lucky enough to come during Happy Hour but would have paid full price for everything even if I hadn't.Comfortable decor, nice atmosphere, and my server (Mariah) was a pleasure. Good food, large portions, and reasonable pricing. Do yourself a favor and enjoy this little restaurant.
4	Great Thai food, clean place, reasonable prices.  Don't let the old Wendy's building scare you.  All of our friends love it too.
5	I just ate here today for lunch. I had the green curry with veggies and tofu lunch special. It was $8 and came with either soup or salad. I choose salad, the peanut dressing was yummy!   My curry was ah-mazing!  It had sliced and cooked jalapenos, eggplant, snap peas, green beans, zucchini, broccoli, and yummy fried tofu. The curry itself was very rich, and the perfect (for me) spice, I ordered it hot, not Thai hot. I have at least one more meal here as leftovers...great find, I'll be back!!
5	I love love love this place!  I usually order out from here once a week, and love it!  Pad thai is incredible, so are the spicy noodles!  And of course, you have to try the crispy thai rolls!  Definitely a favorite!  I keep meaning to dine in some night as this place has super cool live bands, but haven't yet done it..  They also have fun Thai trinkets you can buy!
5	I can't recommend this place enough.The decor gives the restaurant a very upscale feel despite the dumpy Arcadia location, the service is phenomenal and you're promptly given a water with cucumber after arriving, and the food is incredible.For something different, try the Thai Lemonade. It's delicious. Pad Thai and red curry are on point, spice levels are spot on, and there are plenty of options.  Pricing is a little higher than some others, but it's worth it.
5	This place has the spiciest pad thai I have ever tried! It was full of flavor and delicious!!!
5	This place is AMAZING. The curry is anything but bland, which tends to happen at commercial or chain Thai places. That's not the case here, you can really taste all the different flavors and spices in the curry. It's so good that I could have it with just rice. I have gotten the red, green, and yellow. Out of the three the green has been my favorite, but it's not for the faint at heart. I love the heat so I always order it hot. If you can't handle spicey the yellow is the way to go. The restaurant is very comfortable and cool on the inside, it's a nice place to go for lunch to beat the heat. They always play good music too, which is nice when you just want to chill out. The staff is also very friendly, and the service is super fast, I've never waited long than 10 minutes for anything, and that's even a stretch for time.
5	Have been enjoying Sa Bai delivered to my apartment for the last year! Always delicious and always super speedy in 20 mins or less!  Am vegetarian and they are always able to accommodate my orders. We love Drake, always friendly and efficient on the phone and when delivering at our door! Sa Bai is our go to delivery service! Def give it a try! :)
5	Took my girl here for Valentines and had a genuinely excellent time here. There was live  music and the place was pretty bumpin but it didn't slow down the service or make me feel overly anxious to order. I had the spicy noddles with chicken.. Medium was hot as hell to me but the flavor was bomb! My lady had the honey chicken with rice and we ordered spring rolls and crab wontons for appetizers, everything was hot and cooked perfectly.The prices are good for what you get and ha drinks were both 6.99 which made my heart smile even more.  I def will be back to get a drink or order a quick lunch and will recommend it to others! 5 stars
5	We have been wanting to eat here for a while and finally decided to get delivery. The delivery was under 45 minutes and the food was great.We got the fresh spring rolls with shrimp and they were fantastic and crunchy and everything they were supposed to be. Boyfriend had the spicy noodles with chicken which were delicious and filling with a ton of chicken and veggies. He got medium heat and that was nearly too much for me since if you crunched down on some pepper it really gave you a zinger, but they were really good. I got the beef and broccoli with oyster sauce and it didn't disappoint. The veggies were fresh and crunchy and the beef was tender and the sauce was perfect. I got medium heat as well and had the same complaint - over all the heat wasn't bad until you got a big bite of pepper. We will definitely be ordering from here again and would like to even go to the restaurant some time as well since its down the street.
1	Really slammed. Waited but mgr comped meal. Really nice . Better luck next time!
3	Food was good and they don't hold back on the spice like other places. I had the eggplant/broccoli; a minor detail is that the dish is stuffed with carrots and onions too (more than eggplant or broccoli). The flavor was good tough. The only service issue was the 50 minute wait for 3 dishes, which is not acceptable. It seemed like everyone around us was just waiting.
4	You enter and you are a little disoriented.  There are no customary photos of the Thai royal family and you pause to ask yourself if anything good come out of a building that once housed a Wendy's. But the service is efficient, the ambiance surprisingly charming, and the food on par with the better Thai spots in the area.
5	The pad thai is amazing! I imagine the rest of the menu is as good but I don't know if I can bring myself to order anything different. The medium is probably as hot as I can go - definitely hotter than other places just so you know before you order. The flavor is amazing! Definitely check this place out!
4	I have dined here about 10 times.  Always good.  Nice staff.  Nice bar area.  Friendly.  Dishes are overall very good.  I have worked my way through most of the menu.  Fried rice is exceptional.  Owners are present, visible and very friendly.  Nice, clean, good Thai restaurant.
4	My Girlfriend and I eat here occasionally and the food is consistently good. The chicken Satay is tender and the Papaya salad tastes fresh.  The servings are large and filling.  We typically order our meals carryout and we can usually pick up the order in 15-20 minutes. The interior looks clean and modern and you can see the kitchen if you look, which is always nice.If your in the mood for some Thai, you won't find anything better nearby.
4	Was my first time here..looks like a redone fast food joint but they did a great job with the space..very modern and open. We started with the hot pot of coco soup..came out steaming hot and delicious. Had the Pad Thai and it was a huge serving packed with chicken and shrimp.. I was pleasantly suprised.  Was a great dish. Great modern Thai at very reasonable prices..I'll be sure to put check this place out.
2	highly disappointed....not by the quality of the food, but by the accuracy. i ordered spicy fried rice w/ chicken to go. how one would mistaken "noodles" for "fried rice" i have no idea, but for the price, i'd at least expect my order to be accurate. strike 1. fyi, i never give places a chance for strike 3. hope the next time they get my order right.
3	First time here for lunch today. Very nice atmosphere, I was seated promptly and placed my order. lunch special, I ordered mixed vegetable, and my mate ordered pad thai. You have a choice of soup or salad....... I asked the waitress what the soup was and she told me it was vegetable soup, that sounded good to me. I aksed her what she thought was better the soup or salad and she suggested the soup and she was rite the soup was very good. it was basically broth with some chopped carrots, and celery. my mixed veggies and rice was very good. flavourful and cooked just rite, not over cooked. They offer brown rice which is a big plus in my book. my friends meal pad thai he really enjoyed it.  We will be back, they only complaint or negative I could log here would be the portion size. for 8 or 9 dollars for the lunch special. the portion was small. I never understand why most places serve small portions. especially since I only ordered vegetables. Its not like it would be a great expense to fill your plate with vegetables. my mates pad thai portion was on the plate but it did not cover the plate I mean it was such a small portion that you could see a lot of the porceilin plate. So that's my only negative. Food was very tastey. just don't come very hungry. for lunch specials at least not sure how their dinner portions are.
4	Had dinner and some appetizers here last night.  The flavors in our entrees were spot on and so fresh and refreshing. We tried the spring rolls as appetizers ( they tasted frozen) and that was the only complaint I had. The pot of clams in white whine broth, home run! There is a ginger Martini on the menu I recommend!!
5	Damn. I like this place.It's a great Thai place. Decor is very nice, food is amazing, server is sweetheart !What more can you ask for?
3	This was my 2nd time eating here, both times were for take out.  The setup is a little strange when you walk in but it's to be expected I supposed when they converted an old Wendy's drive through (pretty sure it was Wendy's). Anyways, this trip I ordered the tom yum soup and papaya salad.  The soup was eh, mediocre at best.  Tom yum should be a clear hot and sour soup, should be spicy but this was very thick with chili, hard to describe but I only ate half of the small or bowl size serving because it wasn't very good.  The green papaya salad is definitely NOT authentic in flavor but I found it strangely addictive. It almost had a parmesan cheesey flavor to the dressing, I really hope there wasn't any cheese in there but it's the best way I can describe it. I would only order this again if I wasn't wanting a normal salad, but it tasted nothing like an authentic green papaya salad should.
2	Came here with some friends for dinner after work. I had high hopes for this place but I knew when I walked through that door that I shouldn't expect the food to taste like true authentic Thai food. I wanted to give it a try anyways because one of my co-worker loves this place and recommend that I come here. Right away you can tell it used to be a Wendy's fast food joint and the drive through window is still there. The place was nice and clean inside and the low lighting with the candles on the tables make it feel more intimate and romantic if you were on a date. They give you cucumber water which I absolutely enjoyed since that is how I drink my water sometimes at home. I wanted to try their Mango Mojito but they couldn't make it so I ordered the Holly Pop. Let's just say that I didn't like it whatsoever. It was too sweet and tasted weird to me so I barely touched it. On to the food! I started with the Coco Soup and the Pad See-iew as an entree both with medium spice level. What can I say? The Coco soup was sour, salty, and creamy from the coconut milk but it was missing something. You can tell it didn't taste authentic. The Pad See-iew was a little bit too sweet and I couldn't taste any spice so I added more chili sauce. I also tried my friends food. One ordered the Avocado Curry, the other ordered Sweet Curry, and the last one ordered the Pad Thai. The Avocado Curry was actually quite tasty and flavorful. The Sweet Curry was bland and lack flavor. The Pad Thai was way too sweet and soggy. It was drowned in sauce or oil as you can see in my pic. Not appetizing at all. We ordered the fried bananas and ice cream to share for dessert. The bananas were wrapped like egg rolls and smothered with chocolate syrup. The outside was soggy and didn't taste like it was freshly made. Overall I don't think I will be coming back to this restaurant unless my friends drag me here by my hair. I'm used to home cooked authentic Thai food with robust flavor and spices so if that's what you're looking for then I wouldn't recommend coming here.
3	We've driven by this restaurant a countless number of times and finally decided to stop by. The ambiance is casual and intimate enough that it would be a good place to go as a couple or small group (keep in mind that the Saturday evening we went, it was around 6:30pm or so and not busy at all).When we sat down, we were given water with cucumber in it, which we thought was a nice touch & we ordered the Thai iced tea, which was really good (maybe a tad expensive, however, considering the glass was small & it cost $3).After browsing the menu (and looking at some photos on Yelp) we settled on the SaiBai Fried Rice & the Pad Thai for our meals. The fried rice was really unique; it was seasoned with a curry powder which is definitely different  ... I personally haven't had anything like it at a Thai restaurant. There was an abundance of chicken, cashews, & cranberries in it along with a few pieces of shrimp (three to be exact), broccoli (again, three pieces), pineapple and some carrots. The pad thai was decent/good - I'm not a fan of pad thai to begin with so I only had a couple of bites. The noodles & meat were tossed in a sweet & sour type sauce. I guess I don't have much more to say about it but my date finished the whole plate so I guess he liked it!We had ordered both of the dishes mild but in hindsight, I should've probably gotten the rice at a mild-medium or medium. Overall, because we liked the food & service, we'll probably go back.
5	Amazing Ambiance, Excellent Service, and Scrumptious FoodChoo Cheee...Choo CheeeEvery time and Anytime...This place Rocks!
5	Ordered for delivery through Grub hub.  Delivery was fast and the food was excellent.  I got the SaBai fried rice.  Seasoned with curry, had pineapple and dried cranberries.  Really really tasty and different.  My daughter got the curry.  Very good but wish we would have ordered it a little spicier.  You never know how much heat you are going to get with a Thai place so we always start with mild.  Will definitely order again!
5	I had my first meal at this fine establishment today and was thoroughly impressed! The food was fantastic, prices were reasonable and the service was stellar. If you like Thai food or are looking to try it - give this place a shot - you won't be sorry.A solid 5 stars!!!
3	We started with fried crab wonton and ordered eggplant and fried rice as entree . The food was completely amazing but the service was not good compared to the quality of food.
4	On my last visit to Phoenix we hungry ( yet lazy) so we decided to order delivery from SaBai Modern Thai.  We found the website very easy to use.  The menu items are sorted by type of food: appetizers, soups and salads, house specialties, stir fried entrees, etc.  When you select any item, a window appears asking you to designate a spice level for that particular dish on a scale of no spice, medium, Thai hot, mild, or hot.  You can also designate special instructions such as no onions.  I ordered my dish Thai hot, but my fellow diners stuck to the mild level.  I chose the Mussaman which consists of braised boneless beef short ribs in classic mussaman curry with potatoes, carrots, onions, whole peanut and cinnamon essence.Our food was delivered quickly; everything was still hot, and the food was packaged securely enough that none of it spilled.  Things started out very well.  They ended well, too.  The dishes were generously portioned and quite delicious.  I couldn't finish all of my rice and curry, so I had enough left over for breakfast the next morning.  I didn't try any of my brother's dishes, so I can't comment on those, but mine was delicious.The convenience of having food delivered right to the apartment was quite a treat.  I'd definitely order from here again.
4	Very nice.Searched this place on business and was pleasantly pleased.Started with the satay chicken, 4 skewers with plenty of sauce, tasty $8.Followed with the Choo Chee Seafood entree $14, washed down with ice tea $2.Staff were freindly, place was clean.I would go again and recommend it.Total bill inc tax $25.99
5	Love this place!  I went here today for lunch and was pleasantly surprised! Great service and great food!  I ordered the pad thai with a salad.  The pad thai was awesome and the salad dressing was one of the best dressings I've EVER had!  I can't wait to go back!
2	Reviews have the stereotype that only those who have incredible or absolutely horrible experiences will leave a review. I guess I'm in the middle of the road leaving a review having had numerous good experiences at SaBai but one bad one that will likely keep me from returning.I live relatively close and we've ordered takeout from here quite a few times. We were initially impressed with the generous portions (I could make one dish serve as two meals and that says a lot) and the great flavor. They're very quick too! Pad Thai is my go-to dish.  The Mussaman is great too. Over the last 6-12 months, I've become less inclined to frequent SaBai. This is due to dwindling portions (which I was okay with to a point) and some poorly prepped meals: shrimp still cold, irregular levels of spice (I go medium), and had one that seemed like they accidentally dumped some sweet fish sauce in my pad Thai. Well, it came to a head when I picked up dinner earlier this week. I get home and the container for my pad Thai is relatively empty. I'd say it was about 60% of a normal portion. I called SaBai to ask if this portion sounded right (they had been reducing the portions after all) and they agreed it did not. The individual I talked to said he put my name on "the list" and my next Pad Thai would be free. Great! It didn't satiate my hunger for that evening but I definitely felt better about the experience. Fast forward to this evening. My wife decides to pick up dinner coming back from work.  She arrives and explains the situation only to be told by the manager that she was there when I called to question the portion size. (So, she was there when the guy told me that I'd be getting a free meal.) But, that doesn't matter. She said that she packed it and it was a normal portion. (I guess I'm lying then.)  She then suggested that,"Maybe it was a different container (it wasn't) and I just thought it was a smaller portion." My wife rebutted with the fact that the manager just said she packed it herself (supposedly) so shouldn't she know if it was a different container. The manager then goes on to say that the person I spoke to was a delivery boy and had no authority to give me a free meal. (I guess that's my fault.). My wife was tired from her 12-hour shift so she just paid and left. The pad Thai tonight was one of the better ones I've had from there in a while. It just adds to the frustration because I don't see myself going back there.
2	Hate to say it, but average thai food. Ive eaten a lot of thai food all over the country, so maybe a little biased here. I like thai food, I feel like its one level up from chinese, but one level up down from korean. I assume asian food has different levels you have to graduate to.Ordered to go, no silverware. You read that right, no silverware. Got silverware from the hotel. Was a little annoyed that they didnt supply the necessary tools. Lessons learned, will pack silverware when I travel. So Im given an extra star for that inadvertent travel tip.
5	Nice, quiet location (at least while I was there), dim and romantic.  We had an avocado chicken dish over rice - sorry I can't remember the name of it but it was so good.  I also had a thai iced tea which was so refreshing! I had never had one and was instantly a fan!
4	This place is solid. The crazy thing is you forget when you walk in that it used to be a Wendy's. I work nearby and often stop in for a lunch special to-go. The staff is always friendly, have you sit at the bar while you wait and offer the cucumber water while they prepare your food. I am a creature of habit and almost always get the classic (yellow) curry with tofu, but occasionally I'll live dangerously (haha) and get the sweet & sour Thai style (sooo good, the sauce is so tasty and I love that it has cucumbers in it) or the spicy noodle. They get your food out quickly and, more importantly, it always tastes awesome. Love this place!
5	Delicious food. I tried the sweet curry and it was perfect. The peanut sauce was so delicious! Food is high quality and you have the option of different spiciness levels so you always get it made just the way you like it! Boyfriend had the beef pad thai and it was also scrumptious! Service was also top notch. My favorite Thai food restaurant thus far.
3	I am still searching for the perfect Thai meal so met up with a buddy for lunch at this place.  The place is neutrally decorated and was fairly empty as it was Labor Day.  We both ordered our favorites: pad thai and yellow curry.  This place runs a lunch special with rice, salad, and won tons.The food was OK, nothing exciting but definitely Americanized.  I wish them well and think they have the potential to do a brisk lunch business due to their location and pricing.  As for me, I'm continuing my search.
5	This place is great! Great tasting food. Spicy fried noodles with chicken is fantastic! Try the cucumber ginger martini.
4	Sai Bai never disappoints. I wish the size of the thai tea was larger, or they were cheaper.. because I accidently drink the entire thing beforw my food even comes. No self control! But please order thisAs for food, I always go here for Lunch and their Lunch menu is reasonably priced and you get a big portion as well, so get ready for leftovers.I love the classic pad thai, and any of their curries are amazing.
5	Excellent Thai food! Everything I've had there is delicious. A word of warning, sometimes medium spice is on the spicy side. Otherwise great!
4	Was pleasantly surprised with how good my Pad Thai was. Flavor was good, a little sweet a little spicy. Noodles were cooked perfectly and I got a really good amount for the money. I will be going back.
2	I actually want to leave a one star review, but my bf is insisting his food wasn't "that bad". He ordered one of the curry dishes and it was just okay, but my pad Thai was straight up disgusting. It literally shouldn't be called pad Thai, I don't even know what it was. The grizzle part of chicken meat, super oily mushy wide noodles, frozen carrots and broccoli...nasty. Never again.
5	This is the real deal, Thai owned and cooked.  Food is amazing and Aroi, and the staff is friendly and authentic as it gets. Only Thai restaurant we visit these days. Better try before there's. Waiting list !
3	Good is good but the portions are small for the price. They need to decrease their prices or add more food.
5	We are thai food snobs and this place is awesome. They have great choices for veggie and meat heads like us and excellent hospitable service. Presentation of dishes is beautiful and artful.
4	I wasn't really a big fan of the pad thai here at first; however, couple visits ago, I went here, I guess my taste buds and the pad thai created a little bond. First off, the food:Pad Thai (chicken) -- it is a bit too saucy and sour, in my opinion. It is not bad though. The lunch portion is just right. It also comes with a side soup or salad. I had the salad and it was a basic one. It comes with a peanut sauce.Summer Roll (all veggie wrap) -- two big veggie rolls 2 types of sauces: a sweet and sour, and a peanut one. I love the peanut sauce. I always get two of those one per roll. :) I also tried the summer roll with chicken; that was really good, too. I ordered this one by itself and I am already stuffed. So if you want to have the summer rolls, make sure you share with someone else or else you won't be able to eat anything else. Last time I checked in, I had the thai iced tea (I know it is bad; but it is so GOOD!) along with two glasses of the water that is infused with a cucumber slice (makes it extra refreshing) and the Summer Roll with Chicken. Let me tell ya, I didn't wanna move and wanted to go home. One of last times I was here (I guess I am here a lot), I had the house fried rice. It has chicken and shrimp in it, which is a big YUM! It also has cashews in it. I thought it was weird but it gave the soft rice an extra something. Not bad at all. Secondly, the service:Dee and May (hehe, she has the same name as me) are super nice and I've been sitting at the bar more often. Dee told me this is a family owned restaurant and her niece works there. They all speak Thai and it seems like a really cool language. Food: 4.7Service wise, my rate is a 5!
1	We ordered delivery, it took almost an hour to get our food. And the food is cold, and dry. Disappointed!
5	Excellent place to eat,.nice presentation, .excellent taste, and they actually give you a nice portion, .service is friendly,  and nice ambiance,  finally found a thai restraunt to go to!! Well worth your time and money!!
3	I've had A LOT of Thai food in my day and this was my least favorite; ever. I found something that was suppose to be "similar" to a drunken noodle but I would probably only eat it drunk.I think the dish was pad suiw so? The fat rice noodles were dry and hard, not fresh. There was so much sauce it made everything way too salty. The reason I love Thai for so much is because the veggies are always so lightly cooked, fresh, and crunchy but these carrots and broccoli were soggy. I was also confused as to why they feel a need to throw a scrambled egg into nearly every dish?!I only did a take out order and the service didn't seem to bad. Although, the other server was stanging in the middle of the kitchen, eating soup, I didn't see her was her hands after. I know this because there is a mirror that you can view the kitchen, so maybe eat where people can't see?
4	Living in San Francisco, I'm spoiled by plenty of good Thai restaurants from which to choose. SaBai lived up the standard, with very flavorful pad prik king and their unusually delicious avocado curry. Don't be fooled by the fact that they have a drive-up window for phone order pickups (maybe that just shows how popular they are, and it's a plus that people are constantly coming and going through the door for takeaway). The atmosphere is nice inside, the staff extremely friendly and efficient, plus it's smart that they offer diners a full bar. I can't wait to go back on my next visit to Phoenix.
1	Really bad. One star is generous for the food, which is the grossest and worst "Thai" food I've ever had. Our waitress disappeared and we didn't want to attempt to explain to the busser who barely spoke English that Thai curry shouldn't have the consistency of grandma's gravy. It was thickened, I guess with corn starch, and the curry sauce jiggled like jello. So, so gross. Do yourself a favor and don't go here.
2	Definitely won't be back. Prices are ridiculous for the quality. Not to mention the service ( I'm in the industry). The pumpkin curry entree was $18 and mediocre at best.
4	Started with the YumTom soup on Cristmas eve, totally YUM.  Specials for the evening were Bankok Ribs, very ample delicious ribs, fried rice and well sauced veggies, very good.  Other special was Crispy Fish with steamed veggies veggies very good, fish was moderately good.
