4	Yay!!! A new calorie filled bakery has opened.....It's a small place but still filled with a good variety of yummy goodies to choose from. Right when we walked in a lady emerged who was very nice and gave my sister and I a free cake truffle. Our sample wasn't like those places that chop one cookie up into 30 pieces for you to try, this was a good sized cake truffle. I picked lemon and my sister picked red velvet- I thought both were very good, infact I bought 2 more to take home. Other goodies bought:: * Cream puff - Good price, good size, good creamy taste. *Large thumbprint cookies (Chocolate & Raspberry) - Buttery melt in your mouth cookie with raspberry jam and dark chocolate cream. *Strawberry cupcake - The least favorite of mine, it did have fresh strawberries baked into white cake(I love when real fruits are used) but the cake was dry and the  frosting was a tad bit too sweet.I really like the cake truffles,cream puff and cookies....I'll have to try another cupcake flavor the next time. Somebody walked in asking if they sold bread and they lady said , NO. So this is solely a cake/sweets bakery. I will be back......
4	This little bakery recently opened just south of the 215 on Rainbow. I stopped in wanting a little pick-me-up. So, what better way to do that then to fill your system with sugar? The shop is on the small side, but still had a cute, inviting feel to it. Their display cases were filled with delicious looking items and after a while I made my choices:Cream puff - a large flaky pastry filled with tons of cream. It's sweetness wasn't overpowering and it was perfect for satisfying my sweet tooth without over-dosing it.Cannoli - they have two sizes. I went with the small, which they fill when you order to keep it as fresh as possible. The pastry shell was light, crispy and delicate and the filling was equally as good.Chocolate chip cookies - this was the low-point of the experience. The two cookies I got were small and crumbly, although they had a decent amount of chocolate in them. I prefer my cookies moist enough to almost be considered being undercooked. Maybe that's why I'm a fan of Mrs. Fields. Their cookies have a slight crispy edge and a sweet, moist interior. The cookies at this bakery had non of that.I'll probably be back to try their other baked goods -- they even had some cupcakes. I asked if they would ever have macarons and one of the owners said she may look into making some test batches and possibly selling them in the future. If they turn out as well as the cream puffs or cannoli's, I'll gladly give them a shot.3.5 Stars
5	Wonderful pastries! You won't be disappointed!
5	I had a cream puff that was so good my mouth had never indulged in   something so good. Also they have mini truffle versions of my favorite cake Tres Leches and the flavor blew my face off. This place is mind blowing and I'll always come here for my treats.
5	Best cream puffs. Ever!
4	Having a craving for some sweet treats, I decided to check out this new bakery in town. The place is small, but very clean and the employee who helped me was very patient and friendly! I purchased:Cannoli (small)- not the best Cannoli I have eaten, but it wasn't too bad. The shell was light and crispy. I couldn't tell what the filling tasted like. I was hoping it would be vanilla custard, but it seemed like something else with a hint of cinnamon? The cool thing is that they fill up the Cannoli when you order!Cream Puff - I have to agree with everyone else here, this was very good! Light, creamy, and perfect for dessert after my meal. Lemon Cake Truffle - loved this bite sized cake bite! Nicely decorated, and the lemon coating was not too overpowering. I wish I bought other flavors to try out because they were delicious!Tres Leches (mini) - I think I have only had Tres Leches twice in my life, and from what I remember, it was very sweet. This one was perfect, not overly sweet or soggy!Vanilla Cupcake with Mocha frosting - the cake was moist, but I think they went a little overboard with the frosting. They don't have a huge selection, but still a good enough amount of pastries and desserts to choose from. My only suggestion is that they should probably put up more signs indicating the different flavors of some of their items. The woman who was helping me had to name all the flavors available on display when I ordered the Cake Truffle and Cupcake. I love how everything so far has not been overly sweet! I will definitely be back to try more of their goodies!
3	3.5 starSo sad, it was so hot that our cream puffs melted and became soggy! That's partly our fault. So I couldn't really taste if it's good or not, but judging from whatever was still edible it was okay. It was kind of hard to find, but make sure you find the number on the plaza signs. I'll give. it a shot again once I'm in town.
5	Red velvet, it's been fun, but I think we should start seeing other people. I have a new favorite cake and her name is tres leches. She's perfectly sweet and moist. It was love at first bite. Last night, I had an aching sweet tooth that forced me to develop an attack plan to conquer it for the time being. I decided that I would pay the Drago Sisters Bakery a visit to try tres leches. This was my first encounter with tres leches so I had nothing else to compare it to, but I can't imagine it getting much better. When we showed up, the owner said she was all out. Nooooo!! Then she checked in the back and found one last one which she iced on the spot. We got our tres leches and a creme puff and were happily on our way. The creme puff is 15% puff and 85% creme. My kind of ratio! It had a very slight taste of coffee to make it less sweet, and even though I don't like coffee, it was still delicious. The tres leches here is the star. I could see the liquid of the three milks pushing out as my fork ran through it. It was so moist that it shattered and melted in my mouth to coat every taste bud in three sweet, yummy milks. My only problem now is to convince my husband that we should spend every expendable cent on tres leches from Drago Sisters.
5	The Tres Leche is amazing and the staff is very friendly.
3	After picking up lunch at Eddie D's, I noticed Drago Sisters Bakery in the same plaza and decided to treat myself to a cupcake. Also picked up a cream puff and a piece of tres leches cake for a friend. Total damage, just under $6.... For Vegas, land of the $5 cupcake, this was not too pricey at all! The lemon cupcake I had was excellent. Not too sweet, moist, and just enough frosting. My friend loved the tres leches cake but did not care for the cream puff at all. Overall not a bad place to get some sugary sweet treats, especially if you are in the area. There are bakeries with larger selections in town though that I personally prefer...
5	Cake truffles. CAKE TRUFFLES!! Dude. Red velvet cake truffle. Chocolate chip cake truffle. Coconut cake truffle. You get the idea. They're like $1.50 each, impossibly moist, cutely decorated, enrobed in a glazy frosting, and sooo addictive. The only way they can get any better is if they started making a gluten-free variety. I'd start buying them weekly by the dozen. *** Dear Drago Sisters. Please... gluten free?? Pretty please? ***PS - the cream puffs are a knock out, too, but its all about the c.t's...
5	Drago Sisters Bakery is a MUST for anyone looking for amazing bakery items, I was a frequent customer at one of the "high-end" french bakeries on the strip that has since closed, one of my favorite items was their huge home made chocolate eclairs filled with a rich creamy custard, I gave one a try at Drago Sisters just hoping for a decent replacement and boy did I get a surprise!! I was in HEAVEN!! not only was it as good, it was BETTER!! very impressed.......professional staff, beautifully done, exquisite pastries and centrally located for all, don't take my word for it, go and see for yourself! You wont be disappointed, that I can promise.
4	I am firmly team cake but...lately...haven't really been feeling it.  Every cupcake I tried in town turned out to be a disappointment and dry, dry, dry (I'm looking at you, Cupcakery).  I was seriously ready to move over to team pie (which, technically, includes cheesecake).However, Drago Sisters' cupcakes may temporarily make me rethink this move.  I tried some verrry tasty red velvet and carrot cake cupcakes that were some of the best I've tried in awhile. Moist (and I hate that word!) and delicious, with a healthy dose of not-too-sweet frosting.  For some, their ratio of frosting to cake may be too high, but I enjoyed it.  Also, be forewarned that the carrot cake includes raisins (bleck).I'm itching to try their tres leches cake and red velvet cheesecake.  Two cupcakes will set you back roughly $6.00.Also, A+ for quick, friendly service
4	Yeah, the tres leche cake.I was having a bad day at work and decided I needed pastry. The  Drago Sister's bakery had been calling to me ever since I had read about them on Yelp. They did not disappoint. The shoppe is a cute little place off of 215 and S Rainbow. Good thing the cashier was helping another lady, cause I probably perused the display case for a good 5-10 minutes before deciding what I wanted. Everything looked so good! The lady gave me a sample of the tres leche cake and I had a mini mouth meltdown. After beef, dairy my next favorite food, lol. I could eat that cake everyday! I had to get two of those, since you know, I didn't really want to share with my boyfriend. But I was nice and I got him a chocolate orange cake truffle, I scored a vanilla one for myself. I picked up a duo of cream puffs and cream horns for my office.The cream horns were Very Sweet. I am used to whipped cream filling. She told me their's were a bit different in that they used cream cheese frosting. A little too sweet for me. The vanilla cake truffle was good, also a little too sweet. However, the winner in that category was the chocolate orange. It was almost like a nice fudgy brownie. Both of them were very cutely decorated and would be an excellent substitution for petit fours.I went back a few days later with my mother and got more of the tres leche cake. I was a cravin' it something badly. Creamy and moist with a soft rich texture that glides over the tongue. I was making "mm, mm" noises alone in my kitchen eating it. Also was able to eat a cream puff (the office demolished thoseon the first run) and my ruling is that those are a must buy. The choux pastry was nice and light and the whipped cream heavenly. Sampled a butter cookie with jam while I was in store. Will be buying those in the future for afternoon tea.
5	This gem is tucked away in a shopping center right off the 215 and S. Rainbow. If I wasn't looking for it, I would have missed it. What brought me in today was all the rave reviews about the tres leches. I had to try it! I was greeted by one of the sisters and she asked if I was looking for anything specific. I told her why I had stopped in and she kindly handed me a full sample (yup, not a piece or a sliver, but an entire mini tres leches). She even gave me an option of one with or without chocolate chips, but I opted for the one without. Oh my goodness... yes, O.M.G.! It was perfection! Not too sweet and it just melted in my mouth. I had to take two to go!I, also, purchased one of their cream puffs and a red velvet cake truffle. I was forewarned that the truffle was super sweet, but with my sweet tooth... nothing is ever too sweet.Everything I got today was amazing and I only paid $7.50. I will, surely, be back for more! I'll need more tres leches! Besides that, they also offer tiramisu cups, cupcakes, brownies, and cookies. They have a selection of cake truffles and I'd like to try the pumpkin and/or coconut the next time I'm there. And if you're ever in need of a cake, they create customer cakes, as well.Thank you, Drago Sisters, for a great first experience! I'll be seeing you soon!
5	I was craving sweets one evening, so I went on yelp & I read the reviews about the tres leches cupcake at this bakery, I wanted to try it out for myself. I called the bakery a little after 7pm to see what time they closed. The lady on the phone said that they closed at 7pm but was willing to wait for me. When I got there, it was a nice, cute, small bakery filled w/ the most delicious looking pastries I've ever laid my eyes on. I really don't know how I had the will power not to order 1 of everything on the display. Everything looked so tempting.The lady at the counter let my family & I try some samples. She was very friendly, gave a good description about her items on display & informative. A+++ service here. I ended up getting the  mini tres leches cupcake, mini tiramisu, cream puff & red velvet cupcake. I enjoyed everything! Especially the mini tres leches cupcakes. I think it's neat that they have mini cupcakes mini tiramisu available for $.99 The prices here are great.
2	I had been dying to try this place for a while and was so sad when they let me down. First off, we walked in and could see straight back into the workroom and it was filthy. The woman who came out to help was covered in stuff and I wondered about the sanitation practices. The sample cases were empty but we were offered a tres leches cake that was very delicious. We were trying to decide what to get and I asked what was the filling in the cream puffs. The woman was very condescending and said that it was cream. Clearly. I asked if it was pastry cream or whipped cream and she said that it was flavored whipped cream. I am a pastry chef and this makes me mad. I feel like its cheating. Who wants to pay good money for something filled with cheap whipped cream thats been flavored with vanilla extract? Cream puffs should be filled with pastry cream and whipped cream. We ended up leaving with a cannoli and pumpkin cheesecake. The cannoli was delicious but had a little too much cinnamon in the filling. The cheesecake was ok. I've had better but it definitely wasnt bad. Overall, I'll probably never go back there again.
5	Finishing lunch, I saw a sign with a girl on a cake nearby and mistook it for a bakery. Luckily for me, my sister corrected me and told me it was a place for women's hair removal. That would have been embarrassing to walk. Luckily for us, Drago Sisters are just down the street and could satisfy my sweet tooth. They have a large variety of different styles of baked goods which were gorgeous. We either picked well on our four items or everything is just good. Drago Sisters has a huge selection of petit four sized cake bite which were moist and bursting with flavors. The gingerbread and pumpkin were dense, chewy, and packed with holiday goodness. It is smart how they offer regular and mini sized options. Before I could even scope out the entire case, my sister already pointed out that I need not look any further than the mini tres leches cake. Soaked cakes are where it's at and just the right size. The mini eclairs are phenomenal as well. The light shell, decadent custard filling, and dark chocolate dip makes me wonder why I have shied away from this dessert for so long. Oh yes, I remember now, nowhere makes it as good as they do. I asked for forks in case Diana S. and I got the craving to snack on our way home, but we devoured everything before leaving the packing lot. In the end, I did the walk of shame to the trashcan to discard of the evidence. Two young ladies saw me and gave me that knowing smile. I responded with a "It just wasn't that good" as I pointed to the two empty to go boxes.
5	When my brother is in a less-than-stellar mood, I know few things to cheer him up: Korean food and tackling long-awaited Yelp bookmarks. After he mistook a sign of a girl on a cake for baked goods, I suggested we hit up Drago Sisters after a Soyo lunch.I can't say that the Drago Sisters Bakery visit was a selfless one - I had been meaning to try them for months. When we walked in, I witnessed David S. go from a calm man to jumping in between the two displays - naming everything in sight as a suggestion for purchase. No way honey, my waistline does not work that way. We ultimately ended up with two petit-fours (Gingerbread and Pumpkin), an eclair, and a mini tres leches cake. My brother and I have no patience, nor do we pretend to - evident as he asked for two forks so we may attack these sugary treats in the parking lot. The petit-fours were absolutely delicious and flavorful. Moist, dense, and packed with spice, these two made fondant enticing for a girl with an aversion towards it. The tres leches cake was fluffy yet moist - brimming with flavor in each bite. Then there's the eclair. Oh god, dark chocolate atop and the subtle, decadent custard filling made it to die for.Five minutes later, we had finished all four desserts. Yet, we were still puzzled as to which one was the best. When you pick a spectrum of desserts, one always fails to meet the standard of the others. Oh, they don't play that game at Drago Sisters. It seems as though they prefer to sabotage your waistline by making everything incredibly heavenly.
5	Who puts a dentist office next to a bakery? Someone very very SMART.  After our extensive consultation we decided to treat ourselves to something delicious from the bakery next door.  We walked in and were immediately greeted by a very sweet smiling face. Small compact store with a nice variety of sweets in the showcase.  We were offered a sample of their Cuban styled Tres Leches cake. My son, who eats NOTHING chocolate, was giddy with delight.  Apprehensive because I've been so disappointed with the all the Red Velvet (this doesn't include the Valentines Cocktail from the Palazzo which is yummo) cake i've had here in Vegas, I took the 6 pack of cake truffles - 4 gingerbread because 'Tis the season & 2 Red Velvet.  It was like my mouth had an orgasm.  The gingerbread was moist & gingery without being overwhelming. BUT the Red Velvet? Just like I remembered from my childhood church potlucks in the south.  Rich, moist & creamy.  Literally the BEST Red Velvet cake I've had in 10 years.  Luckily in the space of 5 days, we had 3 more trips to the same dentist, 1 of which could have been handled over the phone but why when the Drago Sisters were calling my name.  Cake Truffles:  ***** 5 star winnerCuban Style Tres Leches: ***** 5 Star WinnerMini Cream Horns:  **** 4 star winners (only reason not 5 is that the horn was flakier than I like. I prefer a "hard horn") Cupcakes:  ****.5 4.5 stars.  Cookie Dough bites:  I'm not going to rate this one because I'm not a big fan of anyone's cookie dough but did try it.  Those who are great fans will probably love it.Cream Puffs:  **** 4 stars for the same reason as the cream horns. and 10+ stars for the friendly service.  This place is tucked in an upscale strip mall but so worth the trip. We are actually escorting someone to the dentist just so we can go to the Drago Sisters and not feel guilty about going.
5	Stopped in to buy a cake for Christmas. They had a tiramsu cake. It looked fantastic. It was a huge hit at our christmas eve dinner. Everyone loved it. The cake was so fresh.  I will go here for all bakery needs.
5	OMG. The cake truffles. My friend works at Massage Envy right by the bakery and they were brought samples when the bakery opened... My store was brought samples too and they were GONE. So sad. Every flavor I've had is amazing. Friendly people, good food, great place.
5	Yummy treats!!!  They also made me the best looking cake for my sons birthday all of super Mario bros. it was amazing the look and taste!! Will be going again for more goodies!!!! Ps best chocolate covered strawberries ever!!!
3	Finally!I've passed by the shopping center that houses this bakery many a time, but have never actually made a stop inside. I finally did so the other morning after brunch at the nearby bagel shop.It's too bad I was too full from my bagels to have the eye appetite to go home with more goodies than I did. But then again, maybe it was a good thing, because everything looked so delicious I could've easily taken home one of everything.What I did try:-Tres leches cake: we were readily offered a sample of the tres leches cake.  I chose one with chocolate chips. Like the helpful lady said, "Everything is better with chocolate chips." I concur, Miss.  I concur.I enjoyed the chocolate chips. It helped add some texture to the cake, which was soaked in (what else?) leche.  And it was soaked in a GOOD way.  I enjoyed the flavors and it wasn't overtly sweet. This was my favorite of the batch.-Chocolate cake with white chocolate/raspberry mousse: the entire chocolate cake is covered in ganache and the middle of the cake is hollowed out to make room for the mousse. The flavors were decent, but the cake wasn't my favorite.The prices are reasonable. And I can't wait to go back and try more, like the cookies (especially the ones with the fruit jam in the middle) and more tres leches.
5	Great little shop, off 215, love the special touch they put in their work. Their cream cheese frosting is the best...get it on anything, you will be happy. A real treat for the Vegas community.
5	Made My Sons Birthday!!!My sons nickname is "PANTS" so what better cake to get than a cake that looks like a pair of pants????Have to say they NAILED it! Have had their cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, cannolis, man.. everything has been great!Uploaded a picture to their gallery of the cake!!!!
5	I love their tres leches cake!  After a disappointing experience at another bakery earlier in the day (I went there this past Monday), I looked to my yelp app for advice on where I could find a last minute cake for my mom's birthday.  Based on the overall reviews, I decided to stop in.  Thankfully they had a single cake available.  The woman behind the counter was so helpful and sweet.  She let me sample the tres leches before I purchased the whole cake.  It just melts in your mouth!  She took the cake in the back to personalize it and add chocolate chips.  Between the great customer service and delicious products, I know I'll be utilizing them for all of my future pastry needs!!
5	The tres leches cake gets 5 stars alone.I thought of this place when I had to buy some "thank you" treats for a medical office. Since I did not plan ahead, I had to settle for the biggest sized tres leches cake they have available daily: the 8 inch round. To help make up for it, I also grabbed some cake truffles.Everyone enjoyed the goodies, especially the tres leches. Almost everyone in the office asked me for the name of the bakery so they could order it for upcoming events.I really enjoy their tres leches. I hope you can stop in and enjoy it too.
5	This place gets a 5 star on their customer service. I was only in the shop for a few minutes total, but my bf was next door getting a message, so I decided why not get some hopefully yummy desserts?? And YES the Tres Leches I had was pretty darn good! The lady behind the counter was great. She was in the back working on what looked like a large order to get done. Only after me being in the store for seconds, she stepped away from what she was doing to come greet me and ask what I was in for. I loved that they had mini selections, because I was not in the mood for something too big, so the small portions were right up my alley. I asked what exactly the tres leches was and she explained it, and offered me a free sample of it. As KIND as that was I knew I wanted it, so I said no thank you, I will just purchase it. My bf is a small business owner as well, so I understand the importance of every sale. This was super inexpensive as well, my total ending up being under $2. I was very pleased and will be back to this bakery when I am in a quick need of a little sugar fix.
5	I was so impressed with this business, I had to write my first Yelp review.After reading a number of positive Yelp reviews, I ordered a custom graduation cake at the last minute. Not only was the cake ready in time, it was gorgeous, and it tasted delicious. I am incredibly  impressed with the workmanship and professionalism at Drago Sisters Bakery.  I cannot say enough about this business. If you are looking for an amazing custom cake, this is the place to start. As a side note, I do not generally like red velvet cakes. Theirs was the best I have had.
5	This is my first review ever on Yelp. but I had such an amazing experience that I wanted to share and give them the credit they deserve. I ordered a very last minute bachelorette party cake and when I picked it up I was so impressed. It looked fantastic and was the hit of the party. Even better was how it tasted. It was a marble cake and was so yummy!!!  This is now our go to bakery!!!!
3	I would love to give these ladies a higher review because the experience started off so well with a great tasting, but our wedding cake never made it (whole) to our wedding.  I received a call at 5:30 while in hair and makeup that my wedding cake didn't make it to the event.  I was very disappointed because we picked us a beautiful tasty cake.  They did make us a sheet cake for the brunch the next day, which was yummy. I just wish if they had knew sooner that the cake wouldn't make it they would have called me.  :(
5	I was hosting some friends for a Mexican themed dinner and realized I had no dessert! I quickly yelped "dessert" in my area and this bakery was the first listing. It is less than 2 miles from my house and the reviews highlighted tres leches, which was perfect for my theme! I popped in at about 5 and although they were out of the big tres leches cakes, they had two smaller sized ones (smaller size = enough for 1-2 people)  that I picked up along with a tiramisu cup and a cream puff. All of this for under $20! Nice! :) Once dinner was over, I took these babies out of the fridge and my friends all did this: O_O. Saying the tres leches cake was a hit would be the understatement of the year. Although there were only four of us, I'd be willing to say that if I had bought the actual standard sized cake version, it probably wouldn't have stood a chance. It was delicious, moist, flavorful, rich, sweet, and perfect. It was all you'd ever want in a tres leches cake. The cream puff and the tiramisu were standard for these desserts - no worse or better than most others I have had. But, WOW, that tres leches was special. Also, they have a wide variety of cupcakes and these little ball cake things that look amazing and truffles and such. I will be back to do more sampling ASAP!
1	I was very disappointed on how dry their cake was. The one thing that was done correctly was the fondant on the outside of the cake. The cake was so dried you can visabley tell before taking a bite into the cake. Not sure how old they let their cake sit there before delivering their cake, but we called a month in advance to make sure the cake would be done correctly. If you need a cake for presentation only, then order here. If you need a cake to at least taste somewhat decent, then order else where. The cake was cut into 2 hours after it was delivered, so it was not sitting out for every long. Their cake was drier then my grandmother's skin.
5	I know its crazy but it was my first time to Drago Sisters Bakery and I was looking for some sort of cupcake for my friend's birthday. I never had their cakes but their truffle cakes caught my eye. All I have to say is that they were an instant hit with me and my friends. Yum!
5	We have had Drago Sisters create a series of cakes for our family, including: baby shower, wedding shower, and now 1st Birthday. They have always been terrific, both in taste and design. The 1st Birthday cake could not have been better. It was a two tier, multi-flavor design for our boy's monster-themed party, executed to a T. My wife and I would recommend DS to anyone from a casual dinner dessert spread to the most formal of custom cakes. Their cannolis, pastries, cupcake, oh jeez; everything is both delicious and unbelievably beautiful. Whether you are in a pinch or intricately designing a theme party, this is the bakery of choice in Las Vegas.
1	First yelp review due to the poor customer service I received here.  Ordered the cake for a bachelorette party.  Cake was dry and inedible.  No one could eat it because it completely crumbled upon cutting.  I am a baker myself and this is unacceptable.  Called to speak to owner and owner accepted no responsibility.  I was appalled by the poor service I received.  If you want a pretty cake, order here; if you want a delicious, moist cake, go elsewhere.
2	The BF and I are rarely in the area and I had to make sure we try to hit up points of interests, with this place at the top of the list. We got some butter cookies and snickerdoodles which were pretty good, but standard as far as cookies go.We also got half a dozen cake truffles and these were pretty to look at with cute flowers and leaves on them, but that was about it. The icing was thick, too sweet and fell off the cake when you bite. I took off the icing entirely off the pieces I got and some cake are too sticky and wet. I left 3 untouched and put it to the trash. Now I see Shari S. review and I wish I saw it earlier and avoided these all together or wish I only got one and tried something else.I'm not understanding the hype or I ordered things that were average and then  their worst desserts. They should maybe reformulate the recipe of or scratch it out all together. So far, first impression was really disappointing.
4	Their Dulce de leches is delish because of how milky and Luscious the dessert tasted.  I also had the cake pops but I think I'm not a cake pop person so it was ok I guess.I looked through their cake book and if my friend's children ever make it here, I would buy the angry birds cake for them. It is so cool because it has the birds, pigs in their little game. I will be back.. Who's birthday is coming up?! :)
5	DELISH! I was dying to try this place and I finally made it! I went on a weekday fairly early morning and there was just me, my baby and a fridge full of yummy sweets. I asked the lady what did she recommend besides the tres leche cups and she said the dessert cups. I decided on the pumpkin one as it is the season. With my tres leche cups, a cream horn and dessert cup I was on my way out after spending 8 bucks. I got home and everything was so delicious. The pumpkin pie dessert cup wasn't too sweet and it had the right amount of graham crust inside and the tres leches was yummy moist goodness. The cream horn was good, but not my favorite. I will def be back!
5	LOVE this place!!! Amazing treats and they go above and beyond to make people happy. I'm a tiramisu snob and this place is worthy. I'd never had a Tres leches, but WOW I don't think I could handle it if there is one any better than this!  Well done.
5	My niece decided to get married during the Rock and Roll Marathon, since they were running it anyway.  Before you knew it 30+ friends and relatives decided to go along.  They were just going to order a Costco sheet cake, but the brides 2 aunts said NO and we set out to find a good bakery in Las Vegas to order a wedding cake long distance.  I scoured Yelp and then sent about 10 emails out inquiring about cost etc, and based on those emails and the Yelp reviews we selected Drago Sisters Bakery, and boy are we glad we did.  Doreen went above and beyond, helping when we had to reschedule the pick up time, because of the road closures for the marathon.  And the cake how do we describe the cake.  It looks just like the picture, and everyone is raving about how beautiful it is and how WONDERFUL it tastes!!!!!!Thanks Drago Sisters!!!
5	Best Tres Leches cake I have ever eaten in my life.  I've had it in the cake form, AND they even have it in cup cake form.  So good.
5	I wanted to get a tiramisu cake for a birthday and did some research. I found this bakery and it's reviews. I wasn't disappointed. They were friendly and it was a perfect transaction. It was the day before Christmas and while they couldn't create a custom cake, they did offer to put words on the tiramisu cake for me. They really wanted to help. First class all the way.
5	I gave 5 stars for the TRES LECHES CAKE. By far, the BEST I've ever had.
5	I'm a foodie from Cali.. Now I live in Las Vegas.. Have not been really impressed with bakeries..but my prayers been answered! Drago Sister Bakery is the bomb.. I especially love there cheesecake and eclairs..and look forward to trying others.. But those are staples!
5	2 words. "TRES LECHES"OMG. i LOVE this bakery!  I was recommended to this place by a really good friend.  She usually goes in for the croissants... Went in there for her recommendations.. but got a little bit more variety of things to take home.  I ended up getting the Macarons, Almond Butter Cookie, Croissant, Cannoli, and of course, their tres leches.  they were all AMAZING!!!! i loved each and everything i tried there... and thats hard to come by!  My favorite of all was their tres leches! They have little tres leches cups to go... and also the big cakes to take home.  On top of their great pastries, they are all so nice there!  One lady even went to the back to get me a fresh croissant to take rather than the one sitting out...  So glad this is near my place :)
4	I love the tres leche, salted carmel and white chocolate cupcake and the pecan pie. Yummy! If you need a sugar fix, head right on over you will not be disappointed. They are also really nice at the counter at least everyone I've spoken to the times I have gone in.
5	I don't know why but the name "Drago Sisters" conjures up unfriendliness for me. Maybe I was beat up in Kindergarten by a Drago sister. Anyways, the place itself is extremely friendly and full of delights.Not the biggest shop but it was loaded with baked treats (unlike numerous other bakeries who only put out sweets on Saturday). When my young son and I were having a disagreement over what cookie for him to get (he was going for a more mature style cookie) the Drago sister (really) in charge gave us one. Great customer service. I loved it and deduced it wasn't the best choice for a sugar chomping four year old and we went with some of the other amazing cookies.Had a little cheesecake (a whole cheesecake: just smaller than usual) and it was impeccably balanced and decadent.Toward the end we talked about specialty cakes and I was told the Tres Leches was their signature cake. I don't like Tres Leches. But I got one (cupcake) and I have to admit it was one of the best cakes I'd ever had. Really. Highly recommended.
5	Ordered a cake for a friend's shower the day before the event! I must admit I was nervous bout the design as I've never ordered from them before. That being said I opted for a safe design and I didn't even want any writing on the cake as I hate it when people write on cakes & have horrible handwriting. They were very accommodating. I didn't expect much from the cake as it was very last minute. I just hoped it wasn't bad looking. I must say they exceeded my expectations, not only with the design but also the taste & quality of the cake! It was very moist & delicious! Even the writing was awesome! I'm impressed. Thank you, Drago Sisters! My new go-to cake place from now own! :)
5	I found the service to be exceptional, both in person and on the phone. There was a large selection of baked goods to choose from. I had the tres leches, chocolate eclair, and banana creme pie. All were very good, but I am not a fan of the hard pie crust, so the others were my favorites. Excellent baked goods!
5	It took me driving by for several months and finally being in a panic for a birthday cake for my Mom for me to finally drop in and I am so glad that I did!!!!  We needed a cake within 3 hours and they were so helpful.  They keep Tres Leches cakes on hand for emergencies - and they did a fruit topping with a banner saying Happy Birthday.  The cake was beautiful and delicious and priced VERY reasonably.  I can't say enough about them.  This is our special occassion cake mainstay now!
5	I get all my kids birthday cakes here.  They turn out SOOOOO adorable.  But the best part is they taste AMAZING.  They have even pulled through for me last minute when I have forgotten to order one.  Thumbs up!
4	Looking back, I think it was a sin that I've lived down the street (fully within walking distance) from Drago Sisters Bakery and have never sampled their decadent desserts until last week! I could blame my lack of a sweet tooth but as of late, all I want to eat is sugar and desserts. And chocolate. Lots and lots of chocolate!After juggling the 24/7 schedule I call my life, I decided--no--NEEDED to reward myself with something I would probably regret at my next yoga class. And by something I mean a red velvet cookie, a large cannoli, a cream cheese brownie and because I was already passed a reasonable calorie limit--what the heck--I threw in a cream puff as well.If it was creamy it was smooth and delicious. If it was chocolatey, it was rich and decadent. The only thing I didn't like was that red velvet cookie. I loved (and would go back for) everything else but that cookie was flavorless and tasted of pure sugar. Little depth, plain old refined sugar reminiscent to a box of Wal-mart cookies you buy on sale after Valentines Day. I'll consider the cookie an acceptable outlier considering how wonderful everything else was. It was also a plus that nothing else was overladen with sweetness other than that cookie.The place is quite small and is a grab-and-go setup. Do not expect any chairs to enjoy your sweets in. Despite being a small operation and family-owned, I was pleasantly surprised that they don't have a CC minimum. Yes!And for the record, I did not consume all of that in one sitting and I somehow managed to share it with my roomie--despite my mind telling me otherwise. #fatkid
5	Thank you Drago Bakery Sisters for the delicious and greatly decorated Baptism 4 Leches Cake for my son and family.
4	I definitely need to explore the selection more - but from what I can tell, there are yummy things here.First off - like Yuhi said, this is a walk in, walk out type of deal. It is tiny, so take your pastries elsewhere!I tried a cookies and cream cheesecake (which, as you might expect, was awesome), cake pops/truffles (which were too dense I thought, if that's even possible), tres leches mini cakes (yes, with a side of yes), and a cookie I cannot remember the name of that is basically hardened caramel with chocolate in the middle (do I need to say any more?).The cakes looked delicious, and I really liked that it had that small, family owned feel. I definitely support this and I'm happy it's at a central location on 215 and Rainbow. I'll be back to get my fill and hopefully get new favorites!
3	I got the Reese's Cupcake from here. I didn't like it. The cake was dry and the frosting was too over-powered with peanut butter, I took one bite and couldn't breathe. Good thing my friend knows CPR.But no really, they need to either not keep stuff on the shelf too long or just find a better way to preserve their cupcakes cause that shit wasn't the business.I gave it 3 stars cause I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt that I just got bad luck. My friend got the marble cupcake and she enjoyed it, so sucks to be me I guess.
4	Whoot, this place has some very interesting flavors, such as White Chocolate. I really wanted to try that one, but they were all out :( so I ended up with the cool looking Marble cupcake. The cake was super moist and light- a mix of chocolate and vanilla, and the frosting was piled high and thick! But not overly sweet at all- which was very surprising since most places have extremely sugary frosting. Not this one! I really enjoyed my cupcake- but my friend didn't like hers. It was dry and far too much peanut butter had been put into (she got the Reeses cupcake) that she felt like all she was eating was a spoon of PB. The only issue I have here is that at noon, which is the time we got there, they had dry cupcakes and not very many at all. This leads me to wonder if they get a lot of people in the minute they open who take all the cupcakes, or they just don't keep a good stock. Either way I  really did like the Marble cupcake (SO GOOD) and want to come back to try, hopefully, the White Chocolate one!
5	Hands down my favorite bakery in town! With two girls, we go to a lot of birthday parties and seem to eat a lot of cakes. For my 6 year old's birthday this year, we ordered cup cakes for the kids and a matching cake for the parents. It exceeded our expectations in looks, taste, and price!The cup cakes came with Disney figures (the kids all loved) on top of beautifully decorated cupcakes that were so moist! The frosting had leafy decorations that added to the Disney figures that were on them. Then the cake for the parents had a cream/strawberry filling that was a huge hit with everyone at the party. The final cost was right within our budget, and we felt like we got great quality for the buck. We'll be getting birthday cakes from here for our family from now on.
2	The bakery is ok. I went here for the macarons and was really disappointed at the size and price. I can get bjgger and cheaper ones at other bakeries that taste 10x better. However, we did enjoy the lime bars, fruit tarts, cake truffles and tiramisu. I would go back for those but not the macaroons. Also, I feel that their items are over priced.
5	This is one of the best bakeries in town. I'm very critical and had a vision of a cake I wanted. I showed Doreen a photo of a cake that looked similar to what I envisioned and I explained the modifications to make it more personalized. Doreen and her team hit the nail on the head and then some!! The cake tasted fantastic, was the appropriate size for 40 people, communication was very efficient, the entire bakery staff is very pleasant and the price was extremely reasonable! I will use Drago Sisters Bakery for all my celebrations and their Tres Leche cake is AMAZING!!Thank you, Drago Sisters Bakery!
5	I come here once in awhile for their tres leches cake - amazing!!  I ordered my daughter's birthday cake here, and it turned out AMAZING!  It was reasonably priced, too!
5	Tres leches and the brownie cup are to die for! If I wasn't on a die I would be there everyday! If you haven't tried their tres leches, what are you waiting for! Go there and sample it. For sure you will be buying more after that LOL
5	Lived in the area for 9 months and never much noticed the place.  At 5:20 my husband said he wanted a cupcake so I looked to see if anyone was still open and found all the awesome reviews for Drago Sisters.I figured things would be good, but was a little skeptical since we would get there 20 minutes before closing.  Would everything be dry?  Would they have anything left?  I was SO wrong!  They still had a bit of everything and my 8 month pregnant self had NO idea what to get. So many cookie , cake, and other dessert options!We were given a mini tres leche to sample... Mmmm.  Hubby got a mini white cake with Bavarian cream and chocolate ganache and it was so moist.  The lemon bar was great... But the Salted Caramel cupcake I was recommended was definitely the star.  I cut it in half and it was so moist and fluffy as I cut in. The Carmel flavor was superior!  The cupcakes don't look too fancy like some places and they don't have a ton of frosting.  They are simply yummy cupcakes focused on flavor and simplicity of the cake itself.I want to go back today!!!
5	Drago Sisters bakery blew us away with what they conjured up for a double birthday (child's).  In two days the created a beautiful chocolate ganache with a cute edible baby doll on top; second cake was an INCREDIBLE  WHITE GANACE, LEMON CAKE AND LEMON CREME cake.  Both were a hit.  We have used the best of the bakeries in town and this bakery by far hit a home run for us.  Our guests went out of their way to inquire about who made the cake!  The price is nothing short of incredible for the beautiful artistry and edible race cars and dolls.  For a cakes such as the ones Drago prepared for us, we've easily spent double at other bakeries for less.  AMAZING.  I would highly recommend this bakery for large, artistic and sensibly priced cakes.  I agree with one of my guests when he said... " I never had a cake like that!!!!"
5	Staff was nice and the cupcakes were great! Everyone that had one is going there now to get more. Definitely my go to spot for pastries!
5	Amazing! Everything we got was delicious! Awesome cannoli and cream horn, moist cupcakes and cookies, to die for cheesecake!  My husband doesn't like berries on his cheesecake so they made me one plain in the back.  So friendly and great customer service! Will definitely be coming back!
5	A standing ovation from myself and my family!! Worthy of a 5 star+ review. We ordered a rum cannoli cake for our aunt and Uncle's 50th Anniversary and the cake was the hit of the evening. The right amount of rum flavor, the moist cake, and the glorious cannoli filling!! The cake was beautifully decorated. The price affordable. The customer service is great. What more can I say. This is my go to bakery for cakes. They never disappoint!!! Thank you!P.S. also ordered a coconut custard pie, that my husband stated was the best he ever had.
4	Geez - where the heck is the prior review(s) I've done on Drago ?!?!  The Yelp ghosts are messin' with my mind !I've been to Drago at least 5 times.  At one point, it was the only bakery in the area ( sugar bee, peridot and others now compete.) I've eaten a variety of cakes, cookies, cupcakes , etc.  I've even special ordered cakes twice.My history with DG has been a roller coaster - highs and lows.  As of late, we're on a high.  I'm a big fan of the mini-pies, especially the key lime and chocolate.  My last visit, I wanted to try the pumpkin pie but they sold out - had to go with the tried/true key lime along with a turtle brownie which I also enjoyed but would really enjoy if it had fewer walnuts on top and more caramel ( pic attached )DG is my "go-to" in the southwest with Manon my other fav when I want the French-style goods
5	Ordered a German chocolate cake for my husband's birthday...we went to a few bakeries in town and he didn't seem to like them (too dry, not enough frosting) but we had a good feeling about Drago Sisters Bakery. First of all, the cake was HUGE...you definitely get your bang for your buck and the cake was delicious, moist and beautiful. Everyone devoured the cake and they didn't skimp on the coconut frosting. This will be our NEW go to bakery!! Thanks!
5	Bought a tiramisu cake for my hubbys bday here. I called them dat day 1pm to order d cake but they told me theres no big tiramisu cake atm in d store. I ask them if they can make one for me bcuz my husband is dying to eat tiramisu cake i know itll mke him happy if he gets it on his bday... to my surprise they said they can make one for me and so stop by after 5pm to pick up d cake.. i was so overwhelmed. Thats an exeptional customer service. Cake was delish, staff are "awesomely" nice and polite. :))
5	They made my dream cake come true!!I had the most amazing Chanel Boy Bag cake made out of the most delicious pumpkin cake with cinnamon cream cheese frosting.The detail and beauty of the cake was beautiful and tasted just as good as it looked.Doreen was so nice and accommodating and went the extra mile.I recommend Drago Sisters Bakery for any special occasion cake!
1	Came here a while back and asked for half a dozen customized cupcakes(graduation gift). I was promised a certain theme and design and I ended up with disappointing half ass pixily design. I could have designed something better on the cupcakes at home. I was beyond disappointed and she ended up charging me for the half eaten cupcake. I don't know why I wasn't promised what I ordered, maybe because I didn't order a dozen? I'll be going to cupcakery next time, where I will get what I order and be treated with courtesy and respect.
5	I found Drago on yelp and I am so grateful I did.  They did an amazing job on our 3 tier cake.  The salted caramel was to die for and I highly recommend doing at least one layer of this flavor.  The red velvet was also really good but I had a 9" layer of salted caramel and a 5" and 7" of red velvet.  The salted caramel is almost gone even though I only had a dozen guests stay for dessert, it was a very small wedding.  They did a beautiful job on the quilting and English Garden Florist added the accent flowers.  I posted pictures in my review of English Garden and once I get pics from photographer I will update my review.
5	I ordered a special birthday cake in advance and had it delivered to my hotel on the strip.  Everything went according to plan and the cake looked great and tasted delicious! I highly recommend this place!
5	Friendly staff and delicious sweets = great bakery. We were very happy with our son's first birthday cake. It looked great and tasted excellent! Price was affordable.
4	The past couple of months the only thing my son kept asking for his birthday was a dinosaur cake. And such a simple request for a two going on three year old, how do you ignore that?So I shopped around and did the normal store bakery but couldn't find any dinosaur cakes. Then I went the special bakery route and found them all to be super expensive. Once again, my fellow yelpers helped a girl out. Drago Sisters Bakery was a name that was repeated over and over. My first choice was not Drago Sisters I admit. My first choice that I called informed me that I wasn't giving them enough notice and they would not be able to help me. So when i called Drago Sisters, I was kind of expecting the same thing. However, the lady on the end of the phone told me something different. She said nothing super complicated but that they would be able to help me. Needless to say, I made my way over after work.When I got there, they were a little busy but they were super helpful none the less. I decided on a 8" round  chocolate chip cake & two dozen cupcakes, half chocolate and strawberry. The lady who originally helped me told me due to short notice that they wouldn't be able to make dinosaur toppers for the cupcakes because of the short notice, but would do grass and dino prints. I was actually okay with that. The cake itself was only $80 and the cupcakes were $40 per dozen.On my pickup day, the cake was ready and waiting for me. It was more than I expected and so beautiful. I just knew my son was going to be super excited when he saw that cake and all those cupcakes. Much to my surprise, I had dino's all over the cake (I thought I was only getting one) and half of the cupcakes had dino toppers.The cake and cupcakes themselves were super moist. I mean moist. The chocolate & Strawberry flavors were right on. The chocolate chip cake was my favorite. A vanilla cake with lots & lots of chocolate chips. I also got Bavarian cream on the cake and was a little hesitant. But this was by far the best I have had. It was not sweet at all, but a little rich and creamy. A perfect balance to the semi sweet cake.The only thing was everyone said the frosting was too sweet. But hey, just scoop some of it off and you are good to go.I'm already thinking of another reason I might need a cake. They just did such an amazing job helping me on short notice (4 days). And the quality and the product of the work was outstanding.
5	I order my daughter's bday cake here every year. Price is very reasonable. The cake was very moist and not too sweet. I tried their truffles too and it was very good. I usually give them a sample of the cake design I want and they always get it right!
5	pistacho macaroon was delish and so was the mini tres leches! i would definitly come back!
5	Drago sisters did it again.  Fantastic custom cake for my sister's birthday.  They had never done a scrabble cake before & it turned out great.  Delicious too.
5	Amaze balls delicious cream puffs!! Red velvet anything here is to die for and the cookies are soft and perfectly sweetened. This is the only place I will come to for any type of dessert or sweets!
5	Items selected:Red Velvet CupcakeCarrot Cake CupcakeTres Leches CupPistachio MacaronSalted Caramel MacaronSpeculoos MacaronBoston Cream Pie...if it had not been so good I'd blame a friend for pointing out that Drago Sisters is right down the street from Sugar Bees, but in retrospect I guess I owe her thanks for adding to a truly "sweet" Saturday when seven items from the small bakery found their way back to my home as an extension of breakfast...or a midday snack...or "3rd meal"...out of six.  A somewhat eclectic place with nuances ranging from classic French to Modern American and even Hispanic dotting an otherwise Italian collection of pastries it was with much indecision that I stood pondering the selections but eventually succumbing to a combination of personal tastes and staff suggestions everything that followed was artisan craft at its best; cakes dense yet supple, frosting sweet but light, macarons a crisp break with natural, smooth filling followed by an ethereal linger, and two items warranting "destination" status; first a Boston Cream Pie superior to the original in texture, cream, as well as cocoa and the second a small cup (available in sizes up to a full celebratory cake) filled with a baba style sponge oversaturated in sweet, milky tones and topped with piped pastry cream plus dark chocolate chips......oh, and on a completely unrelated note, my birthday is in March.
5	Had a cookie butter macaroon and a cream puff. The filling in the puff was both tasty and rich. It wasn't a thin and light whipped cream filling. It had a nice consistency to it. The macaroon was phenomenal. First time having cookie butter anything. Cookie butter filling was tasty and not too sweet. The macaroon was light but had some chew to it. Very tasty treat. My sister ordered my nephews 1st bday cake. She emailed a photo of what she wanted. When she got the cake, it was picture perfect. This bakery does great work!!
5	Very friendly staff everything I tried was awesome the red velvet cupcakes were delicious very moist very flavorful chocolate chip cookies are to die for would definitely come back
5	They did my wedding cake! Three tiers, red velvet with cream cheese frosting. It was beautiful, the guests absolutely loved it, and it was the most affordable, yet high quality, I could find in all of Vegas. I wrote via email back and forth to confirm about 6 weeks prior, she called for payment 2 days before, and it was delivered on time to our hotel! Highly recommended!
5	Best cake I've ever had, hands down.  I ordered two flavors for our 2 layer birthday cake--red velvet and white chocolate with caramel filling.  Both were fantastic but the caramel was so good that I had people crowded around after the cake was gone begging to lick the knife I used to cut it!  The best part was the design.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that the cake brought tears to my eyes when I saw it, it was that cool.  And it was definitely the hit of my kids' birthday party.The only downside is that it can be a bit pricey, especially with all of the design extras, but it was well worth the cost.  You know you have a great product when the exceptional beauty of the exterior is surpassed by the exceptional taste.  I highly recommend Drago Sisters!
5	Their red velvet is super yummy and their traditional italian pastries are amazing
5	Their tres leches cake is AMAZING! Always picking up a tres leches cake when going to someone's for dinner, last minute birthday cake or even just something sweet for myself.
5	First class, 5 stars... Hands down.Eliza is great! Knowledgable, considerate, and very helpful.We ordered the "silver blinger" cake... Red velvet & cream cheese frosting. This was the most delicious, melt in your mouth cake I have ever had. Everyone who attended our wedding in Vegas loved it!We also ordered a dozen cannolis for everyone's desert after our rehearsal dinner. Very rich and creamy.I don't get out to Vegas much, but next time I am here I will definitely be visiting Drago sisters for a slice of red velvet.
5	You can never go wrong with their tres leches cake!!! Any size, but the mini just isn't enough. I was in the area on Monday & decided to pop in. Got a 8 inch (I think) of the tres leches cake since it was my birthday on Tuesday. Total yummyness! Thinking of taking a drive out there this weekend to get more. Can't get enough! Luckily Drago Sisters Bakery is now where near home lol
4	I pass by this bakeshop when I go to restaurants on this part of town. This is a long drive for me but when Amanda M told me about their cookie butter macarons, I knew I really ought to try place already. I had to pick up 2 round birthday cakes. They only had 2 cake flavors available the day I went but they were the flavors I wanted to get anyway - it was meant to be.Tres Leches Cake:I've heard good things about this cake. I like tres leches. It's a wet sponge cake but not runny.  The whipped cream is light. 5/5Tiramisu:They misspelled the word "birthday" which I thought was funny when I caught it and told them right away. The ladies in the store and I were just laughing about it. The cake was not dry. This cake was average. 3.5/5Cookie Butter Macarons:The macarons are bigger than Laduree's but smaller than smaller than Bouchon's and Gimme Some Sugar's version. The texture of the shells isn't smooth but smoother than Manon's. They are not dry and crunchy - there's bit of a crunch, a macaron is a cookie afterall. They got it easy on the filling since cookie butter is already pre-made to be delicious. 5/5They  have cookies, cupcakes, cake truffles, pies, fruit tarts, brownies, eclairs, lemon bars, cream horns and cannolis. It's very convenient that they also have greeting cards and candles. I get annoyed when people/places try too hard to be liked and I like Drago Sisters - they don't try hard at all. I was bound to like them naturally.
5	The head  baker here is a bad  mutha--shut yo mouth!!! I was referred here by an unnamed source who decided they'd had enough of me and my so called diet and boy was this a diet busterFirst off, the thing that impressed me out of nowhere was the tres leches. Usually buying tres leches from somewhere other than a Mexican bakery usually ends in a sugary wet disaster, but when they pulled it off, I knew we could be in businessThe cream of the crop, at least to me were the mini pies. I always love eating pies by myself so making one smaller was only the next logical step, and I must say it almost brought a tear to my eye. Me and my food brother took bites out our pies and then gave each other that look that only a fellow secret food beast will understand. Needless to say those pies went off to the great bakery in the skyLong story short, get here, eat some pastries then walk out like a boss
5	Such a great bakery ! Got 2 different customized cakes done here . They were inexpensive and the most delicious cakes ever. I ordered both about a week before I needed them & they were ready on time . The decorations were exactly what I imagined and more . Definitely recommend this place to anyone that needs to a custom cake !
5	I had a custom made red velvet cake for my husband's  40th bday -the sisters went above and beyond  by making it really special - it wasn't what I had in mind  but better and looked more expensive than what I originally wanted!! Cake was so delicious too! Highly recommended !
5	Such an amazing bakery! I tried their dulce de leche mini cakes at a friends birthday party and so I have decided to give them a try. I ordered my daughters 10th birthday cake which was an 8" round, red velvet 1direction themed cake. It was so good!!. I have three daughters and so I will be buying all their bday cakes here from now on. I also ordered an 8" salted caramel, Harajuku mini themed cake and it was our first time trying that flavor and I liked it! They are not over priced like how "normal" bakery's are. They are within my budget for a 3D cake and all I do is provide them with a picture or an idea and they will give me a price. No run arrounds and always on point. Staff is very friendly and my kids are very happy and pleased to see their birthday cake! Thank you drago's for the creativity and hard work!!. My girls deserves the "Best" tasting & adorable cakes!!!
5	I love this bakery I looked for many bakeries in my area and even know this is about a mile away from me I love it so much that I brag about the items to my boyfriend and now whenever he wants to surprise me with something he surprised me with items from the bakery, I can't wait to get married one day so that way they can make my wedding cake. I just love the people in there they are so sweet and they cater to me right away every time. I'm in and out I never have to wait long.
3	I have driven by Drago Sisters on quite a few occasions but finally gave them a chance last week when we were passing by and my mom and I were craving a sweet. We swung by and the place was surprisingly packed for a weekday. We waited patiently in this very tiny bakery and were helped quickly. My mom and I decided to share a lemon bar and I got a chocolate truffle ball for my fella. The lemon bar was nice and tart but the texture was a little chewier than I'm used so I'm not sure if it was a little stale or not. I enjoyed the flavor, but my mom was a little disappointed. I tried a little nibble of my fella's truffle and it was decent. The chocolate costing was a little too rich but I peeled that off and I enjoyed the inside. My fella wasn't enjoying his truffle at all so we traded halfway through and he seemed tk enjoy the lemon bar quite a bit. I'd be curious to try more of the treats here, but I'm not in a big rush to give them another try since nothing blew me away.
3	I'm no longer a crazy sugar monster but my mom is and she ADORES this place. Whenever she visits me from across the country she begs to go here for the brownies. She swears they make the best brownies she's ever eaten and always comes out with a box full of them. The case of goodies is pretty small and if you don't get there early, the choice items will sell out. In fact, I've never been in this tiny shop when there hasn't been a line out the door. The custom cakes are absolutely gorgeous. Minus a couple of stars because the first time I ever went here, I mentioned something about sugar free treats and the woman baker behind the counter made a rude and condescending comment about how she'd NEVER have something sugar free. I don't know, the nastiness in the way she said it rubbed me the wrong way and you never have a second chance to make a first impression. I'd never go here except that my mom loves it so much.
5	Love my custom cake. Exactly what I wanted. And they were able to fit my order in on a short notice. Definitely recommend this place.
4	Love this bakery always get my lemon bars from here and banana cream pie,soooooo yummy if you go to their website they make the most awesome cakes you need to come check this place out and it is family owned and operated so I definitely support small family business. Happy eating xoxox
5	This bakery is what I read Yelp reviews for. We're new to Las Vegas, and who has time to go to the dozens of bakeries looking for a winner. There's a reason why this place gets such good ratings. I've had the cupcakes -- chocolate, oreo, salted caramel, marble. Those are really, truly to die for! I have been to cupcake places in other cities, and they can't hold a candle to Drago Sisters. And the other treats -- cannaloni, tarts, European macaroons, mini pies -- were fabulous as well. If I was going to look for any possible negative, it is as one commenter said: If you get there later in the day, things may be somewhat picked over. But that's because the word is getting out on these guys. Get there early and pick up the yummies!
2	I didn't like the stuff I tried here. The chocolate truffle was not good and the lemon bar was lacking in tartness and tasted like it was sitting on the shelf a while. I don't want to completely count them out based on just the two things I tried, so I'd give them another chance.
5	Best cupcakes in town... Hands down. I went in with my kids and they each chose something different. I ordered a red velvet cupcake, my son ordered a snicker doodle cookie, and my oldest ordered the Oreo truffle. My kids raved about their choices. And as for the cupcake..... WOW! Best one I have ever had. The cake was moist, flavorful, and perfect. The frosting was full of cream cheese flavor, not too light, not too heavy, and just divine! I was so pleased with this place. I am so happy it is close to home and the prices are the most affordable I have seen yet! I am eager to try their cakes and hope my husband will splurge for a 30th birthday cake here for me this year. :) overall, this place exceeded my expectations. If I could give it 10 stars, I would. The staff was also very attentive, friendly, and nice. The place was pretty busy when I went in and they didn't leave me hanging... They acknowledged I was there and got to us fast. Love, love, love! You will have to check it out yourself... And I will probably be back later today!
5	I can't say enough about Drago Sisters Bakery, especially Doreen, one of the sisters, and her niece. Her name, I think, is Elise, and if I'm wrong about both name and/or spelling, please please forgive me! Either way, their service was amazing and the cake was out of this world and beyond our expectations! We'd gotten another quote from another bakery and weren't too thrilled about it, and their Yelp reviews weren't that great. I decided to try Drago Sisters because their Yelp reviews were very good, and we were not disappointed. Doreen quoted us $75 for a small 2-tier cake and set up a tasting so we could choose flavors & fillings. We were charged $20 for the tasting and it was worth every penny; Elise (again sorry if I'm wrong!) coordinated the tasting and was so gracious and friendly...and we got to have cake for breakfast! A win-win all around. We made our choices and I was thrilled with the end product. Not only was it absolutely beautiful, it was delicious. One tier of vanilla cake with white chocolate mousse filling, and the small top tier of chocolate cake with chocolate mousse filling. The cake itself was so pretty...a work of art, really, and I didn't want to cut it. Of course we did though! I thought I could post a pic of the cake but apparently not, which is a shame because it truly is gorgeous. The shells were made of white chocolate (they were delicious) and the flowers were crafted out of gum paste (which tasted pretty good actually) and were hard to tell from real flowers. I had someone say to me that they thought the flowers were either real or silk.All in all, I would go to Drago Sisters for any future event that needs a cake because they deliver above and beyond, at completely reasonable and budget-conscious prices. I highly recommend Drago Sisters!
5	Three words! Tres leches cake!! Seriously, the personal cups to go are the perfect cup of heavenly goodness. But go early bc they run out. I'm glad they have the personal cups bc I would seriously buy a whole cake for myself.
5	i've been meaning to write a review about this fabulous bakery and the staff, particularly Doreen who assisted me tremendously but have not had the time to really sit down and write an epic review until now.. here's my story.i was fishing for a bakery to create my bf's 30th bday cake while we were in town to celebrate and from all the bakeries i read reviews for, i went with Drago and was NOT disappointed.  i contacted the bakery via email and a response was quickly received.  Doreen and i went back and forth for design and what kind of cake i wanted.  they require a 50% deposit and could pay with a CC, which i did. the total of the cake was very very reasonable!  i thought it would've been more than i was charged, especially of all the details i asked for. anyhoo, i decided on a carrot cake for the main cake and ordered one dozen tres leches cupcakes and another dozen chocolate peanut butter cupcakes.  my bf is a huge LA Dodger fan, so it was only right his 30th bday cake had Dodgers written all over it.  the cake had the Dodger LA logo and was made to look like a baseball field.  as for the cupcakes, i requested they be made into little baseballs.  tbh, i was a bit concerned to see the product in person.  especially since we are from LA so there was no face to face interaction.  his bday landed on a sunday and i asked if they would deliver it to our hotel.  Doreen mentioned they were not opened on sundays but delivery could def be arranged with a delivery fee.  i'm all about convenience and was not in any mood to drive around Vegas to pick up a cake.  arranging the drop off with Doreen and the bell desk at Vdara went as smooth as can be.  i was super excited to open all the boxes to check out the finished cakes/cupcakes and i was beyond satisfied with how they all came out.  so so cute!! he loved it along with all of our guest and friends who partook in the festivities.  yes, the cake and cupcakes looked marvelous but more importantly, they were as tasty as can be.  every single morsel was to die for.  it was so hard to choose which was my fave because they were all so darn yummy.  the carrot cake was moist and was and is my bf's favorite type of cake to eat.  bday boy loved it and that's all that really mattered. the tres leches is def rich and is prob the best i've had.  i'm used to eating the already made ones from food for less, so this was def a treat on its own.  as for the chocolate peanut butter cupcakes, let me just say, i LOVE LOVE peanut butter ANYTHING and these darn cupcakes are dangerously finger licking delicious.i would have posted pictures of the awesomeness in it's entirety but i lost my phone at the McCarren airport on our way back to LA.  i was devastated we had no photos of the cake and cupcakes.  my bf's cell died and i was the only one who took pics. so so sad.  anyways, i contacted Doreen once we got back to see if she or any of the staff happened to take picture and she went out of her way to ask around.  sadly, none were taken also.  however, here willingness to even ask says a million about how this bakery is ran.  i will def be ordering from them again should there be another momentous event that takes place in the city of sin.kudos Drago Sisters Bakery!!  keep up the great work and poppin out these yummy goodness.
4	I recently ordered 3 cakes for my sons 1st birthday. The tres leches was amazing!! I also ordered a fondant cake in the theme of Dr. Seuss. It did slide apart by the end of the party but granted it was warm in the room. Would highly recommend and will be going back again!
5	AMAZING cakes & pastries with out the ridiculous mark up of the huge name bakeries like Freeds. I've ordered two custom cakes from Drago and have gotten soo many compliments from everyone attending the party! You can't go wrong with anything from this place!
5	The strawberry cupcake was amazing. You could actually see pieces of real strawberry in the cake which was very moist. The frosting was plentiful and sweet with a subtle strawberry flavor. I'm glad I finally stopped by. The selection was still very good even though it was 3:30 on a Friday afternoon. I can't wait to try the lemon, chocolate chip, and peanut butter cup cupcakes next!
5	For a moral lunch, I got the office a half dozen cupcakes and half dozen cookies. The red velvet cupcake and cookies are AMAZING!!! The salted caramel is delicious too! I didn't get to try the others, but the plates were empty in the matter of minutes (and this office doesn't care for sweets, so that says a LOT). Totally recommend their deserts here.
5	They were the best part of our adult mad hatter tea party. They catered the desserts and the made a special alice in wonderland cake. It was beautiful. The best part was the Tres Leches cake! I've had this cake all over Mexico and South America, hands down this is the best I've ever had. A must try!
4	This place is pretty good. We went in wanting a macaroon or two and walked out with much more. I tried an array of cupcakes and macaroons, lemon bar, seven layer cake and tres leches. I will be back for the tres leches but wasn't overly in love with anything else! The lemon products were lacking in real lemon flavor and had too much food coloring for my liking. The chocolate cupcake was so dry and the frosting tasted like artificial butter but was very chocolately. The macaroons were delicious! I chose to try the red velvet cookie. It was decent but not worth buying againI will be back but only for tres leches and macaroons.
4	The pastries are yummy for a neighborhood bakery. You have to try the tres leche cake. Amazing. Always get the cupcake sized one.   Stay away from the macaroons. They all have different textures and don't have the greatest taste. The other pastries were pretty good.
5	My cousin stumbled upon this bakery about a year ago and since then, my family has ordered at least 10 cakes from them (I've ordered 3 myself). They taste amazing!So much so that my husband told me I better leave a review. We've tried most of the combos like caramel with caramel filling, strawberry with cream cheese filing, a rainbow cake and I just ordered a marbel cake with cream cheese filing for my daughter's birthday last week. I received tons of compliments since they are not only pretty, but tastes great too!
5	I really wanted a special, super- amazing cake for my daughter's high school graduation party. My expectations were very high considering I was trying to manifest my great pride in my daughter's many achievements in the form of a cake. Plus, we had family from out of state to impress. Drago Sisters totally delivered! The cake (strawberry, with white chocolate mousse filling, fresh strawberries and chocolate frosting) was moist and yummy. The chocolate frosting, out of this world good. Also, of course, it was stunning. Extra special touch, graduation cap made entirely of white chocolate. I would absolutely recommend  Drago Sisters Bakery for special occasion cakes.
5	Always very good. I like when I come into a bakery mid day and the coolers are still full. Cake is moist and lots if flavor. I wish they had regular cakes to buy not just the special order. Cream horns so yummy!!!  Plus everything is cold so they last in the car in this heat.
5	Amazing nice people. They never cease to amaze me! They always exceed my expectations. Very passionate at what they do! Keep it up Drago Sisters!!! You guys are super awesome!
5	I had ordered a cake from here. The lady that I spoke with was super nice and I sent her some photos of how I wanted my cake to look. It was a quick conversation and had arranged for someone to pick up the cake. The person that picked up the cake was an idiot and kept it out the fridge so by the time I got the cake it was melted and was only able to salvage the top and the Eiffel Tower. It looked amazing though. Wish I could have seen it before it melted lol I didn't to taste it but it looked yummy. Overall you guys did a great job I just wish i didn't have an idiot picking it up.  Next time I am in town I will come by and try your cakes
3	The pastries on display are decent. I got a cream horn and a cookie. The cookie was awesome but the cream horn was just blah. The lady at the counter didn't seem to want us to be there, and made no effort at all to make conversation. Probably won't go back, there are dozens of bakeries in town where I can get better cream horns and friendlier service. However, the cakes on display looked beautiful!
1	VERY disappointed! I ordered a cake here for my wedding. It was also to be gender reveal cake as well. Confusing? Maybe. But I thought that I explained myself pretty well and made it VERY clear that it was overall a wedding cake with just pink or blue on the inside. I explained to the girl on the phone what I wanted and she said she understood exactly what I was talking about. There were several pictures of the cake I wanted on their website so I assumed they knew how to make this kind of cake. Red flag #1: after giving them my card # for a payment I looked at my account and found that they had charged me $25 more than what they told me. This took about 3 phone calls and a couple weeks to clear up. The day of my wedding I was so excited about my wedding cake and the gender reveal. When they brought the cake out it was NOTHING like what I had ordered! It was clearly a baby shower cake! Yes, a Baby shower cake at my wedding!  I was totally embarrassed and terrified that since it was the completely wrong cake that it would also be the wrong color on the inside! It ended up being the right color but that was the only thing right about it!The next day I called to talk to the manager and told her what happened. She said she would have to check my order ticket and give me call back. Of course I never received another call. HORRIBLE customer service!!!! Please stay far away from this place unless you want a baby shower cake for your wedding!!!!!
1	Disappointed. We ordered three different cupcakes. An orange cream, peanut butter cup and salted caramel. All three were extremely dry, like they had been sitting on the shelf for a day or two. The customer service was poor also. Will not be going back.
5	OMG I got the strawberry shortcake, it was to die for!!!  Homeade everything.  No box cake here.  My business will always be with the Sisters.
4	I've had two different experiences with this bakery but while one was a bit more stressful than the other they both ended up the same way, with beautifully decorated cakes and cupcakes that tasted really great. Based on Yelp reviews, I contacted Drago Sisters about two years ago to make a small cake and cupcakes for my in-laws anniversary party. I'm in Southern California so all arrangements had to be made by phone. Even with my very basic cake design ideas they were able to create a very lovely cake with coordinated cupcakes. The whole process was smooth and easy even with just a few week's notice. The guests of the anniversary party really enjoyed the cake and cupcakes and I looked like a hero to my in-laws which is always a good thing. Now this time, we were back in Las Vegas for my Father-in-law's birthday. My husband made all the arrangements with Drago Sisters again via phone. However this time, when we came to pick up our order, there was no record of our order. Nothing. It was hours before we were supposed to be celebrating and there was no birthday cake. Luckily (or, unluckily) we had already been charged for the order so my husband was able to bring up our credit card statement as proof that we weren't just showing up late on a Saturday and just being jerks. The staff there was very apologetic and quickly put together a cake for us right away, even going so far as to redecorate a different cake to give us options. We were also able to get a selection of cupcakes from their cases to take with us. Even though we received a replacement cake, Drago Sisters credited us back the cost of the cake that we ordered which I thought was excellent service. Again, the cake and cupcakes were a highlight of the party and we were thrilled that there were some leftovers so we could enjoy them all by ourselves!Even with the snafu, I would not hesitate to go to Drago Sisters again.
5	I've ordered three cakes from Drago's for various birthdays. The cakes always receive rave reviews from guests and always asked where the cake came from. Highly recommend!!
5	This bakery is great. After searching on yelp for good bakeries, I landed on Drago Sisters to order a tres leches cake for my boyfriend's birthday. When I picked up the cake, I was genuinely impressed with the quality and how nicely it was decorated. Most importantly, it was incredibly delicious and it actually lasted in the fridge for several days. I recently went back and bought two individual tres leches cakes and they were just as amazing. Also, the store itself is very clean & organized. Can't wait to try more treats!
3	This is a small bakery with a good assortment of goodies.  There is no place to sit and it is pretty much just a walk in walk out type of deal.  I tried the cookie butter macarons and the salted caramel macarons.  I also tried three of the truffle cakes: oreo, salted caramel, and carrot cake.  All were a bit too sweet for my liking.  Overall, it's great that they have an assortment of goodies, but there are other bakeries that take it easy on the sugar.
5	I'm a bakery lover, lover of all treats and things sweet. This is as good as it gets! The women who work here are always so friendly, patient and always warm and welcoming. The baked goods I cannot say enough good things about. Tres leche obviously is the most sought after item from here, you might as buy a huge one because if anyone tries it they won't be able to stop eating it! I always get a few treats when coming here but the tres leche is always a hit and I bring it to every dinner party, BBQ or birthday  I go to. Been coming here for over 2 years, never a bad experience!
4	Eclairs are the best i've had in this city!! Cream puffs are delicious as well.  Ordered a "Frozen" themed cake & it turned out beautiful, moist & tasty. Cupcakes were nothing to brag about, pretty dry. Overall a great place
5	This is probably my favorite bakery in town! Once you walk in, it smells like heaven. Sweet and warm smells fill the bakery and you know that whatever is back there baking is good. Their tres leches cake is to die for! I've always hated it due to it's wet texture and consistency, but they've got their tres leches cake on point! It has that moist consistency that is expected but still firm enough that it isn't falling apart. It's not overly sweet either, which is a plus. I love that it comes in a small snack size so that I don't feel like a complete fatty. Their macarons are tasty too. Light in texture and light in flavor. I just wish they had the pistachio macaron, but that just gives me more of a reason to come back. I've also had their cream puffs. Airy and fluffy with not too heavy of a cream inside. Would definitely recommend it for people who don't like overly sweet treats. The ladies working there have always been nice. Definitely a place to stop if you are in the area.
5	I absolutely love coming here! Been a loyal client since 2012! My cousin started coming here as well to order cakes bc well they are THE BEST. They are not over priced as most bakeries. I've had trouble finding a bakery that can make a beautiful cake and taste just as well! They have never made a bad cake. Cake is always moist with great flavor!! Tres Leches is one of my favorites -not overwhelming sweet as other tres leches I have tasted. The one I ALWAYS have to order which is only a seasonal flavor is Passion Fruit! Must try!!! As for customer service not once have I had a bad experience. I usually talk to Doreen when ordering my custom cakes she's great! You'll love her!! Can't say enough great things about them!
5	The Drago Sisters were so enthused about our Day of the Dead 70th birthday party!  They took our invitation picture and created a sugar skull cake using our color scheme--it was beautiful!  The cake itself was salted caramel flavor---yum!  The cake was dense like homemade cakes used to be and the filling was salted caramel and delicious!  Some of our guests said it was the best cake they'd ever had.  The sisters promised it would stand up well with pick up and delivery and it did---in fact we actually saved the cutting for the second party with family the next day and it still looked fabulous!  The price was so reasonable I feel guilty!  Thank you Drago sisters for such a wonderful touch to our fun party!
1	Office got cupcakes.. I got the orange cream and was soooooo disappointed!!! The cup me was so hard and dense and the frosting was HARD... it literally crumbled into a billion hard pebbles. Horrible!!
3	I bought a Salted Caramel Cake for my friends birthday. I was impressed with the flowery-icing design with a golden color. My disappointment was the sweetness was too much. I didn't even finished half a slice coz it was really sweet. Lastly, I asked to put a message on the cake. When it got back to me, the name of my friend is missing. I was in a hurry so I didn't got the chance to ask them to change it. Oh well, I may go back to try the truffles coz they looked yummy.
5	A delicious red velvet cake with the selected Life is Good image on it.  Party for 60+.  Cake was wolfed down.  Many people saying it was the best cake ever.  Thanks again Diana & Doreen!
5	ordered a custom cake here for a b-day party cost started around $175, not bad considering the detail design that was requested. Girlfriend ordered a channel purse, chocolate and strawberry filling covered in butter cream frosting then layered with a semi- sweet foundant .the cake was very good was not disappointed all the guest loved it and they all wanna know the bakers name :) definitely consider this place if you are looking for a great bakery in town.
5	Again, Drago Sisters Bakery did not disappoint! I went to them for our wedding cake (see review dated 4/18/2014) and knew I could count on them for some nice cupcakes for a birthday. The birthday girl was turning 20, and has some varied interests. I gave Doreen all the info by email, including the various "themes" that the birthday girl is into. In return, I was given 2 dozen chocolate/vanilla cupcakes with beautiful purple (bday girl fave) chocolate frosting. In addition they were topped with purple dragons (fave), seashells (fave) and Avengers characters (final fave). The dragons, shells and Avengers icons were of course edible and incredible. The cost for 2 dozen was $50, and at a little more than $2 per cupcake, a total bargain. I will always use Drago Sisters Bakery for any special pastries I might need, because they're always on point, on time and within my budget.
4	First time at Drago sisters bakery I have had several cakes at parties I've been to that were from there and they were absolutely amazing it was hands down the best cake I have ever tasted. Decided to pick up some cupcakes and I got half a dozen. I got the red velvet, the chocolate chip, tres leches, the marble chocolate and vanilla, salted caramel and the strawberry. The kids absolutely loved them and  I thought the tres leches was great! They had a good selection of cupcakes and other treats. They had a few cakes already made like the salted caramel and the tres leches. Excited to order a cake next time! Definitely would recommend you this bakery!
4	Went to last minute party and in charge of desert so stopped in to get a cake...which looked beautiful but decided too pricy so I opted for cupcakes. Wow! Girl at counter very sweet and we picked our favorites first: German chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, carrot cake and oreo.  I still had a few choices left...so she suggested I try sherbet and salted caramel ones...I was like whaaaat? I said ok~ she should know what's good...and boy she was right! We got to add gold sprinkles on them...nice touch. When I brought them to party people sliced them into fourths so we could all sample. Her picks were voted best. I will go back for special occasions but it is pricy.
5	Have been going there since they first opened and nothing but 5 star reviews on my part. the ladies working behind the counter are always super friendly and nice. Some of them even remember what we love even without having to ask.The cake truffles are to die for. My wife loves the lemon ones and I love the salted caramel. They are the perfect size and full of flavor. Some of the other items that we love are the coconut cream pie and the different varieties of brownies.Have ordered special items before and have had no problems with getting what I was looking for. I have been to a ton of bakeries all over the country and this one is most certainly in the top 5.
4	Popped in to by a birthday cake for... myself (my sister paid for it, so my birthday girl status remained intact). I am the only sweet tooth in the house so we opted for the tiramisu cake. Service was good-- I can't speak for a custom order-- they were fast and friendly.Ladies and Gentlemen of Cakeland-- this tiramisu was perfect. I've eaten a frightening amount of tiramisu in my life, from the Japanese convenience store variety, up to the 'oh heck why not?' after dinner dessert order, to the homemade by an Italian mama that would force feed ya cake but then guilt trip you about your weight afterwards. I digress. Anyway this cake was perfect. Not too moist, not too sweet, and especially not too alcoholic! This cake had us asking "it's acceptable to have tiramisu for breakfast, lunch, and dinner right?"
5	Ordered my wedding cake here after looking at a few other bakeries. They beat all other bakeries quoted prices by 50% and were able to make the exact cake I wanted (something a few of the other bakeries couldnt do). My cake was beautiful and delicious. Every guest asked where we had it made and the salted caramel was a HUGE hit. Thank you!!!
5	Five stars !! Love this place ! They all have talent and my custom cake looks amazing ! Thank you so much
5	SO EXCITED!!I found a new awesome little bakery that will be my "please bring dessert" place to go! Was invited to a party, and wanted to bring something sweet. Popped into Drago Sisters on the way home and picked up a couple dozen assorted Macarons. They were fantastic! I was impressed! The gold dusted, salted caramel macaron...OMG. Just Sayin'And while waiting for the sales girl to put the order together, I notices many other things that looked great. Cakes, cookies, little sexy treats. So when you invite me to dinner....I am happy to bring desert!
4	I heard great things about this bakery for ages before I made it in myself- and it completely lived up to the hype! From cookies to cakes, truffles and parfaits, this place has everything you could crave and then some. Lots of seasonal goodies are available, like ginger bread men and bonbons decorated to look like Christmas tree ornaments. Store itself is small but makes good use of their limited space.Bonus star for great service: employee heard it was my first visit and pointed out some of her favorite treats, then offered us a sample of their tres leches cake, one of their best-selling items. I'm not a fan of wet cake, and tres leches desserts and I declared a truce long ago... but I wanted to be polite so I tried it. And holy moly, NOW I get the appeal of this dessert! Not to mention she gave us the entire little cup from the display case, rather than the bite on a spoon I was expecting. Decadent!In addition to the tres leches cake, the cupcakes are pretty good too (marble cake was especially moist with a fudgy frosting), and the lemon bar was a surprise hit.
