5	DeeDee went in for her 100,000 mile checkup and shot's update today:)She's 14  1/2 years old which (according to Dr. Bracken) equates to roughly 100 years old in human terms!It's fairly rare for chowchows to live that long, although I have been extraordinarily fortunate to have both my chows live to a very ripe old age (Sam, my big chow made it to 16  1/2...I still miss him! :-)I frankly credit most of that good fortune to Dr. Bracken and the wonderful people at Arcadia Animal Clinic...I have had many pets over the years and used many vet's in Portland and San Francisco...they were all good, all came highly recommended by trusted friends, co-workers and the like...but none of them measure up to Arcadia Animal Clinic!We were looking for a vet after we had been in Arizona for few months and started asking around...more than  1/2 the people we asked mentioned Dr. Bracken as the best they'd met and highly recommended AAC...The beautiful Carin and I looked at each other and said "this can't be a coincidence...6 people that don't even know each other recommend this place...let's go see him!" And we did:)Chow's aren't noted for either their patience or their warm and inviting demeanor...they are a little bit aloof and intimidating...I like that in a dog...both Sam and Dee are coal black, and with their black fur, black tongues, black eyes and gleaming white teeth and fangs, when they smile at you, it can look a little sinister:-)But they aren't...they are teddy bears and Dr. Bracken and the staff at AAC took the time to understand that (they approach each pet as an individual and get to really know that animal:)That was apparent at the first meeting of my dogs and Dr. Bracken, when he got down on the floor with them and they talked and played and became great friends (my dogs always love going to AAC...they love Dr. Bracken:)All that personal rapport with my pup's is and has been critical...not necessarily when they are just in for a checkup or a shots update...but when DeeDee tore her ACL trying to chase a bunny or when she had a minor stroke last year...or when Sammy was finally just too tired to go on and they helped him over with respect and dignity...sorry...I can't see though the tears right now...AAC is the best veterinary clinic I've found and Dr. Bracken is the best vet I've ever met!
5	When I adopted my furry bundle of joy last year, I had pretty much everything I needed to be a good parent... except a good vet.When I adopted Owen from the Maricopa County Animal Control Shelter, I was given a sample of food, some coupons, a disposable cardboard carrying case and a list of vets who participated in their program, in which your new family member could get a free check up. Once we got home, I eenie-meenie-miney-moed my way through the list of "free first office visit" vets, and made an appointment. A couple days later, Owen and I were at a vet appointment that made me feel like I had taken my car in for an oil change, and the vet was trying to sell me all kinds of new parts. Thus began my quest for friendly referrals, which led me to Dr. Bracken. I am a vibe person. I can read people immediately, and I am usually pretty right on. I took to Dr. Bracken immediately, as did Owen. Dr Bracken might be the cat whisperer, and from what I understand, he's just as great with other animals. He bonded with Owen, and even though you might have to wait a couple minutes to be seen,  you can rest assured knowing that Dr. Bracken will give your animal (or in some people's case, "child") the same undivided attention. Call me the crazy cat lady, but when I take my cat to the vet, I feel like I am taking my child to the pediatrician, and with Dr. Bracken, you can tell that he understands that he is not just dealing with people's pets (or their car), but their family.
5	I am thrilled to have found such a wonderful animal clinic. I have three PUGS with three very different personalities. Luckily we don't have to go to see Dr. Bracken too often. But when we do, it is always a good experience. Dr Bracken and his wonderful staff are extremely professional and attentive. I live closer to downtown and will gladly bypass the many animal clinics closer to me to visit Arcadia Animal Clinic. I do end up waiting sometimes, but I do not mind. I know that Dr. Bracken gives a lot of thought and attention to the animals he is taking care of. I recommend Arcadia Animal Clinic to everyone I meet that have a pet or pets in their life. *******Plus its right by LGO, so you can stop and grab a bite or a latte on your way home!
4	Dr. Bracken rules. In fact, one time my husband and I saw him in Costco and I got really excited and acted like I'd just seen a local celebrity. True story. There's something about Dr. Bracken that just makes you feel like everything is going to be okay. Despite being incredibly busy he spends time with your dog/pet, will make after hours calls (trust us, we know) and is happy to call other experts when he doesn't know the answer (huge).  Our favorite thing about Dr. B is that he tends to be more on the holistic side of medicine. He advises against pumping your pets full of prescriptions and medicines that they may not need. Preventative is not always necessary and we appreciate that he doesn't try to "up sell" you on these things. In fact, he'll advise against what so many vets recommend. He's not going to tell you that your pet needs regular x-rays and teeth cleanings, etc. He really advises again unnecessary treatments - especially when they involve local anesthesia. We really appreciate his raw honesty about situations and he'll be the first to admit when he just doesn't know the answer. In fact, he was more than willing to work with a competing vet to solve a mystery case we were facing with our little one. This meant the world to us. If you're looking for a fancy shamsy vet with websites, e-mail updates, couches and all the bells and whistles - this isn't for you. This is a place that's great because of it's wonderful staff (we love that most of their team can greet our pups by name) and Dr. Bracken's genuine love of animals.The only thing that doesn't make Arcadia Animal Clinic a 5-Star is that you have to see specialists for certain things. Unlike bigger vet clinics, they don't have all the fancy machines, testing equipment and labs that other vets offer. It would be awesome to stay on-site for everything.
5	Dr. Bracken is very talented.  His staff is incredible.  He treats my pets with incredible love and attention (acts like their his very own buddies).  He is not only kind, but extremely knowledgeable.  He is willing to take the extra effort and time to ensure proper diagnosis and reviews all of the potential treatments.  He understands how important the smaller members of your family are.  He came highly recommended by several friends of mine and I'll never go anywhere else.  Everyone that knows him gives him rave reviews.  He charges appropriately (its not the cheapest place to go, I'm sure, but the quality and value of care is far above anywhere else.)He even notices your pets personality, which must be hard after seeing so many pets a day.  He goes the extra mile, ensuring your pet is fully cared for.Its a large facility with lots of employees, but there's only one Dr. Braken.  He answers each question himself.
4	overall, the practice is very good. however, some of the people answering the phone are diagnosing or deciding when the animal should be seen. a year ago i called because one of our dogs was hunched over and vomiting.  i called and the person w/whom i spoke said it was nothing, that i could wait a few days and see what happened. i told her i was leaving the next day and didn't feel it could or should wait. she again discouraged me and finished by saying "well, if you really have to come in, we're here till 6". i called another vet whose staff said to bring the dog in immediately. i did. he was diagnosed with a condition that would have either killed him  or rendered him criticaly ill had i waited per the employee's suggestion. i've been discouraged more than once by the phone answerer from bringing pets in.  each time, i've taken them to this other vet and each time, they've had something signicant.  we've slowly transferred their care to this other practice.  i'm sure dr. bracken has no clue the front office is making decisions that could be life or death.  if a client calls, then the staff should attempt, within reason, to schedule an appointment as soon as possible.  dr. bracken is a very thoughtful, conscientious and smart person. he has a VERY busy practice, guaranteed you will wait. if you have an 8am appointment, he will see you at 8:30. he wants to be sure all the appointments are there before he arrives in the morning. he goes beyond the norm in calling patients, being available after hours for critical situations. so it's a balancing act. you have to be assertive in getting your pets' needs met, not with him, but with the person answering the phone, so you can get in. once you see him, it's all gold. he's great.
5	It doesn's get much better than this. I feel my animal children are in safe hands with Dr. Bracken. Not a clinic where all they want to do is sell you stuff, run up your bill with scare tactics. You can actually talk with Dr. Bracken and he listens.
4	i was recently contacted by someone from dr. bracken's office regarding my review. she was very thoughtful, kind and interested in what i had written. i reiterated that dr. bracken is great. he has gone above and beyond for us on many occasions. he is not the issue.  my issue was with someone who answered the phone not allowing me to make an appointment to take an ill pet in. i felt the pet's condition was being diagnosed by someone not qualified or authorized to do so. the person who recently called me handled the issue in a very professional way. i really appreciated her taking the time to call and listen to my concerns. we had a great conversation. that's the sign of a well-run business.
5	I have had dogs my whole life and have been to many different Vets around Scottsdale and Phoenix. I got a new puppy in July and a friend recommended Dr. Bracken so highly that I decided to go instead of taking her to my regular vet. I signed her up on the puppy plan which is great when you have a new puppy. It includes all shots, nail trimmings, visits and a discount on spaying. Dr. Bracken is the sweetest, most caring vet I have ever been to, he takes time to teach you puppy training and answers any and all questions you may have.  I have since taken my two other dogs and transferred their medical records to his office. You can tell on your first visit that Dr. Bracken's office is very busy but he is worth the wait. He loves dogs just as much as you do and isn't driven by the all mighty dollar that so many other vets exude. I would trust his honest, straight forward opinion over any one else!!!!!! I normally don't write that many reviews but if you love your dogs as much as I do, you'd taken them here!
5	Dr. Bracken is the best vet I have ever encountered.  My dog hurt his back and they took fantastic care of him and found a great neurosurgeon for us to have his back fixed.  All his general checkups and teeth cleaning have been great. The staff there just really seem to love animals and it shows. They even call back to check in to make sure everything is going okay with him. It's a ways to Arcadia from my house ( I live in south Tempe ), but I wouldn't even consider taking my dog to anyone else.  If you are looking for a vet you can't do better than Dr. Bracken.
5	Those who have cats and love them as much as I do, know that it can be difficult to find a veterinarian who is good with them. The reviews written by Teri B. and Sarah K. helped me to make up my mind and give this clinic a try since I was looking for the vet who was on the holistic side and really good with cats. And so far I haven't been disappointed. Dr. Bracken is very knowledgeable and progressive, and just like other reviews say - very kind, attentive to your pet, generous with his time and doesn't try to run the bill or prescribe/do any unnecessary procedures. The day before we went there I read somewhere online that a good veterinarian, before going straight to the exam, will try to interact with your pet, and that's exactly what Dr. Bracken did, even before he introduced himself to us! I have a Bengal and Dr. Bracken already knew what to expect of him, it was obvious he was familiar with the breed. But what is more important, my cat, who usually goes crazy at the vet's office, headbutted him marking him as his friend. He also asked me to tell him about my cat which had never happened before at other veterinarians' offices. When I told him my cat was on a BARF diet (Biologically Appropriate Raw Food) he didn't roll his eyes and didn't try to convince me that it was dangerous or inappropriate as I've read most veterinarians do. Actually, after talking a little more to him about it, I found out that he had done some reading on this topic and sees positive results. He even accepted "An open letter to veterinary professionals" that I had printed out for him, which appeals to veterinarians to stop endorsing dry kibble and supporting pet food companies that have only one goal - profit and not our pets' health, and instead to learn more about ALL diets so they could help us to make better choices for our pets when it comes to their nutrition. He didn't try to push any vaccines (we were there for an annual exam) either.  To sum it up, the exam was not as stressful for my cat (which means for me as well) as usual, my cat likes his new doctor and I trust him. The only negative - you may have to schedule the appointment way ahead of time, especially if the only day you can go is Saturday. We had to wait about 2 or 3 weeks, but I say it's worth it.
5	We have been going with our animals to see Dr. B and the rest of that great crew for over 15 years.  He is the only Dr one of my pets liked...really more like one of very few people.  But when she saw Dr., it was kisses for all.  I just wish I could have kept him my very own secret!  We have been through many sad and happy times.  And I hope, he NEVER retires.
5	The second that Dr. Bracken starts treating humans I will be the first on line! What an amazing doctor he is.... the love, care and compassion that he has shown my "family" will forever be treasured deep in our hearts!
5	Do you ever meet someone and it just clicks that they are in exactly the right profession, doing exactly what they were put on this earth to do? That's Dr. Bracken. We've been going to Arcadia with our pets ever since I was a little girl and now I take my own family pet there. I can't say enough good things about the kindness, love and warmth that Dr. Bracken shows each pet. He talks to them a little before taking them back to take care of them and immediately puts both my dog and me at ease. He's gone above and beyond his job description in so many ways, from taking a sick pet home with him to care for, to calling long after his office hours to give veterinary advice when I was frantic and needed an answer, I could never thank him enough.
5	My puppy's trainer recommended Dr. Bracken's office.  He and his staff are great!  They are kind and genuinely care about the pets they treat.  I won't take my pets anywhere else from now on.
5	Best in the business...period.  We've had a ton of issues of late and they always take our call and always guide us in the right direction. Top notch!  Unfortunately, looks like we will be calling in the morning...again.
5	When I first got my dog from a shelter I took him to his first vet visit and he told me that my dog needed all of this work done, which would have cost me over $1,000. I was then referred, by a friend, to Dr. Bracken, who has been amazing. He said he didn't need any of that stuff done. Dr. Bracken has taken such good care of my dog and he has also tried to save me money. My dog had knee surgery and when I went to pay for it, he said, "Just give me what you can right now." "You can make payments every month, even if it's just $10." I couldn't believe it. He REALLY cares about the animals and is such a nice person.I have always felt comfortable there. And Penny, who works in the front, is awesome!
5	I know a lot of people writing reviews on here have been many times. I have only been 3 times for my boy charlie but absolutely great experience in relation to care. When someone is sincere not trying to run up the bill and find the best solution there are many others who also want the same attention. This does equate to long waits but its worth it. The other day they squeezed charlie in for a quick skin test since he had mange before and same symptoms show again. Found it wasn't so have another appointment scheduled for next week. Expected to be in and out in 15 minutes like staff said took a solid 45. Just plan ahead and be patient.
5	Dr Bracken is the best! He has a wonderful bedside manner, and he knows his stuff! He loves big dogs (we have Newfoundlands) and knows problems specific to them. For example, when we were in a different state, our newf got sick, and we still didn't have an answer after $3000 work up. When we saw Dr Bracken (after we moved), he gave us the answer right away, without running a single test. And he was right all along. He is super caring, and even if he doesn't see you back for a follow up, he always wants you to call and let him know how your baby is doing. The only drawback is that I have referred so many people to him (as I'm sure others have), that his schedule is always booked, and unless you are an established patient, it may be hard to get an appt.
5	My family and I (including our beasties) could not love Dr. Bracken and the team at AAC more. Dr. Bracken has treated several generations of our pets, including our Siamese kitties who had feline leukemia. The second of the two, when I took her in after a long illness, was in constant pain by that stage and needed to be euthanised that day. Dr. Bracken let me hold her while he administered the shot. He comforted both me and my beloved kittycat and did the right thing for her. Like many other reviewers, I can attest to his compassion, warmth, expertise, and wonderful bedside manner.Since we have been with this practice for so many years (dogs--mixed and pure breeds, and several cats), they are extremely good about fitting in quick emergency consultations when there is an urgent problem. And Dr. Bracken's availability--emotional as well as in person--is great! I am trying to help my little King Charles Cavalier lose some weight and get fit. Dr. Bracken gave very good advice on feeding and what to strive for in terms of gradual weight loss. He even said that if I needed to call for emotional support as an indulgent pet parent ("But he wants more food!"), I could. He goes so above and beyond the call of duty.You get real animal lovers and the best care possible at Arcadia Animal Clinic. As someone else said, I'd give them six stars if I could.
5	Dr. Braken is the best vet, hands down!  He is the gold standard of vets and takes excellent care and thoroughness in his work!  I will not trust anyone else with my dog and wish I could give him a 100 stars, he's that great!
5	I often say I wish I could find a doctor with the bedside manner of my dog's veterinarian.Dr. Bracken is amazing. My parents have been taking our dogs their since I was little. I am now an adult and have been taking my pups there for 11 years. Dr. Bracken gets on the ground and talks to my dogs. He never suggests unnecessary procedures. I think his rates are very fair.  My senior dog has had valley fever, a severe illness as the result of an icky pig ear, and a thyroid condition. Dr. Bracken has given her the best care possible and I know that's why she is 11 years old and still acts like a puppy. His staff has been able to see my dogs with little notice when they've been ill, and can often suggest at-home treatment for run of the mill illnesses over the phone. He is so patient with pet parents and gives thorough explanations. i cannot say enough wonderful things about him and his staff.
5	Dr. Bracken is one in a million.  He is the best vet ever!  Once you take your pets to see Dr. Bracken you won't want to ever take them anywhere else!  I have been taking my dogs there for over 13 years now.  My dogs have had many problems over the years and Dr. Bracken is always available to help you.  He will not run unnecessary procedures and will give your pets the best care available.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about him and his staff.  I agree with one other reviewer who said she would give him 100 star rating if she could.  He is that good!
2	1-1/2 stars for the doctor's reputation. He's supposed to be exceptional.  1/2 star for the person I talked to being friendly but unconcerned. When calling I got a busy signal each time I tried for over 5 minutes.  When the phone was answered I was put on hold for at least another 5 minutes.  When I got a person I said I wanted to make an appointment for my dog. I wasn't asked what was wrong with my pet I was just asked if my dog was a current patient.  I said no and was then told it would be at least 3 weeks before they'd be able to see us.  To me busy signals and long holds don't bode well and then 3 weeks to get an appointment with them not even knowing my dog's condition?  The practice must be TOO busy and they need additional help.  Going elsewhere.
5	Dr. Bracken and his staff are amazing, he is the dog whisperer!  I have been taking both of my dogs here for years, and I love this vet.  They are focused on what is best for my dog, don't recommend things they don't need, and are very reasonable.  They even called to check up on my pup after she had her teeth cleaned.  They are awesome and I recommend them to all of my friends and family who have pets. :)
5	Dr. Bracken and his staff are top notch! They actually care about you and your pets. They worked with me and my husband to get our puppies in on time for their 9 week shots even though the schedule was full. Such a great team of knowledgable people!!
5	Simply amazing I would never trust any other vet then Dr Bracken, I have 2 current cats that go to doctor Bracken Eve who is 8 months old and my recent kitte addition my little boy Dante who is only 12 weeks, Dante is currently sick with a URI and I have gone to 2 emergency animal clinics and Dr Bracken, after calling Dr Bracken again with my concerns he finally stated to not go back to an emergency animal clinic and if I have any questions or concerns they will make sure to take full responsibility of Dante, I have full trust in Dr Bracken that he will take care of Dante and make him better, he is the best that I've ever been to, I wish I could take him everywhere I go due to my husband being in the military... Dr Bracken you have one of the best hearts, your an amazing man and I'm so happy you're in my family's life!
5	This is the very best vet on the planet. What he has done for my old dogs is unreal. He has extended and increased the quality of their lives tremendously. I am so lucky to know him! I can never thank Dr Brackon enough! Sweet Pea and Sadie thank him as well! : )
5	Dr Bracken is by far the most hard working, compassionate and understanding veterinarian out there. I was recommended to him by not 1 but THREE separate friends after my dog was hit by a car. My dog, Maeby, is a rescue dog and the light of my life. Seeing her get hit by a car was one of the most traumatic experiences of my life followed by a very stressful few months. I initially rushed her to an Emergency Clinic in Glendale who was available at night. I was terrified by their service. $400 dollars later I took her home with pain medication, some antibiotics and a 3 day internal bleeding watch. The next day I woke up to pooling blood coming from her undercarriage and once she finally let's me take a look I notice a HUGE gash that had completely been overlooked at least 4-5 inches on the underside of her tail. I took her back to find out her tail was broken and needed to be amputated. So now I'm on my second visit and the vet that comes out says that "these things happen" and "can easily be overlooked" Excuse me? She's a 13 pound dog. For that price and for being hit by a car I don't think I'm out of left field in expecting you look at the entire dog. Ultimately he tells me her tail needs to be amputated and it would cost $1400 but did not want to "steal my thunder"..this was a problem as I didn't have that kind of money up front and had already spent a few hundred. I pay for the x rays of the tail they overlooked, the sutures and for additional pain medication-- about another 300 dollars. I was hysterical. My friends recommended getting a second opinion and this is when my god send, Dr Bracken came into play. He agreed to see Maeby the next morning- somehow he was able to make out what I was saying through my high intensity gurgle cries. She stayed intermittently with Dr Bracken and staff for a month getting her tail sutures checked and rebandaged; checking her hemmoraging and cuts and bumps. We were going twice a week which was extremely overwhelming in it's own. Some days I just had to get to work and they would watch her the whole day for me. Dr Bracken understood my financial concern and the love (understatement) I have for my dog. They worked with me and never made me feel anything less than welcome and at home regardless of my hysterics every single visit. The whole staff has a deep love for animals and understands how much yours means to you. They will give you nothing but straight answers, 100% of their attention and fantastic service. I think half of them are also human psychologists. Maeby ended up losing most of her tail through the process but Dr  Bracken never lost sight of my concerns for her and would call me personally with check ups. She is now back to her normal puppy antics and happy as ever wagging her little nub every minute of the day. We will come here for life and I constantly rave about this place. You won't find a better vet anywhere in Phoenix.
1	The office is very poorly run, wait times too long and highly disorganized.  Even after numerous phone calls to have my name and address removed from their records, they still continue to mail reminders to me and my dogs (one of my dogs passed away 2.5 years ago while under the care of Braecken).  I never even received a sympathy call after he passed.  Not the kind of vet's office I will ever take my remaining 3 rescues to.
5	Today we took our American Bulldog ICON to see Dr. Bracken. The recommendations for Dr Bracken were terrific but he is SOOOOO much better than you could even imagine. Dr Bracken genuinely cares about the health and well being of your pet. We have never been so incredibly impressed with a vet and we are thrilled that Dr. Bracken is now caring for our bulldogs. THANK YOU Dr. Bracken!!!
