5	This TJMaxx/Home Goods location is awesome! It is always super clean and organized, the employees are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful, and the selection is excellent. I've found so many things I was looking for, and then some, here! TJMaxx is already my favourite chain store of this type (better than Ross, Marshalls, etc.. imho), but this location is even better! The prices are always great, and they carry some very nice items. Whether you are looking for luggage, clothing, furniture, silverware, or household decorations, this store is likely to have something you'll like!
4	TJMAXX HomeGoods is a fun store to explore and sometimes even purchase things. It seems to be well organized and kept in order as apposed to many stores like it.
5	Always have a friendly staff and there are new items every time we go. I would recomend if you see something you like BUY IT because you wont see it again the next time you go. Thats why this place is great and fun!!!!
2	** PG rated review **I enjoy the store when I have been there in the past.  I at least want to start with that....However....I had to make a trip to the restroom.  It was fairly clean and I do not have issue with that.  I finished up my business and was washing my hands.  As I was finishing up, an employee of the store (a guy in glasses) came in and hustled up to the urinal.  He handled his business quickly and ran straight back out the door......WITHOUT WASHING HIS HANDS.    Thank you Mr. Disgusting Man for holding your parts and then touching the door handle I now have to grab to leave the restroom.So I walk out of the bathroom (using a paper towel to open the door) and see this guy shake hands with someone and standing around joking with coworkers.  You mean to tell me you could not invest a minute to wash your hands properly before you went out to resume your non-work conversation??? Gross.Get it together TJMaxx.  Make sure your people are washing their hands or at the least start posting signs letting us know that your people do not wash their hands so I can avoid your store in the future.
4	Love this TJ MAXX location.  It has a Home Goods attached.  I was get lost in there with all the stuff.  I somehow always find something to buy.  :)  It is always clean and organized. I think I need more decorating stuff for the house.  hehehe!
5	My favorite place to shop.  I get the most amazing deals!  I think this location is the nicest one in Phoenix.  Not picked over like some of the others and not too busy.  I find so many different things here and i used to come in about every other week because inventory constantly changes.  If you see something that you like buy it or it will be gone when you come back.  I've learned that the hard way.  I love designer brands and love it a lot more when I can get them for cheap.  Don't go if you don't need anything or you will spend money on something that you don't need:)
4	Great place to shop! But get a discount ticket at the visitor shop inside  TJMaxx  just by showing your passport to get even better deals!
