5	Whenever it is my dads pick for dinner we always end up at Charleston's. No matter what he always orders the ribs. He says they are extremely tender and just fall right off the bone.  Before he even eats his ribs, he loves chomping on their delicious buttery croissants. If you don't care about calories, then you must not pass these croissants up. My mom and I usually go for the baked chicken which is always delicious, but they have a wide variety of food to choose from. Whenever we go there we can make reservations and even last minute. Also, the service is always great and they are on top of things.  I have a feeling we will going to Charleston's on Father's Day so he can chow down on his BBQ ribs!
3	If you don't care about watching what you eat, you've found the right place. The dishes that I tried were all very good (taste-wise), but you feel like you're carrying twins after you get up from the table. As far as portions go, this place is very generous. Their daily soup offerings are surprisingly very good and some of the best I've had in the Valley so far. The rest of their food is pretty heavy, but alright when it comes to flavor. It kinda borders on bland and not-too-bad. The food's heaviness really over shadows any taste that it might have. In truth, this spot is really "old money" dining on a Friday night, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. If you come here though, be sure to make this your big meal for the day because you're going to feel like you're wearing an inner tube around your waist by the time you're done.
5	Kids Menu: YESKids Coloring paper & Crayons: YES Kids drinks: YESKids eat free on: SUNDAY with an a purchase of an adult entree. The servings are HUGE here.  We enjoy the food and so do the kids. Will we return: Yes, especially on Sundays.
4	Every time I come here I always expect the best. Just as the previous times I have been here. I always am surprised by this place every time. The food is great and always consistent.  The service is great and consistent as well, something that is a hard find these days. The food is served in generous portions that makes the price seem too good to be true. When you get your bill and see the total for the amount of food you received you feel as if your waitress forgot to ring in your whole order or gave you someone else bill. You just say nothing pay the bill and leave so you don't get caught, but wait, it's true it was yours so no sneaking out.
5	The best shrimp EVER! Perfect stake, excellent service, and OMG to die for apple cobbler.We were told this was the "diner" type restaurant in the area. Good, because I just got off a plane, was starving and didn't feel like putting on makeup or a dress. So we went.The inside reminded me a bit of a slightly darker version of Cheers. The seating area had overstuffed leather booths that made me want to sink in and stay for a while.If I ate wheat, I'd be able to tell you if the honey glazed Croissant they brought out with the salad was as good as it smelled and felt. Light, fluffy, and just out of the oven. Nearly irresistible.If you're looking for good food and great service, this is the place! I'm totally going back again tomorrow! It was that good.
4	This is the only chain I support whole heartedly!  Visited this Scottsdale location last night and received great service and a fresh flavorful salad. I've never been disappointed with Charleston's. The decor is the nice dark cherry wood and the bar has a good happy hour with just enough TVs to catch a game but resist the "sports bar" title. Love: baked potato, croissants, ribs, salad and if your indulging-don't miss the bread pudding!
3	This came highly recommended by locals, as well as friends who recently attended a conference at The Fairmont Resort near Charleston's.  I had the country fried steak and it was more quantity than quality.  I, for one, am worn out with seemingly every restaurant using "chipotle" in their dishes and this was the case with Charleston's country fried steak gravy, which has a little kick.  I had a cup of potato soup and it was excellent.Friends with me had a cheeseburger and meat loaf.  My one friend raved about how delicious the meatloaf was and the other said his hamburger was perfectly cooked (hot pink in the middle).I liked the dark wood atmosphere of the restaurant and it had customers ranging from families with kids to senior citizens, so it is clearly appealing to a mix of people.Service was okay, though not memorable.
5	Best ribs I ever had. Never got my fingers messy as the meat fell right off the bones. Great garlic mashed too. Wife got the salmon and was very pleased. My mother recommended this place and she was right on. Highly recommend, and good friendly sarvice too.
3	Ate here todayI hope that there is something better in ScottsdaleNot that it was bad, but nothing special from the service to the foodI'd say Skip It !
4	Took my family here when they came to visit. We actually thought it was Carraba's (which is next door), but didn't realize it until we got water and our menus, so we felt bad leaving. Seems like it's typical American food but it's a bit more pricey. My sister got a chicken tenders salad with honey mustard dressing and that was pretty good. I like that it had avocado in it too. My mom got catfish which turned out to be a deep fried fillet, but it was still good. They offer a lot of sides so she got coleslaw and glazed sweet potatoes. That was tasty. I got the baby back ribs and chicken combo with mash and baked beans. The ribs were sooo good, the meat just fell off the bone and it was so juicy. The chicken was ok, I thought it was going to be BBQ chicken, but it was more like roasted chicken, I wasn't a fan of the herbal rub on it. The mashed potatoes were alright, as were the baked beans. I think I like the sweeter baked beans like from armadillo willy's better, this one tasted more like chili. The service was good, and overall I think my family was happy with their food. Maybe we lucked out with good service and decent food. The lady next to us ordered catfish and got chicken tenders. They ended up comping that to her which was nice. Too bad they didn't bring my mom the wrong order for her catfish. Then I'd give them five stars
4	We're not natives, but come out for spring training each year and stumbled into Charleston's on one of our trips about four years ago. The price, ambiance, and service make this a must-see every time we go. A fantastic menu with food that really outstrips the price, Charleston's reminds me of what the mostly-defunct Houston's chain should have been, if they hadn't had such steep prices.Reservations accepted, and they might be needed on busy nights.
4	Best Baked Potato Soup ever! I went here last night with the GF and my folks. Everybody really liked what they had. The GF got prime rib. I have never seen a piece of Prime Rib so thick. It was good. Mom got the Chicken Piccata. Two chicken breast artichoke hearts, asparagus, lemon, and capers. She loved it. Dad got the Rib & Chicken combo. This plate is amazing. The ribs were good and had some of the best BBQ sauce I have ever had. The chicken that comes with it is huge and really really good and you get two pieces. This meal could easly be split by two people. Im so going back for this meal. I got the special of the night which was Rainbow Trout Blackened and served with rice, veggies, and salad which I subed for soup. This fish was great and again a huge portion. It was a whole fish. For dessert we got the Bread Pudding. This is THE BEST BREAD PUDDING I Have EVER HAD. My dad is a bread pudding connoisseur and it is the best he has ever had. The presentation was great and the taste even better. So overall everyone very happy, very full cause they do not short you on food here. I will be back for that rib & chicken combo and of course the bread pudding. Its just that good. Service was great. The wait on a Friday night at 7 pm was only ten min. The prices range from $15-25 for entrees. The rib and chicken combo was only $18. So worth it. The atmosphere is comfortable and warm.
4	I swear I had one of the best Reuben sandwiches ever. It was packed with corned beef, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese layered between two buttery rye slices and thousand island dressing on the side. Along with hot crispy french fries. Man I was in caloric heaven LOL. I could only eat half of my sandwich as it really was packed with all of the above. My coworkers all seemed to enjoy their meal with majority of them getting the special of the day which was a roast beef sandwich in which the roast beef was piled high between some of the biggest buttery croissants I have ever seen. Another coworker got the chicken strip salad and while three more got the chicken avocado sandwich. I am telling you, they did not skimp on the servings that is for sure. The prices were decent for lunch and service was fantabulous. I will definitely be coming back again and trying dinner soon.
4	Excellent Food at a reasonable price served in a great ambiance.Waiter forgot our appetizers, offered to make amends.
4	I really like this place.  The food is outstanding.  Reasonable but really good.  I ordered the parmesan crusted chicken and it was delicious. For $12 dollars it's a lot of food.  Came with a small salad, pasta and two 6 ounce chicken breasts.  I would certainly order this again.  If you like baked potatoes this is also the place for you. They know how to make them here.  I like crunchy shells on the outside of my baked potato and that's just how they make them. It's not a fancy place but has a cute bar area and food has consistently been good every time I go there.  Con: seating available outside but it overlooks the parking lot.
5	I have been eating here for 10 years now.BEST BABY BACK RIBS IN TOWN!!!  these babies are fall off the bone and delicious.  I have a smoker and rarely buy BBQ out of my home. I can't duplicate these at all, and I've tried. The salad that comes beforehand has a croissant drizzled with honey on it.  half rack is available too, just have to ask.beautiful decor, casual but classy at the same time. I've had most of their menu and never had a bad meal.  Try the appetizer happy hour deals.  the SHRIMP CARGOT is incredible and really hits the spot on a cold winter eve.Lastly, no matter what you order, try the BURGUNDY MUSHROOMS for your side dish if you like mushrooms.  They are 1 of a kind and super tasty. Enjoy, tell 'em IKE sent ya.
4	Great menu!!! Lots of food. The prime rib, ribs, catfish, side salads, shrimp cargo- ALL DELISH! What I also like about Charlestons are the children's menu, very reasonable and they give a lot of food for the price. We love this place!! Waiters are also really nice and work hard for their tips!
4	One of the better chains in town. Their ribs are excellent, as is the potato soup. I also like the dark upscale atmosphere - very much like a Houston's. Top notch staff - the service here is impeccable.
4	Can't ask for more from a weekday dinner!  Affordable and classy aren't usually used in the same sentence, but this place just about pulls it off.  From the fire place upon entering, to the darker wood decor in the dining room, and the $18 sirloin with a huge baked potato, you really can't go wrong.  My wife and I had 3 drinks a couple of salads, and our own entrees and got out of there for under $75 tip included.  Best of all, we left feeling like we didn't eat at a frozen food chain like Applebee's.
4	I came here with my parents and a friend on a break from the Scottsdale horse show last weekend.  The atmosphere is more upscale than I'd expected, but prices didn't seem too exorbitant.I had the smoked chicken spinach salad, and it was delicious.  The dressing was tasty, the roasted peppers were a good addition, and the chicken was well-cooked.  I was expecting it to be a little more like a pasta salad based on the description, but I ended up really liking it.  Plus, the croissant it came with was absolutely amazing.  My parents split the chicken ciabatta sandwich and said it was great.  They also both got a cup of the clam chowder and liked it, but said it wasn't fantastic.  My friend got a reuben and enjoyed it, but loved the potato soup.  They had a decent beer selection and were great with water and other drink refills.I'd definitely go back.  And order something that came with/on a croissant.
4	Went here last night with the Grandparents and feel compelled to write a review. I don't normally review chain restaurants, for obvious reasons, but Charleston's is a touch above the rest, and my 4 star rating is a comparison to other chain restaurants. I've been here many times and really have liked everything I've had. From the salads, to the soups, to the roasted chicken I had last night, everything has met and exceeded my expectations. I especially love the croissants and often we ask for basket for the table. The service is great as well, really friendly waitstaff, who ensure your order is taken promptly, you get refills when needed, and your food is serviced hot. All in all a great chain restaurant amongst many that are disappointing.
5	My family loves coming here!  I have also come for lunch with friends and brought out of town guests here for several meals.It is pretty upscale and the service is always stellar.  My husband likes to order a couple of baskets of the delicious croissants to start.  They are light and flaky and my kids can't get enough!He usually gets baked potato soup and the French Dip sandwich.  My kids like that as well, but will sometimes order the chicken strips.  I  highly reccomend the Champagne Chicken Salad.  It is the best!! I have also tried the chicken and bbq ribs and that has been outstanding as well.  The last time I was there I ordered the Grilled Salmon with glazed carrots.  I will never order anything ever again.  This was my favorite meal there, hands down!Charleston's is a restaurant that we all enjoy!
4	Aagh!  I'm not supposed to like Charleston's!  So unhip.  So AARP.  Yet I keep coming back.  For a rare lunch date.  For dinner with my incredibly picky family who each can find something they like on the menu.  For Happy Hour and a decent wine list at crazy low prices.  For those days I just want a light dinner.  For the good service with no sign of the usual NoScottsdale attitude.But it's a chaaaaiiiinn!  And tonight it looked like the adjunct dining room for the local Senior Center. - I kid you not, 80% Seniors.  And it's yet another Houston's clone, and I'm even a bit tired of Houston's (ok, Hillside or whatever the heck they're calling it nowadays).I give.  I really do like Charleston's!  (Insert Sam-I-Am reference here)  Is this what my parents felt when they admitted they liked Country Kitchen?
5	Went for the first time last night and the ribs were incredible - the concept reminded me of Houston's, but much better pricing and good atmosphere.  The service from the time you walked in the door to at the table was exceptional.  Look forward to going back.
5	Fantastic place I had a wonderful time. The service was quick and the food was delicious! I especially enjoyed the spinach dip. Our waiter was sweet and gracious. I will definitely be coming back again!
2	Tried Charleston's for lunch recently.  It was later and not too busy.  As mentioned by other reviewers, this place definitely attracts a Senior Crowd - wheelchairs, walkers, etc are right at home here. We ordered a hamburger w/ fries and a prime rib french dip w/ baked beans.  French dip was good but not stellar and at $17 I expected to be knocked off my seat, beans were nothing to rave about either.  They have only one menu for lunch & dinner, our total for the above w/ 1 soda came to $31, pricey in my opinion.Our waitress did a decent job until the end of our meal when she apparently left on vacation.  We waited for atleast 10 minutes before finally grabbing someone else to request our bill.  Our waitress finally returned with no apologies and a pitch for dessert - no thanks.  I won't be in a hurry to return.
4	My neighbor wanted to come here for dinner.  I had not been in a long while. We both had the ribs and I must admit, they were very good.  Tender and they fell off the bone. Fries were good.  Our server talked us into the banana cream pie, so we split.  After tasting it, I should have ordered my own.  Oh well.
4	We stopped in while in Phoenix, having no idea this was a chain resto. We were extremely impressed with the atmosphere, food and service. Service in particular was excellent. Our young man server was very sweet and pleasant.Yes, it's a bit older and family oriented, but the roomy seats and good acoustics provided a private, good for conversation, feel to our dinner.I had a huge chicken salad so good I could have it every day. My peeps all had ribs which they loved.Dear Charleston's, Come to New York!
5	Daughter and I have been wanting to check this place out since we seen one in Mesa! So the family was in the area. (picking mommy's necklace up at Tiffany's) Noticed on the way to the FWY there was a Charleston's. I have checked this place out on the web, and only thought this was just a ribs, and burger joint. Something we all have been to. Boy was I wrong! I ordered their grilled pork chops, with garlic mash, and glazed carrots. Pork chops were awesome, cooked will done, with garlic and butter on top. I would order again anytime. Their garlic mash was very good, and mommy loved the glazed carrots. Daughter had the 1/2 ribs with fries, the meat was just falling off the bones, had plenty of meat. Wife had a cheese burger, with a salad. She loved the salad, and burger was good. Overall we had a great time, it does cost a little bit more. But it was well worth it!!
2	Seems like man agent needs to shake things up.  We ate there sat. Night, very crowded, food good for price. Went back with another couple Sunday, and it was totally different. Not crowded, no wait for a table. The waitress informed us of the things they were" out of" at 7 pm on Sunday. Several entree choices and no more baked potatoes. So we ordered around that and the mgr came out and apologized for the screw ups and said that now they were out of mashed potatoes too and he was embarrassed that this was happening. So we opted for a different side. Food was pretty good, but it took an hour to get it. Our waitress would leave to get the answer to a question,( is there still meat for a French dip) and it took her 15 mins to retun.  The fastest service we got was when we received our bill. Sorry won't be back.
4	Yum, yum, yum!My mom, aunt and I came here for a nice dinner and drinks and that is exactly what we got! We tried the margarita, flirtini and peach (the name escapes me) drinks and they were awesome. Well mixed, unique and very tasty! We ordered the guacamole and chips and while it wasn't bad, there was definitely something missing. I salted it and it helped a little but the guac had very little flavor. Skip it. My mom ordered the Rueben said it was "fabulous". They leave the dressing on the side which is nice as it keeps the bread from getting soggy.My aunt ordered the sirloin and said it was cooked perfectly. She substituted glazed carrots for her side and was very pleased with them. Thumbs up all around.We will definitely be back here again. Great service, fair prices for the large portions, great food and a nice outdoor patio- you can't go wrong!
4	Our family eats here everytime we come to Scottsdale. Food is good as is the service.
5	Ribs are excellent as is the chicken picatta! Sizes are huge portions! Wish I could've substituted garlic mashed in for fettucine on the Chicken Picatta, but still great! Chicken fried steak is huge, but could do without half the berating. Great peppery taste though! Better come hungry!
3	This is a good solid place for an american dinner.  Their menu is available at their website.Our family came in after a long flight from Minnesota, pretty tired.  The concierge at our resort aimed us at Charleston's and comped us an appetizer.  We were in at sevenish on a Friday night.  Four adults and a baby had a choice of 10-15 minutes for inside or immediate patio.  We went for the patio.  We chose Shrimp Cargot for the appetizer; a half-dozen garlic-buttered shrimp in a snail tray covered with havarti cheese.  it was OK, but I think I would have preferred it with the regular ecargot bourgignon treatment.  Lots of garlic butter to sop up from the holes.  I started out with their "PERFECT MARGARITA AZUL REPOSADO TEQUILA,COINTREAU, GRAND MARNIER.  It was served in a huge martini glass, with the shaker left with me for some dregs to boot.  Very tasty, indeed, and a heck of an attitude improver for seven bucks.I had a bowl of potato soup, which was very passable.  I then had their CHICKEN FRIED STEAK SEASONED AND BREADED WITH A BLACK PEPPER CHIPOTLE GRAVY SERVED WITH GARLIC MASHED POTATOES AND SWEET-GLAZED CARROTS.  The chicken-fried steak was huge and tasty, and the gravy was good, although I don't recall much chipotle.  My wife had a bite and thought it was a bit tough, but I had no problem with it.  The sides were huge, too.  I finished the steak and potatoes, but couldn't eat more than half the carrots.  Considering that the one-year-old cutest grandbaby that ever was was wild for them, we brought them home.   The baby happily munched whatever we shared with her.On the whole, it was a good cut above your average chain like Applebees or TGIFriday's.The service was very pleasant and attentive without being obtrusive.Before the tip, including the margarita and soft drinks around, and with the appetizer comped, the after tax was a very reasonable $77.  We got more than full value for it, and we'd be more than happy to return.
3	Huge portions-I was happy to split a meal with my mom. We had a Chicken Club salad-which was more than enough for both of us. Came with a croissant too...just to make sure it wasn't TOO healthy of a pick.My husband had a club sandwich and devoured it-and we had a side of mushrooms-because mushrooms are good. And they were.My dad also got a side of carrots-which the one-year-old was very excited about. Nice place...but there are too many other places out there to go again.
4	Once again the ratings on yelp came through. Tried Charleston's, the food was great. Went with the fried catfish. Very tasty and good portions. No room for dessert.  The price was reasonable.  There was a nice ambiance, and the service was very good. If I have time I'd like to go back.
4	The salmon Cesar salad is awesome. Nice environment for lunch or dinner. I eat here a few times a year and have never been disappointed.
3	OK place. Like others of the same ilk: Cheddar's, O'Charleys, Chili's, TGIFriday's, etc., but a more varied menu than Chili's or TGIFriday's. Gripe: Draft beers were $5 each with meal and salads were $14, very pricey we think. However, daughter and I split a Walt's Champaigne Chicken Salad since they are huge. The men had chicken fried steak and had leftovers for a box. Grandson liked the kid's ribs. Food was good. Baked potato soup was excellent, as was their gumbo. Server was good, food brought in a timely manner.
4	I ate here with my parents recently, and we all thought the food was delicious.  I ordered the salmon Caesar salad, which I loved.  It had complex layers of flavor and was cooked properly.  I wish I lived close enough to go back often.  My dad ordered the roasted chicken and thought it was very juicy and tender. The mushrooms were delicious as well as the several sides of vegetables my stepmom ordered.  I highly recommend eating here!
4	Always a treat!  When in Scottsdale, eating here at least once is a must.  The food is top quality and very well prepared.  A great place for upscale comfort food!
1	I came to Charleston's because of the big salads in their tv commercials. Boy was this a disappointment. The atmosphere is awful - really dark and heavy in the inside. The patio was closed, for no good reason. I should have known I was in for a bad meal based on the percentage of senior citizens dining...there wasn't a single person other than myself and my fiance under 50 dining there.  All the entree salads have meat in them. I asked for an entree-sized house salad, sub blue cheese for the bacon. Our server said "well the house salad isn't served in the big entree sized bowls, it's served in side-sized bowl, but it's the same amount of food". I, of course, gave her a surprised look and asked for clarification because that statement obviously doesn't sound correct. She repeated and said "trust me". Well my salad came out and it was a small handful of lettuce (for $6) and I was charged an additional $2 for a small amount of blue cheese, which she did not disclose when I ordered. Anyone over the age of 10 knows that you aren't going to get the same amount of food that comes in a giant bowl in a tiny bowl. I knew it didn't sound right but how can I argue with the server? So $8 for about 3 bites of mediocre food...should have gone a block down the street to Paradise Bakery for an $8 big salad.Ugh, avoid this place.
3	Nothing to write home about.  Okay burger.
5	Awesome patio!  Huge portions!
5	I can only speak for the hamburgers and the baby back ribs/chicken combo but the food, for the most part, was amazing. The chicken was a bit dry in the combo but the ribs were delicious. The ambiance of the place is nice too.Surprisingly, the price for hamburgers were cheap, about 10-15 bucks each I believe, with sides. I would definitely recommend this place for dinner. Whether you want just a nice burger or something else.
4	Enjoyed a nice dinner here with friends recently.  We sat in a booth and enjoyed a couple of glasses of Wine before dinner.  After browsing the menu, I decided to go with:Spinach & Artichoke Dip, $10BBQ Baby Back Ribs (w/Fries & Beans), $22The Spinach & Artichoke Dip was pretty good.  We shared the dish between 4 people and it was enough for all of us.The Baby Back Ribs were pretty good.  They fell right off the bone, just how I like them.  I wouldn't say they were the best I've ever had, but they were pretty good.The service was very good as well.  The server realized that we were there to enjoy each other's company, so she didn't rush us.  She also made sure our glasses of Wine were never empty....a good way to stay on my good side!Return Factor - 85%
5	The service is great!The ribs are to die for!  The baked potato soup is wonderful!  Best veggies ever with the ribs!
5	best prime rib going! Hands down. excellent service and food is just great!
4	I got the chicken, bacon, avocado ciabatta sandwich and fried okra.  The sandwich was amazing and the okra was some of the better okra I've had. I really liked the ambiance of the place. There are real gas lamps on the brick walls, the table was big and round and the restaurant was dimly lit which gave it a cozy feel. The server was very nice but the food took a while to get to us, considering how slow it was that night.
3	Is it just me, or does this restaurant's decor just scream "If you are eating here, you must qualify for social security and an early bird dining discount!"  I felt like I was definitely out of my element (ahhh it is nice to be young still!).  Luckily, I had brought my parents along for the meal, so they fit in just fine.The food was pretty good, considering it is a chain restaurant, but there was only one meal that was really worth writing home about.  Ahhhhhhh Chicken Fried Steak!  It was topped with an amazing green chile gravy.  I could take a hot bath in that delicious stuff... mmm!   My meal probably could've served a family of four, especially with the heaping side of chipotle mashed potatoes!  That pile of spuds was as big as a softball!  Not that I'm complaining! The other meals were not quite as memorable... a salad... a sandwich... nothing that stood out (obviously, I can't remember the details!).  All I know is that I'm glad I'm the one who ordered the chicken fried steak.  Let's be honest - you can never really go wrong with that entree anywhere!
5	Consistent and excellent. You have to try their ribs, I really think they are the best in town.
5	I do not frequent big chain restaurants as a rule but I do like Charleston's. I usually like to eat in the bar area, very relaxed, great servers. I like the Chicken Club Salad, but I get it with roasted chicken that has a smokey flavor. It is served with a warm croissant and the garlic dressing is the best. The French Dip sandwich is excellent, lean, hot and served on a great roll. The spinach, artichoke dip is exceptional. All in all this is a great place for lunch or dinner.
4	Food is good. Sat in the bar and the bartenders are nice.
2	The food here is very good but the snotty hostesses are rude I waited 10 minutes to give our name because they wee busy talking to guys. Never coming to this location again
2	Welcome to an excellent case study in why a nice property in a desirable, high-traffic location would be more than half empty during dinner.  Exhibit A: Three empty-headed hostesses so busy bantering wittily with themselves that it took them over two minutes to acknowledge my existence.  Exhibit B: I ordered a glass of Pinot and it tasted like it had been opened sometime during prior year.  I mentioned to bartender who said "no, I just opened it" rather than offering a replacement.  And what a Happy Hour: $1 off -- can they spare it?  Dinner portions were excellent, but food was mediocre, other than the super croissants: warm and delicious, but nowhere near enough to make up for the rest of the experience.  With so many other superb options in Scottsdale, I can't see this place lasting another year.  Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere.
4	I've had two great meals here. I really enjoy their Reuben sandwich and I LOVE their cole slaw. Best slaw I've ever eaten and the Rueben comes with two ample dill pickle chunks. Our first time there we had a hot artichoke dip but didn't like that it was served with tortilla chips. Pita chips would have been a better choice. The hostesses are pleasant and the wait staff is attentive. I enjoy the brick and gas light decor and leather booth seating. It's a place you can take your mom.
5	I always get the Chicken Ciabatta sandwich. Smoked chicken, havarti, peppers and chipotle. Sooo good! Nice casual atmosphere.
4	I come here for their ribs. I've tried ribs and barbecue in a lot of places. This place is on top of my list. Their side dishes are great as well.
1	We had a horrible experience this evening. My husband ordered the prime rib and I ordered the Mahi Mahi, certainly some of the more expensive items on the menu, which were mediocre. I asked the waitress if I could have a salad instead of a side and she said yes and that if I wanted a side in addition it would be a $2 addition. I told her just to substitute with the salad, no side. I should add that when they first opened a salad was included with the meal. When our food arrived, there was a side of veggies which I did not order.During our meal, the waitress stood at another table talking with friends or relatives the entire time we were there. At one point, she asked if we needed another drink and my husband said he would like some water. She took his glass and went back to talking to the other table.Finally, when we got our bill, of course, we were charged $2 for a side. When I asked about it, she basically told us it was for the salad in addition to the side. I pointed out that no side had been ordered. She did not even attempt to address our concerns.We have been going to this restaurant since it opened, but will not return. It is unbelievable that when paying $75 for dinner, a waitress could behave this way and no one told her to get back to her job. Certainly, the $2 is not the issue, but this place seems to just keeps raising prices, cutting back on what is included, and now does not seem to think that good service is important.
5	Another great time at Charleston's. Ordered the ribs and they are about the best I have had. Even the carrots are good here. Bread pudding A+. Excellent combination of good food, service, and atmosphere make an evening at Charleston's a smart choice.
5	This is a favorite stop for us any night of the week, definintely one of those reastaurants where you can count on consistency in both food and service.
4	First the bad: Atmosphere was dark and intimate, however the loud pop music playing in the back round was a bit strange for such a dark and elegant restaurant. We felt like the music belonged in an Applebee's. The water that was served tastes like it came out of 50 foot garden hose. I would expect at least filtered water in such an upscale place. We had to order a bottle water. The Good: Menu had a great selection, we chose a $13 salad and a $20 chicken n ribs platter. Then we ordered the clam chowder for an appetizer. Soup was AMAZING! More meat than potatoes. The salad and the dinner entree was a nice size and tasty. We asked ahead for a half order but they would not accommodate :-/Service was excellent from the moment the doors were opened for us until we left. Waiter was very accommodating and nice. Overall nice place...
5	Employees here are so nice... Food is great... Atmosphere is A1. I cannot complain about anything. Will definitely come here again.
4	My friends daughter works here so we ate here on her evening off. Seems a very popular place with a dark interior that could probably use some sprucing up. Reminds me a lot of your typical chain place but the food was reasonably priced and the wait staff top notch. I had one of the burgers and baked beans. My burger topped with cheese, Canadian bacon and chopped onions. They enjoyed the shrimp linguini which looked good as well.We also shared an appetizer of spinach dip which was enough for all of us.Management seemed great and the bathrooms clean. Overall great experience and a mid-low price place that isn't too hard on the budget.
4	We ordered the ribs from here to go and I could not be happier. Exactly what the other reviews stated, the meat just fell off the bone. This will definitely be my go to ribs place. Good thing I don't crave them too often cause they are a bit expensive.
4	I have always seen the great reviews about Charleston's and always wanted to try it but it just reminded me of a Bennigans which I cannot stand but I finally decided to give this place a shot.. I sat at the bar for lunch which was empty but I didn't mind since I got served right away. I went with what the waitress suggested which was the ribs and I am glad I did. These ribs were cooked perfectly and the meat just fell right off the bones. There baked beans were also amazing especially since I am not a fan of them I actually enjoyed Charleston's baked beans and there fries were crispy and good. I tried there Perfect margarita but it wasn't perfect since it mostly consisted of margarita mix which I can see considering this place isn't a Mexican restaurant. But overall I was impressed with Charleston's and will probably be back.
5	My wife and I went to Charleston's on Sunday. We started with the grilled chicken salad with dried fruit and split an order of the ribs. Charleston's is my favorite restaurant in the valley the ribs are to die for. The sauce is wonderful and the shoestring french fries I can't get enough of. The service is always consistent and very attentive I would eat there seven nights a week if I didn't live in Surprise. I give very few restaurants five stars but this is the best. Can't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant and their desserts are delectable too. Can't wait until my next visit!
2	OK, I have been a regular customer for a number of years. However since the snowbirds came to Arizona for the Winter I have had two negative experiences. The last one was last week. Arrived late, 8:30PM, so it was not busy. Ate in the bar and we ordered the prime rib and rib dinner. We waited forever after we ordered and would probably still be there if I had not flagged down the server. Once dinner arrived, my prime rib was mostly fat and what was not fat was raw...not under cooked but raw. Then my baked potato did not come and when I brought it to the servers attention, she freaked out, ran off to get it and brought it back right before we were ready to leave! The ribs were over cooked and dry. This horrid experience was brought to the servers attention and she just smiled and walked away. I think I need a break from Charleston's. Now with all the tourists in ton they don't need my business but in the Summer when things slow down, maybe someone will realize that it is the locals who keep you going. Big difference from my July 203 review....Oh yeah, it was the Summertime.
5	Very  very  nice  spot  great  food.
5	OMG. What a great find. My wife and I found Charleston across from where we were staying in Scottsdale for a golf trip. Service, ambience and food were all excellent. We enjoyed the gumbo and my wife liked her grilled trout. We liked it so much that we ordered some take out after golf to take back to the hotel.
4	We went to Charlestons late Saturday night and ordered a little bit of everything. The quacamole was delicious but I don't see why they put it on shredded lettuce because that sort of ruined the consistency of the quac for me. The baked potato soup is always perfection. The steak had great flavor, we ordered it medium and it was more medium well but still tasty. The server was attentive but not overwhelming and the manager stopped by to thank us for coming in. We always enjoy our experiences at all of the Charlestons locations and will keep coming back!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! Nice atmosphere, good service, great food!! I would definitely go here again and again :)
5	Food was delicious. I had the meatloaf and the brown tomato gravy on top was fantastic. Hubby had the Catfish and said it was great. Large portions...we didn't finish. Server was very attentive.
5	Such a family restaurant!  The spinach dip is the best I've ever had! The staff is excellent and the atmosphere is elegant but casual. I've been many times over the past ten years and I've never ordered something I haven't liked and they just get better and better!
4	We were looking to try something new in the area and this was one of our many bookmarked places that had some great Yelp! feedback, so away we went! The restaurant itself was really nicely laid out and had plenty of space for groups from small to large. We were seated right away and our server let us know he'd be with us shortly.  After looking over the menu for a bit, we both decided on our picks. I opted for the Hickory burger with a side of the baked potato soup, which was the soup of the day special. The burger was cooked to the medium I ordered, and had two healthy sized slices of Canadian bacon on top of it. The shredded cheddar was the big winner for me on this burger. The portion sizes are huge here, so be prepared to eat a ton, or get a box!Our server was really nice and took the time to answer a couple questions we had about the menu since both the husband and I have food allergies. The pricing is a bit high for options other than burgers / sandwiches, but the portion sizes are huge and the service is great, so for a nice date night out, it's a good option!Overall: AGood burger, nice server, and huge portions!
4	As my wife mentioned in her post, we were looking to try something new in the area and this was one of our many bookmarked places that had some great Yelp! feedback, so we decided to give it a try. The restaurant itself was really nicely laid out and had plenty of space for groups from small to large.  I really liked the design, with exposed bricks, flame sconces, and heavy wood beams.  It has a very homey, cozy, earthy feel to it. We were seated right away and our server let us know he'd be with us shortly.  After looking over the menu for a bit, we both decided on our picks. I chose the country fried steak with carrots and fries.  The portions were enormous!  The breading on the steak was a bit much for my personal tastes, but it was flavorful and otherwise well prepared.  The fries were crisp shoe-strings, somewhere between McDonald's and Steak 'n Shake in size (but far superior otherwise).  The carrots were perfectly cooked and had a nice glaze on them.  Over all very good, and more than I could eat!My wife selected the Hickory burger with a side of the baked potato soup (the soup of the day special). The burger was cooked to the medium she ordered, and had two healthy sized slices of Canadian bacon on top of it. It was loaded with shredded cheddar. Our server was helpful and took the time to answer a couple questions we had about the menu since we both have food allergies, even if it meant going to find the answer. The pricing is a bit high for options other than burgers / sandwiches, but the portion sizes are huge and the service is great, so for a nice date night out, it's a good option!
4	Followed other yelpers and had the ribs, salad and baked potato soup. Ribs were a huge hit. Baked potato soup was delicious and very filling. Croissant was also delicious. The service was awesome. Your cup will never be empty!
4	wow, who cold have thought a chain restaurant could service up such good food?  went here based on the Yelp reviews and it did not disappoint.. Service was excellent, ribs, potato soup and key lime pie were all outstanding.  The only reason it is not a 5 is their  "perfect Margarita"  was anything but perfect... tasteless .. would not order again...  Prices were great too.. Definitely would eat here again!!!
5	We came here (22 of us) to surprise my mom for her birthday. We already love Charleston's for their food and service but they were able to accommodate my huge family and Brittany and Kevin did a wonderful job! I've been a server for many years and they did a top notch job dealing with such a large group. I never saw an empty glass all of our dishes came out right, plates were cleared in a timely manner and they even cut the cake, served it and washed the cake holder for me! Normally chain restaurants tend to let me down with poor customer service and unprofessional servers but Charleston's truly impressed us. Thank you so much for a great evening!
1	My son and I went to Charleston's for the first time last week.  It was a little after 8 pm and there were two other tables occupied. First of all, although the waitress was very nice, she had no idea about their menu...she did not know whether their filet was filet mignon or not.  We asked for bread (which they do not give to you unless you ask...tacky) and sat there for ten minutes waiting for it....finally flagged down another server and then our waitress brought it over. I ordered a prime rib end cut and my son got the filet.  His filet was fine-not great, but okay. For the VERY first time in my life, I had to send back a meal- I just do not send things back... I make do, make mental notes and move on. The end cut was the worst thing I have ever seen! I have NEVER been served something like this in my life! It was like an end cut of a slab of stew meat. It was very thick, no fat or marbling (which is what makes the end cut so delicious and horrible for you) and it was so dry that I LITERALLY had trouble swallowing my first and only bite. Oh, and it was warm/cool, not hot (which really didnt matter, because it was not edible).  They brought me a steak instead and sadly, it was a thin sad looking steak that one might see at Dennys or some such establishment and it had some sort of gravy on it...didnt taste like the kind of steak one expects at a place that boasts about their steaks; I brought it home for my dogs.  Perhaps their burgers are better, but we will NEVER go back there. It was literally the worst dining I have had in over 10 years!!
5	Try the Barbecue Baby Back Ribs!! It's absolutely FANTASTIC!! The meat is so tasty and tender, the beans and the baked potato are delicious!! It's a nice pretty cheap steakhouse, I definitely recommend it! :-)
5	The food was on point and the atmosphere was great. I had the Short Salmon plate and my wife the Baby Back Ribs. Both were delicious but the salmon took the cake in my opinion. Portions were perfect and they even allow substitutions for the sides. This place is highly recommended!
5	We started with spinach artichoke dip which was so good! It was a must have.  I had the shrimp scampi,  which was the best I've ever had. My husband got a Ruben sandwich,  he loved it. It was a quiet atmosphere,  service was great and it wasn't too expensive. Worth every penny.
5	Ate an early supper here today in between hours of Christmas shopping.  We checked it on Yelp and saw that it averaged 4 stars.  It should have 5!  Great food, well prepared, fresh ingredients.  Attentive and sincere service.  Wonderfully warm, low light atmosphere.  My only gripe about today' meal pertains to our cocktails . . . both Manhattan's . .  . both watered down.Beyond that my pork chops were incredible, perfectly grilled and served with some spectacular BBQ beans and outrageously wonderful garlic mashed potatoes.  My wife's blackened talapia was likewise grilled to perfection and accompanied by a colorfully tasty medley of fresh seasonal veggies.We were completely satisfied with the portions but not uncomfortable though we opted against dessert which I will have to sample another day as I am a long standing fan of bread pudding.This was our first visit here but it certainly won't be the last.  They have a varied and reasonably priced menu with plenty of appealing dishes from hamburgers to soups and salad.  It's an upscale, cozy eatery without being pretentious or over the top.  Great find.  Glad we tried it.
4	Excellent food and great that they can accommodate large parties the fries are so good you have to eat them all.
4	Good Food. Good Service. Romantic atmosphere. Took the family (kids = 1 and 3) for NYE had a very early reservation. Tried for 545pm but told only option was 4pm. We were one of 5 tables at that time and when we left at 520 it was still pretty open. With the low customer volume at the time we had great service. Really good with the kids. The food came out as ordered and tasted wonderful.
4	Another great Yelp find! They are a step up from the Outback type restaurants with the delicious food of a more pricier steakhouse without the pretension. Everything we ordered was fantastic. Their steaks were done perfectly (not something many restaurants do well) and their garlic mashed potatoes were phenomenal. Make sure to try their baked potato soup... It's to die for!
5	Wow, this is a very good restaurant. Four of us went to dinner this evening, I had their grilled salmon and asparagus. The portion was big and it had a delicious smoky flavor, they gave me so much asparagus I couldn't eat it all. Two of my companions at stake which they both said were excellent. The third had a rotisserie chicken, and he's a picky eater and he liked it a lot. This is the fifth time I've been to this restaurant and it has been excellent every time. Our waiter Mike did a fantastic job of staying on top of everything. the atmosphere is very good and the overall feeling and service is excellent.I can hardly wait to go back.
