5	If your into good health for your pets, this is were to shop!!!From Food to Vitamins to toys...I buy from here & they have FREE Delivery if you don't want to drive.The girls are great!! I have been buying from Goober for the past 5+ years & have seen them grow from a little office to a big gigantic warehouse....also in there building is Gabriels Angels....sign up to volunteer if you go....This place carries what the "big pet stores" dont...i feed my dogs holistically & I buy lots of products from GooberThey have Wellness, Solid Gold, Azmira, California Natural & I can go on & on....check out the website or give them a call...
5	EXCELLENT service for a good price.We recently found Goober when we switched our dog's food to Evo, which is a high-end, "6 star", all natural dog food.  Well the problem was there were only about 4 places here in the valley that sold it.  I knew Goober had free next-day delivery and assumed the "Free" was built into the price of the food and I would pay more per bag for this "free" service.  Well, after calling every store that sold it, I found that a couple of them had it for a few bucks less per bag, BUT, when I calculated the cost of gasoline to get there and back (not even speaking about cost of time), they were actually the exact same price as Goober.  Some places were selling it for the same price as Goober right off the bat, with gasoline they were higher.  So for the same price, and next day delivery, I decided to give Goober a shot.I called them up and was helped by one of the nicest people I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with.  She was extremely knowledgeable about their products, and very friendly.  She set up my account and said my food would be there the next day.  Well the next day my food arrived with a complimentary baggie of dog treats... nice touch.Re-ordering my food literally takes 1 minute... I call.. give my name, say "same order", and "same credit card", then "bye".  Next day my dog food is at my front door.  It couldn't be easier.You can order on their website (which is a good eCommerce site, not janky), or over the phone, whatever you want.  They're local, family owned, and I highly recommend them.  I understand you can drive over to Mesa to their store and shop/buy, but I've never been there so I can't speak to that... but with good prices, free delivery, and a good website, I doubt I'll ever go there.  :)
5	This has got to be the most awesome pet store ever. They deliver high end quality pet food all around the valley for free! However, if you pick it up in their store in west Mesa, they give you a 10% discount!I've been getting their food delivered or picking it up for my dogs for 3 years now. They're wonderful.They carry top of the line natural dog food (cat and other animals too) like Innova (EVO), California Natural, Canidae, etc. They also carry some brands you can purchase at your local pet food store. There aren't many places around the Phoenix area that carry the highest end dog food or if they do, they don't deliver, or they're far from where I live. Goober's prices are right and the staff is always very courteous and friendly. You can also order online now, and even schedule delivery for the same time every month when you run out of food so you'll never accidentally forget to call.The only thing I wished is that they would carry Orijen. I've wanted to see how my dogs do on the food but since they don't carry it and I'm too lazy to go to another place, it'll have to wait.
5	I am SO thankful I found these people!!!  The selection is super and the customer service is above and beyond.  We put in an order and the next day, like magic, it appears the next day at our back door.  If you have pets (especially several) I highly recommend utilizing this great service.
5	-Answers the phone on the first or second ring (check) -The person who answers the phone can actually help you (check) -The same person pulls up your account and purchase history within seconds (check) -They keep your preferred credit card on file and don't ask you to verify the number and expiration date each time (check) -Delivers your order for free the same day or next day (check) I've been ordering dog food from Goober for several years now and their customer service is so good....honestly, 5 stars is not enough.
5	So, the doorbell just rang and Peekaboo barked excitedly. It was the friendly Goober Pet Direct delivery man! So soon? I just ordered dog food last night!Yup, two bags of the Solid Gold Wee bits arrived as ordered, along with two unexpected free bags of dog biscuits (about 40 in all), a stack of business cards and a few magnets. Who knew? This was my first order so I was pleasantly surprised. I had gotten a flyer and $10 gift certificate at the Paws in the Park event at the Chaparral Dog Park last Saturday. So those two 4 lb bags of small breed dog food made with fresh bison meat, only cost me $15. Peekaboo had gobbled the sample pack like treats. Unfortunately, she hasn't touched any of the new food yet, but she's probably not hungry.I read in one of the reviews that the store in Mesa will give you 10% off if you pick up your order. With the price of gas today, I'm sticking with their free, convenient, same/next day door to door delivery. 5 stars!!
5	I found the solution to one of the biggest problems I encounter living car-free in Phoenix:  Goober Pet Direct!  It's hard to schlep a huge bag of dog food on the light rail!  I was introduced to Goober by the Gabriel's Angels volunteer who visited one of the Head Start centers where I work.  I looked them up on line, and discovered to my delight that they carry the food I feed Tallullah (Blue Buffalo Wilderness Salmon).  I ordered on Saturday, and the food was delivered Monday afternoon.  It came with a "new member welcome kit" (pet magazine, refrigerator magnets, catalog, refer-a-friend cards) and two bags of free bones for Tallullah.  The delivery man was friendly and they are locally-owned (Whoo-hoo!).  Plus, they donate a small percentage of your order to local pet non-profits.  I gave back to Gabriel's Angels, buy you can also select various rescue groups and shelters.  Shipping is free, and the price is comparable to Petsmart, where I usually buy Tallullah's food.Goober's Pet Direct carries food, treats, toys, supplements, and grooming products for dogs, cats and birds.  I imagine I will use them for all of my pet needs in the future, since my first experience was totally positive.
5	I ordered from Goober Pet Direct after receiving a 10.00 off coupon at a pet expo I attended. I feed my dog Taste of The Wild which is a premium dog food you cannot buy at Petco or Petsmart. I have to go to a specialty pet store to find it, but it is worth it for a grain free 6 star dog food to me. The cheapest I have found a 30lb bag is 44.99 + tax at Pet Club, but after this coupon I was able to get a bag delivered to my door for 44.51 including tax, which is less than I pay to drive out of my way to pet club to purchase a bag myself. Not to mention it came with 2 free bags of treats and another bag of coupons, magnets and 2 dog biscuits. Lola was in heaven. Less than 48 hr turn around even with a sunday in between. I was impressed.  Thanks Goober! :)
5	Great and useful service. With me only having cats though, I wish they'd bring free cat toys instead of free dog biscuits.
5	Placed a second order.  Same timely delivery, same bag of treats and another pet magazine with the order.  Got some ear wipes, as Tallullah suffers from ear schmutz (technical term for the condition), and they make it super-easy to keep her hears clean and sweet-smelling.  C'mon, people!  I KNOW I'm not the only one who smells my dog's ears on a daily basis...
5	I went to the physical location the first time with my dog Foxy to scope out the place.  The store inside is iitttyyy bitttyyy and not worth going to in all honesty, but the staff that work there are REALLY friendly, and helpful.  Foxy eats Evanger's, which is really hard to find, and the only place I knew of that carried it was 20min away from me.      A month later, I run out of dog food....so I call Goober (after research I find they sell Evanger's for the cheapest price) and they delivered it right to me.  I wasn't home so they left it on my front porch along with a pretty large amount of free dog treats for Foxy !  They left their newsletter, some reference cards, and their product list (which is HUUUUGGGEEE) in a bag hanging from my door.  The reference cards you give out will earn you discounts on your next purchase!  Oh of course- I forgot to mention the delivery was completely FREE of charge!!!  I'll never get my dog food anywhere else.
5	GOOBER REALLY IS THE BEST!!  I have NEVER been disappointed.  They have lovely people who answer the phone - - they are always soo helpful (especially Patsy)!  If they don't know an answer to a question I might have, they find out the info and let me  know.  I truly believe they care!  They deliver when they say they are going to and that is nice to find a company soo dependable!    I used to go to Petsmart & Petco to get treats, food & supplements, but no more - - I just call Goober!  I cook my own food now, but supplement it with Zeal by Honest Kitchen and the next day delivery Goober provides just can't be beat!  Keep up the great work Goober!
5	These people are WONDERFUL!  So friendly, reliable and great service.  I place my order one day on line or via phone and the order appears at my doorstep the next day - along with a little bag of bones/cookies!  My dogs think it is the best thing to have the "Cookie Man (or Woman)" show up and bring them treats.  It makes life so much easier to not have to lug a 40 lb bag of dog food home from the store.  Also, they are one of the few people in the Valley that carry Canidae food which is the brand/quality that I want.  Highly recommend them.
5	Love this site.  They have deals that come through that make them cheaper then going to the big box stores and they deliver it next day to your door step.  Go Goober!
5	Great selection of products.  Competitive prices.  Unbelievably convenient.  Friendly customer service.
5	I started using their services based on a recommendation from my manager.  I'd have to say that it is really convenient, and they have a wonderful selection of grain-free premium dog foods at fair prices.  I used to have to drive 25 minutes to my vet in order to buy my dog's prescription food, but all they needed was a copy of the 'script in order to deliver directly to my front door.  If you have pets and live in the Phoenix area, there's no reason that you shouldn't be using GooberPet to buy your pet supplies.
5	Simply put: I love Goober Pet Direct am and SO very glad that I just happened to find them online!The customer service is superb. They're affordable and the delivery is so very convenient and pleasant. Goober Pet Direct gives me more time with my boys and less time having to go to the store...Seriously it's one less trip/errand. one less headache and time well spent!  Honestly they save me time money and even piece of mind. They're product knowledge and care for my boys is beyond measure. I bike. I'm as sustainable as I can be and Goober Pet Direct is a fantastic resouce for me to easily get the high quality food and other items that my dogs need.  I'm really very pleased and recommend it to *everyone* who has a pet!  So, I'll be getting my very 1st delivery tomorrow and am already certain that they're the place for my boys' food and other needs as well. Before this, I did bike to Goober Pet Direct's office to purchase my dogs 1st bag of food from them.and I'm so glad that I did. I met the ladies that take the orders, saw 1st hand where my supplies come from AND saw more things there that'll I'll definitely buy for my boys in the future. P.S. they also offer feeding discount progams depending on the brand of food as well as a customer referral program. Be sure to ask them about both when ordering! Secondly, I also wanted to be sure to mention that they offer very convenient "your dog needs food" reminders and various payment method as well....Seriously, they're awesome. Try them you won't be sorry. Ask question, they have answers and /or will get them for you. They rock!
4	I love that Goober will deliver direct to your door!!  The are affordable, convenient and include free bones with your order.The only reason why I do not rate them as a 5 star is that several times they have had to call me to let me know they are out of a product I ordered online.
5	Goober is a great pet store. I am in Phoenix, so they deliver my cats food right to my front door for free! They have unbeatable prices on Wellness brand canned cat food.
5	Goober is amazing!  Great prices on quality dog food and free delivery.  Plus they leave dog treats with the food each time they deliver. The customer service is excellent and they also donate a small portion of each order to an animal charity of your choice (drop down pre approved list), and they give you the option to donate more if you want to.
5	Goober is probably the BEST place in town to order your pet's food. I've ordered from them multiple times through their website, and have taken advantage of the free home delivery. Carrying and dragging a 30lbs bag of dog food around isn't my cup of tea, and the home delivery puts it right at my doorstep, always with referral cards and a baggie of free dog treats.The customer service is impeccable, and you get confirmation emails from a person (Patsy usually processes my orders) that you can email back if you have issues. They donate 1% of your order to an animal charity or rescue of your choice, and being subscribed to their e-newsletter for deals isn't too spammy.Once, I ordered a new type of dog food (Acana Ranchlands) that was out of stock. I got a call from Patsy apologizing that it was out of stock, but it would be delivered a week later, and it was. Also I think once they tried to deliver me cat food, but realized the mistake and brought back the correct dog food the next day. Despite these little snafus, I still think Goober is the best because they're honest about everything and correct their mistakes as graciously and as soon as possible.
5	I don't think there are enough stars for how amazing Goober is! Someone had recommended them to me a while ago and I checked out their Yelp page and was convinced that I needed to use them. They have sooo much stuff on their website to choose from. But the MOST amazing thing they offer is free delivery. It comes the next day and is always delivered with a bag of treats. My dogs aren't usually biscuit dogs but they love the ones from Goober. It's weird. I know. Idk how they know the difference. I compared the prices of Goober with big name pet stores and Goober is cheaper. Have I mentioned the next day free delivery? Sometimes if you order early enough in the morning, it'll even come that day. I hate lugging around 30+ lb bags of dog food so I'm so happy I only have to drag it through my living room. Oh!!! And you can choose which rescue org you want 1% of your purchase to go. Pretty amazing. Thank you times 100 Goober!!
5	Goober is great!!!  There have been many times that I don't have time to run to the pet store, it is so much easier to just have the order magically have it on the doorstep, and with treats right on top.They also call if it has been to long since our last order to make sure that we don't need to order more food, my dog appreciates this. :)
5	Goober is AMAZING!  Use the coupon code APC10 during your checkout, and you will get $10 OFF your first order. Did I mention the FREE next day delivery to your front door?!?  My kids love the great food selection Goober has, and I love the convenience.
5	I found these guys out of desperation when my car was down and I needed dog food.  Their ad said they DELIVERED for FREE, so I gave them a shot.  I LOVE these guys!!!Not only do they deliver as promised, but they usually throw in some extra dog treats and a friendly note.  They offer discounts for regular patrons, and run specials frequently.  The selection is awesome, and the staff is genuine and friendly.   I always feel like they really care about the pets and pet owners who come in - NOT always the case at other pet stores!  I HIGHLY recommend GOOBER to ANY pet owner!!!
5	Your pets want you to shop local too! Goober was recommended to me by the rescue that I got my first dog. Six years later, I still use them, and I've been very happy with their customer service.If you don't see an item you want, give them a call. They are happy to place special orders. My dogs always eat Sojo's mix which isn't on the Goober website, but I can order it from them for the same price as buying online. They deliver for free, and I'm able to patronize a local business. Win-win!
5	We have used Goober since we moved to AZ 7 years ago. They have been 5 stars rom the first delivery to today. Cannot recommend strongly enough!
5	This company is great. No more driving to the store to pick up multiple 30lb bags of food. Great prices and free delivery to your door. You just can't beat it!
