5	I swear I hear angels sing as I walk through the doors, as if I have arrived in my own personal heaven. Who doesn't love wall to wall libations and pretty much anything you would need to throw a BA house party! All the alcohol and mixers you could want, snacks, glass wear, and even little umbrellas! I just love this place and am so glad we have our very own here in QC!
5	Fabulous place to get wine, beer, spirits.  It also has amazing keg selection.
5	A liquor store the size of an Office Max and with the best selection in the state, killer prices, and kegs! When I first walked in I wanted to quit my job and apply there (That wouldn't end well, trust me.)Great selection of beer, wine, and liquor and they also have snacks, cheeses, caviar, fine cigars, and everything else you need for your party.I heard angles sing too when I walked in Heather!
3	OK, this place has a great selection of wine from around the world, spirits of every kind including great scotches and vodkas and other useful things truly convenient to the Chronic Alcoholic, so why only 3 stars? It's to BLOODY EXPENSIVE!!! I find better wine deals across the street at the local super target and will even Slum It into Walmart to get a better price on Bacardi or Kettle One. I love that we have a store such as this in old back woods queen creek but at these prices it may not last. In all fairness there are deals to be had, but usually on Booze no one has ever heard of. Come on, help a Thirsty Girl Out!
3	Still terribly expensive, but the selection is always worth a look.  The Pinot Noir section is so Overpriced it's silly.  But, wow, I'm like a kid in a candy store while visiting BEVMO!
3	Good selection of oddball stuff, but everything seems expensive. If you need a run-of-the-mill item, like Coors Light, you are better off buying it elsewhere because it is going to be more expensive here.  We're not talking a few pennies more, we're talking dollars, folks!
5	When we can't find something at Walmart, we come here. Great prices and a large variety of product!!
5	The varieties are endless, spanning across the globe. I am a beer drinker as well as a wine drinker, they have a huge selection of both! You can make your own six packs to try different beers from domestic and imported; from the US to Germany to Belgium. The wines varieties are also from the US to Italy to Japan. Also, they have a 5 cent wine sale on select wines where you buy one and get a second bottle of the same wine for 5 cents. In addition to the sale giving you a great deal, you're able to try different wines. If you find yourself unhappy with the first bottle, you can return the second one with your receipt to trade for another wine. If you have their card, you receive even greater deals and are alerted about the deals going on; I love BevMo!
3	Great store but they need to have vendors check the dates on the beer more often as I've found a few times they are way past drink dates. They are also out of Pilsner Urquell all the time which shouldn't happen since it is popular. Call ahead on that one. Other than that it has a great selection of craft brews and import wines.
5	Called to check on inventory: the phone rang FOREVER and  Rachel on the phone wasn't so nice but they did have a large selection of alcohol (except for what I was looking for). The guy that rang us up was super nice and efficient. I'm sure I'll be back when I'm okay to drink booze again.
5	I'm updating my review. They've moved the store around and now have Pilsner Urquell regularly in stock, great work and thank you!
