4	I've been here twice after my last nail place made me wait FOR-EVER and I got fed-up!  The staff at Cobblestone are really friendly and personable.  They actually treat you like a customer and not just another dollar.  The facility is clean and organized and they do really good work.  I've had a pedicure and acrylic fill done, and was very pleased with their work.  They have tons of great polish colors and the prices are very fair.  I will definitely keep going back here if my experience stays the same!  Just know in advance that they only take cash tips, you can't add it to your credit card.
5	My sister and I were looking for a cheap place to get pedicures that we wouldn't have to wait. Drove over to Pink Polish first and there was a huuuuuuuge line. So we looked up the next best place on Yelp and ended up here!I'm glad we did! Awesome experience, super nice people, my feet look great, and I will definitely be going here from now on!
2	I had the new girl so take that into consideration. New girl was very nice but should have gotten more guidance from the owners; the language barrier also did not help. I was asked if I wanted the callous remover and I declined, and just said the regular heel scrubbing would be fine. She kept asking 'sugar scrub?' and I kept saying no. I ended up with no scrubbing at all :/I was reading a magazine and saw out of the corner of my eye that she placed a clipper tool back in her co worker's station... who just finished with someone else's pedicure so it was already used w/o disinfecting before she used it on me. I didn't realize it before it was too late. She also had me walk barefoot to the drying area, no offer of foam flip flops or anything, not even my own. The owner was right next to her and was very pleasant, but he did not stop her when she was having me walk barefoot, just told her to have me sit further towards the front.I know a $20 pedicure is a steal but this was not worth it. I came home and scrubbed my own heels and also noticed the polish was a little messy on the sides of my toes so I fixed that too. Also, carry cash for tip, you cannot add on your credit/ debit card.
5	THE nicest people you will ever meet.  I have been going here once per week for a few weeks for polish changes.  They do a great job and make it an enjoyable experience.  It is very clean inside and nicely decorated. I rarely have to wait more than 5 minutes and they never seem rushed.  I usually have my 3 year old with me who sits on my lap, and they talk with her and make her smile.  I am finally getting to writing a review because of a wonderful experience I had today.  I decided to take my two girls in for Valentine's day nail painting as a special treat.  My oldest went first and I was watching with my other daughter on my lap.  My youngest accidentally bumped a bottle of nail polish off the table which proceeded to smash all over the floor.  I was mortified.  They immediately began telling me "don't worry, don't worry!" And my daughter was looking pretty sad because she knew she messed up.  They were coming up to her and saying "don't be sad, it's ok!"  Afterward when they wanted to charge me next to nothing for doing the girls' nails, I wanted to leave a large tip as an apology and a thank you.  They wouldn't let me!  So of course I did anyway and just told the gals to split it.  I still feel terrible about the mess but am amazed at how nice they were about it.  Please go here and support these folks and their wonderful business!
5	I am a loyal customer of Cobblestone Nail Studio for more than 13 years. When I lived in the west valley I traveled 40 miles one way to have my nail services performed. Cobblestone is truly the best nail studio of its class. The atomosphere at the studio is fun and the customers are treated like family. The owner, Su, is awesome!! I highly recommend this establishment.
4	Nice, clean, friendly, and close to home.  And they don't charge a fortune.  Can't complain!  I'll be back :)
4	This nail salon is VERY clean and spacious! I loved getting a pedicure here because I wasn't sitting on top of someone. The pedicure was $2 more than usual Vietnamese nail salons but its worth it for the cleanliness.
5	Been coming here for over 5 years and I'll never go anywhere else! Su and Ilene are amazing. So particular about their work which is great for an OCD person like myself :-) I always get so many compliments everywhere I go. Their spa is so cleanly and everyone's so polite, I wouldn't go anywhere else! Plus since the expansion this place is huge and beautiful!
5	Rose took excellent care of me today!  Great job, the place is clean, spacious and inexpensive compared to most. I'll be back for sure!
5	I went to Cobblestone for the first time today and was beyond impressed! I recently moved to Tempe and stopped getting my gel manicures because I am so picky and particular that I just didn't want to deal with finding a new place. The one day it rains in AZ I decided to give them a shot. SO glad I did as I have a new place and new technician I plan to religiously visit every 2 weeks!
5	Went there for the first time today and I will definitely be going back, Rose did my nails and she is great, she takes her time and really cares. Best manicure I have ever had.-Kim
5	I'm here every 2 1/2 weeks. Adore this place. Always a perfect job, friendly service, clean and relaxing.
5	I having been going to Su to have my nail tips done for 14 years.  I have never had a nail lift or ever had a fungus.  There have been times I have not been able to get back for a month and still no problem.  I also have pedicures by Eileen and they last just as long. The establishment is always clean and the staff is very friendly.  I give the highest rating possible and advise everyone to give them a chance.
5	I'm a Cosmetologist who had the brilliant idea of doing her own acrylic nails. Why I thought I'd be able to do them beautifully when I hadn't done nails since cosmo school, is beyond me, but I was up for the challenge, I guess? Well, it turned out (you guessed it) to be a complete disaster. I did them Wednesday night and Thursday morning wanted them off. I was pressed for time because of work and b/c of leaving for San Diego today (Friday).The owner and his wife were more than accommodating. He pushed back his gym session Thursday evening b/c he knew this was a 'nail emergency' and his wife took over to do the nail art design. I had a picture from Pinterest that I showed them and they matched it as closely as possible, and it turned out very nice. I posted a picture (mine is the blue, gold glitter, and peacock feather).They were all very friendly and welcoming and you can tell they really enjoy doing nails-it shows in their work and what perfectionists they are.I asked how long they'd been there and he said since 2000 which was really surprising to me because the place is so clean it looks like they just opened.So, as a nail salon it really doesn't get much better than this. They've won me over which really doesn't happen often since they're pretty much on every corner.Had to spread the word.Kelsey
4	This was the go to spot for all my peers in high school, cut to 5 years later i decide on a whim to go check this place out and i had what i thought was a difficult design in mind. Su (owner) greeted me right away and took me within 10 mins without an appt. They are so talented with their design and if they don't feel comfortable doing a particular design, they will call someone to come over and do it. THANK YOU! no more nail techs just telling me they'll do what they want and it will still be pretty. I understand it will be pretty but it has to be what I WANT, not what you're capable of. my only criticism is that i wish they spent more time cleaning my cuticles and moisturizing it. and when i went back to get my gel nails taken off, they just sanded it down. I would have preferred to have them soaked off. The friction from the machine burned my nails several time, not a good time. But i would go back, i'll just soak off at home if i need to... but in all the good far outweighs the not so great.... THEY ARE THE BOMB AT DESIGNS AND COLOR SELECTION FOR THE BEST PRICE!! Sorry Pink Polish. Su and his wife are so nice. They have discounts if you're a high school student. They NEVER forget your name or what you like.
5	Very clean and great service! I'm 7 months pregnant and was in need of a pedicure. They did a great job! The hot stones felt amazing on my calves and the lady really took her time massaging my feet. I'm pretty hard to please when it comes to manicures and pedicures but this place definitely left me satisfied. I will be returning in another 2/3 weeks for another pedi.
5	I love this nail spa.  I have always had great service here and they do a good job.  Prices are very reasonable. They recently expanded the salon and the place is very clean and modern. They do a great job with gel nails (no bubbles) and usually get me in and out pretty quickly.
5	Love this salon, today I took my granddaughter for her first pedicure and I wish I would have taken a picture as she walked in and said "Oh Nana, this place smells delicious! They were very attentive and gave her a lovely experience as I sat next to her and was pampered myself. Thanks for always doing such a great job!
5	Ask for Rose. I am licensed to do everything they do here and would pay her double if she asked me. Amazing, always!
5	I was recommended by a coworker and this place is great! Won't be going anywhere else! Not only do they do a great job on designs they don't make you feel uncomfortable for asking.
5	Kevin is hands down the  best.. Any kind of designs u want, show him and he will do his best to make u happy and satisfy, and of course u have to pay more for fancy designs, but the point is u get what u want...
1	I came in and the visit started ok, the lady at the front desk told me to pick a color and have a seat for my pedicure. When I went back I was waiting for 20 minutes.... Maybe they forgot about me... I finally asked one of the ladies how long I would wait and one looked at me and asked if I was in a rush! Really!!! One of the girls working there came back to sit in one of the recliners and one of the nail techs sat down to start her pedicure... Until I asked again, how long will I be here, then she realized that she probably should do my pedicure instead....I couldn't believe that! And then the other ladies (other nail techs) looked at my funny because I as the customer was expecting to get service before an employee? I was in a rush.... Employee was not! I won't be coming back here! How rude!
5	-Great customer service!! Enjoyed how well they care of me and my friends. Defiantly will be back!
5	This is one of the best nail salons I've been to around the area and for a very reasonable price! The owner Su is amazing and will make sure that you are satisfied with what you have. They really take pride in what they do and care about the costumers. What really stands out and keeps me coming back to this salon is that if they don't know or don't feel comfortable at doing a design they will call someone who can do it! This is a great place to treat yourself at! Also Lanny one of the techs here does amazing work!! She's really talented at designs.
1	I asked for the manager and the manager wasn't there.  The person that replied wasn't even there to comment on this situation and of course would say anything to make themselves look good and there were no other customers in front of me, I know for sure the lady that almost got serviced before me worked there.  I am not going back another visit.
2	This was my first visit here. The pedicure was ok, they did not clean up under the nails very well (I had to do it myself later) and the hot stone massage, was not really a massage at all and when I asked them to paint them a certain way (solid color base with a white tip, like French manicure style), they were completely confused and the girl became rude and tried to convince me to do something she wanted to do instead. Eventually the manager came and attempted to do it and made the white tip too fat, which looked awful, then became frustrated when I asked him to fix it, and then he tried to convince to just paint them solid, which is not what I had wanted, or asked for. They ended up looking ok, but sloppy. I also had a gel manicure and paid extra for the hand massage.  The manicure was ok, although the person had a very unwelcoming vibe (prior to the pedicure fiasco), the massage was completely nonexistent and the gel ended up starting to peel about a week later, which is much shorter than other places I have been. One plus, they do have a nice, clean facility, but the service is definitely not worth the $80 + they charged me!!!!! I will not be back, ever.
1	For several years, I was an occasional client of Cobblestone until my last experience. I do not plan on returning again.I made an appointment for a manicure on Halloween, at 630pm. I was going to a family wedding the next day in Texas and I really wanted to get my nails done before I left. When I called to make the appointment, I asked if they'd still be open that late considering that it was Halloween. The girl on the phone said yes and I made the appointment. I arrived at Cobblestone at 620pm. The whole place was empty and dark, but I could see someone still in the building. I went inside and spoke to Eileen who told me they were closed. I let her know I made an appointment and she went to check her book. She found my name but still said that they were closed. She said that she wanted to call me earlier that day to let me know they were closing early due to Halloween, but her receptionist didn't get my phone number.I left the spa very unhappy and the next day I went to the wedding in Texas without having my nails done. Upon my return to Tempe, I went back to Cobblestone. I spoke to Eileen again and expressed my displeasure. She apologized and asked me if I wanted to get my nails done that day. I said yes and she took me back for a manicure and pedicure right away. Eileen did a great job like always, and my nails looked very good.After my nails were finished, I went up to the front to pay and she only charged me for the manicure, giving me the pedicure for free. She apologized again for what had happened the previous week. I appreciate the free pedicure but the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth. Truthfully, I do not feel like a valued client. The salon is nice and generally they do a great job, but I will not be returning.
4	Came here to get my nails done for Halloween.  I loved it so much this is going to become my nail to go place. I was treated nicely and respectfully.  And i loved my design.
5	I never feel like my nails are being rushed. They take their time and they always do a beautiful job. I go here regularly
