2	Meh. I've experienced better 'tis a pretty good summary...thanks yelp!!The food was well cooked and tasted ok. But having recently got quite in to Thai food was disappointed as it was all a bit plain!!The service was efficient but not very friendly (well one oder watiress woman was sweet) but the way they practically bullied us into odering alcohol was a bit unprofessional...when we said no, they looked bitterly disappointed!
2	I'll admit that my only experience eating here was after an after work drinks session which involved students groping my bum.  So, I maaaaaaaay have had a few too many to be able to properly comment on the quality of the food.That being said, I was starving and tipsy and in the kind of state where a kebab would have gone down like a Michelin starred meal, and I still will wasn't impressed with the food.When we arrived, the restaurant was packed and we were led to a small convenient waiting area and brought drinks to tide us over.  This was a good touch.When we were seated, we decided to go for a fixed three course menu.  I ordered prawns for my main and they were over cooked and rubbery, almost inedibly spicy, and not cleaned properly.  I have been really really really anal about prawns being properly cleaned ever since I was about 10 and my brothers explained that when my mum was de-veining the prawns, she was removing the poop shoot.  I am always always surprised and put off whenever I order prawns in a restaurant and they've not taken the time to do this, and I end up with gritty prawn poo in my dish.  Ok I know I'm kind of extreme with this, but, well, ew.I think that, expecially for the cost of the food here, this is not a good representation of just how brilliant Thai food can be.
3	I went here on a Thursday evening on a date and I really enjoyed it. It was awfully quiet so I can't really comment on the atmosphere, otherwise I would have rated it a bit higher.The portions are mahoosive, especially the starters and I had prawn fishcakes then a prawn noodle dish and both were lovely - really fresh, filling and well-presented. My date and I had to stifle a laugh when his sea bass was brought out, it was complete with cripsy head and tail. Nothing like chomping at something that still has its face in tact. They even offered to box up the leftovers for him. A crispy fish head doesn't quite have the same appeal as cold leftover pizza of a morning.The staff were also great, really attentive without rushing us or being irritating.Random comment - I also really liked the cutlery. And the fish tank built into the wall above the door to the loos.
3	This is a loverly little Thai place, just off the Meadows in Edinburgh. I was starving the other night and in desperate search of food when I (happily)  stumbled across this place.In a rush to fill my rumbling stomach, I boringly opted for a vegetable Thai Green Curry. It arrived so quickly and I could smell the fantastic aromas coming off the plate. The food looked really appealing and so I eagerly dove in to get started. That's when I saw it. Slimy, beige tofu lurking in amongst the vegetables. My heart sunk a little bit as this point. I hate tofu - always have and probably always will. It's just weird, to be honest, and not something I especially look forward to eating. That being said, I did try a piece, in the hope that I would magically be converted to a tofu-lover. No such luck.Now, I realise wholeheartedly that I cannot fault this place for serving me tofu that tasted like tofu - that would be crazy! I'm sure that in my desperation I completely missed the mention of it on the menu, so it was most likely my own fault, but I'm just putting it out there, to other tofu-haters: beware! If you don't like tofu, don't order tofu! :pThat being said, once I had carefully separated the tofu from the rest of the dish (trying desperately not to be spotted by the staff and be coined as that annoying, picky customer that everyone hates) the meal was really good! Just the right amount of spicy and nice flavours to top it off. It was pretty much your standard nice Thai curry. No real wow-factor, but a very satisfying meal nonetheless.The atmosphere of the place is great too and the staff were really lovely! I'd definitely go back here. Maybe next time I'll simply avoid the tofu! :)
