4	Open only in warmer weather, these design-your-own custard creations are akin to Dairy Queen - but better!  The wait in the long line at the stand is worth it.  Choose your custard, pick candy or nuts to have blended in, and enjoy.  If you're counting calories, hold out for the pumpkin pie custard, available in the fall only.
5	Custard Cup was my friends and I's place to go in the summers! They have the best tasting Custard around! You can create your own mixture with their large variety of toppings! It kind of reminds you of a Dairy Queen but sooo much better!
5	THE place to go for ice cream/custard/sundaes.
5	Yum I love Jarlings!  I love the smell of the waffle cones inside, I love the cute chinese food takeout boxes they pack the pints in, I love sitting out on the wooden benches and watching the fourth of july fireworks, and I love that cold fudge and / or butterscotch can be mixed into anything!!!The new brownies that they use aren't as good as the old ones though.
5	A Champaign institution!  I bring all my out-of-town relatives and friends here when they visit during the spring and summer.  It's one of those things that lets you know that summer really is on its way;  when Custard Cup opens up in the spring, it gives you a sense of hope that winter may, at some point, end.  All the flavors and toppings are delicious.  Summer evenings, it's THE place to be, and there always seems to be plenty of outdoor seating despite the crowds.
4	Example of how good this place is...My Dad doesn't eat ice cream very often.  My parents rarely ever have it in the freezer.  He's actually a bit lactose intolerant.  When he was in town we went to check this place out and he ate a whole pint that night.....let's just say that he enjoyed the custard a lot... and not continue on with the story...
5	Jarling's is quite the summer afternoon and evening delight.    ;)I'll always order 2 vanilla dips in a waffle bowl (made fresh everyday) with COLD fudge (they only acceptable form of fudge on a sundae) and bananas on top and I'm never disappointed. I am sorry to say they don't carry a S'mores Snowstorm yet... buy some graham crackers and chocolate chips you guys!They only accept cash or check as a form of payment - so save up some pennies and head over to get some of the best custard in town before they are closed for the season! Stock up for the wintertime!
5	I have so many fond memories of this place.  Most of these memories are actually the same - I'd head over to IMPE to work out, and somehow magically end up here for some lemon custard instead.  Whoops!
4	knowing we are soon moving from champaign, has caused us to go to all of these places that we know we won't be able to subsitute in our new locale.  custard cup is exactly one of those places.  there is something about the texture and creaminess of this ice cream that makes it almost worth the outrageous prices.  it's amazing how many people will stand in line to pay $3.50 for this tiny cup of ice cream.  i highly recommend the vanilla cold fudge sundae...yum.
5	This place is a landmark in CU. Not too expensive, great variety, comforting ambiance. If you're not a local, you will still get those nostalgic feelings when you stop by here. A+
5	A unique treat in the CU area. The setting is quaint, the custard wonderfully creamy, and the toppings decadent...a perfect place to go with friends or on a date. I only wish it were closer to campus. I highly recommend the lemon custard.
5	This place makes me want to invent ice cream gods, and then worship them. Ignore the miserable tastelessness that is Cold Stone - this is THE place for mixing and matching. The lines out the door say it all. But it's cash only, so bring your foldin' money.
5	as a previous resident of c-u, i have not found anything in anywhere to equal the custard at jarling's! they have heavenly vanilla, lemon, chocolate, and strawberry custard you can get in sudaes, cones, waffle baskets, or their version of a concrete.most custards - like ted drewe's in st. louis -  have egg in them, giving them a heavier texture. my all-time favorite is a jarling custard cup chocolate almond crackle basket - that's vanilla custard in a waffle cup, topped with hard chocolate shell with almonds, whipped cream, & a cherry.next birthday don't bake - try a jarling's illini pie. or one of their other ice cream pies. i haven't found anything anywhere to beat that!
5	God this place was so awesome the last time I had icecream from here was six years ago and I'm still giving it five stars.I moved away from Illinois a LOOONg time ago but if I get a chance to go visit some time..I'm definitely dropping by here after I get off the plane.
4	Local institution (though started in Danville, where there is, or at least used to be, a location).  Lines can be long, but service is pretty good.  Typical items:  shakes, snowstorms (like a blizzard), some specialty items.  It's good, but getting more expensive every year.  If ANYONE is in Quincy, IL, there is a place called Deter's that puts this to shame in quality of ingredients and price.  Too bad it's 200 miles away.  Luckily my parents still live there!
5	Goddamn I miss this place. Cold Stone Creamery has got nothing on Custard Cup. I have so many awesome memories of friends and family gathering here on hot summer days and nights. The only bummer was that it would shut down at the end of the season and we'd have to go without these delicious treats for a whole 6 months. Smart choice on their part. Because as soon as those doors opened at the beginning of each summer, the line never ended til the end of Sept.
4	I totally love that you get your custard and then sit out on the picnic tables.  It is as close to "the good old days" as it gets anymore.  I really like that you can add banana to anything too!  And I've gotten my kids the Teddy Bear Custard Cup a couple of times, its cute.  They love it and its pretty cheap.  Its just a regular cup of custard with like 5 teddy grahams stuck in the custard and you can add banana or nuts or whatever.
5	Yummmmmm.At Jarlings, you could make a custom creation, but why spend all that energy when they have dozens of pre-made choices for you to choose from that all sound so good? If you're anything like me, you'll probably spend more time deciding whether you want the turtle sundae, the oatmeal cookie, the strawberry cheesecake, the rocky road, etc. custard than actually eating it!The first time I went here, I got the strawberry cheesecake flavor which was yum and I suggest getting the junior size - it's actually a lot bigger than you think!  My goal is to have tried every pre-made creation by the end of my college career here at U of I while somehow not ballooning into an elephant... we'll see how that goes...It's a shame this place closes for the winter.  Or maybe it's a good thing, as I'd get fat, fat fat! =P  If you ever plan on visiting the Urbana/Champaign area (or even if you're not), then I would definitely suggest you check this place out!
5	As good as it gets, Jarling's Cup is a reason to move to (or stay in) CU. Delicious custard, reasonable prices, nice service, retro decor.Snowstorms are fantastic, and they have many mixable ingredients to cater to any taste. My poison is Butterfinger & peanut butter cup (an emulated cup made with peanut butter and cold fudge).To make a night of it, start with a Delicious Seaboat(tm) fish sandwich, just two doors down from the Cup.
5	Good god do I miss this place.  It is delicious.  There are chemicals in it, that make you crave it fortnightly.  Just as well that its a wee bit off campus, or else I would have been there every day it was open.  So many options, and only one short life.
5	When I first got to Chambana freshman year, I hit up my alumni uncle and aunt for advice.  Of all the things they told me, all I remember now is them saying to go to Jarling's.  It all made sense after the first time I went.Jarling's (or C-Cup as my friends and I call it) is a place to take anyone visiting you on campus, or any freshman who wants to go to Cold Stone.  The snowstorms (think DQ's Blizzards) are fantastic, but I always go for 2 dips of either chocolate/lemon or chocolate/orange (recommended to me by an employee).  Just remember that regardless of what you get, eat it FAST...or else you'll have a cup of delicious flavored milk.The biggest shame is that they're not open year round, but I always set my goal to go there as soon as they opened for the season, carrying as many clueless Cold Stone aficionados as possible with me.
3	I think this place is a little overrated. I honestly don't think it is as good as some described it to be. My custard was a little too soft and not creamy at all. I would rather have Culvers.
5	sometimes I think about buying a plane ticket just to get some lemon custard..and rescue my secondary stash of shoes from my parents' basement.During the fall, they do a seasonal Pumpkin Pie snowstorm which is making me salivate right now just thinking about it.a funny thing about this place is that it closes down in the winter and they sell xmas trees in the parking lot.
5	I love this place.  It's a staple from college and worth a trip here everytime.   It's such great custard...it makes me want to make the sucky drive down 57 right now.
2	Has the whole world gone mad, or is it just Jarling's that's all screwed up?  Let's make a quick list of the ingredients that SHOULD be in a peanut butter cup (insert their knock off name for Blizzard here... Snowstorm, maybe):1. custard or ice cream or frozen yogurt or whatever you want to call it2. peanut butter cupsWhere in this list do you see peanuts?  Try telling that to Jarling's.  I went back another day and had a grasshopper whatever they're calling them (Sleetstorm, Whiteout, Light Dusting of Snow, Squall?) and it was admittedly delicious.  Too bad that when I tried to get in the car a burst of wind blew a bunch of melty shit out of the cup and all over my hands.  Now, I'm not saying that Jarling's is directly responsible for the 90 degrees and 40 mph winds that day.  Actually, I guess that is what I'm saying.  Shit never went down like that in California.
5	love it.  i have been comming here with the rents since i was little, so its nostolgic for me.  i still get the same thing, a scoop of lemon on top of a scoop of chocolate in a waffle cone.
5	One of my favorite establishments in the wonderful city of Champaign.  I cannot tell you how many times I have visited the custard cup during my 5 years @ the U of I.  Favorites: grasshopper and strawberry shortcake snowstorms, and the black and white sundae with marshmallow cream and cold fudge (their specialty).  I only wish that places like this existed in Evanston!
4	It's good. But there's so much hype about it that I expected more. Indoor seating would be nice on a hot summer day.  The whole establishment screams of Midwest country homemade ice cream/custard/whatever.
4	I love Jarlings! Every time I come and visit Champaign, I have a craving for Jarlings. Their ice cream and custard is the epitome of comfort. It's nice to grab one of their shakes for the long ride home on 57. Their peach shakes is one of my favorites.But don't forget, they accept cash and personal check only. No plastic.
5	You are a delicious custardy fiesta.  I ignored the hype, and went in wary, and came out full of dairy goodness and joy.  Jarling's is an unpretentious establishment, basically a small structure with some picnic tables--and a crapload of delicious frozen custard.  I went with the pumpkin pie snowstorm, and the regular size was enough for a small meal (think of it as a dinner shake, if slimfast decided to kill you).Tasty time.  I'm gonna go again before the snowstorm becomes a real thing and not just an item on the Jarlings menu.
3	I like custard.  Jarlings sells custard.  Therefore, I like Jarlings.So it's just a standard custard shack, except that it's not a shack, it's a huge building.  I'm not sure what they are doing with the industrial-sized kitchen area.  I was watching the hustle and bustle behind the counter, and the custard machine is wild.  There's a big pipe slowly crapping out forearm-sized ropes of custard into a stainless steel bin.  Then the workers scoop the custard out of the bin.  Fascinating.  I didn't order a baseball-helmet sundae, but I did notice that they have the helmets of every team.  That's cool.
5	I remember going to Jarlings with my grandparents and getting orange custard when I was 4 years old....I go back EVERY time I'm in Champaign and the custard is just as I remembered. :D The fruit flavors are still my favorite too.CASH ONLY
5	Brought here by my fiance, a townie. It's everything he said it would be and more.I like the vanilla custard with butterscotch, or the orange custard by itself.BTW, they don't accept credit or debit cards, so make sure you have cash.
3	I really like the atmosphere here. Even though I'm not from around here, its the sort of place I can feel right at home in. And its fun to people-watch everyone enjoying their cold treats on a hot summer day. And if you grow tired of the crowd, its across the street from Hessel Park, where you can find a spot out on the grass.The frozen custard itself? Nothing out of the ordinary. I mean, of course its good, its cold, creamy and sweet. But so is the ice cream from anywhere else.
5	Amazing frozen custard. I like to stick to the basics -- vanilla or chocolate on a waffle cone. The stuff is just great.
5	The #1 best thing about Jarlings is the speedy, friendly service.  Well, at least it was the one whole time I've been there.  There were a ton of people there, but the line moved very quickly (which was good for everyone nearby--I had serious custard jones).#2 best thing is, of course, the custard.  I had a 'mini' butterscotch sundae, which was *plenty* if you just want a little something.  Mini my foot, really.  It's a large scoop of custard.  SO worth it for the meager price tag of $2.55. #3 best thing is all the fixings available.....like butter pecans or pecan pralines.  Or both.  I'm drooling just thinking about that.  And I cannot *wait* to try a "Snickerette Snowstorm."  Mmm....bad for me...
1	Overpriced and bland. I got the orange custard and the lemon custard, both recommended by the cashier. They all tasted like regular eggy custard. If I closed my eyes I wouldn't be able to tell them apart. It's also incredibly overpriced at $2-something for a small scoop (or dip, as they call it). The only flavor that seems to be good here is the chocolate. Otherwise, save your money and your time and just go somewhere else. 1 star because it's a campus novelty, and apparently you haven't gone to U of I until you've been to Jarlings.
4	this was my first experience w/ frozen custard, which i had heard a lot about on shows on travel channel and food network.  we don't have stuff like this in CA, but i guess it's big in the midwest.  there aren't many flavors, but i had lemon custard on a cone.  at $1.65, you can't beat the price.  it was so creamy and not icey at all, which ice cream can get sometimes.  i tried my brother's choc, and it was good too.  my dad got the blueberry cobbler snowstorm, which was like a blizzard, and it's made w/ vanilla custard.  yum!
4	It's pretty good stuff, although a little pricey.  I'm a fan of the cold fudge and tortoise sundaes.  And the waffle cones- yum.  I mean, it's your average local ice cream shop- a great idea for when family comes into town, or you're just not sure what to do with yourself, you want to splurge on a treat for yourself, etc.
5	Great custard and great service. A Chambana classic. You MUST go!
2	Time has passed this place by. I used to crave stopping here every time I was back in town. This visit, after a 2 year + gap, I went back on a Friday night. Oops! It was 10:06 so they were closed - the parking lot was full and there was a line at the windows, but it was past closing, so NO CUSTARD FOR YOU!. On Saturday afternoon they were open, so I ordered a one scoop waffle cone... and that's what I got for $2+ - a small round ball of chocolate custard sunken way down in a large waffle cone. Since Culver's has opened up where I live, I now have a comparison, and Jarlings is no better on the basic flavors. When Culver's has a special flavor - say Black Forest Tort, there is no comparison. As I said, the time has passed them by and all they sell is (a bit pricey) nostalgia. A Shame.
5	I think that the ambiance and service of this little ice cream store are things that are sorely missed in America today!  The teenagers who make the treats really enjoy themselves and care about what they are doing for the customers!  Just like the "old days".   This place is true Americana!!!The custard is DELICIOUS and there are quite a few varieties to choose from.  I had the tortoise sundae and my son had a banana split snowstorm (like a Blizzard at DQ but much better!).  This was my first time visiting while down seeing my son at college.  From now on this will be a "for sure" stop as long as the it isn't 20 below!Stop by and savor this treat!!!
5	Custard Cup is another of my defining childhood spots.  I always have been and always will be a SLAVE to their lemon custard.  YUM!
5	I've grown up with custard cup, and I love it. I prefer it to Penn State's Creamerie which is apparently blasphemy, since PSU taught Ben & Jerry how to create delicious.My favorite thing about custard cup is how willing they are to work with you-- I like to get raspberry cobbler snowstorms, but with lemon instead on vanilla custard. They'll do it for you. Peanut butter cup with chocolate? Yes indeed.   You can create some utterly delicious things, and they've never told me no in my craziness, including combining multiple snowstorm flavors.  I highly recommend that people check out Custard Cup, it's totally worth it.  Don't be scared of lemon, it's it's heavenly.As a note: No credit cards, only cash or check. Closes at 10, so not so much for the late night cravings.
5	The only custard I am familiar with is flan, but what's this? It comes in ice cream form too? A taste of heaven in a cup, they need to rename this place "Heavenly Custard Cup." I used to think DQ had the best blizzards (i.e., tropical and Hawaiian) but the custard component did it for me in the form of "snowstorms", thus The Custard Cup has moved up on my list. I don't remember the name of the flavor I ordered but it had fruit and nuts and was absolutely positively amazing.I would recommend sharing only if it's not your first time because this stuff can be extremely heavy on smaller digestive systems. I was full after about 5-6 tablespoonfuls of the size small snowstorm, then felt nauseous after but that didn't stop me, I kept on eating bc it was sooo good but then still couldn't finish. I do wish they had written descriptions somewhere of each flavor bc I felt bad having to ask the worker to describe every other flavor on their never ending list. Like "moonlight", "star dusk", wtf, I don't remember exactly but just weird names that don't give a clue. I know the regulars must be like geez woman quit shilly shallying and make up your mind already but I need to make sure I don't get any surprise raisins or cinnamon. I definitely would like to try their pies next time also.
3	Sure, it tastes all right, but this place is nothing to get worked up over.  Especially considering the price.  After I went I wished I just picked up a pint of Ben and Jerry's instead (not custard, I know...)  The menu might give you a seizure, too.  Trust me I am an expert on frozen desserts.
4	It's a little different than having regular ice-cream, but it you're in the mood for something rich and tasty you will not be dissappointed.  I happen to be a fan of the Snowstorms myself; there are tons of different varieties to choose from.  Also, they have Green River Slushees which I've never found anywhere else!
5	- Heeaavvennlly custard- Reasonable prices/sizes- Great parking and outdoor seating- Awesome serviceCustard Cup is one of the staples of things to try in Champaign, IL. As a native Champurbanian, I awaited Custard Cup's re-opening with glee along with everyone else in the town and packed into their over-crowded lobby along with everyone else to get me a taste of their creamy goodness. Everyone in Champaign knows Custard Cup. They have about a billion different ways to get ice cream, their menu is gigantic. I usually just stick with the Snowstorms and I have never been disappointed. You can definitely taste the difference of custard from regular ice cream and it is simply delicious.What I remember is that the prices were always pretty reasonable, but I don't know what they're like now. I heard that the sizes of the cups went down too, which is always sad to hear. :o(The service here is great too. All the people who work there are awesome, fast and efficient. It's all teenagers, but they all seem to care about their job and really like ice cream. hahaThey also have a crapload of parking, which is awesome. And outdoor seating with umbrellas! This place gets amazing business for being SO OLD and also not having a website. I only wish I could go here more often, but I only come back to visit at Christmas and it's always closed then. :o( Stupid Illinois and their winters that actually get really, really cold.
5	This is a local tradition and curiosity.  A seasonal custard stand.  I brought my New York friends to wait in the lines.  Then we sat at the picnic table in the parking lot and watched the electric billboard.  It has a charmingly eccentric menu that is very difficult for the newcomer to decipher.  There are only a few kinds of custard.  The lemon and the orange are exceptional.  A good deal that is poorly advertised: take home the Party Pack or Sundae Kit (the names have changed).This is the only five star food review I have posted for Champaign-Urbana.
5	I've never had frozen custard until I lived in Champaign. Let me just say that this stuff is amazing!! Prior to this I was a huge fan of Dairy Queen. Jarling's Custard Cup has changed me forever and I miss it greatly now that I'm back in Virginia. I'll never look at DQ the same way again.
5	Custard isn't really like anything I've tried before. It's rich and creamy. I got chocolate the first time I went there, and I was told by pretty much everyone that I made the wrong choice. Come here for the lemon custard. I haven't gotten into all of the other complicated choices, mainly because the lemon custard on a sugar cone is so darn good! And the prices are extremely reasonable. My one complaint, and it's a small one, is that they don't take credit cards. Oh well, guess I'll have to keep cash around for when the mood strikes!
5	I was lucky in college. I had friends with cars or I had a car to drive to Jarlings. It's kind of hard to get to otherwise and I wasn't that in love with public transportation back then. Whenever I'm in town for work, I figure out how I can maximize trips to Jarlings. I'm not kidding. Things I love:- Strawberry shortcake snowstorm- Pumpkin pie snowstorm (seasonal. Lucky me visits during the season)- Vanilla custard with chocolate/butterscotch sauce.- Strawberry custard- Any floatThere's nothing that hits the spot as well as Jarlings.
5	Anyone that gives Jarlings Custard Cup below a 5 star rating is functionally insane, or, they were huffing spray paint in the preceding 5 hours before enjoying their tasty treats.Seriously, Jarlings is that good. To those drawing similarities between their product and ice cream? You're gastronomically challenged. Yes they are both cold and dairy based, but it ends there. Their custard is obviously so much denser and creamier than ice cream. Ice cream by process has to have a bunch of air stirred into it.  The only knock on the Jarling organization is that they don't want to franchise it or distribute the secret process. Jarlings inc world wide could have an IPO greater than Google's;)
5	Boy do I loooooove Custard Cup!  I'm not a big ice cream person, but this stuff is awesome! My only gripe is that they don't accept credit cards... but it's so good that the one time I forgot cash, I chose to drive around Champaign for 20 minutes looking for an ATM because I was that desperate for Custard Cup.  I've only had the chocolatey-type snowstorms like butterfinger, grasshopper, reeses, etc, but I'm sure the others are just as awesome.  And the place is always packed which is a good sign that the place is pretty freaking sweet.  Mmmm I want some Jarlings right now!!  It's way better than Cold Stone, Marble Slab & DQ combined!!
4	Jarling's a darling.J: ust so you know, this is my #3 frozen custard place.  Pretty rockin'!A: vailable seating outside.  Even in November.  :o)R: edonkulous amount of items on the menu, including a bajillion variations of snowstorms (like DQ's blizzard or McD's McFlurry).L: eery of overblended ice cream treats, the only downside to my visit was that my snowstorm started melting before I even got it.I: f you're reading this, Nov. 22 is the last day Jarling's is open for this season.  You're too late. :o(N: ever too cold to eat frozen custard.  Why are you open seasonally??!G:ot daily flavors of vanilla, chocolate, lemon, orange, and something else.S: uper smooth frozen custard!
4	simply fantastic, been here 4 days straight since they opened, the lemon custard is amazing in their banana splits. i would go EVERY DAY.
4	This was my go-to study break place (when it was open) when I lived in C-U. I miss it! I never ordered anything I didn't like.The service was quick and helpful and patient considering I always stood under the enormous sign and said WHAT DO I WANT?The only downside is cash-only. But there is an ATM in the grocery store across the street, if needed.
4	yum.yum.yum. i am so happy when this place is open!!! i can't really comment on much of their menu because i continually go back to the peanut butter cup snowstorm. it's not just reese's peanut butter cups that you get at dq (though i do love me some dq, don't get me wrong), but in this snowstorm it's a swirl of fudge and peanuts and my oh my, soooo good. best part is i can only eat half of a junior at a time so i have some for the next day as well. can't wait to step out of my comfort zone and try their fruity flavored custard (here's looking at you lemon custard) and possibly some other snowstorm flavors....cash only. but for this treat i don't mind stopping at the atm beforehand. now stay open all year long!
5	This is place is just awesome. I highly recommend the strawberry cheesecake with strawberry custard snowstorm
4	Came here per friends' recommendation since I was on a business trip in Decatur, which is 30 min away from Champaign. I had my doubts at first because who would have thought any food could would be this good in a small college town. Boy was I in for a treat. Strawberry shortcake snowstorm was my choice based on my friend's yelp review and it was AMAZING. The portion for was quite large for a small cup too. DEFINITELY going to come back again in my future trips.
5	I will freely admit that I have not lived in Champaign since 1996, but my heart still belongs to Jarlings.  Their "black and white" was my all time favorite.  We got friends and family hooked on their custard when they'd visit, and it's still talked about when discussions of those days come up.Worth every penny of the price, and I would make the trip back just for a black and white if I could!
5	We were in Champaign for a wedding and stopped here.  Had a couple snowstorms.  Both were excellent.
2	Pros: Tastes like ice creamCons: Custard melts too quickly, slow service, incompetent staffMy Advice: It's worth a try, but in the future I'll likely just opt for DQWe visited Jarling's last night for the first time after reading all the raving reviews. It did not live up to all the fuss. When we got there, the line was to the door, so we were about 6 or 7 people back at our window. Even with 2 employees working that window it took a good 25 minutes or so to get to the front.When we finally got a chance, we ordered two single dip cups for the kids, a single dip waffle cone for my fiance and a peanut butter fudge snowstorm (their equivalent to DQ's blizzard) for me. They guy that took our order clearly had no clue what he was doing. After wandering around aimlessly for several minutes, he finally passed our order on to someone else. Even then it took forever for our order to be made. Meanwhile, the man who I presume was the manager just stood around watching and periodically yelling at customers in line to either come inside or go outside, but to close the door.When they finally got the order up to the window it was already melting. Then the girl couldn't figure out how to work the cash register, so it took quite a while to get my change back. By the time I was able to get my order, get my change and walk to the picnic tables outside, there was melted custard dripping all over the place. The ice cream (or custard) was good, but not great and certainly not worth the price. The snowstorm was smooth and had a rich peanut butter flavor to it. On the other hand, I ended up literally drinking it. I wasn't impressed.
5	I live closer to Champaign, and have been enjoying the Jarling's Custard Cup there for a few years now. I recently also visited their Danville location. I understand that there is some kind of "rivalry" between fans of each of the two locations, kinda like fans of the Cubs and Cardinals. But, I'm sure it's all good fun, because as far as I can tell, both locations have excellent frozen custard deserts.Jarling's is the first place I ran into the idea of "cold fudge". It's just like "hot fudge", except that it doesn't melt the custard. Brilliant!Several flavors of frozen custard are always available, in just about any conceivable configuration. I've always found the service to be friendly at both locations, and the treat to be just the thing for either a hot summer day or warm summer evening. Bring friends. There's really nothing like sharing an experience like this with friends. That's how I first learned of this place, when friends from work invited me along for a Friday afternoon "meeting".
4	While not the glory that is Ted Drewes, Jarling's provides an outstanding experience.  The atmosphere here is friendly and welcoming.  The custard also invites you to eat it.   I am not normally a marshmallow or fluff fan, but the black and white with cold fudge has made me rethink my aversion.  I still don't like the store-bought junk, but will get a Black and White any time I am in Champaign.
2	Sigh.  I know I'm about to commit Champaign-Urbana blasphemy, but...I don't get the hype.
4	I got a junior snowstorm with heath bar and cheesecake. It was so good and a large portion; you definitely don't need any bigger. The add-ins were in big chunks and tasted great, unlike the add-ins at the big chains. The custard was very creamy. I can't wait to go back!
4	Pretty tasty. I got a single scoop of chocolate. Yeah, I know boring, right? But it was chocolate done right. Very creamy and chocolaty. My two complaints would be that the chocolate custard seemed to start melting as soon as it hit the cone, and the cone was a bit stale. .
4	I'm almost ashamed to acknowledge that I didn't know this place for the first several years I lived here because of the shop's history and popularity. This is a must-try of Champaign
5	Best place ever. Loved this place as a kid. One of the few things I miss about Champaign...haha.
4	Apparently this is Tom Hank's favorite place, how do I know that? I don't know, someone told me he visits the area and it's been declared so.Anywhos, I had never had a custard cup before, who knew in the college town of Champaign hid a custard cup place that would be as addictive as nicotine. I went 2 out of the 3 days I was in town visiting. Coffee Oreo Snowstorm on the first visit and Strawberry Shortcake Snowstorm the second trip, both costing a reasonable $3.75. Needless to say, I polished off both cups of custard each time. Supposedly 90% fat free, but I don't believe something that good could ever be fat free. The menu is huge and every combination flavor imaginable is up there, it kinda looks like a McD's Flurry, but NO IT DOES NOT TASTE LIKE ONE. It gets really packed on the weekends, I kinda want one right now, it gives me something to look forward to when I visit.
2	I have nothing against this custard place. Its old school, and an institution I'm sure. It has a ton of different menu items for the frequent visitor and I am sure that its custard is really good, compared to other custard stands.However, in my humble fat opinion, custard sucks. It is just not that good of a dairy dessert. Sorry, but custard is basically soft-serv iced cream with a little zing, owing to the addition of egg and/or a little fermentation. Anyway, not my thing. I would much rather go for scoops of "regular" American-style ice cream, a la Baskin Robbins down the street or, better yet, gelato (if its fresh) at Pekara.
3	Custard Cup is a LONG-time family-favorite (I have memories of going there when I could barely walk), but today I had such shockingly abysmal treatment from a long-time employee that I felt moved to jump on yelp to say something about it. Someone in my group was having trouble deciding between two things while we were ordering, and she said "just make up your mind, because there ARE other people waiting to order" in a nasty tone.  For the record, there were two other couples in the place and both had already ordered.  We weren't holding anyone up, and even if we had been it wouldn't be by much... and while it's her job to make sure things move along, it should NOT come at the expense of acceptable customer service. I left the place stuck between feeling shamed by the employee and shocked at her treatment of us... not the way that loyal customers should be made to feel by any business.I doubt it will affect my future patronage, because after 20+ years of Custard Cup in my life, one bad experience won't keep me from returning while I'm visiting my former C-U 'hood.  It has soured the magic for me, though, and this can no longer be one of those pristine childhood memories.  Say it ain't so - what's next, Curtis Orchard??
5	Pretty awesome. I've been going to this place since I was little, and it's been consistently good as far as I can remember.THE ONLY THING, is that I wish they had a cake batter flavor, it's my favorite and sometimes it's the only thing that brings me to Cold Stone.Other than that, I love Custard Cup. I usually get a cookie-dough snowstorm, cold-fudge sundae, butterscotch sundae, or strawberry custard, but you can never go wrong, seriously. I never feel like it's officially summer until this place is open!
5	Best custard in town. Loves. Fantastic local biz.Snicker Parfait is a winner, as is the Praline Snowstorm.Pretty much hard to go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu here!
5	Cannot believe that I went to U of I (albeit for one year) and never ever went here! Though it's a blessing in a disguise b/c I probably would have put on the legendary "freshman fifteen" during the first month of school!So glad my hotel was across the street and that I was here in November - I was able to try the Pumpkin Pie snowstorm which puts the consistency of Dairy Queen's blizzard to shame and makes the frozen custard from Culver's taste like poop in comparison.I also tried a small vanilla sundae with their signature cold fudge - wow.Also gotta love the fact that they have a drive-thru! :-)
4	Chambananites,Thank you for introducing me to this place. When I first heard about it, I was a little grossed out by the idea of "custard cup." Mainly I recall my past experience of rock-solid curd that everyone calls custard. However, I now understand that frozen custard is just a better and tastier version of ice cream. The selection of flavors is impressive and their ice cream cakes are tasty and great for parties. The biggest problems I have with the place is that they don't take credit cards and they are closed for winters. Man, I would still come to Jarling's even if it was below zero. It is that good!
5	A true Champaign classic, Jarling's does one thing, and they do it oh-so-right. Long lines, throngs of teenagers, closes relatively early - sure. But the custard is sooo worth the wait! The best time to go, if you can swing it, is lunchtime or early afternoon. I'm a fan of super, super sweet ice cream, and the Nerds Snowstorm made with strawberry custard is like being caught in a sugary blizzard. Wonderful! And honestly, you can't beat those prices. Just don't forget to bring cash (or a check).
5	Just do it.
5	Just went to Jarling's after lunch at Yellowfin. Urgent update:They now have gummy bears.I'm going to pretend that they started carrying gummy bears just because Jarling's loves me. Regardless of the real reason, I will now have a mandatory once-a-week Nerds and gummy bear snowstorm (made with strawberry custard). THANK YOU, JARLING'S. Pardon my brevity, but I need to go start shopping for some bigger pants.. Something with an elastic waist, perhaps...
4	I love this place.  It's not the best, but it' s definitely not the worst.  What's great about Jarling's is that it's always exactly the same, and that's good. Jarling's cares nothing for trends, for fashion, for progress.  You will never go there and see to your dismay that it has gotten a piercing that it thought was cool but is by now completely cliched, a tattoo of something coyly cryptic, or that it prefers only bands that are so pure that they haven't yet been formed.  It's Jarling's.  It listens to whatever station comes in best on the AM band in the car and it hopes you brought your appetite because there's a lot of stuff to eat.  It's beyond cool.  It's eternal.
5	Good custard.  They can make about anything.  Service is fast although it's a popular place so there is usually a line.
4	Great custard! Definitely will go again!
5	Not too much to really say, it's just good.  Really good.  It's got great ice cream and other frozen treats.  Some of the best I've had and the prices are reasonable too. There snowstorms also come in around 40 flavors, and this is on top of the other 100s of items on the menu.  Great service, great ice cream, great place.
3	Hmmm, not bad but I have had creamier custard.  I tried the limited edition cherries jubilee with cold fudge topping.  Was hoping for fresh cherry flavor since cherries are in season, but got a pepto-bismol pink concoction with strong overly sweet maraschino cherry flavor.  Combined with the cold fudge it tasted like those chocolate-covered cherries you can buy in a box at the drugstore.  Husband's chocolate custard with almonds on top was a much better choice.  We didn't wait in line and the service was fine.I winced at the amount of styrofoam they must be contributing to landfills, but maybe it's needed to make the custard stay cold longer.  I'd be happy to use paper and eat faster!  Cash only, kids, or take your old-fashioned checkbook.
4	I always get sad and anxious when Jarling's closes in November. My usual order is the Grasshopper snowstorm. The smallest portion is still too big. I wish they had an even smaller size!When I don't feel like eating too much ice cream, I just get a Teddy Cup. It comes with one scoop of custard (you pick the flavor) with 3-4 Teddy Grahams and a cherry. Perfect for kids...or a college student.
4	Five stars for their wide selection of choices and toppings. Seriously hugeeeee menu. Their ice cream is really smooth and soft and tasty. I've been eating custard cup since I was a little girl in Danville so Custard Cup and I go way back.It is kind of semi-expensive nowadays though. I'd be nice if things were about 30-50cents cheaper.I usually keep it simple with a chocolate chip cookie dough Snowstorm. The smallest size makes me full. Their ice cream/custard is seriously like the best I've ever had EVER.. ANYWHERE. I can vouch this for their vanilla and lemon custards.Minus one for cash only. I hate carrying cash.
5	I was born and raised in Champaign, so I grew up on this stuff.  So awesome.  I get the same thing every time because it is so darn good!  Lemon custard.  That's all I want.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.  Whenever I come home, I have to get some Custard Cup.  This place is always busy in the evenings, so you may have to wait. Sometimes there are lines that go out the door. But be patient...it's so worth it.  And it's just a sign that this stuff is good, right?  They now have a drive-thru which is really cool.  The scooped custard is nice, smooth, and creamy.  Perfect texture.  You can also buy the frozen custard in bulk.  I will get a pint and it will last me for a few days.  Now that I have self-control that is.  Before I could eat the whole thing in one evening and lick the container clean.  You will want to let the frozen custard set for a while before eating, but it will never feel the same as the fresh scooped custard from the shop.  I choose the pint because it has cost savings once you're at the point of ordering 4 or 5 scoops (can't remember which).  So something to think about.
4	Very good custard. Recommed the Georgia Peach. Nice to see them making the ice cream from scratch using big metal pails of milk.
5	So delicious. Lemon custard with cold fudge is a favorite!
4	I am not a big ice cream or frozen custard fan.  I had never been to Jarlings before and I have lived in this area all my life.  I started a new job and was asked if I wanted something from Jarlkings.  Since they were buying I said OK I will try it.  I ordered the special for simplistic sakes.  I surely could not pick one thing out of all the choices they have.  The special was a carmel apple snowstorm and it is fantastic.  I ordered a small but I couldn't finish it so I put it in the freezer and ate it again the next day and I think I liked it a little better the second time because it was frozen more than the first if that makes any sense.
5	So the story is, I was down in Champaign for the Homecoming game, and being a fan of the Travel Channel food adventure type shows, I asked my friends what is the one thing they would have to have when they are back at their alma mater. Hands down answer was Custard Cup cold fudge.What is cold fudge? How is it different from all the other's? After listening to them raving about it and the anticipation of this so called cold fudge, we have have finally arrived at the cup. I didn't realize there were so many other flavors and I was curious what they were. My friend didn't know what they were either, frankly, it didn't matter as long as cold fudge was on the menu.Finally, custard in hand, so much hype has built up that I was now thinking it would be a letdown. I took one bite and in a few minutes I am scraping deep into the styrofoam cup. I liked that it tasted like real natural chocolate. All I can say is, I am officially hooked.
3	Apparently this is THE place to go for custard, and I agree! Jarlings has the largest flavored custard menu including fan favorites like vanilla, chocolate, strawberry and I believe, orange. They also offer a weekly specialty flavor.I'm still not the biggest frozen custard fan (hence the three stars), but Jarling's, nonetheless, is still satisfying. They offer sundaes, scoops, concretes (custard with mixed in candy or flavors, i.e., they make a "grasshopper" concrete).Jarling's also has a classic, 1950s ice cream drive-in spot feel to it. There's limited seating inside, picnic tables outside, a drive thru window, ample parking, and high school kids in tye-dyed t-shirts taking your order.I also suggest getting a pint or quart to go. It's much cheaper than eating an order there.
4	Seasonal place that is always a favorite. A bit off campus but worth the drive.Take your friends here when it's hot and you'll be guaranteed thanks all night.
1	Maybe the custard is good, but this is the slowest place I have ever been in my entire life.  Honestly.....awful!!!!
5	Get the Cold Fudge Sundae.
1	Absurd wait time. We waited in a line of ~15 people for 45 minutes. I timed the group in front of us (5 orders). It took the cashier 11 minutes to put together five scoops of friggin' ice cream. No business this inefficient should be around. But obviously the ice cream is good.
4	I rate frozen custard places on one criterion: chocolate chips.  There are innumerable ways that you can have a concrete and the superior combinations involve something-CHIP (I use the blueberry-chip as a litmus test).  On the one hand, inferior custard stands will throw in a handful of actual chips, or the mini toll house chips, something like that.  They do that because they do not respect us enough to think that we care.  Culver's and DQ, I am talking to you (they are not even real custard stands, but sadly, that is all that most people will ever know).But if you do care, then you know that the way to -chip a concrete it to put a layer of the hard-shell chocolate topping into the middle -- the effect being that when you blend it the custard is infused with tiny little frozen shards of chocolate goodness.  If the custard stand respects you and your highly developed tastes, they will serve you that way.  Jarling's does that right, and earns my Champaign loyalty.That is all there is to know; the custard is good, it would have been five stars had they used fresh blueberries, but it was the first hot and humid night of the year so they get something of a pass.  So glad that summer is back....
5	I don't remember what flavor I ate or how many scoops I ordered, except that it was on a waffle basket and it was one of the best ice-creams I've had to date. My friend dragged me to this place last time, next time I'm gonna drag her, ask her what was it that I ate and have it again !Limited dining space inside (or in other words, non existent), quite a few tables outside and a really long wait is what you should be prepared for when you visit this place.
5	Best ice cream in Champaign! The banana chocolate chip snowstorm and the oatmeal cookie snowstorm are amazing!
5	custard cup never seems to let down. except when you see them take your money, hand you change, then grab the teddy grahams with their dirty hands to put in your teddy cup. ...a little dirt never killed anyone though, right? either way, custard cup is still the greatest. the perfect indulgent treat on your cheat day (which is everyday for me). pointers:one dip = one 'scoop,' two dips = two 'scoops' snowstorms are comparable to mcflurriesthey're seasonal (closed during the winter)& min of $10 for credit cards
3	It's a mom & pop ice cream place.  What's not to like?  They recently starting taking credit cards so I like them even more now ;-)
5	So good!  I've tried key lime custard, chocolate ice cream, and a blueberry milkshake.  The milkshake was amazing!  Definitely worth a stop.
5	Given how famous Jarling's is, this place doesn't need anymore 5-star reviews...AS IF!Absolutely delicious! If you're looking for a tasty, sugary treat to heaven, look no further, you've found the spot.But do beware of the largest size - unless you are Phelps or are on a "dirty bulk", you'll be consuming 3000 calories of pure sugar carbs.  Get the small size and let your taste buds go to heaven.
5	This is THE place to get frozen custard.  Forget Culvers, forget Cozie's, and definitely forget DQ -- Jarlings is the place to get frozen custard.  They have a sister-stand out in Danville that's the original Custard Cup and I have yet to go there, but I'll try and make the trek out next time we're at the Beef House.   They have their version of a "blizzard" called a "snowstorm" which is whatever kind of topping you want, mixed into their frozen custard.   I've had a few of them, but the thing that you must get (and frankly, the only thing that I get or at least go back to) is the vanilla custard with COLD fudge.  HEAVEN in a cup.  'Nuff said.
4	Jarlings holds a special place in our hearts. It's the best ice cream place in town. The staff are somewhat slow at times, and use their bare hands to put toppings on (which irritates me  because they do this immediately after handling money), but there's just no substitute. They don't have Reese's and are fussy if you ask, so just let it go. They also don't have hot fudge and get fussy if you ask. Luckily the custard is good enough that it eclipses any grievances. When we move away someday, I know I will miss this custard sorely.
5	An absolute five-star dessert place. Their custards are to die for! I LOVE their orange shake, mint chocolate chip snowstorm, lemon custard and nut parfaits. They have so many snowstorm options, you will definitely find a combination of your choice. They offer a different 'flavor of the week' every week. Of the ones I tried, found peach and peppermint to be super yummy!
5	Old school custard. You can't live here without trying it. In grad school, I lived a couple of blocks away, and I only went here a couple of times. What was I thinking? Skip your  forgettable entrees and come here instead. Delicious!
5	I love love love Jarling's!  My favorite is when they have the coconut custard and I then get cookie dough in my snowstorm.  So good!My Grams always gets their cold fudge and that's super yummy as well.  I won't lie we've gone twice in one day we love it that much.A Champaign institution and not to be missed!
5	I love Jarling's Custard. Every time I try something new, I'm never disappointed. A smooth, buttery finish with strong flavors, this place always serves the best. I usually get the coconut seasonal custard, peach cobbler snowstorm, strawberry cheesecake snowstorm, coffee/espresso snowstorm or grasshopper (mint chocolate) snowstorm. Everything here tastes divine, so don't be afraid to experiment! Also, junior cups are huge, so order in moderation.
2	I guess it fits the midwest ok..but kinda so/so. Seems really pricey for such small servings, and I dont think I would wait in a long line again for this. Nothing out of the ordinary, not sure what the ruckus is about. Try COCOMERA...seek it out, for a real experience.
4	My first visit to Jarling's was on a Saturday night after a great meal at Thara Thai, also located in Champaign. I'd actually driven past here on a previous occasion while in the Champaign area, but did not stop by. I did some research for dessert options in the area, and Jarling's seemed to be very popular.Going to Jarling's, I knew I wanted to get a snowstorm (similar to Culver's concrete mixer, DQ's blizzard). I also wanted to try their famous 'cold fudge,' which is hot fudge, but it's cold, and does not melt the custard (explanation given to me by a girl working there).Anyways, I decided to go with the Tortoise snowstorm. At first, the girl gave me the tortoise sundae, which i should have started eating, but I gave it back instead. I guess she was confused because I asked what cold fudge was, and cold fudge usually comes on the sundaes, but whatever. It was quickly corrected to a Tortoise snow storm. I also ordered  a teddy cup of the cake batter ice cream. A teddy cup at Jarling's is a dip (equvalent to a scoop) with 6 teddy grahams and a cherry. A dip would have been 1.75, but the T cup was 2.25. Not really worth it in my opinion.I was a bit confused by my snowstorm, to be honest. It said it was vanilla custard, although it came out looking like chocolate. The tortoise is supposed to feature cold fudge, almonds, and butterscotch. When the incorrect tortoise sundae was brought out, it was vanilla custard with a fudge topping. For my snowstorm, it was a different color, so I was confused. I also did not taste any butterscotch, which I was really looking forward to.I went here with my bro, and he ordered the same teddy cup, as well as a Macaroon snowstorm. I had a bit of his, and it was much better than mine. I think they may have mixed up my order, but either way, the custard was still very good.The cake batter custard was nothing special, to be honest. No pieces of cake batter, or any sprinkles.They have a weekly special of flavors, along with their regular (see their new updated website). Just a side note, we came here at 845 on a Saturday night, and it was pretty crowded inside. There are multiple benches inside, as well as a drivethru. We decided to order and head to my car, which was parked in one of the angle spots. While eating, 2 wonderlake fire dept trucks pulled on both sides of us. A girl who got out of one of the trucks decided to open her car door on my exterior, and didn't even bother to check anything. Not sure I'd want her responding to a fire of mine (nothing against jarling's, but it did happen there).15 dollars for our 4 dishes. I'm not sure if I will be getting a snowstorm or a sundae on my next trip, but I will be back! I think I should have gone with something coconut, PB, or chocolate chip based next time. I'll be honest, I was disappointed in my Tortoise, but I will go back because I love dessert, and I'd prefer this place over DQ, any frozen yogurt place, or McD. I'd actually put it on par with Culver's, but I love local business, and I'd like to see if my experience coudl be improved.
5	A Champaign staple that all the locals go to and if you attend the University of Illinois it certainly needs to be on your bucket list. The only thing you will regret about this place is not coming to it sooner! I absolutely love it from the snowstorms (their take on a blizzard) to one dips of the flavor of the week to their hot sundaes. I always try to try something new. The prices are extremely reasonable and what can be better than supporting a local business.They are not open in the winter so by the time March rolls around you are ready to have your first taste of the season. If you drive by and there are lines out the door don't turn around - the wait is worth it and not to mention will give you plenty of time to look over the menu.
4	I'm a little ashamed to admit that I've been here two weekends in a row... but the real zinger is that before my trip to Jarling's two weeks ago, I had never been there. Two whole years in Champaign, custardless - I'm just making up for lost time!About four blocks west of Memorial stadium, you could definitely walk here from campus. If I would have known about Jarling's my freshman year I would have put on the freshman 50. But seriously. Both times I've been I've gotten snowstorms (think blizzard + custard) and the junior size is more than enough. After having tried the chocolate chip cherry and blueberry cobbler mix-ins, I kind of want to make goal of trying ever flavor (kidding) - both were delish! There are windows and a line for each window, so that's something to keep in mind if you show up and it's super busy! Service is a little slow but snowstorms are definitely made with love. You can't rush a good thing! Everyone I've talked to has been personable and friendly. Outdoor seating is a little close to the road for my liking, but there's a pretty good view of campus and giant picnic tables to hang at while you shovel it in. And now I'm craving custard, great.
5	I remember visiting my uncle and going to Jarlings Custard Cup as a child. I'm an adult now and it was just as delicious as I remember! I got the Banana Cream Pie Snowstorm and it tasted better than a blizzard from dairy queen! My other family members got Root beer floats and they said that they tasted delicious as well.
4	Cute quintessential stop on a hot sunny day after a game of tennis. Luckily it wasn't too hot and sunny so it wasn't crowded. I can imagine the lines can get long because they take care to make each order special. The sweet smell of homemade waffle cone wafts through the air the moment you step inside. They must be doing something right if they've been an establishment for 30 years.  There's also a drive thru for those on the go. The custard single dip is plentiful on a waffle cone. I like how they stuff a marsh mellow at the end of the cone to stop it from dripping.  The strawberry cheesecake, grasshopper blizzards were tasty and even the marshmallow malt was good though tasted more like vanilla than marshmallow.
5	This place has so many flavors, it puts DQ to shame. So cheap, great vintage feel, outdoor seating. Short drive off campus.
5	A Champaign-Urbana institution. I've been going here since I was a kid and it's stayed consistent. Tough deciding whether to go with a Snowstorm or just some of the simple flavors in a waffle cone. The pies and ice cream sandwiches are great too.
4	Cold fudge shake = heaven.  Seriously.  I think it's my favorite cold dessert of all time.  Only give it 4/5 stars because their service is SLOW.  I drank an entire medium cup of coffee while waiting in line to get service.  And I'm a slow coffee-drinker.   The cold fudge shake is so good that it's almost worth the wait, though.
5	Fantastically amazing custard! The cold fudge sundae with vanilla custard is my favorite thing on the menu. The pumpkin pie snowstorm (seasonal) takes a close second.  We just discovered they sell frozen custard cookie sandwiches which are also yummy.  It seems like Jarlings is always open when we need to make a "late" night custard run around 9pm or so.
5	One of the first places I tried when I came to Champaign and it did not disappoint. I loved the texture of the custard with the chocolate filling and some nuts mixed in.I wish it were open longer--I don't even know when it closes but I am craving some right now.It's so delicious! It's great for the summer days definitely.
5	Great price for fantastic custard!
4	Excellent frozen treats for hot summer nights. The menu is more than just custard. Jarlings has cups, cones, sundaes, shakes, frozen cakes, and floats (i.e. rootbeer floats and other combinations). Lemon custard really hit the spot for me. The lines can be a bit long (and one day they ran out of vanilla custard, which was a buzz kill) but it is worth the wait. Also, $10 minnimun for credit card purchases could be less than fun if you're not expecting it, but they take debit cards with credit logos without a minnimum.
5	I am a fan of Frozen Custard and a bit disappointed that this place is so far from home. I ordered a Cookie Dough Snowstorm last night and have to say it tops the list of my favorites. If Ted Drew's or Ritters sat next to this place I would pass them both up and pull in here.  Gonna stop back in today before heading for home.
3	I personally think that this place is a little bit overrated. Yes, their frozen selections are definitely worth checking out, but I had better ones outside of Illinois. The place definitely had revisit values with their seasonal surprise flavor of the week. Sometimes, the flavor may be so wild that we can the cashier would prefer you to try out a sample before you finalize your purchases. My personal favorite is their vanilla sundae with crushed peanuts. Their ageless classic serves as my control group whenever I want to grasp how good a chill desert place is. It will not disappoint you! They also serves some classic items like frozen custard cake, slushies, banana split, and so forth. The place is almost always packed in weekends, but they have very few seats indoor, so expect to sit outside.
4	A great, home-town ice cream spot. (although townies will give you a hard time if you call it ice cream). No doubt you are getting a fun experience when you come here. They have everything you would come to expect from standard dips of custard in cones or bowls, to slushy-type drinks and their version of the DQ blizzard. I give it 4 stars and not 5 because it is not a great value. You will easily spend $5 for a couple scoop/dips of custard and it is hard to shell out that kind of cash when there is 50 cent soft-serve down the street. Also, it never fails to frustrate me that their will only take credit cards if your total order is over $10. So be prepared with cash unless you are buying for you group/family!
4	My go-to ice cream place in the summer! The lines are usually long and you have to wait a while, but they have some delicious snowstorms! They also have a drive-thru, which I have never used, but that is because I like to sit out front at the tables in the parking lot. Perfect place to go with friends on a beautiful summer night for a yummy treat!
4	The only negative thing i have to say about this place is that the lines are confusing and i had no idea if i need to stand in a particular line based off what i wanted to order or if i could just jump in wherever.That being said, this place is awesome and very fairly priced. To say they have a shit ton of options would be something like saying The Beatles had a few fans. I will definitely be back here if i am ever passing through the Champaign region. Get out there, check it and yelp it!
5	Wow.It's a frosty treat that's like ice cream but... creamier?There are approximately two billion ways to make a "snowstorm" (just like a Dairy Queen blizzard).  I was advised the lemon version was incredible, but when I ordered it, they were out of lemon.  Curse you, Custard Gods!I went with a mint chocolate chip snowstorm and it was the perfect treat.Please question the sanity of anyone who doesn't enjoy the hell out of this cool throwback treat shack.
5	I dig this place! The fact that it's constantly packed every day of the week tells me this place must be doing something right! Tried the snowstorms, which are the Jarling's equivalent to a Dairy Queen Blizzard. Overall great ice cream, good for date nights or the "just 'cuz!" moments! They're still old school  with their drive through with only one window and can only take, and make, a single order rather than build a queue of orders to help speed things along. Worth the wait in my opinion though!
3	If you want your frozen custard to stay frozen, come in February. The custard here melts as soon as you breathe on it, and as someone who hates melted ice cream, I find this quite annoying. The variety of the snowstorms is plentiful but they are a bit stingy on the toppings. Again, these are supposed to be something of a Frosty but are actually just borderline sugar milk. The price for that is a bit hefty. If you like thick, flavorful custard, stick to Culver's. Otherwise just go to Coldstone and get freaking ice cream. The one redeeming point though is that it kept its vintage decor and feel, and that's super cute! I also love how its a central hubbub for townies during warm summer nights. It's definitely a place to visit, but maybe just once.
3	This lil spot seems like a cute family run joint & maybe it is but I'm more of an ice cream kinda guy. Being that it was close to Hooters, where I jus had dinner, and craving DQ, I decided to giv it a shot since they're rather famous in the area. I had a double scoop in a waffle cone of strawberry & mango for jus under $4. Not bad right? Well the scoops were rather small and did I mention I prefer ice cream? Only 3* for decent taste.
5	This is such a local gem. Everyone from the 217 knows this place as a symbol of their childhood. The crazy lines are part of the experience. Use it as an opportunity to observe the townies, we're interesting people. You have to pick a side though, are you going to call it Jarling's or Custard Cup? Cold fudge is their specialty, and yeah, it really is better cold.
4	Who doesn't love lemon custard?  So refreshing!  And really great in a lemon chiffon snowstorm.  The only negative is the long lines - but still worth it!
4	we  had  2  cups of  custard  with sauce  and 1  waffle cne.good stuff,   service  seemed a bit  slow....people who had friends, had them cut in line.for the wait  & price.....i'll pass  on this place unless it's empty.
5	Seems like some people in Champaign don't appreciate what they have in this place.  Reasonably priced, great tasting custard and sundaes. They now accept cards as payment, and their service is always solid. It's amazing to me that people are really making comments about the time it takes to get served. It's a popular place, and I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes. Best ice cream in the area, hands down.
5	Restaurant reviewFrozen custard, just what you need on a hot summer day. This place is a real gem with the low cost ice cream that puts to shame other ice cream stores. Do you know what makes custard a custard and not ice cream, it contains egg yolk in it. Just a random fact for the day. This place is always busy in the summer time with your selection of waffle cone ice cream, sundaes, snowstorms, and shakes. The ice cream "custard" is super smooth. Flavors are usually limited to vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, and the special for the day. But you can have a lot of different mix-in to make your own snow storm. You can eat right outside the benches or drive through. All and all this place is simply amazing!Pro: inexpensive ice cream "custard", fast serviceCons: only open during the summer, credit card can only be used if you are purchasing 10 dollars or moreHidden gem:Snowstorm card, for every 9 you buy you get one free
3	Stopped at this local favorite while in the C-U area last week. I got a medium peanut butter and chocolate (I forget the name but its basically a blizzard) and my hubby got the same type of thing but with coffee and oreos. The mediums are a good size (I wanna say 16 oz.?), though a bit expensive at $4.95. The price seemed a bit steep only because this is a custard place and to be honest, I've had better custard. Theirs wasn't bad, it just wasn't as extraordinary as the locals we went with made it out to be. Pros: lots of outdoor seating and some minimal indoor seating, they take cash and credit, varietyCons: no bathroom which meant my 3 year old nephew had to be walked across the (fairly busy) street to pee instead of just going while we waited for the order. This left both him and dad with melted custard when they returned. Also, and this is one of my pet peeves, they charge for water. I understand that the cup costs money and all that but if I'm dropping $30 on custard then I'd like to skip the 10 cent charge for the water.
5	Is the heatwave burning up your body? Well, this place will bring a wonderful cool breeze to your exhausted soul. I personally had a banana split and it was absolutely amazing. I would recommend these icy treats to anyone who is in the mood for a dessert.
4	Stopped here after a friend mentioned that it was really good and was surprised after I mentioned I had not been there before. The place has so many different options of custard and sundaes, great sizes, and reasonable prices. I got the Peanut Butter Cup junior Snowstorm custard cup and it was amazing! Very delicious and filling. A 3 oz junior size cup is all you need, guaranteed. My friend let me try her Lemon Chiffon Pie and it was decent and tasted like lemon cookies. The custard seemed to melt relatively fast though. I only have been here once, but I definitely would recommend it.
1	The service is so slow it's ridiculous.  It can take 20-30 minutes for a cup.  It's an okay product but the service is unbearable.
5	Jarlings Custard cup.. quite the Urbana Champaign institution it is. And deservedly so. It is only open part of the year, so its a question of making hay when the sun shines. There are long lines, cash only (till recently I think), but the custard is creamy, fresssh! and so worth the wait. They have a huge menu with all sorts of floats, sundaes and ice cream sandwiches but good ol' custard is something you just cannot beat!
5	Greatest ice cream ever. If you are within 300 miles of Urbana-Champaign, take an unforgettable detour to Jarling's. You can thank me after you have swooned on two large scoops of their vanilla "custard"  ice creams topped with pecans, bananas  and fudge
3	It was tasty, but I've definitely had better (and for less money mind you).
3	First, the vanilla custard and cold fudge are great. Unfortunately, the other custard flavors seem to be made with artificial colors and flavors. The key lime tastes like green Skittles, and the strawberry has a strong resemblance to cheap, pink bubble gum. This was probably okay back in the 1960s, but now it's kinda gross.
4	I've had my share of vegan ice creams and this place is definitely at the top. I got a scoop of their peanut butter and jelly plus a scoop of coffee. Both were very tasty, although I'm a Pb lover, so I did like that flavor more.They seem very environmentally conscious in their decor/materials, too. Compo stable cups for water and regular silverware/spoons for taste testing. They were very generous with giving samples too, which was nice I hate feeling guilty for asking for several.There are lots of great places to eat in the Jarling's Custard Cup, so pair this place up with another restaurant destination and you'll be happy you saved room for dessert!
1	Jarlings serving sizes suck. I bought a $4.63 (MED) cold fudge sundae and it was 3/4 inch below the rim of the cup including the fudge. When I mentioned it I might as well have been speaking gibberish because it didn't even register with the employee ( who was training a new person) . I wouldn't recommend them for their poor service and poor portions. Thanks for listening.
5	Best ice cream place in town.  I love their snow storm. Every time I ordered big one. Sitting outside with it. Life is so good. Only it is a pity that it closes at winter :(
