3	Wing Stop obviously is a chain that sells chicken wings.  Not buffalo wings because I have recently learned that buffaloes do NOT actually have wings.  Nope, not even under all that hair.This particular Wing Stop is much like the others I have been to, but the staff here was cool and very helpful.The wings could be a bit bigger, IMO, but at least they are more tasty than wings at *other* places that mock owls.  Without all that breading.Go for the Atomic...it's mouth-watering!
5	If you rate this place less than 4 stars and think BWW is better than Wing Stop there is something wrong with you and are NOT a wing expert.Hands down this is the best wing place in down. The wings are made to order unlike BWW where they place them in a warming oven (why do  you think they come out so fast?). They have less fewer flavors for the wings than BWW but the choices they offer are really great - I always go for the Orginal Hot...they are not too hot but not too mild, very flavorful and this is sauce that is finger-looking good!I also  would suggest the fries, they are awsome as well!! They put a sugar salt on them that made them very tasty!! The staff is always friendly and always pretty steady with customers.
4	I love Chicken Wings! Wing stop has the best chicken wings in size. Smaller wings to me are better than big giant wings that make you think.....hhhhmmmmm?? Wings with Steroids?I additionally love that  Wing Stop has different flavors, although I tend to stick with the normal plain extra crispy wings with Hot Sauce on the side. My favorite thing to do as if I was making love in a very non-sexual way, but metaphorically speaking of my passion in the love of wings...is when dipping the wings in the hot sauce, then blue cheese dressing, soon after flying the wing into my mouth with every scrumptious tasteful bite and eating every meat, skin and cartilage leaving the bone spotless as if it has been hand washed with Palmolive! So orgasmic!! Snap! Back to earth.....the only downfall is that wings can get pricey especially when I can eat as much as Man VS. Food and devour 30 wings with no problem!! My only wish is that they should have special prices on the wings weekly. Nevertheless, I cannot help but to occasionally visit Wing Stop to satisfy my wing cravings!
3	Lunch today was from Wingstop. Myself and two co-workers decided to call our orders in since the online ordering requires a credit card payment. I went with the 10 piece combo, boneless. I was allowed to choose 2 wing flavors, I went with Original and BBQ. The combo also came with fries, which I decided to swap out for potato salad. I also got a side of ranch dressing and a soda for $6.99.The order was ready when the employee said it would be, that is a plus. When we got the food back to the office, the first thing I noticed was the lack of any kind of marking on the outside of the containers. All three had to be opened to see which was which. I've had better wings. And potato salad for that matter. Maybe I would have been happier with other flavors? The original was fine, had a kick to it but not too hot. The BBQ is also fine, a little sweet, but I personally prefer a bit more tang to my BBQ sauce. I tried some of the fries my co-worker got and definitely regretted making the swap for potato salad. I will probably try Wingstop again on a later date, but I will certainly order differently.
4	Went back twice cuz we didn't order enough wings for our team potluck! Good service, but 20 mins for 50 pieces of wings? Might be a big too long? Good wings though...you can't go wrong. -regular hot-garlic parm-lemon peppersAll flavors were good.
1	I had much better wings in other places.  I thing most of the wings was over cooked.
4	I need to start by saying I eat boneless wings almost every chance I get because in my head I justify them as being healthy and "low carb" with complete disregard for the breading. Wing Stop is stellar for several different reasons. Especially this specific location.For one thing, they get your name when u are ordering and they actually use it again for personal touch. LOVE this. Secondly the wings.......served hot, cripsy and fast! The flavor of the BBQ sauce is a love affair in my mouth of sweet, brown sugar and smokey mesquite goodness. I cannot recomment the BBQ with ranch dipping sauce enough. Now, the Pamesan Garlic didn't do it for me. This still did not stop me from stuffing them in my face, but just not as sexy as the BBQ.The food is delicious and the staff is on point with the service by making me feel welcomed from the moment I walked in until I left. The only reason why they are not getting a five star is because I still think Wingstop is a bit pricey. Here's a tip though. On Monday and Tuesday they do offer .50 cent boneless wings....... Just don't let my stalkers know this!!!!
4	Wing Stop really is probably the best place for wings in Vegas. In fact, some of the best wings anywhere. And if I know anything, I know wings.Wing Stop is quick, easy, and delicious. And I really have no complaints about this location.The boneless wings seem to leave something to be desired. Same with the newer additions to their menu. Just stick to the basics. Go with the standard wings and fries.  The original hot and cajun are my favorite flavors. Sometimes I'm feeling frisky and opt for the atomic. Even better, I order half original hot, half cajun, and get a side of the atomic sauce (yep, they will do that).Be sure to order the wings wet. The star of the show here is the sauce. Go extra wet.And don't forget the cheese sauce for the fries.For me, it takes 4 things to be a great wing place:1) The wings themselves must be of good quality. White and meaty.  *check*2) The sauce covering the wings must be exceptionally delicious and spicy.  *check*3) The dipping sauces must be excellent. All too often, great wings are ruined by horrible blue cheese sauce. But not here. Wing Stop has some of the best blue cheese sauce I have ever had. And the ranch is pretty good too.  *check*4) There has to be a good side to go with the wings. And the fries at Wing Stop, especially with the cheese sauce, are well above average.  *check*So yeah, go get some wings from here.
5	I used to swear by Buffalo Wild Wings, until my girlfriend introduced me to Wing Stop.  While they might have less of a selection when it comes to flavors of wings don't hold that against them.  The Wings are awesome, I have tried BWW a few times since eating at Wing stop and they just don't compare.
3	Close and convenient. It does the trick when I'm in the mood for wings.Go on Tuesdays or Wednesdays and they have 50 cent wings. Why do I always end up there on a Thursday or Monday, though. Grrr.They don't have nearly the variety of a Buffalo Wild Wings, but they are pretty inexpensive so that's a plus.
5	Me and my co-workers always get the best service.  They have no problem with us faxing in an order and the food is ready when we arrive.  The food is excellent.  I love the cripsy texture of the wings, and the boneless strips are GREAT also.  On one of our visits, they gave us a ton of free food to sample all the new items on the menu.  I highly recommend this place.  BTW, the RANCH is the best!!!!
5	I love all the wing they have even the dips too
5	i'm not much into chains but this place is awesome. good wings, good deals, and the ambiance is cool...they have plane memorabilia everywhere lol and i think the way they offer paper towels is pretty neat too...u just get as much as u want coz those wings can gt messy. the only thing i dnt like it they charge for the dipping sause when u want extra, but i guessed this is there way of cutting down.
3	Wings were great! Only 3 stars because the customer service was horrible. The manager, who looked like he was a teenager and arms covered with tattoos (doesn't look very professional, maybe a long sleeve shirt would have helped him look more professional since his attitude didn't help), had a smart a** attitude and was rude. When we got back to office with our food, they completely screwed up our order. My coworkers and I will be eating wing stop again, BUT at another location, hopefully one with better customer service .
4	I wasn't a big fan of wings until I had the lemon pepper wings from Wing Stop.  I love the fact that they naked fry their wings.  I don't like the heavy battered wings.  Yuck.  Back in Houston, I would eat those wings at least once a month.  Honestly, I did not like the fries the few times I had it in the beginning, but I grew quite fond of them.  There must be sugar as one of the ingredient of the seasoning or something.  Whatever it is, I dig.The good thing about Wing Stop is that they all make the same delicious wings, from taste to texture.  I have not found a soggy wing yet...and hopefully will never!!!  Anyways, since we were on a time crunch, I put the order in online for dine-in and that was very convenient.  The website is user-friendly too.  When we arrived, our food was ready for our consumption.  The staff were nice. If Wing Stop wasn't so far from where I live, I will definitely come back more often.
3	The wings are large (they have Wings, Boneless, and Chicken strips) they have about 6 to 8 different flavors so not much of a selection, A meal is about $8, and I think the worst part about the place is that they take FOREVER to get your food out- yes, the food is made fresh, but if you're on a time crunch I don't recommend eating here. The seating area is small. I like what they do with the fries though, they add a bit of sugar to it so their sweet (regular and seasoned fries available)
4	10 piece bone-in wings, original hot. That's my order every time I eat here. The wings always have that perfect amount of heat that makes my mouth burn and feel heavenly at the same time. The wings here are usually pretty big compared to some wing places I've been to. They each have just the right amount of sauce on them and a good amount of meat. Now let's move on to the good part...THE FRIES!  The fries here are soo delicious. The seasoning they use makes the fries so addicting. I always save them for last because they're my favorite part of the meal.  Quick tip though: if you don't like salt, stay away from them.
3	The fries - its all about the fries mostly. Fresh cut and still in their skin, these are long and tasty pieces of potatoes. It clearly brought me back to an East Coast boardwalk or any boardwalk where you find those fries that they stuff into a cup at like $6 for a cup, but nobody cares because they are just so darned tasty. Ok, back to the wings, I ordered a 6 piece combo deal of boneless wings in Hickory smoked BBQ sauce. These were solid white meat and crunchy on the outside which was perfect to dip into my blue cheese that surprised me with some actual chunks of the cheese floating in the dressing. Also, like that wacky soda fountain where you just push a button and you can have like 100 different choices. Fanta Orange Zero was new to me.   Well, the reason I got those fries was because I didn't notice the giant stand up poster advertising Boneless Wings for 50 cents on Monday and Tuesday and the nice young girl at the counter never mentioned the deal either. I would have skipped those fries if I was in the know, so it turned out decent. Also, minus a star for the dude (manager?) who was wearing his hat backwards in the store and then decides to smoke his cigarette semi-close to where I was eating at 10pm at their outside tables. Although, I didn't really catch too much of the cig smell, this dude clearly shoulodn't be smoking right outside in the front. If I had seen that before I entered, it would have been a quick U-Turn. Overall though, food was good for a Wing joint and good help is hard to find anyway these days.
4	I used to come here weekly for lunch.  Honestly, it's a bit far from work so I don't come out here nearly as much as I used to.They have a new soda machine which is amazing.  It's one of those coke machines with the touchscreen and hundreds of combinations of drinks.  Gotta love that.  Except when the old people who don't like technology take their sweet time trying to figure it all out.The fries are amazing, though I should admit they aren't most peoples style.  They are quite limp (but not soggy).  They have a good thickness which allows you to actually taste the potato.  They salt the hell out of them so make sure you order without salt though.The ranch dressing here is also awesome.  It's thin without being watery.  Normally I like a thick ranch, but wingstop manages to make a thin sauce that's really perfect for dipping.The wings (boneless and strips) themselves are about average.  They do have some good sauces though (If doing boneless, I recommend ordering the sauce on the side for dipping).  My personal favorite is the hawaiian.  Beware of the mild sauce as it's really watery/runny.
5	yummaaaaaaay....open till midnight! Chill outside on the patio at night, or during the day if its not 110 degrees. Fresh veggies, tasty blue cheese dip. Weird baked beans, more like baked bean soup. They tell everyone 18 minutes for the order to be ready. You may want to call ahead if your impatient.
4	One of the BEST locations out there. I live in Los Angeles and always make it a point to stop by this spot when in Vegas.  Have NEVER had a bad experience.  Friendly, pleasant staff..extremely nice management, fresh chicken done just the way you order it, CLEAN table & restrooms.  Really wish some of the ones in Los Angeles would take a page from this locations customer service book.
4	Heard about Wing Stop from my sister due to the special on Monday and Tuesday.If you are looking for take-out, be sure to call in 15-20 minutes in advance or you may have to wait.Though the advertisement said it was 50 cent boneless, the store has upped the price to 60 cents per wing for some time which is still cheaper than normal price. Tried the bone-in classic and I personally found them better than the boneless wings at Wing Stop due to the salty-ness. When the wings were boneless, the seasoning was a little too salty for me compared to the bone-in classic.Tried the atomic, and it isn't as spicy as I thought. Both the atomic (spiciest at Wing Stop) and Cajun (their main flavor) were both spicy to the tongue, however, tolerable if you are into spicy foods. Do not try if you are not into spicy food. However, if you are, these are definitely ones to try. Both to me seemed to taste fairly similar except for that Atomic had cracked pepper in the spicy rub. If you are not into spicy, tried some of the classic bone-in wing with Lemon Pepper, and those were addicting. It is something to try, recommend it.Wing size compared to other places I've been to, are bigger, which is good if you like it with a little more meat. Overall, good place, near where I live, and though they do get busy on special days, so be sure to call in beforehand!
3	The wings and sauce were good but seemed to be way overpriced.  Also, the actual size of the wings seemed a little on the small side.  I do love the soda fountain with 108 combinations though.  Since I've found out that BWW has a "drums only" option, I don't think I will be coming back to Wing Stop.
5	Loved from Phoenix to LV. amazing fries and the wings are perfectly cooked with flavors out this world
5	Awesome!  If you haven't tried the Louisiana Rub, you should. It is the BOMB! Just the right amount of kick. Delicious!Sabrina P.
4	Sometimes you just need to dig into a basket of wings and indulge a bit.I love love their lemon pepper wings...I usually order them boneless but I like both. Their french fries are also pretty good as well.Service staff is quick and friendly. They make their wings when you order then so it'll take 10-15 minutes for your order to come out.  Wingstop is my go to spot when I'm craving chicken wings ^*^
5	I love me some wings especially when they are from wing stop I usually get the boneless Louisiana rub it is the bomb and the kick is out of this world lol.  The staff is really quick and really friendly never been to a place well a few but not like this place where they were really friendly and helpful when it comes to ordering.  It usually takes 10-15 minutes for your order to come out and that is perfect so when I am craving some chicken wings or boneless wings I go to wing stop.
4	They are building one of these places by where I live. And I had to find out if it was any good while in Vegas. I was very impressed with the food we had. The boneless wings are nicely breaded with the perfect amount of sauce. But the thing I wasn't prepared for was the bone in wings. They use a dry rub for all of them. And at first I thought I usually only like saucy wings? But these were really good! I hope the location going in by me does everything the same. I will be going a lot if they do.
2	Meaty wings, bland sauces. I don't like a whole lot of spice on my wings, so ordered the mild and the garlic parm, but still expected SOME flavor...not so much. I made my own sauce and tossed the wings in them- much better. Good quality chicken. Avoid the fries.
5	Wings were cooked right& good size. Staff was great, it took a while that was because they cooked fresh to order- defiantly worth a visit
2	Yep, they have wings... Their flavors are bland, the meat was dry, the fries were OK. I probably won't go back because there are so many other wing places that are better.
4	One of my favorite places to go for lunch during the work week. I always get the boneless strips, cajun or hawaiian. Love that they have the drink machine with over 100 choices. Fries are very good. 5 boneless strips, fries and a drink is $8-9.
4	If you are reading this you are obviously having that inner battle with yourself of whether you should have wings for dinner or not. If that is what is happening right now I am going to go out on a limb and assume that it sounds a little something like mine once did. Lets see if I can help to answer any of your questions.Hmm Wing stop... I wonder if they have good wings?You bet your wing loving ass they do!I really like spicy but my significant other doesn't, ugh if they don't have something for her/him this isn't going to work.Of course they do Dumbo... You just throw down some Cajun or Atomic Wings and let your less spicy less interesting other half toss down some garlic Parmesan or lemon pepper wings.The question is.... Ranch or Blue Cheese?Sorry, I never said I would answer all of your questions, I truly despise blue cheese so your on your own here.Boneless or bone in??Considering a boneless wing is really not a wing at all I personally stick to the true wings and go for bone in. But for all you, " Oh i really want wings/Chicken Nuggets" People out there, I would assume the boneless would do the trick.Lets just stop playing this 50 Questions game, stop being a sissy and go pick up a 20 count 1/2 Cajun 1/2 Atomic bone in wings and fries. Ready GO!!! You won't be disappointed, make sure you order ahead on the app or online to avoid waiting 20+ minutes for those delicious little wings... Also remember, Red bull doesn't give you wings, Wing Stop does.
5	This place is amazing! They have great chicken! Bone in and boneless I love the garlic parmesan. You can get there in house made chips or fries and both are phenomenal. And don't forget to try the yeast rolls! Plus they have that 1 million combination coke machine for so many different flavor combination
4	Same as all other wing stops which is kind of comforting. It was nice to get off the strip for some east tasty food. Near Walgreens and easy to get to and easy to park. Great soda machine with tons of options.
1	I love wingstop and I've never had an issue until I came to this particular store.  My fries were soggy and my wings had no sauce.  If I order the mild sauce, I'm expecting there to be mild sauce on them.  I should not have to specify I want my wings wet.  If I wanted wings with no sauce I would tell you.  I went back the next day and they had to verify my story by calling the manager at home.  This time the fries were great but once again there was no sauce on the wings.  It blew my mind.  If I would have ordered, let's say the teriyaki wings, would I need to specify that I want them wet so I would actually get teriyaki sauce on them?  Nobody working there even apologized for the whole situation.   This is the worst wingstop I've ever been to.  Every other wingstop has been great.   I'd go to another wingstop if you can.
4	Amazing! The lemon pepper wings and the honey bar-b-que have to be the best in my opinion and my favorite! The homemade blue cheese they make is to die for even though its expensive I still buy extra for my fries! Which by the way the fries are amazing here just make sure you get there before your order is done though' these fries seem to get cold super fast and aren't as enjoyable after reheating! But.. Then again most foods that were precooked prior to warming back up aren't very tasty! This location is almost always clean with fridbdly staff!
4	New flavor I tried was their very own signature mango habanero wings!! The taste was wing stop alright,sweet yet spicy and tolerable. Their cheese fries are my favorite to pair up with the wings.
4	Word in the streets is that Wing Stop has the best chicken wings around...I decided to see for myself and here I am a year later, Duchess of Wing Stop.So I go here a lot. That doesn't mean I think it's perfect (notice the 4/5). But one thing I value most in establishments is consistency. With Wings Stop I know I'll get hot, crispy, flavorful chicken wings because they always make me wait a blasted 18-23 minutes. That's how you know it's fresh. Service is quick and curt. The only downside for me is that it's a little pricey but it prevents me from eating it daily and getting high cholesterol I guess.Favorite aspects are the unsweetened tea, blue cheese dip, seasoned fries, and I always always get lemon pepper. Also team classic wings for life. I don't think I ever craved wings so much until I started coming here. Curse you, Wing Stop!
5	Best wings in town, in my opinion. I always stick with original hot. Their atomic flavor tastes like some weird peppered beef jerky. That's disappointing to someone like myself who loves spicy food. But overall, I've never had a bad encounter as far as the food or employees go. It's always been a grand experience.
4	Atmosphere was great, but I wasn't too fond of the flavors. The chipotle barbecue didn't have much flavor to it and the medium sauce tasted sweet rather than spicy. Regardless, they have many flavors and I look forward to trying more.
3	Fried chicken wings with many flavors as options and dipping sauces, SOLD. I love me some chicken wings and wings top may have the meatiest around. I unfortunately found them to be a lot more greasy than some other places but the size and flavor options made the a decent ouch choice.
3	I LOVE chicken wings. Wing Stop makes em' perfectly! I always order the lemon pepper, well done. I decided to get the 6 piece combo on my last visit here for lunch yesterday. You can choose up to 2 flavors, even for a 6 piece. But since I love my lemon pepper I ordered them all the same, well done with ranch and a side of cheese for my fries. The girl quoted me 20 mins for well done wings, no problem. The combo comes with a drink and fries. They have the freestyle coke machine so you can get a million different soda combos.  Anyway 20 minutes later my food was done and I was a happy camper. I do have to say the lady who was ringing me up, with the glasses, has NO manners. She didn't say please, thank you, or your welcome. She needs to be retrained because she wasn't pleasant at all, and almost made me not want to eat there. Sucks when a place has good food but shitty people running it.
3	The food is fine. The wait is forever.  Do NOT call while u are on your way there.  You will be on hold forever.  Once i was already in their parking lot from the rio before they answered.  And that includes the 5-6 mins just to walk room to car.   This is every time.  Maybe hire someone to asn the phone?Today I was on hold 11 mins.  Took screenshot of the wait.  I prob won't be back.
5	I will not eat wings from anywhere else, I love Wingstop so much. Lemon pepper and Teriyaki wings are so yummy. Me and my family always order the family pack which has 35 wings, large fries, veggies and dips for a good price.
4	Ate here again and the wings are just as good as the last time I came here got the Louisiana rub and atomic hot still hot just like I remember it the cheese fries are good maybe my regular meal when I come here next time overall I enjoyed the food and will continue to come back to this location the only negative is the customer service can be a little better but other then that I plan to come back again.
3	I went to bed late the night before, and still woke up at 6:30am. I don't even actively day trade stocks right now, so that was annoying.  In spite of the less than stellar start to the day, my favorite Asian agreed to meet me for lunch and I offered her a choice between wings or ramen.  Deep down I knew she was gonna pick chicken wings, but nearly every fiber of my being was hoping she would surprise me again and go for ramen.  It was barely in the mid 50s at the time we were exchanging texts, negotiating my term of unconditional something or other.  While she casually mentioned that she wasn't at home but was at one of the mid-tier Strip hotel.  Okay, maybe the guy spent all his budget on 12 Blue Moon and 8 Red Bull (sugar free), plus the room and there was nothing left for brunch. Whatever the case, he is off to ride back to his crib on the West side or Cali or wherever.  A lot of weeds to whack to get the girl, that's just the reality and the struggle.Anyway, I will skip the tangential details and get straight down to the business of reviewing my very first ever Wingstop experience.  As you are probably already aware, there are multiple Wingstop locations dotted throughout the Las Vegas valley.  Most locations open at 11am, but this location on Tropicana wins the early bird prize by opening at 9am.  The simple menu is the same, as far as I can tell, across all locations.  You basically have wings (classic bone-in and boneless) and crispy chicken tenders to select from, with 11 wing flavors and whatever limited time promo they are offering.  The dipping sauces (ranch, honey mustard, blue cheese and spicy chipotle) are extra, unless you order their combos or family packs. Their fries are actually not bad, and a large is really more than enough.Service is swift and professional. But your order will still take up to 18 minutes, which the cashier will inform you as you place your order.  So call ahead or be prepared to wait.The wings was just okay, because my wings were on the overcooked side, and not really moist and juicy.  The Cajun sauce was spicy, but tolerable, but eat a lot and the heat will build up and surely burn you later.  Lemon Pepper was good, but damn was it salty.  Hawaiian was decent, with mild sweetness and no heat.  You also have the option to ask for your wings to be served "wet".Overall, the food was okay (3 stars).  Spending time catching up over a bunch of fried chicken wings with my fav Asian, talking about random stuff made the Wingstop excursion well worth the price of a 24 piece family pack (which was surprisingly heavy - pretty sure it is enough to split with 4 people with normal appetite).  I would do it again if she still wants wings.
5	this place is the best in town, i talked to victor when i place my order he promised everything was right and i was amazed it was and all was well done .... thank you victor your place is great
3	Ordered delivery through Postmates for the late night movie at home - the name wasn't revealed at the time, but the Wingstop name was on the tag when delivered.There's nothing to rave about, but maybe because it's just chicken wings. Heh.
2	I gave them two star just because of the service (staff). This place can easily get a five star but the customer service needs an overhaul.Food is great.
