5	Dana Realty Group rocks! You can tell from your first encounter with them that they are very knowledgable people and know exactly what is going on in the Real Estate field.  Brent and Wendi make an awesome team and are by far the most honest and friendly real estate agents I have ever dealt with. They definitely go out of their way to help you in the process. For me buying my first house was a scary thing and they walked me through it step by step. I highly recommend them! Thanks Dana Realty Group!
5	My husband and I are considering a move later this year, so we made an appointment with Wendi to view some houses and get a feel for the area.   Wendi was fantastic!  We felt really lucky to find someone so personable who also had an in-depth knowledge of the area's history and neighborhoods.  She clearly has a well-established network of experts at her disposal, and I'm positive that if we do move to Las Vegas, we will use her services, and that we will have the best chance for a successful transition due to her expertise.I'd recommend her without hesitation.
5	Wendi manages a couple of my properties in Las Vegas. She is knowledgeable, professional and above all very honest. Both my houses were rented within a week they were listed on the market. In addition, she has a network of people from handymen, home inspectors, painters etc. who can get any repair related work at a very reasonable price. I would highly recommend her property management services to all looking for a great, no hassle property manager.
5	Wendi Dana has been one of the biggest blessings in my life! Her professionalism, intricate knowledge of the Vegas real estate market (both sales & property management), and the strict code of ethics that she and her whole team abide by should have U looking no further for ANY OF YOUR REAL ESTATE NEEDS! FUN FACT: I am pleased to say that when she opened the property management side of her business I was the very first person, in the very first house that she had ever shown or rented to! To watch at how successful she has become over the past years with this division of her business brings me great joy and happiness. It is very rare that U will come across another Wendi in your life because WENDI IS THE TRUTH AND ONE OF MY FAVORITE PEOPLE ON EARTH. I say this knowing what a dear friend she has become to both me and my two daughters. My girls especially love her and appreciate greatly the family recipes she has shared with us...Forget the rest. Dana Realty Group is by far the best!!!!
5	Wendi was awesome! She's personable and professional. We own a couple investment/rental properties in Vegas but live in California -- You can imagine how much of a headache it would be to commute back and forth to take care of a few quick fixes. Better to leave that to a property management company. She'll help market your property and find ideal tenants to produce a return on your investment.Overall a great experience so far!PS: Tech savvy and prompt!
5	We have been working with Wendi and Dana Realty Group for the past several years. They manage rental houses for us in the Vegas area and do an absolutely outstanding job filling vacancies, managing tenants and dealing with the upkeep of the properties. They respond to issues immediately and conscientiously and pleasantly, and are very knowledgeable about the Las Vegas realty market.  I highly recommend this group!
5	Dana's service has been outstanding.  I had to fire my previous property management company and came across Dana Realty Group on yelp.  Needless to say Dana and her team deserves all the 5 stars.  She was able to receive my property get it cleaned up and rented in a short time.  Although we had to drop the price on the rental property, it was worth it to get it rented ASAP. But we worked together on finding an agreeable strategy.  She's very responsive too!  Thank you Dana.
5	Dana Realty is amazing!I live out of state and had a property in Las Vegas that I needed to either rent or sell.  My husband found Wendi through Yelp, and she and Brent helped us make the right decision (we decided to sell--in retrospect the best decision I could have made).  They handled the sale from start to finish without a glitch.  I expected to have to fly to Las Vegas to get the property ready, but amazingly didn't have to--they handled everything, from getting the property ready to show to emailing me all documents.We had an offer in less than a week, and the sale was effortless from my perspective. Most importantly (and this was key, working from a distance), I knew I could trust them completely.Highly, highly recommend them.
5	Wendi was one of the most professional and friendly real estate agents I have ever dealt with, and I have gone through a lot of different agents. What really set her apart from the others was her knowledge and over all ease of communication. I would recommend Dana realty group for everyone in the Vegas area trying to sell or rent out  their home.
5	Dana Realty Group absolutely deserves the 5 star ratings here on Yelp. Wendi (the owner) is one of the nicest and most real person I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with. Even when I had to delay renting my home out for several months while working through divorce proceedings, I never felt pressured by Wendi and in fact she was absolutely supportive of making things work out on my timeline. Her flat fee is a bargain and her attention to detail when it comes to making certain my home is kept in good condition with reliable tenants is awesome. Wendi is also super responsive by phone or text messages, at most within 24 hours and usually within a few minutes of trying to contact her I will get a response back. I am a very satisfied customer of Wendi's and I would recommend her to anyone requiring property management services.
1	Well, my husband and I were excited to rent our first house off of the Air Force Base and chose the perfect one before going into Dana Realty to pay for the application. We had a list of questions and pictures of our two pets and money in hand. When we walked in, we asked the questions and they did not know the answers to ANY of them. They said that they would get them back to us asap. We asked if our lab/mastiff mix would be an issue since he is about 50 lbs. They assured us he would be fine and knowing that my husband and I surpassed all of the other requirements, we thought we were a shoe in for the house. After waiting about a week and contacting Dana Realty everyday, we still had no answers to our questions. Finally, we were sent an EMAIL saying that our application was denied because of our pet. The owner only wants small dogs in the home. Why would they lie to us and then let us pay the $100 application fee if there was literally a ZERO percent chance we would get the house? We tried to explain that the dog is not actually that large (he come up to my knees and I am 5'2"), but apparently the owner refused to even look at the pictures of him after I sent in a dozen and a description of him. The phone call after was very rude and they did nothing to help us after the fact. I will not be going through them and would not recommend them to anyone else.
5	Been with Dana Realty almost one year. Took recommendations from Wendi and rented my prroperty within a month. Very happy with this company. Statements e-mailed every month. Becky assisted me on two occasions and was veryhelpful. Recommend highly.
