5	They have amazing service and a great price.  Great quality work too.
4	A hard-learned truth: It is better to get a used bike that was well built 20 years ago and has been carefully tuned up than a brand new Wal-Mart bike. Don't believe me? buy a big box bike, then ask yourself how much you still love your ride 3 months later. The new cheap bikes are shoddily designed to make use of the lowest quality 'one size fits all' Chinese metal or plastic components and are assembled from kits by minimum-wage employees in big box backrooms or worse. Dont do this to yourself.It is far better to buy bikes from a bike geek who knows and loves what he is doing. Bike geeks want to hear how you ride and what you are looking for. Bike geeks relish matching the right bike to the right person. Baker's Bikes is run by just such a person.  Mr. Baker is a 30 something Urbana family man who runs a used bike biz out of his house and garage. Many of his bikes are advertised on the Chambana Craigslist, but many more are not. If you are in the market for a used bike or some work on your current bike, I highly recommend giving him a call and perusing his inventory. The prices are very competitive and he does not sell bikes that he doesn't believe in.When I went, it turned out that the bike I wanted wasn't one of his. He tends to have less of the English 3-speeds (go to http://www.yelp.com/biz/flats-fixed-urbana for those), but many other bikes.  He offers to service all types of bikes, even if you bought elsewhere. If you live close by, this is a great resource. He also sells accessories for good prices. Call before you go over, and don't be afraid to negotiate.
5	The best place where college kids should go for recycled bikes.  They have all kinds of bikes here, Mountain Bikes, Vintage Bikes, Cruisers, 10 speeds..and kid bikes.. They converted their garage into a Bike Shop, and they have another garage where they fix the bikes.   They really stand by their products.  I bought a bike a year ago, when I got it out of storage for spring, it had a flat.   I took it back, prepared to pay somewhere around $10 for the flat to be fixed, but they gave me a new tire tube for free!I am not saying that you are going to always get your bike repaired free, but they stand by their products.   (I bought a 1960's cruiser from them) Their bikes went up in price, so they range from $100-$350. (I am honestly not sure about the kid bikes prices).  Sometimes they post about only a fraction of what they have on this web site.  http://bakersbikes.com/Bakers_Bikes/Welcome.htmlIt's best to call ahead of time (217) 365-0318
5	Wonderful place, friendly atmosphere. It's completely opposite to the "other" place where the owner ignores you and you have to wait half an hour to get his attention. I went to Baker's Bikes for a tune-up and Mr. Baker did it for free. He even adjusted the seat to the right height so I can ride the bike comfortably and appropriately. Also gave me some tips so I can ride for an extended period of time without hurting my legs. I'll definitely go back to them again for any biking needs.
5	Certainly the best place in Champaign-Urbana to buy or learn about bikes. They have an awesome selection of good, used bikes in all sorts of styles and brands and if they break, Baker's is great about getting them fixed back up and on the road. They don't sell any high end new bikes, but even if that's what you're after, I would check by Baker's first. I've seeen nearly new high end bikes for sale in there on many occasions.
5	I went searching for a good quality used bike this weekend, and took along an experienced cycling friend to help me find a really good bike for my size and biking needs. We found this place on the internet and stopped by. It's an adorable little neighborhood shop, with a really huge selection of used bikes (they only have a couple of bikes shown on their website, they really have much more than that). Everything was very reasonably priced, and in good repair. My cyclist friend was very impressed by their honesty--if they said a certain part was in good or poor quality, or had a certain amount of wear, they were telling the truth every time. Although I did not find a bike for me at this place, I still am very glad that I visited. My friend and I already told our other friends in CU about this place. If you are looking for a used bike, this is the first place you need to check out.
5	Great Bike store! The owners were very skilled and extremely helpful. They fixed my bike brake in minutes. I highly recommend this bike place to people in the Champaign-Urbana area
5	This is hands down the best bike shop in the Champaign Urbana area. He's not snobby or condescending like other bike shop owners. You can tell that he's a down to earth guy that just likes helping people with their bikes. My bike had crooked handlebars (a small problem) and he fixed it in minutes. I would definitely go again and recommend Baker's Bikes to everyone I know.
1	Horrible customer service! I only heard good things about this place so I went to get a bike and the owner couldn't have been less helpful and cooperating. He made mean comments and wasn't willing to negotiate, something I was able to do at Champaign Cycle and Durst. He told me I shouldn't try to haggle and disrespect his business even though I did not make one single disrespectful comment and I was very nice the whole time. The way I was spoken to came out very sexist. I would never recommend this to anybody. The place needs to work on attending their customers and learn how to communicate in a respectful manner.
5	I HIGHLY RECOMMEND BAKER'S BIKES.  Really wonderful family owned business.  They are very understanding, take time to explain, and stand behind their bikes.  I love the philosophy they employ of taking old bikes and recycling/reusing them into great, fully functional and well-performing/user-friendly bikes!  Baker's bikes are the people to do this.  I enjoy going to their shop, in beautiful residential Urbana, and really appreciate all the tune-ups and minor fixes they do, often for free or low/reasonable charge.  Always reasonable!  If you are in the Urbana-Champaign area, or even within 50 miles of here, and looking for a bike, I'd HIGHLY recommend going to Baker's Bikes.
5	Friendly, efficient, knowledgeable. Took my stroller from my trunk, evaluated it, fixed it cheaper than I thought possible and put it back in my trunk. Wow!
5	If I could give 6 stars, I absolutely would! The staff was very friendly and very knowledge. They explained what the problems with my bike were and fixed it in under 10 minutes! I was expecting a hefty fee, as a part needed to be replaced, but it only cost me $15! This is a wonderful business, that I am beyond happy to support and recommend!
5	Friendly shop with a happy local owner. Tuned up my bike and my friend's for free. If definitely come back
5	This place is wonderful.  And really, really fast.  And inexpensive.  Elsewhere, the few times I've had my wheels tuned, I've been asked to leave my bike for a few hours or a day.  Here, tuned my wheels in a few minutes, while I was standing there, when all I really needed was a new inner tube for my tire.  I hadn't even asked them to do so, and they only charged me for the inner tube.   (The wheels did need to be tuned, I just kept putting it off.)  They also changed the grips on my bike with extra (old) ones without charging me for it.
5	I took my bike in to get new tire tubes and get fenders. They inflated my current tires to find no punctures and instead of charging me for new tubes they re-inflated my tubes and sent me on my way - for absolutely FREE!!! They also said they would special order the fenders for me and have them in a couple days and let me know when they're in. Not only did they fix up my current tires but they put my bike back on my bike rack attached to my car as well!These guys are awesome and really care about their business. I intend to continue using them in the future!
5	all five stars deserved.  no cranky bike guy, no lame know it all vibe.  I needed a new tire, I needed a new chain.  Both bought and installed fast.  The tire was not only much cheaper than the other spots in town, as I priced them last week, but it was the same very rad city road bike tire that I bought in Chicago 3 years ago.  I like this shop, and enjoyed my conversations with the couple young kiddos that were hanging out while I was there.  ride well friends.
5	Simple repairs done great. Super cheapFamily placeA little hard to find but a really cute shop. Relax when your there and they'll take care of you and get you back on the road.
5	A place where no one will try to take advantage of you. I don't know where I would be without these guys. I am fairly new to biking and a ride about 50-60 miles on a good week. When something is wrong with my bike I attempt to fix it myself,  and when that fails I bring it to bakers. I didn't even buy the bike there and they really are happy to see me bring it in. Since I am there so often they are very generous and don't charge me for labor (I don't know if they do this for others). They take the time to explain what they are doing, and are never looking to make an easy buck. They are very against "Frankenstein" bikes, so you know that even their used bike will be of good quality. Their new selection is a bit pricier than. If they don't have what you are looking for they can recommend where to go, and what to avoid. Definitely a place I'm glad to have found.
5	Small but great bike shop run out of a shed by the owner's house. It's not as shady as it sounds! The place is actually pretty cozy. A dazzling array of tires, spare parts, an accessories line the walls and hang from the ceiling. I went there to get my tubes and a tire replaced. Though the original quoted price was already reasonable, my final bill was reduced and I left very happily. I wholeheartedly recommend this place to friends in need of bike help.
