3	OK people. Let's face it. If it was called Cleveland Market, nobody would go. But throw in a trendy city's name and "Oh, it must be fantastic." After all Boston does have the Celtics. And they gave us Kristin and Jared. But can they pull off fast food. Yea, kinda sorta. It's nice to have a fast food option that is a "square meal." No burgers or fries. Roasted chicken, that holiday green bean casserole everyone loves but is too afraid to admit they eat it, mashed taters (gravy sucks ass though)...all pretty descent. We even tried the sirloin there, cooked medium rare, but WOW, it was like $12! So, I'm sure it's not even a Boston based company. And we all know it's nothing like a market. But three stars for dependable, un-bunned food! Oh. The cornbread? Seriously, it's "crack" good. I'd knock over school children just to get an extra one. As they say in Boston, "cheers." I know. Lame. Now, go get some cornbread!
2	Turkey dinner for 3 reviewPros:  The corn bread, green beans, and creamed spinach were delicious.  Cons:  The turkey was dry, the gravy was uninspired, and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time.
3	Comfort food... Basic down-home dinner. :-) sometimes ya just gotta.
5	I work just up the street and we always eat here for lunch, every time i go in they are always super nice and friendly, the food is fresh and I'm always in and out. Most of the time I'm picking up food for the whole office so one of the employees told me that i can call and order over the phone to make it easier on me which was great! I love going here, i always get GREAT service :)!
4	Got take out from here the other night and I enjoyed it :) I got the chicken breast with Mac and cheese as well as mashed potatoes. It came with a yummy piece of corn bread too. They have Sriracha by the bottle which every restaurant should have ;) The price was great and id recommend it to families or anyone just wanting a decent meal, either on the go or sitting down
4	So I have been there TWICE in the past week now im hooked! lol fresh clean ! Tasty! I love there Coke cups maket he soda taste just better! Service is great Chefs are friendly New fav place! lol = ] Enjoy guys!
5	Nice area and very public service friendly. The restaurant is clean, the staff are very kind and polite, and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers.
3	I love my comfort food and Boston Market always fits the bill.  I have always loved the rotisserie chicken but on this trip I decided to try the Ribs.  Flavorful and tender they were good but were not served hot as expected.  It was almost like they were prepared, then chilled, then re-warmed up again.  One Quarter Rib plus One Quarter chicken plus two sides $12.99.
5	When I moved here 8 months ago, I was overwhelmed by the amount of places to eat.  I ended up trying numerous "trendy" offerings around the area, but always came back to Boston Market. It is now my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  So consistent in food quality and serving size and the employees are always outstanding. I never leave this place disappointed and I am always full!
4	Let's be real. Its Boston Market. They aren't reinventing the wheel.  But the food came out hot and fresh tasting. And the service was super friendly.  Theresa anticipated my needs and the line worked fast.  If anything, I'd come back here for the service and its clean. Those two things alone make it 4 stars when compared to other fast casuals.
5	I love Boston Market. I do not know how to cook and so the food there is always better than mine. The best part is if you buy a meal during the week they give you a coupon for one half off on Saturday.  Great value and it heats up well.
4	A good location. Everything here is always fresh, the line moves quickly, and the staff is always pleasant.
4	Have been craving boston market a lot lately. They have stellar originator chicken. Go here once evrey couple weeks. Staff is friendly, place is clean, food is tasty. Dont know what more I could ask for? Oh wait. Bring back the sirloin tips!!!!
4	I can't help it that I'm addicted to sweet potatoes. So that's why I have been gravitating toward Boston Market lately. My two sides are always sweet potatoes, or should I say my main course is the sweet potatoes and the chicken is my side. The food is excellent, although sometimes the chicken can get a little scrawny looking.My only complaint about this place is that I'm constantly approached by employees to either sign up with my email address or being asked how's my meal. Last time I was in there I was asked how's my meal twice by the same guy and then a manager came by and asked the same thing. I get the touchy feely customer service thing. But PLEASE, dial it down a bit.
4	Get the honey habanero sauce with your chicken. Free, good mix of spicy and sweet and probably the best sauce for chicken ever.
