5	Absolutely the best "quick and dirty" mexican food place in Tempe.  The only other place I consider going is Los Favoritos, which is also very good.  But it telling you, not much beats Texanos california burrito, any of their combo plates, or their nachos.  Stay as far away from Fillibertos and run right across the street.  You wont be disappointed.  Also they have this creamy green salsa that is so spicy and amazingly good.
2	Lo siento Texano's!  Quieria te gusto mucho, pero you didn't treat me right.  You have too much competition in the taco shop circuit to get along by your interesting looks alone.Between a sloppy tostada with tons of fatty dark meat chicken, and an overcooked carne asada California burrito, I just wasn't impressed.  This was one of those taco shops that I drove by and went 'oh my God...I am going to love that place!'  When I went inside I thought "oh my God...I am going to love this place."  When I got my food I thought "oh my God, I am not a huge fan of this place."Final thought - It would have been three stars if the Jukebox would have let me spend a dollar and play the Mana CD that was on the last page of CDs.  Lo siento Texano's.
2	This place is good to go to if you're hungry and stumbling drunk at 2 am...At that time your taste buds aren't quite on their game, so you won't detect your money being wasted.  Also, your massive hangover will mask the gastrointestinal impact of Texano's dodgy mexican food.Really, I know this is a _bertos type of place, but I have been to better and not many worse.  It stinks like a rotten corpse outside of the place, and last time I was there they didn't accept cards.  i don't know if this has changed, nor will I, because I don't plan on returning.  Also, I have noticed the ill effects of eating at this joint the day after and so have some of my comrades.If you're near here and want a burrito do yourself a favor... go to Rivas.
1	This isnt food
5	I have been coming to Texanos since my freshman year at ASU, four years later I still love it! Its open 24/7 which is real convenient after late nights out on Mill. The staff is extremely nice and friendly also! I recommend the Carne Asada burrito (under 5 bucks) or the Juevos Ranchera. Much better then filabertos!
4	Us:"Where are you located, north side or south side of the street?"Texano's guy: "Inside"Cool...I thought I was gonna have to whip up my Spanish to order some food here. I'm fairly fluent after 5 years of studying, so I thought we'd be ok. Then we drive into the parking lot and figure we'd have to go to the back to get our car wash. New-car scent please. Seriously though, I think this place was an old carwash place or something. The bathrooms are on the side of the building, not connected at all to the dining area.My significant other and I visited this place upon the recommendation of my friend. I feel like recently he's been sending us on a wild goose chase. First he sent us to Grimaldi's which didn't live up to the hype, but I think he finally got something right.We ordered the california burrito per Steven G's recommendation, and while it was an interested interpretation of an old burrito, it fell short in one or two areas. There definitely was not enough meat in the burrito, sadly, because if there was this place would be a 5 star. I felt full afterwards, but I'm usually even fuller after Filiberto's due to their generous portions of meat. However, the burrito is still worth a shot. I thought to myself while eating it, "Wow, humans really got it right with meat and potatoes. You can serve it up so many ways, and it never fails." Think about it for a second, steak and mashed potatoes, hamburger and fries, california burrito, and there are probably dozens more I left out.While this place has all the salsas you'd expect to find at your local Fili-B, it also had a mysterious green salsa that wasn't clear. I'm guessing this was the coveted "jalapeno salsa". It had a creamy smooth texture and taste, but also had a hint of fire. Filibertos has nothing like this, and it was simply amazing. Couple their impressive salsa line up with some chips, which come with your burrito, and you have a winning combination. One thing I feel worth mentioning though is that the salsa is a bit more watery than what you are used to at Fili-B.Its unfortunate that there is no Fili-B near ASU. However, this place fills the gap just perfectly, and its actually an interesting place to try out. They are also open 24/7.
4	Ah, Texano's.  It's not always the cleanest place (I've seen the trash overflowing on a few visits) but the food is always good.  The dining area isn't the biggest but they offer outdoor seating as well and I'm fairly certain most come for takeout.  Finding seating should never be an issue.  At times the table may need a scrubbing but I generally look past that.There's a jukebox stocked with mariachi music.  Most times it's silent but when it's on the mariachi is blasting.  Distracting for some, no doubt, but I always get a kick out of it.  Typically a song pops up after I order and sit down to wait for my meal.  The timing is such that it's almost playing in celebration of my patronage.I have never been less than satisfied with the food at Texano's.  Typically I order the California burrito but I've also had the Oaxaca burrito and enchilada's.  The menu consists of typical fast food Mexican and is virtually identical to Filiberto's .  With the exception of the standard taco, I prefer everything from Texano's over Filiberto's.  One week I must have eaten here 3-4 days in a row.  I would on a regular basis if I had the money to eat out as often as I would like to.  Texano's might be my favorite Mexican joint in Tempe, possibly even my favorite Tempe restaurant in general.Be sure to try the house spicy guacamole sauce.  This stuff is delicious and actually spicy (that will always impress me).  The sauce, however, has been out a few times when I went late night or early morning.  I think they make a supply for each day and let the customers partake on a first-come, first-served basis.
3	Decent burritos and friendly staff around the clock. Its a whole in the wall but it will do. I recommend their breakfast burritos! Wish I could give it 3.5 but I might change to 4 stars after I try more dishes.
4	Simple, very cheap, great service, and decent Mexican food. A perfect place for its location.
