3	When the wife has had her wisdom teeth out and is looking for some relief and comfort, you stop asking why and start thinking where.  If you are near Elizabeth, Myers Park or Eastover, the answer is our neighborhood B&J's scoop shop.  Since these places are now franchise chains with roughly the same layout, I can report that this location sticks to the plan: bright, gentrified hippy-like vibe with plenty of tie-dyed teenage scoopers ready to let you sample and add an assortment of candies to your scoops of ice cream.  Not only that, but you can also order an assortment of milk shakes and fruit smoothies.  If you're really hungry, there's the Vermonster for about $40.  That's a buck o' ice cream sundae with 20 scoops of ice cream and a mere 14,000 calories.  Luckily, most of the other treats in this shop come in single servings closer to the $5 mark.  Still a little steep for a scoop of ice cream, but that's close to the going rate of any ice cream shop these days.There is seating both indoors and outside for your indulgence.  Be aware that on weekends in the warmer months, this particular store seems very popular for birthday parties, which can easily take over the entire shop and the small parking lot beside it.  As there are a couple other businesses in the same building, this can be a little inconvenient, but there is street-based parking around the corner.  They do make ice cream birthday cakes here and there are always a small assortment in the display counter at the entrance ready for those last minute requests.  They can write on them in just a couple of minutes.  If you have a week or so advance time, you can also custom order a cake with your choice of ice cream and cake.  I actually prefer B&J for ice cream cakes as they have more flavors and taste a little better than some of the local competitors.  The other tip I can report is B&J's maintains a number of ice cream flavors that are exclusive to their scoop shop- meaning you cannot buy them from your local supermarket.  I have always liked B&J's ingenuity in making new flavors, and the exclusives here do not disappoint.  All in all, this is a nice ice cream shop in my neighborhood and whether you are 8 or 80, you can likely find something or a flavor that fits you.
4	Walked over here after having thai for dinner the other night.  Honestly, I didn't even know there was a B&Js here just because I probably drive way too fast down Providence trying to get to places [and also avoid Queens and Queens like the plague!].The servers were friendly and nice.  It was a slow night, but I got my waffle cone filled with strawberry cheesecake goodness pretty quickly.There are a number of tables to sit inside... and a couple tables out - since it was nice out, we decided on the latter... the table was dirty from previous customers... but that was my only complaint.  Overall it was a good Ben and Jerry's experience in a store I had never been in before.
4	I've been here several times & can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet!Free cone day brought me & the boyfriend out today & we were quite nervous heading over there. It was 3 PM & it's also spring break for CMS. Surprisingly, there wasn't a line! This shop is rather small (but aren't they all?), but the employees are quick & waste no time taking & fulfilling your order. The shop itself is clean. They have a few tables inside the shop, as well as seating out front.Prices are reasonable.Other pluses are a "pint to go" cooler & friendly employees.
4	Ben & Jerry's - how can you not be a fan? Creamy ice cream with chunks and swirls of awesome. Super friendly people working the bar too. The guy I had was extremely knowledgeable and not wearing the standard tie dye; I wouldn't be surprised if he's the owner or manager. We tried several flavors before picking one and... I wasn't finding one that hit my yen that day. They were sold out of my top picks. I ended up going with something super chocolatey - even when it's not exactly the flavor I'm in the mood for, B&J's is still super tasty. It's not like I'm not going to eat ice cream just because they're not carrying my favorite. Everyone else sampled and picked their favorites and we ate our ice cream while walking back to our cars parked at the restaurant down the street. Very pleasant end to an evening. :)
3	Why not visit on Free Cone Day? Talk about a fun way to celebrate warmer weather, but also to check out a flavor I wouldn't want to pay for.I've been to this location a slew of other times and I've always been.... a little underwhelmed. Now, I'm not crazy for ice cream like some folks are, but Ben & Jerry's flavors just don't do it for me. Out of the "New York Super Fudge Chunk" and "Americone," inspired by Stephen Colbert, I've only been mildly pleased with the flavor. Who cares. I'd come with friends and watch them enjoy their ice cream instead. I've just never been crazy 'bout the stuff. Service is always great here. Great kids behind the counter who are always snappy, smiling, and fun. I do love sitting outside at this location. Plenty of seating along the planters, picnic tables, or just plop down on the bumper of your car. If the weather's nice, good times are to be had.
4	This location always employs fantastic people who care about making you happy.  They seem to enjoy their job and help you experience all the new flavors that Ben and Jerry's has to offer.  The parking is limited, but never seems to be a big deal.  You can enjoy an ice cream and walk around the neighborhood and see some awesome houses (while burning calories).  The triple caramel chunk is my personal favorite, then in second place the strawberry cheesecake.  My SO enjoys the cookies and cream, and he is extremely picky so it must be great!!   They are child friendly and a great place to come on a hot summer day!!  See you there.
5	The only bad thing about this place is the que! Other than that the service is efficient the results are delicious and you can see them making it, pretty cool!! What a way to cool down after a day of walking around the city!
4	Super fun to stop in and have an old-fashioned hot drink in the winter and I'm sure the summer (we only visited in Dec)!Great service and old-timey decor.
