4	We can only speak highly of Lenny Clark and his dedicated team. We purchased a home in Scottsdale 2 years ago. The back yard consisted of grass and a wall bordering the neighbours. Someone referred us to Kona and we met with the owner Lenny Clark and after explaining what we wanted our back yard to look like, he instantly understood. It was a massive job, from creating a waterfall, creating a large area with flagstone and landscaping. We met in May and left it completely up to him to interpret our vision into reality. We left for the summer and returned in November to what we call our oasis and paradise. Not a day goes by where we do not enjoy our back and front yard. He has been maintaining our garden for the last 2 years in our absence for 6 month and 6 month when we are here. He takes extreme pride in what he does and treats our garden as if it was his own. I am sorry that Bill L. had a bad experience, I find it hard to belief that this would be the same company he is talking about.K.Van Haren Canada
5	I bought my 1st home a few months ago and the small backyard was only dirt. I was referred to Lenny at Kona, he came out and asked me what my "wish list" was. I told him I was concerned about the size but I would like a grass area, spa and an area for a small garden. He took measurements and scheduled another appointment. When he returned he had an AMAZING interactive program to show me what my backyard could look like during the day and night. I was beyond impressed. I signed the Contract ($30k+) that day. He and his entire crew were very professional, neat and answered all my many questions. The project took a lot less time than I thought and in the end, I had my all my wishes and more come true. I also signed a Year Maintenance Contract to help maintain the beauty they created. I would highly recommend Lenny and his entire team to everyone I know.
5	Lenny remodeled my interior atrium after I had at least 10 other companies try to bid including landscapers as well as nurseries (i.e. Green Goddess) who all said it either couldn't be done or didn't call back (evidently exterior landscapers aren't licensed to perform work inside homes).  He was by far the least expensive.  He also envisioned so much more for the space, so he won the bid.   I have rarely been so impressed (and we've had a LOT of renovations done) with a company's commitment, quality, and finished product.  It is now 2 years later and the atrium actually looks better than the day they left! WOW!  There are 2 large over 10 foot bird-of-paradise, 6 small-medium bushes, and a drop dead gorgeous fountain with lighting in the center.  Can you believe I've only lost 1 plant since install? And the others plants? They are thriving, likely due in part to Lenny's plant vitamin (not food) recommendation.  You cannot go wrong with this guy - he is exceptionally knowledgeable about plants, what works in different areas, and water features
1	Used Kona to replace a pump on my water feature. Mistake on my part. The pump lasted less than 2 years and when installed the plug was cut off and the pump direct wired which voided the pump warranty. For this I paid $600. This time I used another contractor who not only installed the pump correctly but spent almost 9 hours cleaning and upgrading the entire feature. For this I paid $550. Need I say more?
