3	Burlington Coat Factory is now open in the Arcadia area and just in time for the  holidays!  It boasts all the usual BCF offerings like clothing, shoes, home goods/decor and baby gear.  The store is clean and bright --- for now.  I hope this location is able to maintain a clean, neat environment which is lacking in some of their other locations.
3	I guess I'm accustomed to the very large Burlington in Vegas.  This location had a very small selection of suits. Overall, the store felt very small to me.  The Vegas store is at least 3 times larger than this one and I left disappointed.I was able to find a few dress shirts, but left empty handed without a suit or tie.  On the plus side, this store was very well kept and clean.Return Factor - 50%
3	It's not fancy. But when it's 12/24 and you are running low on stocking stuffers, this is the place to be. Before they opened I would run to that fiasco of a Marshalls on 20th & Camelback (Parking hell!). I'm happy Burlington is in Arcadia now because they have a full stock of the different sorts of Jelly Bellys and whatever odd-sort candies and jerky I like to stuff stockings with. This year, I bought a bag of bacon jerky. It was kinda gross, but it was definitely worth trying. I also ended up with a beautiful wool coat, some dress shirts for the hubby and my dad, and a few cute knickknacks for mom. The cashier was super nice too. I love that I didn't have to spend 40 minutes looking for a parking spot, I ran in and ran back out within 30 minutes. That's efficient shopping!
1	This Burlington coat factory really irks me. I have come here with my boyfriend on multiple occasions to purchase lots of clothes and shoes. Their customer service here is the worst I have ever encountered. So bad that I have had to call the manager to complain. If you need to return something the "manager" Danny will pick at your item like its a piece of garbage and point out its imperfections that he assumes you caused before he will accept your return. Why not just make everything final sale instead of making a simple return something bigger than it really needs to be.Although I don't really care for Burlington coat factory I would recommend going to the new location on indian bend. That store is immaculate and the employees have their shit together.
