4	In the past I've always gotten my hair cut at places like Great Clips or Cost Cutters. I'd always leave with my $12 haircut feeling unsatisfied and even more embarrassed with my hair than when I went in. When I'd finally had the last straw with crappy haircuts, I decided it was time to suck it up and actually pay for some quality. Upon recommendation, I went to HAIR. HAIR is located on Monroe St. right across the street from Trader Joe's. If you turn down any of the side streets you will usually find ample two hour parking. On the outside the shop looks small, but inside you will find it is quite big and contains the usual - 8 or so salon chairs, a few sinks, and a wall of hair products and cosmetics. When you first walk in you will be promptly greeted and offered a drink and magazine. Hospitality and comfort are certainly NOT lacking at HAIR. As for the haircuts, you will receive nothing less than top notch quality. My hair is thick, slightly frizzy and has a bit of a wave to it and Melissa was able to cut my hair the way it was meant to be cut. The layers were TRULY layers and not just some botched attempt by some new hire at Cost Cutters. I left HAIR feeling good about my hair and myself. This is something I can say for no other place I've ever been. I've only gotten haircuts at HAIR, but they offer the usual services (color, perm, styling, etc...). While they are more expensive than Great Clips, I'd say they are pretty reasonable. A haircut usually runs about $35 (not including tip). It's important to remember though, you really do get what you pay for.
5	Amazing!  I have tried salons all over Madison and this is by far the best.  If you are looking for the best than go no further.  The team is fantastic and works together to get you the best cut and color for your money.  This salon would be triple the price in any major city.A loyal client!
5	Went here for the first time last week.  You're offered coffee or tea while you're waiting, which is a nice perk.  The salon is much larger than it looks on the outside and it's very clean.Lyndsy did a great job with my hair and I love the cut.  Felt pretty bad that it took her almost an hour to wash, dry, and cut my hair (my hair was to the middle of my back and is very thick), but she was so sweet throughout it all that time flew by.  She kept checking and rechecking to make sure my hair was the same length and we discussed what she was going to do before she started cutting.  The scalp massage and hand massage were wonderful as well.The price was waaayyy less than I was expecting, which was a great surprise.  I will most definitely return for all my hair needs.
5	The salon is kept very clean, the employees are all friendly and social, and often there is an employee circulating around offering hand massages. Julie M. is my own personal hair goddess. I'm infamous for being fickle about my haircuts, and never really knowing what I want, but Julia has always made me happy. She is able to give me style suggestions, while still working in my comfort zone.I recommend her as a stylist to anyone who wants an amazing haircut.
5	Hell yes, HAIR on Monroe Street! Particularly, hell yes to Julia M. as a stylist!I definitely feel that the place is kept clean and sanitary. The employees seem to all take turns at making sure that the place was looking nice, and when they aren't with clients, they offer other people's clients hand massages, which is a little special treat.The prices are extremely reasonable, Julia does a great job on all types of hair, she pretty much cuts my entire family's hair, and aims to make a positive relationship with clients. I would feel comfortable recommending her to any of my friends.
5	If you go to HAIR on Monroe, see Julia M! You will not be disappointed. Julia consistently gives top quality hair cuts and does AMAZING color. She routinely knows what I want, often when I don't even know myself. She is a great listener, makes sure she understands what her clients want, and consistently delivers top quality. I would recommend Julia without hesitation!
4	This salon did an amazing job on my hair and makeup for my wedding, as well as for my maid of honor, mom and mother-in-law. Mine looked exactly how I wanted it and held up for the entire day. The only reason it's not getting 5 stars is because they lost my appointment for my trial, but they were extremely apologetic and didn't charge me for the shortened appointment. If I lived in Madison this would definitely be my regular salon.
4	Thank you, Jennifer, for making my walk-in haircut a great experience. Jennifer was friendly, warm, and super capable, giving me the exact cut I asked for--and it still looks great, give weeks later. Great prices, and extra points for the head and hand massages. I had forgotten how great the Aveda salon experience is.
2	i came to this place based on the yelp reviews and was really disappointed. i went in for straight bangs and ended up with the worst haircut i've ever gotten.  the bangs were crooked and uneven and when i stated that they were uneven and crooked, the stylist said, "oh, if you flatten them down, then they're even."  i don't know many people who walk around holding their bangs down in order for them to look even; didn't seem right to me. i came back two days later for a re-cut with someone who was supposed to have more experience than the first guy. i went in and asked her as she was cutting about her level of experience and it was the same as the first guy who chopped up my hair.  i was given contradictory information about the people cutting my hair, which i did not appreciate. luckily the second stylist was able to at least fix my cut to not look like a mullet growing out.  i really should've specified one of the stylists mentioned in previous yelp reviewers, but i thought any stylist would be great considering this place has 4.5 stars. this place only gets two stars because of the hand and scalp massages they offer to clients; otherwise i'd give it zero stars. i really wanted to like this place, but i unfortunately will not be returning.
4	I wanted to get my haircut but was new in town, so looked on Yelp for somewhere good close by. And I'm glad I went to HAIR!The people at the front desk were friendly and offered me a drink. The inside, as others have said, is chic and clean.My stylist was also friendly and gave me the haircut I wanted. He also gave me a head massage :) I'm very happy with my cut and would go back! (They also didn't try to pressure your to buy their products, but just showed you which ones they used, which I appreciated.)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  After 2 years of searching Madison for a salon that made me feel like the million bucks when I leave, i finally found it!  My first experience was with Betsy.  She compared our first session to a first date- let's not go too far too fast and did a modest cut and color to get to know me and my hair.  Every experience since then has been spectacular!  One a last minute need to feel rejuvenated, HAIR scheduled me a same day appointment with two of their stylists- one for the cut and one for the color.  I was pampered and left the salon feeling amazing.  Rob told jokes, sang and respected plenty of fashion magazine time.I highly recommend checking this place out!
4	Very cute little place. Parking is kind of tough to find but I drove my moped there and found a spot by Trader Joe's. I went here for a trim and was very happy with my haircut. Another stylist even gave me a hand massage as I was getting my haircut! It cost $39 (without tip) for a trim, a little more than I'm used to spending but that's okay.2 things that could have been better: The head massage was sub-par. I am used to getting my head massaged for a good 5-10 minutes while they wash my hair (maybe I am a little spoiled? haha). Also, the product they used on my hair left my hair feeling very heavy and just a weird texture. Next time I will request something else.
5	I've followed Chloe since she was in beauty school. I have thick unforgiving straight hair, and Chloe tames it every time. Whether I come in with a picture or throw my hands in the air and say "I just want something funky and short", Chloe knocks it out of the park. (I started carrying some of her business cards because I got so many complements on my hair.)As for the salon itself, definitely the best she's worked at. Aveda products are great, and the staff knows them well. Plus you get a hand message while your hair gets cut!
2	I have been here twice. The first time I cut my hair, the service was nice, but they don't know how to cut layers, your hair just looks like cut with a pair of scissors from left to right...The second time I curled my hair. To make it clear how I want it, I even made my hair with iron in the morning. But I have to say she gave it a good try, but nothing looks like what I want. Plus, it seems she was not familiar with the procedure at all that she read the direction when she made hair for me... I'm so disappointed...
2	This was the second time going here. I got a fabulous hair cut, although it was much shorter than I requested.My second visit was for highlights and it was a bad experience. I had no knowledge of what the process was, and the man who was doing my hair barely explained what he was doing. At the end, the color was great, although much more than I wanted. The issue wasn't until I went to pay. I was shocked at how much it cost, the stylist had never gone over any "extra charges" with me. I was charged $50 more than I had planned on spending, for glaze (which I wasn't even aware of, the guy never mentioned this) and toner, which he did mentioned but said nothing about the price.I was too much in shell shock to really do anything and so I paid.I will be canceling my future haircut, mainly because I was not told about the extra charges and I felt I was taken advantage of. Other than this, my experiences were pretty well, aside from him straightening my mixed race hair without blow drying it first. My hair felt fried afterwards!
4	I have to say that their service is very good, they saw my review and asked me to go back to fix my hair. This time I was assigned to Tony, and he understood what I want, gave me a complimentary haircut and told me what to do afterwards. He's very professional on haircut, and I'll ask him to cut my hair next time.
5	The manager contacted me about my experience. Not only did she apologize and explain that my stylists' responsibility was to quote prices before services, she is also sending me a $50 certificate for the overcharge. I really appreciated that she called to check-in and took steps to ensure my satisfaction. Thanks Annie!
4	I had a cut and a color, which were both fine. The real win for Hair is that the stylist listened to what I do with my hair (nothing good!) and recommend a product that actually made sense for me to by - a color cream to keep my hair from looking like I only go to the salon every 6 months. Yes! That's the kind of product I will actually buy!
4	It's tough finding a good hair salon.  I've been happy with them.  They're an Aveda salon, which means you get the scalp massage and hand massage complimentary with your cut and style.  They have promotions for their products, including Aveda, and are not as aggressive as other places about selling it.
5	Best experience I have ever had at a salon, including the one I used to work for!I just moved to Madison and had been having trouble with my dry, curly, coarse hair that seemed to be made of split ends. I was incredibly fortunate to be set up with Chloe who walked me through my issues, and offered a hair treatment and modern cut that could take care of everything in one go! Chloe was so fun to talk to, so it was so easy to relax and trust her and let her do what she does best! I took about 8 inches off my length and I'm so glad I did. Chloe did a great job at understanding that a short cut was new to me, so she made sure to "check in" with me a couple times  before she cut to ensure I was still feeling ok about the shorter length. The complimentary scalp massage, hand massage, and makeup touch-up were definitely very welcome bonuses to the appointment.I will definitely be back, and I can't recommend this salon highly enough!
5	I've been getting my hair cut by Rob here for just over 2 years and have truly enjoyed it. Rob is a great guy who is incredibly accomodating (I once had to cancel 3 times in a row for varying conflicts and he didn't blink) and easy to talk to. Oh, and he's fantastic at cutting hair as well. Listens to what I want and cuts my hair to last a couple/few months, rather than cutting it in a way that will look shagged out in 3 weeks. Price is up there, but its worth it for the service and quality, even for a guy's cut. Big fan.
1	I am new to Madison and saw Hair as I was driving home from school. I was in desperate need of a trim and decided to make an appt. I asked before my appointment how much a hair cut was and they said $39, a little more than what I wanted to spend but they had good reviews so I figured why not. When I sat in the chair I told the hairdresser that I just wanted a healthy trim and couldn't decide on side bangs or not. I even showed her a picture and said I do not want to go any shorter than that. I also told her that I wanted to grow out my layers. My hair before the cut was medium length and at least three inches below my shoulders. She told me that she would need to take off an inch in order to make it healthy, I told her that was fine but no more. During the cut I could see more and more hair fall on the floor. In the middle of the cut I even reminded her that I didn't want to trim my layers or add new ones. I could still see her cutting my layers shorter and shorter. When she was finished she had taken off three inches and cut side bangs that were to my eyes. I can't even put my hair up without pieces falling out or put my hair behind my eyes. I even told her I hated my hair straight and she still styled it straight!! She didn't listen at all to what I told her. I drove home crying because I had a bob cut that was more soccer mom than chic. I will not return or recommend this salon to anyone due to the fact that she didn't listen.
5	Go see Betsy - She will give you a great cut. Only two people have regularly cut my hair since I was 12... Stella who retired and now Betsy!
