4	My experience with the Scot Mid chain has hardly been before midnight, as it's very popular with party-goers, myself included, and sometimes that's just how I roll. Ahem...I've heard the funniest stories from the ever patient staff, who amusingly resemble bouncers the later it gets, for saftey reasons I suppose. For example, it's a regular occurence that they have to enter in credit card PIN numbers for their inebriated clients, and frequently have to chuck quite a few out. Just like bouncers.I was quite pleased to see Marchmont gets to share the fun with its own branch, which did look decidedly more tame than it's sister branch on Nicolson Street. Then again, it was just 3pm, so things couldn't have really kicked off yet.
4	Great selection of wine, spirits, and mixers for all your liquid diet needs.  Tucked away in the quiet Marchmont neighborhood on the bend of a street, Scotmid is the neighborhood alcohol shop.  It features a wide range of wines and you can always get some inexpensive half-off priced wines. (i.e. 3 or 4 pounds apiece).  It's a small store so don't expect to bring in a baby stroller or giant shopping bags.  Fast and friendly service - I'll be back.
4	This Scotmid is way different from any scotmid I've ever been to. It's quite flashy with more of a deli style rather then what they normally do. Nice food not too pricy rather then poor quality cheap. I prefer to pay an extra dime to know what I put down is going to benefit my health. They have now placed the check out where the wine & beer is located so it is more handy and easier as a shop. Quite hard to review a scotmid, but its just simply cool =)
4	I'm actually excited about a supermarket. Not even a big supermarket - a neighbourhood, corner-store supermarket. Now, before you laugh and tell me to get a hobby, I suggest you also check out the newly refurb'd Scotmid in Marchmont. After Peter S's review saying it was 'way different to any other' curiosity got the better of me, and I went along to see it just for that reason.Turns out it's had a refurb. The white and blue Scotmid branding is gone, replaced with slick black and metals. Let me take you on a little virtual tour.As you enter, what's this? On your right? A freshly squeezed orange juice machine, so that you can squeeze your own fresh orange juice. Yup. Fancy pants.Directly infront is the freshly baked bread section, with fresh scones and unusual breads like onion. To your left, yoghurts and milk. But not just your standard yoghurt - Rachel's Organics, for example. Opposite, a fresh fruit and veg section that is so beautifully presented, and all the veg looking so appetising. Very unusual for a corner shop store.As you venture deeper you'll find other harder-to-find brands, but of much better quality: Marco Pierre Glorious Soups, Carluke Bacon, Dip Nation Dips. They even have a whole 'free from' section for gluten / dairy free products.All of these, both unusual brands and specialty items, are things you would normally only find in bigger supermarkets out of town. Which is why I'm so impressed by this new refurb.But wait. There's more. Seeking the checkouts you'll go down a wee corridor to find a whole ROOM OF WINE. The checkouts are in a seperate room that's stocked to the rafters with wine and other alcoholic substances. So this would be a great place to come to get a particularly nice bottle of wine, I'd wager.On asking the check-out staff about the refurb, they told me it's going to be rolled out across *all* Scotmids, but this one in Marchmont was one of the first. Yippee! As the check out lady said, it's reminiscent of M&S Simply Food, but I"d wager ever sexier. Yes, you read that right - sexy supermarket shopping. Oo er.
