4	Fans of Kevin Binkley will certainly flock to his fourth valley restaurant. The restaurant just recently opened to the public (December 2013). There were a couple minor service glitches that are related to the staff getting to know the restaurant layout and the reservation system (some food runners were bringing stuff to our table that we didn't order), but I was pleasantly surprised at how well everything was already running. My dining companions and I wanted to get a broad sampling of the menu, so we ordered family style. We ordered about 10 different things. The kitchen and the front of the house worked very well together to pace our meal quite well. Again, for a new restaurant, that was impressive.Now onto the food. The menu is currently the same (as far as I can tell) as Binks Midtown. The focal point of the menu is the "Local Produce" section, broken into cold, hot and salads. We had the eggplant, dates and beets from the cold list. All three were well balanced but the eggplant stole the show. From the hot section, we had the winter quash and the fried red potatoes. Both were almost too good to share! If you're a fan of Spanish patatas bravas, you'll love these. The smoked paprika really came through.We also had the bone marrow, french fries and bbq octopus from the appetizers section of the menu. One rule I make for myself: whenever Kevin Binkley has octopus on the menu, order it! This one was exceptional. Don't worry, Chef Binkley doesn't serve "rubber" octopus!We only tried one entree, the brown butter and almond sand dabs. Sand dabs are small, delicate fish that you don't normally see on menus. There were expertly prepared, to enhance, not overpower the flavor of the fish. Just know that the entree does not come with anything on the side. You'll want to order a la carte if you want veggies with your main course.We sadly had no room for dessert on this trip. This is definitely a place where I could become a regular, so I'm sure I'll be able to add to the review soon.
4	Kevin Binkley is a great chef and while he may not necessarily be cooking your meal at one of his restaurants, his staff is well-trained and stocked with great fresh ingredients.This was my first visit to this location and I sat at the bar.  I started with a cup of the butternut squash soup.  It was excellent and flavored with bits of apples, cranberries and walnuts to give it a little crunch and an extra layer of flavor.My entree was the duck breast.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  The port vinaigrette sauce paired perfectly with the rest of the dish.My only complaint was that the bartender needed some help.  He was very capable but couldn't keep up with the bar crowd.  Again, this isn't a knock on him, but if he had some help he could take the time to engage the customers a little more and refill drinks a little faster.I'm glad Bink's Scottsdale is here in town.
5	Thank you Kevin for coming into our neighborhood!!!!! Those in the know will certainly agree that binks is a little taste of heaven and a great teaser for interested diners to prepare for Binkley's (the mothership of Kevin & Amy's cuisine). So far our favorites are the soup (always a delight), the foie gras, and the ricotta with pistachios. I recommend ordering at least 2 seasonally changing veggies dishes highlighting local produce and our personal favorite entree Amy's bolognese. Our waiter Andrew is knowledgable and accommodating. We have a standing reservation and if you know anything about food you will also. See you there, cheers!
1	very average food, i expected a whole lot better, in th end another pretentious attempt to redefine nothing....i could go on and on, but this particular restaurant do not care about criticism, just groupies will find a voice here.... one tip : when you serve French fries, empty and clean the fryer or pick the fires with a tongue, do not dump the frying basket contents straight to the serving dish,..finding partially dessicated and fossilized old pieces of food at the bottom of your fries basket is a real turn-off....And that is just one example of my experience there !
3	This place being walking distance from the Dr's house, we decided to give it a try.  Crowded with poor spacing between tables.. feels like you have no privacy at all on the 2 tops....We decided to try a number of things to adequately sample the menu.   The butternut squash soup was very nice....as was the arugula salad.   The Dr. loved the jicama salad with a tart whipped cream or sour cream dressing... me, not so much. The roasted sweet potato dish I sent back to the kitchen.. It was carbonized....makes me wonder why any well trained chef would send carbonized food out to a customer.  Our wait person, who was pretty exceptional, immediately took it off the bill.  The entrees of duck breast, really good, and my scallops..30 bucks for 3 very salty and charred on the grill.  All in all it was an ok experience.  Given it's one of Kevin's places I expected it to be much much better than it was...Not sure I'd go back....
5	While we thank Sir Lawrence for reminding us to keep the servants in their place (and woe be to those who do not recognize superiority in their presence), we believe it is clearly the wrong place when speaking of Bink's. After several visits, we have had nothing but exceptional food and service. Staff is welcoming, knowledgeable, and we always end up talking food with them, from their sourced produce to little gem vineyards off the E45. And we always learn.  But, then, we treat the staff as we would like to be treated. Curious how that works... And just a word about the food, as others are covering that well already:  in the greens we taste the hint of earth from which they came. It is rare and, at least for us, what separates the very best from even the very, very good. Congratulations to all (even the servants), and welcome to Scottsdale.
2	How excited we were for Kevin Binkley to come to our neck of the woods.  Hilton Village is right down the street and an easy dinner out with friends. We made our first visit for a birthday celebration in late December and have the same take away after a wine and appetizer tonight, disappointed on both accounts. As expected, Kevin Binkley delivered an amazing food experience. Watching him expedite his creations is a thrill and enjoying dishes from Sweetbreads to Bolognese was memorable.  Let's not forget the amazing warm buckwheat rolls with honey butter! Where your concept falls flat, with both experiences your staff  was unfriendly, lacking knowledge of your menu, and missing the mark in a warm welcome ( or good bye for that matter )We want more than anything for you to succeed, loved your specialty popcorn and will return for the Bolognese no doubt.  Working out the kinks of a new restaurant, yes.  Great food with poor service, no.Wishing you the best, hoping 3rd time is a charm for us!Shaun and MartineScottsdale Arizona
2	Disappointed as we live down the street and hit many restaurants in the Hilton area. We ordered take out for our first experience, no napkins,offer for plastic silverware, no bread, etc. just a very big grocery style paper bag with 3 small boxes.  The portion size was VERY small for the amount of $$$ they are asking. The Paella was drowned in the sauce lost the taste of the "quality" vegetables and it didn't have any flavor other than the sauce, definitely not worth $17 for an entree.Butternut squash soup was good as well as the Kale salad, decent but high priced at $10 per item.Overall not very impressed with the food.  Place looked nice and they had a separated bar from the restaurant with TV's which where i waited for takeout.  Staff was nice and courteous.
4	I've eaten at Bink's in Scottsdale three times since it opened, and the food is delicious. The taste is in the details. I could tell that everything was made from scratch including sauces, dips, and all of the bread. The butter that comes with the buckwheat biscuits alone makes me want to return. They have a KILLER HAPPY HOUR, too. Get the sweetbread nuggets and mussels.
3	I had the chicken salad and it was tasty. Atmosphere was nice, servers were nice. Just had a water so I can't comment on the beverages. I would go back to try the burger but I do wish there was a little bit more to choose from.
3	I expected to be impressed and wasn't. The service was appalling. Sure it was busy, but what do expect on a Friday night in Scottsdale at the height of the season. Maybe you think about calling in enough servers. The menu was odd. None of the entrees appealed to me. My husband liked the duck. I would have ordered scallops but didn't feel like paying $31. I had the kale salad. It was okay but have had better ones elsewhere. We did love the French fries and the cauliflower. Even though it's only 5 minutes from our house we probably won't go back. Too bad. What a disappointment.
4	We also had a good experience.  I had walked by a couple of times and it looked interesting, so we tried it.  The atmosphere, the food and the service were all good.  We went mid-week and it was not very crowded, but the service was attentive without being intrusive.  I had the beet salad and my husband had the ramen soup.  I think I enjoyed mine more than he did his, but both were good.  We split the sand dabs and it was a perfect amount and well-prepared. I had actually wanted to order the bolognese, but was put-off by all the negative reviews.  The crowd was mixed - some young, some older, some in-between.  I think they should expand the menu a bit so that locals are tempted to go more often.
2	I had heard rave reviews of the Bink restaurants and was excited for my first foray.Well, that excitement was soon tempered by a less-than-stellar experience.We arrived and were seated.  I took a good 7 minutes for us to even be acknowledged at our seats.  Finally, we asked for some water which was brought to us with a perfunctory "sorry."  Then, we had to ASK for bread.  Finally, our drink orders were taken, and we waited for our drinks in the time it would've taken to ferment a glass of wine.  The gimlet I had was just meh.  I've had better.  Then, it took forever for the waiter to take our food order.  Once he did, we waited, and waited.....and waited.   He then told us that they were short-staffed that night and was profusely apologetic.  That helped ease the experience, but frankly not enough.  The butternut squash soup was good, but overall the food wasn't great.  The cauliflower tasted like they had haphazardly emptied their entire artisanal salt shaker onto it.  It wasn't worth complaining about, because by the time we could get anyone's attention and a new order it would've been a good hour.I recommend the push-pop dessert which was made with lime sorbet and oatmeal ice cream.  It tasted like a key lime pie.  It was made ahead of time so was actually brought out rather quickly.
4	We arrived 15 minutes late for our reservation, wide-eyed from the hideous traffic jam we had encountered on the 101.  Our sympathetic, attentive hostess immediately brought us a drink.  What a great intro!  When shown to our table (I hate banquette seating), we requested instead an outdoor table.  We were quickly and cheerfully accommodated.  After my chair was switched out for something more comfortable (I am a wide load) and the tippy table was adjusted (all done, again, cheerfully & quickly), we were finally ready to order.  First course:  mussels with a cocoanut curry sauce and the sweetbreads.  Mussels were great; sauce was top-notch.  My sweetbreads were completely overwhelmed with a breading and pungent sweet and sour sauce.  What a criminal thing to do to delicate sweetbreads.  PLEASE find another way to serve these  delicacies which are so seldom found on a menu!We politely requested (for a second time) more focaccia bread to sop up all that curry-cocoanut goodness.  I don't really think "I heard you the first time, I didn't think you were kidding" is an appropriate response from a waiter.  The wait--and the snark--were worth it, though, when the hot focaccia finally appeared (with an apology from our second waiter) The crust was unbelievable buttery.  Our second, younger waiter was an obvious foodie, so enthusiastic about the food, and made up for the rudeness of the first.Next course was a plate of cold thinly sliced yellow beets with feta, which my table mate loved, and the barbecued octopus.  The octopus had a wonderful char, and was tender, a feat I admire, as every time I try to prepare octopus it tastes like my car tires.  It was, unfortunately showered in a delicious but too copious sauce.  Please let some of these dishes speak for themselves, people!  Finally, dessert was a very yummy pudding-textured chocolate cake with a soft marshmallow topping.The tempo of the meal was rather leisurely, but the place was really hopping for an early Wednesday evening.  We are big fans of Binkley's in Cave Creek, and particularly love Bink's cafe, which is practically our neighborhood hangout, so it was fun to try a new Binkleys.  We will be back, as I am dying to try the marrow, the fois gras, the sand dabs...the list goes on and on.
5	I went to Binks in Scottsdale last night and had an amazing dinner! We were greeted with a smile and immediately got seated in a wonderful spot with a cool view of all the happenings in the kitchen. The Sangria was perfect with pomegranate ice cubes that improved the taste of the drink as I enjoyed it over appetizers and dinner. We started with the mussels- wonderful curry aroma! We shared the trout (cooked to perfection!), Amy's bolognaise and polenta, roasted cauliflower (my personal favorite) and asparagus. Everything was absolutely delicious and we will return to try some other choices on the menu that also sounded wonderful. The service was impeccable and our server (Dylan) was delightful and knowledgeable about food. What a great addition to the neighborhood!
5	I had a salon appointment near by and I was searching for a quick bite and found Binks. I asked for a Menu and Nick the server, gave me the happy hour and dinner options as well as their brunch and lunch. I wasn't sure about the food on the menu at first, so I decided to walk to the restaurant next door and then I found myself back right back at Binks.Nick ended up serving me and I'm glad I came back because everything was fantastic. I ordered the octopus app- delicious complicated flavors working well together. I ordered a glass of gruner vetliner, which he described very well, and I thoroughly enjoyed- they really do have a great wine list..,and then I had chocolate pudding cake for dessert.I'm a sucker for great service and great food. I will be back. The patio is charming,
4	Very, very much a fan. Had a nice dinner outside at Bink's Scottsdale last night. Our waiter, Chad was menu-knowledgeable and we enjoyed the food very much. Having been to Bink's Midtown a few months back, and not loving our meals, we were hesitant to try Bink's Scottsdale, but I'm happy to report that we very much enjoyed the experience. The three of us shared the kale and quinoa salad, fries, sweet potatoes, smashed potatoes, cauliflower, bolognese, rainbow trout, mussels, chocolate puddin' cake and frozen orange soup. I wouldn't order the smashed potatoes or the frozen orange soup again, but everything else was excellent.Very affordable meal for that area of town as well. Highly recommended!
5	Excellent.  Hit the bar first for a unique cocktail.  Menu consists of ever changing innovative small plates
3	Nothing bad, but nothing remarkable. The restaurant was not particularly busy when the three of us arrived and we sat at the bar. Service was mixed...more than once we had to remind the bartenders what we wanted. Drinks were decent if not spectacular (they seem to love using liquid nitrogen to no obvious purpose...I would call it "Scottsdale pretentiousness"). The popcorn was good. The fries were also good...though the three sauces were all rather weak. The "bread" tasted like baking soda and little else. If you want very good Chinese orange chicken, order the sweetbreads...just don't expect them to taste like sweetbreads...the sauce overwhelmed. The octopus was well prepared, but the sauce masked the flavor of the octopus. The bacon burger was decent but nothing special...I'll take the Big Ass Burger at Roaring Fork any time. The Sloppy Joe was a decent example of this kind of sandwich...but it was still just a Sloppy Joe. And finally the donuts were OK, nothing special. Overall, nothing bad, but nothing remarkable either.
5	I've been here twice - once for dinner and once for happy hour - both times my experience was fantastic. Service has been very attentive and food is great. When I was here for dinner, I ordered the trout as a main course - cooked and prepared perfectly. They have a great selection of sides featuring local, seasonal produce - we tried the asparagus and beats, both were excellent. Their happy hour is hard to beat - a good selection of small menu items and drink/wine specials.  I wish it went later than 6:00!
5	The Food and Service surpassed my expectations by leaps and bounds. They started us out with these tasty fresh complimentary donut holes with maple butter.As busy as our waitress Sara was waiting on Tables all over the restaurant and Patio she still managed to give us amazing service making us feel very welcomed and comfortable ordering. All the food we were served was paced out really perfect.The Velvety Curry Pear Soup was very good with sweetness and spices and the bowl was painted with Hibiscus that gave it an interesting unexpected twang.We also shared the Local Roasted Cauliflower. The combination of Charred Sweet Onions, Capers, Dried Fruit, Taleggio Cheese, Toasted Pine Nuts and Chives made the Cauliflower very special and couldn't be anything except delicious.I had the Spinach Salad. It had everything going on with it and was very balanced. Dates, Pickled Onions, Kumquats, Labne and Harissa Vinaigrette. Every bite was a pleasure. I had added Chicken as Sara suggested and it seemed like it was carefully Sous Vide possibly at 146 degrees for two to maybe four hours meaning that it was perfect.Even the Chef as busy as he was went beyond his duties running food, busing tables and treating the restaurant as if it was his own. The Binkley's should be proud they have some outstanding staff.I don't know if next time will be five stars but I am certain if it isn't it will be close.
4	Food was amazing. Friend and I grazed on apps and sides and were very pleased and full! Glad I gave this place a shot in lieu of their current yelp of 3.5 stars.
4	We've been to Binkley's and Bink's Midtown and had to complete the trifecta by going to Bink's Scottsdale.TL;DR: This scores and fits perfectly between Binkley's in Carefree (5 stars) and Midtown (3+ stars). If you love Binkley's but don't want the drive, this would be a nice alternative; the attention to detail is good, ambiance is comfortable and staff inviting. Just don't expect the over-the-top details like Carefree. I cannot give Binkley's (Carefree) a 5-star-review and score Scottsdale the same, so for that reason, this location gets 4. It's very good. Go and enjoy your meal. You won't be upset!Long review:We visited the Bink's Scottsdale this weekend which was Mother's Day. That may make this review not as helpful since it was brunch all-you-can-eat style (which I don't think they do regularly). Regardless, my experience was great.This feels to be the smallest establishment of the 3, but might be about the same as Carefree. I found the ambiance to be in agreement with the other two, but felt slightly more up-classed than Midtown. The brunch featured many "regulars": an array of breads, both sweet and savory, roast beef, salmon, sausage, bacon, eggs-to-order, and a small sampling of deserts. The lowlights: the bacon was amazingly tasteless, and we were provided a choice of 2 deserts (lemon and chocolate). The highlights: the salmon, while a staple in many buffets was unbelievable. It was buttery and soft and delicate. They offered two unique items: pork belly and grits. Both were outstanding, with the latter plate-licking delicious. The grits were paired with a rich and spicy sausage and shrimp gravy. The pork was paired with "kimchee pickles" which also had a nice kick.We visited with children - a trip I would never do had it not been a special occasion. The staff were perfectly pleasant despite the kids, and were happy to dote on their needs. We never felt rushed and leisurely enjoyed a long afternoon at the restaurant.I am of the strong belief that Binkley's-Carefree is the finest establishment we have in the greater Phoenix area for the "foodies." [Virtu is on my to-do list, but they appear to have a great offering.] I cannot - in good conscience - score his Scottsdale establishment as high as the original, and for that reason alone I have to give it a 4 star.Bravo.
2	This is probably the most painful negative review I've written, because I've never had a complaint about anything Kevin Binkley has done. In fact, I always make a point to take visitors from out of town to his restaurants because it is so consistently good. However, this visit for restaurant week was less than impressive. Now, the service was fantastic, so I have no complaints there. The waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, and just great all-around. But the food was just not up to par. From the restaurant week menu, I ordered the Tempura Fried Eggplant, Pork Schnitzel, and the Coconut Mousse. The tempura was well-fried, but so bland. It came with some dipping oil, and that had some flavor, but I just couldn't believe that the entire dish was so bland. I would have thought there would be some seasoning in the tempura batter. That wasn't the worst though. The pork schnitzel came out nicely fried, but DRENCHED in butter. I probably ate a quarter of my serving because I was trying to avoid the gelatinized butter which covered the majority of my dish. The parts that were not covered in butter were tasty, but unfortunately there wasn't much of it. Had the butter been drizzled, it would have probably been okay, but there was a lake of butter on my pork, which then rendered the schnitzel soggy. The dessert was fantastic, which I expected. I did expect a bigger portion given the portions of everything else we received. My other complaint was the wine pairing. I knew that for an added $15 I wasn't going to get three full glasses of wine, but I didn't even receive three half glasses of wine. I think the three glasses together may have added up to a half glass. I'd have been better off ordering a full glass of wine off the regular menu. Bottom line, I was just really really disappointed in this experience. It almost seems as though they want to deter people from ordering the restaurant week menu, or they don't want people who are visiting for restaurant week to return. If that was in fact what they were trying to do, it has most likely worked with me.
3	Nice and sober neighborhood gem.It was restaurant week so I had that menu plus the truffle fries, a cheese board and the asparagus.Don't bother with the asparagus. The rest was pretty decent plus the price was fair. The desert was pretty good. A coconut frozen ball with a liquid filling. I'll go back to try the regular menu.Cheers
1	Binks Stinks!This was the worst food I have ever had in Scottsdale, and almost anywhere.. I went there for the sweetbreads. That was a mistake! I was served an unrecognizable dish with thick sauce on it that I would have sworn was Orange Chicken from Pei Wei. Could not taste the food, just an overpowering thick, sweet sauce. Thinking the hamburger would be better, but again a mistake. Ordered med rare, came out well with more grease than one could imagine. It seems their idea of bacon flavored is to load it up with bacon fat. It was a struggle to finish the burger.My companion had the Sloppy Joe, which again was so overpoweringly sweet that she was unable to eat it. With so many fine places within 1 mile, the management will have to step it up or they will fail like so many in this area. This was a huge $45 disappointment and I will never return.
4	I came here with high expectations(obviously Binkley's) and was not let down. The mussels appetizer along with the barbecue octopus were magnificent. I will definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu
4	This was our first visit to this restaurant. It was generally a good experience. Service was an issue at first. There were only a half dozen tables occupied in the restaurant but the only server couldn't keep up. Someone from the bar helped sometimes but we had a bit of a wait to get seated, order beverages and order food. Our food order also was delayed. We weren't in a hurry. We found an interesting Sicilian white wine for our lunch. It went well with our appetizer  and sandwiches. The mussels were good with coconut/curry flavors though late in the lunch hour we had more shells than mussels. My sand dab sandwich was ok. A baguette seemed to me too big for fish and coleslaw in a sandwich. My wife really liked her chicken salad sandwich. My side salad had a nice dressing and nice additions. The order of fries was enormous. The dipping sauces were interesting but not necessarily better than regular ketchup. We shared pudding for dessert. It was great. Four stars is fair though 3.5 is what I would choose if I could cut a star in half.
5	Bink's Scottsdale is a wonderful restaurant tucked into the corner of a small mall. My wife and I came for the appetizer and stayed for lunch. The app in question was the Sweetbread nuggets. These golden-brown delights were cooked to perfection and paired with a great sweet & sour sauce.My wife had the Chicken Salad sandwich which she enjoyed. I had the Ham sandwich which was also very good. Both sandwiches came with fresh pickles and great dipping sauces for the accompanying fries. A very delightful lunch.We hope to try dinner soon and visit some of Binkley's other valley restaurants.
5	My favorite go to spot in Scottsdale!  The menu is unique, fresh and delicious. The service is always great and the menu changes often to make for great variety. They have the most unique and tasty bread and butter if any restaurant I have ever been too. I have enjoyed a variety of dishes here. I love their French fries and truffle ketchup, the mussels are good, lots of great salads and vegetable dishes, the sweet potatoes are wonderful, trout, pasta...I'm not sure I ever had a bad dish here. The dessert variety isn't always great but the summer menu sure is!!!Highly recommend Binks!!!
3	just okay. sweetbread and octopus appetizers tasty but small portions. my spouse ordered the duck as a main course and it was very tasty but came without any sidedish. my rib steak was okay but not prime (we eat better ones at home). it came withone half of a two inch potato. we skipped dessert. service was good but there werejust two couples (including us) in the premises.
3	The food was well prepared fresh and delicious. The decor was muted, modern elegance. The menu is not quite as inventive as the Midtown location catering more to  older, more conservative taste buds.The menu changes often to reflect what is fresh, seasonal and available. The portions a little on the small side but well priced, fresh and well presented. Definitely a good place to go if you want to chat as the noise level is refreshingly low. Easy parking right outside. Superb, professional service.
5	Food was amazing. The concierge at the Four Seasons recommended it to us, and we are happy he did. To start The doughnut muffins were scrumptious! The Spanish omelette was light, creamy and melted in your mouth good. Service was friendly and knowledgeable. We look forward toComing back soon! The steak was well made and the burrata was very good. The homemade potato chips and dipping sauces went very well together and tasted very good.
5	I love this place! Every time I've come to eat here I've been amazed - every dish is so beautifully prepared and tastes even better than it looks. My favorites on the menu: papusa, lobster pasta, chicken salad sandwich, and heirloom tomatoes.The dining room decor looked a bit different today than it did last time I was there. The change, while very mild, definitely changed the feeling of the restaurant for the better - it's a very relaxed/modern/elegant vibe. I've brought friends here for dinner and they are as equally in love with Bink's as I am. I know they will be back and I will continue to tell friends and family how wonderful this place is.
4	We dined again, this time with friends, and for lunch. My wife and one friend had a chicken salad sandwich, another had a salmon blt and liked it, and I had Prime rib with blue cheese. We liked the choices we made and enjoyed the side salads and French fries. Desserts went down well. I was the only wine drinker and the selection is small. It went down well. Service was very good.
5	Binks is one of a small chain of restaurants created by Chef Kevin Binkley, who has been nominated for James Beard award a number of times. While the chef has a regular menu at Binks, companion and I were there for a special lunch - a buffet featuring pig's head.There are those who will turn up their noses at even having a pig's head served to them, but truth be known, some of the best and most succulent meat on the beast is on the head.Companion and I queued up with our plates at the buffet. We started with phenomenal veggie paella, which consisted of rice, peas, onions, thyme and bay leaves. I could not identify all the ingredients, but it was a true hit with both myself and companion. Next was a coleslaw of finely shredded cabbage with mustard seeds and sprouts marinated in what I think was a Japanese rice wine vinegar. I never eat coleslaw that does not have a creamy dressing, but I made a big exception in this case and went back for seconds.Continuing down the line were a cucumber salad, and a potato salad made with red potatoes. The potato salad was tasty, but the potatoes were cut into much too large pieces - my only complaint.Also on the line was a large chafing dish of BBQ beans that were very flavorful.Next came a large chafing dish of pulled pork. The pork had a nice flavor to it along with a bit of smoke. The moisture content was just right and it was cooked to perfection.Finally, we came to the pig's head. Binks got their pig's heads from The Meat Shop, which slaughters their own heritage pigs and supplies many of the best restaurants in the Phoenix area. The meat really does make a difference.The head was served by a chef and you could ask for any parts that you wanted to have. The event started at 2:00, and by 3:30 they had used up 9 heads. And you didn't think this would be popular??I had an ear, some brains, a cheek, some snout, some tongue, and lots of crispy, crunchy skin. Companion had the same as I did. First up was the brains. Creamy with a good flavor from the seasoning. Next was the cheek - which when heavily smoked is the Italian delicacy Guanciale. As I ate it I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I only got a little of the tongue, as companion had asked for the entire thing and quickly scarfed it down. Companion loved the food. The snout had a lovely, gelatinous texture and was a real treat to eat. Finally, came the ear - beautifully crunchy and at the same time the texture of a little cartilage. The skin was wonderfully crunchy and had a nice mahogany glaze that tasted of maple syrup.I was too full for any dessert, but companion managed to down a piece of Sweet Tea Cake which had a light sweet bacon icing drizzled over it. Is there anything better than a porcine meal topped with a dessert that has bacon lardons in it?Over all, it was a wonderful experience, and I will definitely be returning to experience the regular menu. The amount of food was almost overwhelming as this was an all you can eat experience. Service was excellent and everything was spotless.5 stars
1	Wow. What a disappointment. We tried the aranchini,  the carpaccio, the pork shoulder,  pasta, and Moroccan chicken with the mousse and pear sorbet. The pear sorbet was good once I removed the bacon. The flavors did not work for me. The carpaccio was tainted with Wasabi and very acidic slaw. The Wasabi and slaw were way to strong. The pork was ordinary. The pasta was not memorable. The chicken itself was good. The fried part was very thick. I had to remove the fried crust. The mousse was bland. The cake below was good. Overall, the meal was a joke. We will not be back.
4	Went for restaurant week and was impressed. I had the beef carpaccio with kimchi slaw, the shrimp and pasta, and their peanut butter tres leches for dessert.I normally don't eat beef, let alone eat it raw, but the carpaccio was really good! The spicy, tangy asian flavors were refreshing. Not too spicy. Loved the wasabi horseradish. The pasta was delicious! I don't usually like pasta because of how heavy it usually is and how I feel after eating it; I finished the whole bowl and was pleasantly full, no doubt, but did not feel weighed down. The flavors were light, despite seeming like a creamy sauce. There was some kind of bread served with the pasta that I loved the texture of.The tres leches was good. I don't feel like it had the texture I was hoping for - the cake seemed very dense, and I was hoping it would seem more soaked. It was a moist cake, just not what I expected for something that was described tres leches. Did enjoy the peanut butter flavor, but liked their Pear Sorbet better (my mom had that).Definitely will go again!
4	Was paying a visit to the area for the week and needed something fun to do. On accident, I found out that it was Arizona Restaurant week. I figured why not and decided to go for it. This place was the first stop in the city tour.Upon arrival, I immediately found it odd that this place was located in what looked like a strip mall next door to a hotel. I went in and got seated at a high table near the bar. I examined the restaurant week menu and dug in.First I ordered the Steak Carpaccio (thin sliced steak with brussels sprout kimchee, sesame seeds, seaweed crostini and wasabi mayo). The second course was the Moroccan Spiced Fried Chicken (with preserved lemon and herb potato salad and harissa). Finally, I went with the Brown Butter Banana Tres Leches (peanut butter mousse and raspberry).By far, the best dish of the night was the Carpaccio. I usually don't order kimchee but I found that the sourness of the kimchee was balanced out with the tanginess of the wasabi mayo. Not to mention that those flavors coupled with the steak on top of the crostini made one excellent dish. As I moved on to the second dish and tasted it, I thought that it tasted just like regular chicken. It could have been easily dismissed until I found the spicy sauce elsewhere on the plate. Although the spice was a little less than what I expected, it still tasted like a very unique dish.I wasn't a fan of the dessert; not because it wasn't good, but because I think I needed a lighter dish. The Tres Leches was what it was supposed to be; a dense spongy cake with slices of banana, nuts and raspberries. I thought that it felt heavy on my stomach.I took the time to examine the ambiance. The restaurant looked very modern; seating area on one side and high tables and the bar on the other. The areas were separated by a clear display wall of mason jars of different types of things: spices, coconut pieces, slices of pineapple, etc. Wood paneling behind the bar and big scree tvs on either side. Spacious patio area outside.The wait staff was excellent. Regretfully I didn't get the chance to get my waiter's name but he took a lot of time to wait on me and explain the menu. The bartender seemed super nice nearby; he was laughing and joking with some of the folks seated at the bar.The night exceeded way beyond my expectations. Bravo.
4	Went to Bink's on a Friday night for restaurant week.  We were seated immediately at a table that allowed a good view of the kitchen.The restaurant week menu is a three course affair.  Had the beef carpaccio as an app.  Flavor-wise the main feature was the brussel sprout kimchi and it could have used a pinch of coarse salt but the amazing thing was the texture.  As I went to slice it with my knife and fork, i noticed that the knife wasnt necessary.  The beef so thin and tender I could easily scoop it up with my fork and smear it on the crostini before piling on a little of the kimchi on top.  It was literally meat butter. Awesome.The entree was fried chicken which at Bink's is boneless.  The chicken had obviously been brined and was very juicy; it was also rocket hot.  I noticed that in the kitchen, the chicken was almost always the last thing to hit the pass and as soon as it was done, they would quickly run the order out.  But again, the most interesting thing was the texture, or in this case, the crust.  It had a batter consistency a lot like what i had in NOLA at Jacque Imos, extremely crispy, well seasoned.  Kind of a cross between traditional fried chicken batter and a spring roll wrapper.Desert was a chocolate mousse and again, while the flavor was great, the most interesting part of the dish was the texture.  The mousse was impossibly airy; it was as if someone had blown a handful of cocoa powder at you while your mouth was open.  I could have lived without the overcrisped espresso bean garnish tho.I definitely would go back again even without restaurant week.  I've never had a meal where I walked away thinking more about texture than flavor or anything else ...(PS after writing this, I saw the carpaccio pic someone had posted and my serving was definitely missing the very prominent sprinkling of salt and pepper that is inthe picture.)
3	I came to Bink's for Restaurant week under recommendation of one of my foodie friends.  I went with him and his wife, and we had a fairly good time, but maybe some of our expectations were a little higher.As starters, the majority of us got the beef capriccio.  We each got different main dishes: pork shoulder, fried chicken, and shrimp pasta.  The pork shoulder was amazing with a mediterranean type of seasoning.  The fried chicken was okay because it had too much breading for its liking.  It also said it was boneless, but it did not turn out boneless.  The shrimp pasta was light, but it didn't quite have the wow factor.  The desserts were Tres Leche cake, pear ice cream, and a hazelnut mousse cake.  The desserts were yummy when you mixed all 3 of them together in one bite.  Each of them individually seemed to be lacking a component.Overall, the setting was great and lovely.  The food was decent, but maybe not at the level we were expecting when we reserved our night.
3	Bink's was pretty good.  Portions are not the biggest and I think it was a little more hyped up.  The beef carpaccio was very good!  If the prices were a little less I might give this four stars.  Get something that you have never had before, one positive is their eclectic menu.
4	Tonight, my husband and I enjoyed ourselves with close friends for the pig's head special. Initially, you might say "eww!", but it's anything but. Sure, it's the head of a pig, but talk about a culinary adventure.  The chef comes out and cuts it for you; you can choose what parts of the head you will/won't eat. In essence, it's no different than BBQ pork. It's tender bc they soak it in brine for 2 days; they cook it for 6 hrs. You'll get sides of pulled pork, cheddar biscuits, potato salad, and kimchee style brussel sprouts. If you want more sides, they give you more. We had a party of 8 people, but there was definitely enough food to feed at least 12 people. The portions were ample. The brussel sprouts were really good, but the potato salad had a bit too much dill. The service was first class, but we were the only people there on a Sunday night. If you want to try the pig's head, and you should!, you'll need at least 6 folks and a reservation 7 days in advance. It's $180 for 6, and only $10/extra person. It's reasonable for the quality of food you'll enjoy.
4	went for an early dinner about a week ago. We set  inside in one of the booths. Our service was prompt and proffesional, knowledgable and on point. Suggestions were amazing. They had the BBQ octopus with beens special that was out of this world. Never thought that these items would work together... They did and they rocked.all of our food except for the kid's burger was excellent. Now, i had to take one star off due to very poorly prepared kid's cheeseburger. We are of an opinion that if you put something on the menu and are willing to sell it, than ensure that it is done right. We will for sure come back to the restaurant and instead of the burger we will have a steak for our daughter ( she did very much like it) and i am sure that it will be a 5 star experience.
3	Pretty bummed with dinner the other night.  My mom and I loved Binks Midtown and were so excited to try the Scottsdale location.  Came on a Sunday night so the place was pretty dead.  I'll start off saying the server was really nice and attentive.  The three stars is for the food.  We ordered the simple salad and tasted like someone poured salt into the dressing.  We love salt but my mom couldn't even eat it and I regret eating mine for the chipmunk cheeks I had later.  My mom even let the manager know it was a little aggressive and he did offer to bring her a new one...Now for entrees, I had the mussels in a curry sauce and were awesome!  My mom got the Sand Dabs and low and behold.. Salty!! She had to order chili peppers to counteract the salt.All in all underwhelming and not worth the price...
2	OK, I am a local, not a snowbird and I am always looking for a good down to earth restaurant. I should have gone running from the restaurant when I saw Kale on the menu. Kale is the new "in thing". Yuck! very few people in the restaurant at 2 PM on a Saturday and the service was so-so. The Pomegranate meatballs were alright but nothing special. How do you ruin a roast beef sandwich? well, it is supposed to arrive hot. It arrives warm on top and ice cold in the center. Served on a very small roll that had obviously been tasted maybe a few hours before, hard on the edges. Our friends had the saddens and said they were good. One friend had a ham and cheese sandwich and said the ham was very salty. I tried it and he was right, too much salt. Overall not what I expected and too expensive for the small portions. Can't anyone open a good, restaurant with good old fashioned food that does not have kale or pig belly on the menu?
2	The only good thing were the fries.  I had the chopped salad and it was gross. The service was bad too. Took 30 minutes to get our check after it was clear that our plates were somewhat done.
