5	This place is going to take off!! I just stopped by and the owner hooked us up with a sampler dinner for the family and it was fantastic. The ribs were the meatiest I have had and literally falling off the bone.  The side were ALL unique and a great use of different flavors. The Rib Cage is definitely a step up on taste and quality.  I am really hoping to see this new restaurant be a permanent fixture in our neighborhood.
5	This is a jewel of a place!  The ribs are out of this world and Mac and Cheese is to die for.  Friendly staff and worth the 15 minute drive from the Strip.  If you like BBQ, don't miss The Rib Cage!
5	My wife and I went in yesterday and are absolutely ecstatic to have found an awesome local barbecue spot that doesn't make me feel greasy afterwards. Every side we had was pretty spectacular, some pretty unique flavors like a mint infused creamed corn and a kale salad that had an awesome lemon kick. The BBQ itself was awesome, we ordered both the maple chicken and the tamarind ribs, both were bomb and I'm looking forward to eating the leftovers today. Great spot, you should definitely come by.
4	It's more of a 4.5 but I can't round up to a perfect 5 so I have to round down. This place is great. They are still very new so when we went in they still hadn't finished completing the decor of the restaurant. Because of that we were a little worried but it basically took one bite for us to realize we made the right choice. The barbecue itself was excellent. We got a half chicken and an order of ribs. They were both moist and tender and the glaze was delicious. As far as the sides go the macaroni and cheese is a must have. Really good flavor. We also got the BBQ beans which were good, nothing out of the ordinary, but still very good. The two other sides we got were the corn bread and the cole slaw, not bad at all, but just OK. The owner was nice enough to send out two more sides on the house. The mashed potatoes which were great, very creamy, and their homemade potato chips which had some kind of seasoning on there that was really good. All in all a very good barbecue place, everyone loves Lucille's and Memphis grill but I've been to those places many times and it often comes out very dry. This place blows them away. I don't ever write reviews but the owner was so nice and the place really is delicious that I felt I had to do my part to spread the word. Go check it out if you are looking for the juiciest barbecue in town. You won't be disappointed.
4	Just finished off the last of the ribs. Very meaty and flavorful. Chef Nick knows how to cook. The minty creamed corn was tasty, but could not taste any mint, maybe next time, because I plan on returning in near future. While we waited  for our order, chowed  down on homemade cornbread. Ribs had more meat than most other ribs I have eaten. Can't wait to try other entrees and all of the sides
5	Went there last night for the first time and enjoyed the family style feast. The baby back ribs were real good and the BBQ chicken was very good also tried 3 sides all were very good. I will be back.
1	My husband and I have attempted to eat at Rib Cage on three different occasions, twice they were closed and the last time we went I called before hand to see what time they were open until and was told 9:00. We were so excited to finally be trying this place and when we got there they told us that they were out of food and that all they had was white meat chicken and only enough for 1 person. The guy then checked in the kitchen and told us there would be enough for two people. By this point we were halfway out the door. It was 7pm and they were completely out of food! UNACCEPTABLE! Unfortunately we will not be going back again. Too bad, it smelled really good.  : (
5	This place is amazing, local business, not a large chain, family owned. Meat is fork tender and falls right off the bone. The sides are made to order and not sitting around all day unlike other places. The purple sweet mashed potatoes and home made chips are awesome, the corn on the cob is perfectly seasoned as is the broccoli. We also got to try the Mac and cheese and kale salad- all fresh all great! We will definitely be back and think everyone should get there BBQ fix on here!!
5	Wow.....I'm not a rib lover,until now.The food is amazing.....Sandee
5	I was craving some bbq tonight and happened to stumble upon this gem.  I ordered the pork ribs (3 bones) with the Marsha Mash (the purple yam mash) and the corn on the cob. The pork was tender and juicy, with a wonderfully tangy bbq glaze. I did not want to share my dish - at all - but I did.  Across from me, my bf ordered the beef short ribs, along with the sweet and spicy coleslaw and beans.  The short ribs had the perfect amount of fat to meat ratio.  They were cooked maybe between medium-rare to medium, so it was perfect.  The coleslaw was pretty good, too.  We also had the chance to try the mac and cheese.  I usually am not a fan of mac and cheese; i think they're just basic, simple, and I can microwave some of Kraft's and throw in some additional cheese and voila - I didn't have to spend money ordering a small dish of it.  Well, the mac and cheese was brilliant.  It was so creamy and light, with a mixture of stanky-good cheese.  The chef said it had a mixture of 4 different cheeses, just magnificently delicious.  We also tried the mashed potatoes as well, with, I think it might have been pesto drizzled on top, or something similar to it, and that was good too.  However, I was still focused on that mac and cheese.  I honestly started drinking the cream from it.  We went in at about 8pm, an hour before close, and there was only one other table occupied.  The space is pretty open, with nice tables and decor.  There were some sports posters up though, which didn't really go with the ambiance the place educed. The chef/owner was nice, too.  He did seem a bit worn out, though. Anyway, if you're up for trying a new restaurant with great food that is decently priced, I would definitely give this place a try.
4	The smells is what drew me in and RibCage did not disappoint. Nick, the Proprietor and Chef and....yep he is a hands on guy, was very helpful.  They have been open for about 5 weeks and it used to be another restaurant and....  Anywho...the food. I went with the ribs,of course, I did it's called RIBCAGE.  The meat fell off the bone. Very tender and delicious. The sauce was sweet and tangy.  I don't like a lot of spice on my BBQ.  Corn on the cob was nice and grilled.  Bobby's Broccoli was really great as was the Sweet and Spicy Slaw.  Homemade potato chips nice touch.  I liked it, I definitely will be back. Perhaps for Memorial Day.
5	The pork ribs were fall off the bone delicious. Finger licking good. They use a wet rub. Sides were given the same care and attention as the main course.
5	Don't let the minimal appearance fool you, this place is delicious!  We were skeptical when we walked in - nothing on the walls, no menu on the menu board and few people.  RibCage is in the old Meat + Three location and we are glad they moved in. Here is a list of things we tried: beef short ribs, marscapone mashed potatoes, homemade potato chips, Mac and cheese, baked beans, and broccoli. Everything was mouthwatering and delicious!  The short ribs (which are grilled over apple wood chips) did not come on the bone - which I completely appreciate. They melted in your mouth. The mashed potatoes tasted rich but light at the same time. The mac and cheese was made with a white cheese and was not thick but rather slightly runny (not in a bad way). The homemade chips had a fantastic seasoning and if you like them on Facebook they are free!  The baked beans were your classic flavor with a brown sugar base. We also had the freshly made lemonade which is made with cane syrup. It looks more like tea than lemonade and it was tasty. I hope more people start frequenting this place (but not too many - I don't want to have to wait for a table!).  If you want homemade style BBQ with rich flavors and friendly service, this is the place for you.
5	Just went to this little rib place the other night with my very pregnant wife and thoroughly enjoyed the meal.  We split the pork ribs with several sides and had the excellent lemonade to drink.  The mashed potatoes with marscapone cheese were my favorite, and my wife really enjoyed the mac and cheese.  We also had a basic corn on the cob that was cooked on the grill and smothered in butter, baked beans and a corn bread muffin.  Each of the sides had a different twist on the normal serving method and were quite tasty.  The ribs were fall off the bone tender with a bit of spice and good amount of tang to the sauce.  Overall, excellent food and very reasonably priced!  Very nice to have a little rib place near home.Of note, not sure where the post about not having a grill came from, it was visible from the front door and you could smell the smoke while your food was being prepped.
2	So my first experience at this restaurant was great and I thought they deserved a stellar review - which I gave them.  There were a couple of things I overlooked the first time figuring they were still trying to work out the details since they are a new restaurant.  It's been a month since my review and I've had the opportunity to go back - hoping the kinks had been worked out.  They hadn't and in fact the food appeared to go down hill since our first visit.  Let me start by saying this place has four entrees on the menu.  The first time we went one of the entrees was not available.  This last time, the same thing happened again during our last visit.  Seriously Ribcage?  If you only have four entrees on the menu you better be able to always offer them!  One of the guests dining with us ordered three ribs - they only got two.  The mashed potatoes are no longer creamy and decadent but lumpy and flavorless.  We really wanted this place to succeed but if they don't get their act together I'm afraid people will stop coming.
4	We just tried this for the first time based on Yelp! reviews. It's difficult to find as there are 2 buildings at the front of the shopping center hiding it. When we pulled up to it, initially it looked closed as we didn't see any people in it or cars out front until we saw the owner step outside. We went inside and it was empty and very sparsely decorated. The owner/chef greeted us warmly and gave us menus, which are very basic. They only have 3 main dishes to choose from and a bunch of sides. My wife got the "Uncle Ernie's" Maple BBQ Chicken and I got some Bones (ribs) along with an off-menu item (brisket). She got the kale salad and I got the mascarpone mashed potatoes. We were very pleasantly surprised. The food was  to die for. First off, the owner brought out a sample of the brisket to try and it was the most tender brisket I've ever had. I noticed a sign that said cash only. He said the credit card terminal was down and I told him that we may not have enough cash on us so we'll have to come back. He said not to worry, if we don't have enough, we can bring the rest in tomorrow. Wow! The chicken was amazing. Never had anything like it. It was so soft and tender and juicy. The BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy. The pork ribs fell off the bone and the mascarpone mashed potatoes were amazing. The prices were super reasonable and the owner/chef, Nick, was very friendly. I'm just afraid that this place may not last because it is a terrible location (no visibility from drive by traffic). It is going to need it's fans to actively spread the word about how good it is. We will be back and we recommend you try it too.
5	Great portions
5	Great food! The ribs were fantastic! I really loved the mashed potatoes they had a nice flavor. The broccoli was a great choice, the juice in the bottom of the bowl was dip worthy! I will be going back to try the chicken for lunch soon.
3	Nick is a SUPER nice guy!  I liked the food here, but there are a couple of problems.  I have to say we've only been once and am not sure we're going back.  I'm pretty good on the grill and my ribs are better than these, by a ways.  However, if you don't make your own, these will do.  We are from Kansas and Texas and have not found good BBQ in Vegas yet.  His brisket was chewy and tough.  However, Nick noticed that fact after we started eating and he picked it up and brought us a rack of ribs for which he didn't charge us.  He apologized about the brisket.  Now, the coleslaw is INCREDIBLE!  I loved it, my wife hated it.  It's not traditional, but very creative and quite tasty.  I would go back just for that.  We may visit again.  The folks there are super cool, but the food wasn't quite up to par for a Midwestern BBQ aficionado.
5	Delicious. Just have the chef bring you out food it's all amazing. Best ribs I've had in a long time.
5	By far the best bar BBQ I have ever had in my life. I started a yelp account just to review this place. Great service but the food was off the charts. We were 4 people and he just brought out rounds of food for us. Best brisket ever ! Ribs are insane, and the grilled  chicken is perfect. Half off after 12am on weekends, such a great place. 100% recommend must go.
3	I really did enjoy the bbq and Kale salad the one time I dined here.  It's more the sweet sticky ribs variety. Bbq wise they are good.  The bbq sauce and ribs were tender. But it's not in the same league with the Vegas bbq pitmasters who smoke their ribs if you are wanting that.  The sides and salads offered here are different and initially why I came here in the first place. I wanted Kale salad. So bbq wasn't the priority for me.. lolNick the owner and his wife are cool people.  His register happened to be offline that evening couldn't take debit cards so he was telling his customers to just come back whenever to pay for the meals.. Whaat?  That's super trusting.The downside though is trying to catch them when they are open.  Just look at my past gripes on my check ins. Hours for dinner say they're closed at 10pm.. went one night just before 9pm and it was closed.  They supposedly started operating earlier for lunch recently. Saw a Yelper check in early afternoon (Tom) and he verified they were open.  So I went around 2ish and they were just locking up and leaving and wouldn't open again til 4.  So fast forward couple months later I tried again today.  The neon light on the window says they're open and the hours of operation read 11:30-9pm. But the door was locked and nobody was home. That's the last straw.  Im just glad now  I went to the bank and got cash went back and paid for my dinner that same night. Because who knows now when I'll make it back there again. I can't tolerate with the inconsistency of their hours of operation .
5	i live in l.a. and asked for a great rib rest. while visiting the vegas area and i was told of this new place in henderson  just opened so i tried it,there was 5 of us and we all loved the ribs and chicken the sides where delicious.  but best of all was the friendly people there i  will be going back on my next trip there, its as good as any rib place i've been too.
1	CLOSED. Another one bites the dust. I am watching them take off the signage right now.
