4	We stumbled upon Clarinda's Cafe on the way to the Palace of Holyroodhouse. It is a very cute teahouse on the Royal Mile. This place is perfect for a quick lunch or afternoon tea. We had sandwiches with salad and chips on the side. They also had an assortment of fresh baked cakes and pastries.
3	A perfectly servicable teahouse whose service, decour and food are largely unremarkable. Our table was both dirty and a bit wobbly. The server was perfunctory, if a bit gruff. Food was just fine.
4	Coming to Clarinda's is a very welcoming, homely experience, and very much like sitting in the "good room" reserved for special occasions in your great-aunt's house, or somewhere similar, with old fashioned yet comforting decor and with a nice safe familiarity about it all. What's nice about Clarinda's is the non-pretension of it all, and that reassuring, some things never change feeling you get when you come here for a nice wee cup of tea, or a home made scone, or something equally as life calming.I do feel a bit like I should keep my elbows off the table when I'm here and mind my Ps and Qs, but then again, I should probably do that wherever I am. The food here is so reasonably priced, and you get a lot of it too, none of these measly, recession friendly, food portions. There was nothing pretentious about my tasty sandwiches, which came with crisps and salad on the side, and I also managed to wolf down what I think was, or remember as, a yummy slice of banana loaf.
4	Great place for a casual tea.  The pastry cart was loaded with goodness and the salmon sandwiches are to die for!This is a small tea house but the food is great and the staff was friendly and patient with those of us not familiar with the menu or how to order.When on the Royal Mile, this is a great place to stop in for a snack (or full meal if needed).
5	Lovely little place, feels like having lunch at Granny's. Del-i-cious rubarb pie!Cheaper, smaller and better service than Elephant House.
3	This is a funny little place - old and dusty a bit. But, the tea is good and it has a lot of character(s). And the price is right.
4	This was an amazing find on the Royal Mile. Tired and hungry, this charming place provided good food with fresh fragrant flowers on each table. The rhubarb pie was yummy!
3	Popped into Clarinda's enroute to the Scottish Parliament. If you are down the Royal Mile/Holyrood side of town then it is probably worth a visit - it is so cheap!The decor you will love or hate - all plates and chintz and a bit much for me, but cute vintage tea sets being used. Being GF then options are more limited - no ckaes but ask about soups and sandwiches and they also do baked potatoes.I only had tea but the girls all munched down on savouries and cakes which were well received. It is small so you may have to queue at the door to get a table...
