5	If there was ever a business that I would point out as a 'model' for other businesses to follow, Istanbul Grille would be it, hands down! Josh was put out of his space on Liberty Avenue in October, for the expansion of 7-11 (like we need more of THAT!) but he has found a new space in the USX Tower food court! He is back, and the same amazing guy he always was, with the same amazing food!First, their food is fresh, real, plentiful and absolutely delicious. Second, their prices are more than reasonable. And thirdly, and most importantly, their sense of customer service and 'hospitality' is as real and friendly as I have EVER seen in Pittsburgh - and they're from Turkey!I'd been to two of their other locations, first when they were on Centre Avenue, and then after they'd moved to Lawrenceville, and both times, the staff and owner were so incredibly friendly, and the food, even though they'd had kitchen limitations, came out as a home cooked Turkish meal that was outstanding.I tried the downtown lunch counter once after I'd started working downtown, and the thin and adorable guy behind the counter said 'first time?' I told him it was my first time at this location, and I ordered the 'meat' plate for the day. It came with their meat of the day, whatever is on the rotisserie (lamb or chicken) and he piled on the salads, the rice, some hummous, some hot sauce (which is more flavor than 'heat'), and a few other surprises. I don't even remember the price that day, but I had cash in my wallet, paid, and took it back to my office, and it was spectacular.But my second visit was even more amazing. I saw the credit card stickers on the door, and didn't have cash in my wallet. I ordered the meat plate with a little extra hummous, and when I got the food, I noticed they didn't seem to have a credit card terminal. I asked the owner if they took cards. He said 'We don't take anything. Not even money. The food is free.' I smiled but said 'Seriously' because I didn't have cash. He said 'Don't worry, just bring it when you can'. I thanked him profusely, and then ran to my co-worker who was buying dreck food at Subway and borrowed cash, and returned immediately.He looked at me when I walked in the door and said 'Why don't you listen to me? I didn't say run now, I said when you can!'  A lady, who I assume is his mom or aunt came over, and I asked what the total was, and she said 'ten'. I handed her the nine I'd borrowed from my friend, and reached for my wallet. 'That's good' she said. I insisted on giving her the other dollar from my wallet, and thanked them all again. And as I made my way to the door, the owner yelled out 'Hey! Get yourself a soda!' Oh, and did I mention there was a line of twenty people both times?I didn't take a soda, but I was so moved by their genuine realness, that there are no worries - if I have cash, I WILL be back.If some of the businesses serving up crap in town were this genuine and nice, I might spend money on their wares anyway. They should take a lesson from Istanbul.And Istanbul, along with remarkable friendliness, serves up remarkable food. Clearly, a win-win situation.An added bonus is that if you happen to be attracted to dark Middle-Eastern and Indian/Asian types, the line is almost TOTAL eye candy. I fell in love three times just waiting in line.No bull, just total yum - at Istanbul! Visit the new space - they even have seating in the area!
5	Without a doubt, Istanbul Grille is one of the best restaurants in downtown Pittsburgh.Their specialty is fresh Turkish cuisine - chicken shawarma, tabbouleh, bulgur and wheat rice, incredible fresh vegetables, artfully seasoned salads, grape leaves, and much more. There's no menu, you order cafeteria-style, which gives you an opportunity to sample all the options.What really makes this place special, though, are the staff. Josh (the owner) and his colleagues are extremely friendly and caring people. I don't think I've ever had lunch there without seeing them give someone a discount or freebie. They treat regulars and "newbies" alike very well and are just wonderful people to be around.Also, the tabbouleh is amazing. Now if they'd just serve Turkish coffee...!
5	These guys moved from Liberty Avenue to the basement of the UPMC tower. Its still the same friendly Turkish guy with his awesome spread of cold and hot spreads (more hot spreads added in my opinion)His babaganous, hummus, boiled beet is one of the nest along with his bulgar rice and the hot sauce. A must visit for you work lunch while in downtown (or even farther)
4	First time here and I loved it.  We came in during the lunch rush, but we didn't have to wait too long and the service was friendly as if it was mid-afternoon and quiet.  I got a chicken salad and the charming Turkish woman (totally assuming, but she seemed authentic!) hooked me up with eggplant, chick peas, and potatoes on top of my salad dressed with a creamy white yogurt dressing.The best part was the potatoes and the eggplant.  They were flavorful, tender, and a perfect compliment to the crunchy lettuce.  The chick peas were nice and bright as well and a great counterpart to the "heavier" flavors.  The chicken would have been my favorite part in all of it's tender, juicy glory, but we had the bottom of the crock and some pieces were a little petrified (yknow, that crust that the edge of crock pots impart).  I would definitely return, though.
5	I work in the Steel Tower and had never been to this place prior to them moving here. I never considered trying it until coworkers started raving about it. The owners are amazing and the food is fresh. The first time I was there, I had no idea what to order so the girl working the counter helped me out and gave me anything I wanted to try. The next time I came back, the owner, I think his name is Josh, gave my coworker and I a free slice of cheesecake. They are just the epitome of customer service. And you will definitely not go hungry. They pack the boxes so full that it's impossible to eat the whole thing. They have the best hummus I've ever tasted and I highly recommend the chickpea salad, the lentils, meatballs, and the baba ganoush. I''ve been wanting to try the chicken, but they haven't had it either time I've been there. I'll definitely be back so I'm sure I'll get to it!
4	I was SO SO SO excited that Istanbul Grill found a new home! It was heartbreaking when they were kicked out of their old space. But this felt like an adventure. If you don't work at the Steel Building, or you aren't familiar with the underbelly of the building like me, you might be completely lost. Especially if the security guard hasn't even heard of the business!When finally found, it was pure joy! Although it doesn't look like they have quite the room or set-up they used to, I will admit it looks a little cleaner (which is a good thing). I was pumped to get my normal chicken salad with beets, white sauce and two grape leaves, all for $10 bucks! And the massive amount they give you, my lord, you could eat for two days!Now, while it was still delicious, one thing I noticed was that my chicken had to be bottom of the barrel chicken. A lot of it was overcooked and too hard to even eat. Bummer. Why would I go back? Because I know it's still awesome and I'm crossing my fingers this was an "off" day. That's how much I love this place! Five star experience hopefully next time...
4	I was in the mood for something different from my usual routine and decided to try this place because of the good reviews.  I know absolutely nothing about Turkish food so I cannot judge its authenticity, but regardless, I really enjoyed the food.  I told the guy (I assume he was the owner/manager based on his demeanor) I didn't know anything about Turkish food and wasn't sure what exactly to try.  He asked me if I have any allergies and proceeded to fill my tray with items he recommended.   The food was very good and great value for $10.  The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because there were no menus or labels on the food.  I understand that they recently relocated and that perhaps they didn't get a chance to fully setup their signs yet.   Either way, I won't let the lack of menus deter me from going back.  Great food and service!
5	While visiting a city I love to find good places to eat.I love Middle Eastern food and I found a couple choices very close to my hotel.  While out walking around the first day I was excited to see the Istanbul Grill but the location was closed.  So I took to the internet to do some searching and I found William M.'s review of Istanbul Grill that included their new location.  Their website is still just a "Coming Soon Page"  I hope they will fix this soon and at least put up their location and hours.They are located in the basement of the USX Tower food court at 600 Grant St Pittsburgh, PA 15219.  When you enter the lobby take the escalators down, turn right and go through the double doors and they are all the way down the hall in the last store front on the right.  There is no place to eat in these establishments but they do have tables setup in some of the empty store fronts for people to eat.I got there a little before noon on a Friday and there were about 25 people waiting in line to be severed.  There were two servers walking a long a long buffet filling the foam divided food containers.  The line moved quickly because from what I could tell most were regulars and the staff either knew what they liked or the patron quickly made decisions.  Unfortunately for those behind me this was my first time and they do not have any menu boards, prices, or labels on the food.  There were so many things to choose from and it all looked, smelled, and as I was soon to learn, taste great.I heard most patrons ordering the bugler rice (they also had white rice) and chicken so that is what I ordered.  The chicken looked like bone-in but it was pulled whole chickens without the bones.  I told my server it was my first time and she gave me only about half the salad that came with my meal so she would have room to toss in samples of many of their offerings.  The rice and chicken filled the primary slot in the foam container and I think I was given about the equivalent of a breast, wing, and thigh.I have no idea what this all costs, because when I pulled out my wallet and asked the prices she said, "Just $10 today."  $10 might seem expensive to sum but you had to see all the food she stuffed in the container and feel the weight, I am glad I was not paying by the pound!The rice was great.  The salad was wet with dressing but not so overly seasoned that all you tasted was garlic and it was fresh and crisp.  I was also sampled hot eggplant - wow what a treat, I could have this as my main meal.  Lentils which were good, they looked dry but were not dry when eaten, a carrot salad - unbelievably flavorful, who know cold carrots could taste so good.  Hot cabbage, very nice with the rice, I think I also saw stuffed peppers but I did not try them.I was also received what looked like beets but was a cold cabbage salad - it was also very taste a little like a seasoned coleslaw.   I was also blessed to have been gifted a vegetarian grape leaf,  I have been eating grape leaves since I was a little boy and I find most restaurant grape leaves are dry.  Istanbul's grape leaves were moist and just the perfect lemon juice tang that I remembered from childhood.I also received a large scoop of a yogurt sauce, that I think was flavored with mint, by the time I had gotten the meal back to my hotel the flavors had all blended with the rice, which was a good thing.  I was also sampled a large scoop of what looked like hummus but I am not 100% sure that was what I was given, it was thin and had a great flavor, I had to eat this out of the plastic bag because I spilled my to-go container carrying it back to the hotel, I know you should not eat out of the plastic bag but I just could not waste this sauce.If I live near Istanbul I know I would become a regular, I am sure I will be a "regular" each time I get back to Pittsburgh.I am not sure of their hours but I would guess because of their location they would only be open during the week as they seem to mostly serve the workers in the USX Tower which is a sham because food this good needs to be a street level to attract the walk by traffic so people in Pittsburgh can stumble into this great food.
5	Had lunch for the first time today at Istanbul, in the bottom of the USX building. All my coworkers have been raving about this place for weeks. My boyfriend brought up the idea of Turkish food to me just yesterday and I was super hesitant. But I'm so glad I decided to give this spot a try.I went with my more seasoned coworker (I heard the ordering process was.... confusing, at best.... for newbies) and kind of watched how he ordered. They had choice for hot plates (if you wanted chicken you had to go outside - guess they're selling it out on the plaza), cold plates, etc. I went with the cold veggie plate and I made sure to mention it was my first time dining there.The woman behind the counter was super great and kind of led me along all the food stations, asking if I had food allergies and inquiring what I liked. I'm not typically a fan of grape leaves but I found myself actually enjoying the one she gave me.I think by the time she loaded up my container, I had some great salad, a grape leave, some orange rice-looking stuff that was great, killer hummus, some eggplant, a bean salad, some green bean stuff, yogurt sauce, beets and probably some other stuff I'm missing.I forced myself to only eat half.... and trust me, I could've wolfed down the whole plate without stopping. Most of the time I didn't even know what I was eating, I just knew all the flavors were fantastic. I'm intensely looking forward to lunch tomorrow because that means leftovers. The whole meal cost me $9 - which for me, is a little high. I don't think I could make this a weekly stop.... but probably a once-a-month treat.Check it out, even if you're hesitant. It was fabulous.
5	Best food in all of downtown Pgh. You get tons and tons of food for around $10. Everyone that works there is super helpful if you're not familiar with Turkish food. Cash only! Everything here is to die for. I love the carrot salad and the babaghanoush for starters. Please try this place and give a family owned and operated business some service, I promise you won't regret it.
4	It's only open for take out and lunch, but its so good.  If you're a 1st timer, ask how to order, he's no Nazi, but you may not know what your looking at.  Try lots of sides and veggies.  Everything I've tried was fresh, healthy, and delicious.
3	I had never been here before hearing a co-worker rave.  There are no instructions on how to order, and no prices listed.  the  woman was nice when I asked how to order, but didn't really explain.  she just started coming out four or so different dishes while giving a one word description.  I have been back twice and still don't understand her system.  I've never even been offered one of the numerous cold dishes.  that said, the food is delicious, if pricey.
5	Now, I've eaten at some great Mediterranean joints. Some fancy, some hole in the wall. But this place takes the cake (or Baklava if you have it).Two things make this place truly awesome (which is the basic expectation from places you go to eat) - the food and the people. It might be a small 'fast food' shop in the basement of a corporate tower, but boy the food is good. They probably have the most perfectly cooked, juicy chicken I have ever eaten at a place where I have to struggle to push my meal cost to two digits. Add to that the Bulgar rice, side salad and a plethora of traditional sides and veges, and you have meal that will blow you away (and make it hard to finish). The sauces (especially the home-made hot sauce - which I think is made fresh everyday) also are an excellent addition to the meal.The place is run by a family, and you are fed like you are part of the family (read it feels like a complete home cooked meal). The owner (Josh) is a wonderful guy - he cares more about you enjoying a satisfying meal, than taking your money for it. Multiple times he has told me to pay later if his CC machine doesn't work, and keeps throwing in free stuff all the time. Yes, this place doesn't have the best ambiance or even table service. Yes, this place has become a bit of a hole in the wall. Yes, this place runs out of food by 12:40 PM on most days. But, if you do manage to make it there on time and get your hands on a box full of delicious, you will leave leave happy and surely come back again.
5	Awesome food. Owner (Josh) is a great guy. A true hidden gem.I work in the steel building and eat here at least once a week. The food is always delicious. Josh proudly tells his customers that everything he serves is made fresh daily. I'm pretty sure it's good for you - definitely better than a lot of the lunch options Downtown. Plus you get to support a small business when you patronize Istanbul Grille. Don't be put off by the sometimes confusing spread of options - they will serve you whatever you want, just ask!
