4	Although the dentist is not a fun place to go, they make it as pleasant an experience as possible.  I should know, I've spent plently of hours here getting my teeth cleaned, drilled and filled.  Sit back and relax in an easy chair, watch a dvd of your choice and go numb on novacaine.
5	Dr. Jay Bhatt, Brandi, Summer, et al are just great!They are always in a good very good mood. Besides that they are very organized and upfront about what treatment plans you will need. They call to remind you about appointments and have brand new equipment. Their office is very convenient for me which is great and they have the gift card program where I have received 5+ gift cards worth $30.00 for Best Buy and Cheese Cake factory. They are Awesome!
1	Do NOT go here! They are dishonest! During my appt, I was told that I had 4 cavities that needed to be filled. They were unable to do all 4 during that appt, so they filled 2 and I scheduled a follow-up for the other 2. Something came up and I couldn't get to their office for the follow-up and they couldn't reschedule me soon enough so I just went to my husband's dentist. When I went to that appt, he said that I did NOT have 2 cavities that needed to be filled! He's a very experienced dentist and said my teeth looked fine. I don't know if I even actually needed the first 2 fillings that Serenity did, but obviously it was too late. My husband's dentist said it's relatively common for dentists, especially new ones with brand new fancy everything in their brand new fancy offices, to do procedures that aren't necessary just for the money. I can't say for sure that's what Serenity did with the 2 fillings they did for me since they were filled when I saw the second dentist, but I can say for sure that I did NOT need the other 2 fillings they said I needed. Don't be fooled by the beautiful office (and yes, it's great...love the TV's at each chair). Go to an honest dentist who knows what they're doing, NOT Serenity.
5	Amazing dentist as well as the staff. I enjoy visiting the dentist. They have also just recently added an orthodontist to the practice. I am currently going for my normal dentist visit and now my orthodontic work.
1	I had made an appt for my first visit for this week but something came up so I called and canceled it last week itself. Well, I got a call stating I missed my appointment and I should find a different provider. I told the staff member that I called and canceled my appointment. She stated there are no notes stating you canceled. I am a provider by profession in a medical field and I know the big difference between canceling and no showing for appointment. Why would I waste someones appointment time slot when I do not like someone else wasting mine. First of all, I had called. And if there are no notes, it is your internal error; not my fault. Secondly, if you want me to find another provider why waste your time even calling me asking me to find another provider. Which after this rude call I am certainly doing that!Very very rude staff and horrible customer service!
5	No one really likes going to the dentist, including me, but lets face it, we SHOULD always go, better yet HAVE to go, its just good hygiene! LOL! The good thing for me when it comes to visiting the dentist I don't actually mind too much! Each time I come in, the staff members know me by name (not because I am in here every day) because they are very personable with their clients. I have the same dental hygienist every time I come in which is fantastic because she is also very personable and we can have nice, friendly conversations before she starts her work. JODY YOU ROCK! Some people really don't care to be friendly or get to know the people that work on their teeth, but to me feeling comfortable, and feeling like these people care to remember things about me and my life, make me feel like they care to make sure I am getting the best care they can provide. It's very reassuring and I love it!Now when it comes to actual dental work I feel like they have always done an outstanding job. I have only had 2 cavities in the 3 years I have been going to their office (High 5 to brushing and flossing only 2 cavities) and I have had no other problems. My teeth are in really great shape, so I don't have to worry much, but they do their job by making sure they catch things when needed and that they stay in good shape. My fillings have never fallen out, they are never sensitive and you can barley see them! I have never had below average or average work at that, always exceptional.Now when it comes to their office I think I have the most fun! Each time I have come in for a cleaning I am able to watch a movie! Each station has its own flat screen that comes down from the ceiling that entertains you while you have your teeth worked on. It was very nice to have when I was in the chair for a few hours getting my 2 fillings. It kind of distracts you and takes you away from what is going on in your mouth while you get into your movie. Each station is always very clean, not a lot of tubes and craziness happening. Its all organized and set up well. When you first walk in the lobby itself, it is very fancy. It's very open, great tile work, some stone siding, large pictures and a nice front desk. It's weird to describe but I would say its professional, fancy, clean and calming! Weird for a dentist's office I know..... but hey go there and see for yourself! LOL!Thanks for always taking care of me and being awesome! Keep it up Serenity
5	Very personable and friendly staff.  I'm always greeted with a smile and they go the extra mile to make sure I am comfortable.  I recently brought my two year old daughter in for her first check up.  Although she didn't like the fact someone wanted to peek in her mouth, the staff handled the situation perfectly.  They didn't push her into anything she didn't want to do.  The hygienists even showered her with toys and endless sugar free gun.   I've been a patient at Serenity for over two years now and because of the way they took time and went the extra mile to make my daughter comfortable, I will be a longtime patient here for my dental needs.
