5	I love Kaya.  This place just exudes a fun and friendly atmosphere, and is the only place I know of where you can order Tapas in Pittsburgh.  They're all delicious, and if you've never tried alligator you can do that here too.
5	Cozy 'n' groovy little Caribbean restaurant/bar right on the strip. The decor is simple and understately elegant while the bartenders and cocktail selection, superb!The food is Caribbean with leanings toward Jamaica, so expect menu items such as jerked chicken, sweet plantains, cornbreads, cajun style remoulades (piquant sauce made with mayo, pickles, capers, herbs, etc.), fish served with citrus gastriques (thick sauces made via a reduction of vinegar or wine, sugar & fruit, served with seafood to add a fruit flavor to the dish)  and loads of other yummy yummies!!Aside from the food and drink, this is a great place to catchup with old friends from school or take family visiting from overseas! 5 Stars!!
3	Was I on a date? She just looked at me when the bill came. There was no offer to split the bill. The look in her eye forced the words, "I got it" out of my mouth and I paid the bill. I had gotten a design internship that summer. It was half a weeks pay. Maybe it was a date so maybe it was okay. We went out to a bar afterwards and she went home with someone else.
4	Another one of my favorites in the Burgh. Kaya has been around for quite a while and it used to be a refueling stop for me on Christmas Eve before diving in with the shopping masses on Penn Avenue.Their specialty, tropas, tropical tapas, were here way before Ibiza and all of the other tapas bars in town caught on with the idea of serving little dishes. Although, the tropas menu has been substantially reduced from Kaya's glory days, there are still some tasty treats on the menu. The tuna tataki (or whatever it's called) - sashimi tuna, seaweed, sesame seed, all chopped up and marinated in a soy-based sauce, served cold and with some crackers is great. I also like the conch fritters; and the tofu cracklins - deep fried tofu served with a sweet, chipotle sauce (a little too sweet and not spicy enough for me - nowhere near the heat of mapo doufu - but it is good nevertheless).I have never tried any of their main dishes...so I can't comment on them. It's usually 3-4 tropas between me and the mrs.
5	It's been about a month since I've been, but I'm still dreaming about the pulled pork quesadilla. I tasted everyone's selections, and they were sublime.  It is a hefty price, but this is the kind of food you want to splurge on. We tried many of their drink specials, all of which are good. The last drink I chose was a margatini (tequila martini-ish) and it was delicious. As for the other drinks, my memory has grown foggy, but I'll update with specifics after my next visit. The ambiance is great, dark but boldly lively with oranges and reds.  I recently moved back from Pittsburgh, and I was surprised to see the place so quiet on a Friday night. I remember the strip being much more vibrant when I was in high school. I guarantee that this restaurant would have a wait every night of the week in Chicago.
4	I went to Kaya for lunch with a Yunzer friend. Veg options weren't abundant, but the lone veg lunch entree, Jamaican green curry, was solid. I particularly enjoyed the saffron rice.Decor and service were both pleasing. Another success pulled off by the big Burrito Restaurant Group!
1	When visiting Pittsburgh earlier this month we were searching for a place to get a small, quick lunch on a sit-down restaurant.  Since we were "sight-seeing" Steeltown's "Strip" we decided to try Kaya.  The restaurant looked decent.  First, the service was inadequate fromt he first moment.  Our waitress was a bit rude, walked away in the middle of our order of drinks and then did not come back with even the ice water until 15 mins later.  We ordered a fried appetizer (a take on an Indian dish of which name I don't recall), and it was ok tasting....something a TGIF could pull off.  My husband ordered a seared tuna salad I believe and I got the jerk chicken salad.  His dish was on the bland side but edible.  My jerk chicken salad was a far cry from anything edible.  The chicken was so salty, had so much dry herbs and pepper that all I tasted was salted herbs and then fire from the pepper.  The dressing on the greens underneath the chicken was bitter and the mango salad that came on the side was not at all fresh.  I was starving so I managed to eat a third of it but then had to stop because it was beginning to really make me gag. I obviously refused the spacey waitress' offer to get the rest of the meal wrapped up.  If you like boring food trying to pass for something exotic then this is your place.  One other thing I can say is that the problem with service was not only a problem for us.  A couple sitting near us got up and left after not even getting menus for the first 15 or 20 mins and another family had to actually get up from the table to go get the waitress on the other side of the restaurant.  This was not a busy Sat so I doubt that lapses in service like this can be blamed on a busy hour.  In general our food experience in Pittsburgh was just bad.  I do hope that the city has more to offer than what we had the displeasure of trying.
4	I kinda went in with low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. You see when we were entering the restaurant, a number of young men in track suits were leaving. The decor was surprisingly not as tacky as I imagined it would be and the service at the bar was very good. We did have to wait longer for our reservation. It was a laid back atmosphere with excellent service. As far as food goes, I would lean toward the seafood dishes and getting a number of small plates. They are also excellent about splitting entrees for you. Of the small plates, I particularly like the tuna poke. The enchiladas are just okay, but their dipping sauce is very good. The lamb and cockles were very good. Eastern Shore Sea Scallops, Mussels and Littleneck clams was excellent. Crispy duck breast, creamy cornmeal grits, charred mustard greens, chili gastrique was good, but I found the sauce a bit on the salty side. Portions are quite generous. As far as desserts, the creme brulee was the best. The bread pudding okay, but a bit too egg-y. The chocolate cake was meh. The texture was too dense and dry. I think they need to soak the cake in rum. Wine selection was a bit disappointing. I would have like to see some South African wines considering that this is a African / Carribean fusion theme restaurant. Though I had a glass of the Carmenere and it was quite good. Overall, I was quite pleased with the place. It would be nice for a date. It is a bit spendy on a grad student salary. It came to approximately $200 for the 4 of us with a couple drinks each, tax + tip.
3	This is a good spot and a good choice for the big burrito chain.  I was here last night and the place was pretty busy.  The decor is totally tacky, but in a fun way.  It's a relatively small restaurant with a really big bar.  There's also outdoor seating, which is great for people watching in the strip.  The service was friendly and prompt without being intrusive.  The bathrooms are a little out of the way in the basement, but nevertheless nice and much nicer than I remember them years ago.  We started with a selection of appetizers.  The black bean dip with cheese was pretty good and is the same stuff you get at mad mex.  The scallopp app' was awesome, three huge scallops perfectly cooked with a nice sauce.  I got the "pork belly".  I've had this in other places and it was different than this.  This was basically a really fatty barbecued rib, but I like ribs,so I was happpy enough.  My entree' was the flank steak, which was a nice portion but a little undercooked and the black bean side was cold.  Overall an average entree'.  My friend ordered the shrimp with curry vegetables, which she liked a lot and had plenty of leftovers.  I tried the shrimp and they were cooked well and very fresh.  The curry veggies were super hot.  I was a bit disappointed in the wine list having asked for two of the wines on the menu only to find out that they were out of stock.  This is a good spot, but I wouldn't really consider it caribbean or west indian food.  I'm from the carribbean, so maybe I have too high standards.  I'd say this is to carribean food what olive garden is to italian food.
3	Maybe my expectations were a little high, but I left Kaya a bit disappointed.  I'm sure the gloomy, slushy weather didn't help, but the restaurant seemed a bit too dim.  The decor was fine, the music was pretty good, and our server was very friendly.The food was just a little mediocre.  We started with the mango & tomatillo salsa - very chunky and not bad at all, but the Kaya chips were a bit dry and some tasted a little burnt.  As my entree, I chose one of the todo en uno options - a smaller sandwich + 2 sides - with the pressed manchego and idiazabel sandwich, and the spicy slaw and the sweet potato fries as my sides.  The bread for the sandwich was a bit dry, the cheeses were a bit bland, there was a bit too much arugula and the plantain chips on the sandwich had no plantain-y flavor.  The slaw was also very dry and the only spice I tasted was pepper.  The sweet potato fries were very good though.  Boyfriend had the pressed serrano ham & manchego sandwich, which he also said was a bit bland.  We shared the creme brulee for dessert, which was not bad.  The bill came to about $36 before tip.As we were eating dessert, we heard a couple at the next table rave about the Kaya burger, so I may have to try that next time.  I'm also curious about their vegetarian prix fixe dinners - an amuse bouche, 3 courses, and dessert for $39 with plenty of vegan options.  They also have a chocolate & rum Valentine's dinner coming up.Overall - not very impressed the first time, but willing to come back and try something else.
3	Five Stars - Beer selection on draft!!!! Oh my, probably one of the best in the Burgh for american craft brews on draft.Three Stars - Food.  I assumed because they do a vegetarian price-fixe at times they would have good vegetarian eats, but they were strikingly mediocre.  Maybe I'm just not into Caribbean, but the bland, soggy pile laid before me doused in coconut milk just didn't cut it.  I'm sure this is a more exciting restaurant for the meat eaters among us.
4	I received a certificate for up to $30 off an entree for any of the Big Burrito restaurants for my birthday (you can sign up for this on their website). I decided to try out Kaya for my birthday dinner. I selected the seared ahi tuna and it was excellent. The meal paired a lot of different items that hit different taste buds. There was a rice that was a little spicy and tasted great with some sort of green (I think arugula) that had a tart flavor. The tuna was perfectly seared in my opinion. The staff was also very friendly, especially the woman that seated us. The only complaint that I would have is that the restaurant was on the smaller side. My friend and I unwillingly listened to the party next to us debate on who had how many rum runners so they could split their check.
2	I had eaten here two years ago, and remember it being really good.  I sat at the bar, the bartender was spot-on, and the food was excellent.Went back this last weekend, and was underwhelmed.  The staff was friendly, helpful, and on-point, which was very much noticed and appreciated.  But the food itself seemed to really lack.I had the Jamaican Curry bowl, which is the last item on the vegetarian menu.  It tasted overspiced; not too spicy, but just as if someone had put in three times the spices the dish called for.  I can't imagine the chef who made this tasted it and liked it.My girlfriend got the salmon, which was a really good-sized portion, but it could probably have been fresher.  We split an appetizer that was pretty good, and each had one drink.The music was great, actually.  There's a wall of speakers above the front row of tables, but it's turned to a background volume, which led to the music being clear, well balanced, and unobtrusive.  The decor was good, and I especially liked the custom trussing of lights over the bar.  Anyways, after tax and tip, the entrees should have wowed the hell out of me, and they really failed to do so.  I had wanted to go try the vegetarian prix fixe, but I'll probably hold off on that for awhile.  I'll eventually head back, as I do remember having a great meal there, but at $85 for the two entrees, two drinks, and an appetizer, I'm not in a hurry to check it out again.
3	I've ate here once and i thought the food was pretty good. i really liked the fact they had multiple vegetarian options and was a big fan of the lentil and corn beignets.
3	I have the best boyfriend in the world and together, we like to explore different restaurants. We actually keep a list of places that we want to visit and the list is long! Saturday night we were in the mood for something a little different and Kaya seemed to fit the bill. We had a 7:00 pm reservation, however, I do not believe that a reservation would have been necessary. Things didn't start off too well, as the hostess tried to seat us at the banquet next to a gentleman at the next table who was fixated with the TV and had his butt blocking off half our table. When we insisted on another seat and pointed out several available, the hostess said "I think we are expecting a table of 10 and need that space". Well, alrighty then. We did get a different table without an over hanger, but then it seemed to take awhile for our server to greet us. Adam was very nice and very knowledgeable concerning the menu. I had a Key Lime marguerita. BJ had a Red Stripe beer. We were starving so we ordered up a couple appetizers. We got shrimp fritters with spicy mango sambal. They were delicious but I thought they were a little stingy with the sambal. BJ got Jamaican jerk wings with cilantro cream. He said they were very crispy and tasted good. He also really like the cream sauce. For dinner I got the tempura battered chili relleno stuffed with hominy and crinimi mushroom stuffing and served on slaw. Adam reported that the chef had recently changed the recipe and inquired if I liked it (I was only able to eat a little less than half). I thought it was definitely the best chili relleno that I have ever eaten. The only downside was that it was served slightly warm. I like my food just like I like my men, hot and toasty! BJ had the Tropical Paella. It was chicken, chorizo, shrimp, bay scallops, mussels, pineapple, roasted red peppers and sugar snap peas. I managed to steal a couple snap peas which were awesome. But BJ, who always cleans his place, didn't finish. He reported that the portion was plentiful, but he expected the dish to be a little more Spanish type flavored, rather than a jambalaya. Also, he thought was over seasoned, the flavors could have been a bit some subtle. For dessert, we shared a single scoop of "mystery" sorbet. It was a mix of mango, ginger, lemon, etc. and after eating it, the rest of the flavors is still a mystery. It was a great finish to the meal. Our take was that the restaurant was just okay, nothing special and definitely not the place to go for a romantic meal.
4	Came here for lunch. There was four of us and between us four, we each ordered the pulled pork quesadilla and tropical paella. The Jerk Pulled Pork Quesadilla had spicy slaw, tomato, Machaego cheese and cucumber aioli. Everything had it's own flavors, but I wasn't a big fan of their slaw. I think it would have tasted fine without the slaw or perhaps up the taste for the slaw. It just had a sour taste and didn't go well with the pork.The Tropical Paella had chicken, chorizo, mussels, shrimp, bay scallops, sugar snap peas, pineapple and red peppers. This dish was well flavored and the pineapple gave the dish a great touch. There was chunks of everything everywhere, I would say they need more rice with all that stuff! =)We also had an order of Jamaican Jerk Wings with cilantro cream- this was very tasty. The wings were seasoned well and the sauce went very well with the dish.Overall experience, this place was very tasty and would come back. Service was quick and friendly.
3	I recently went to Kaya's monthly vegetarian prix fix dinner, complete with wine pairings. I ordered all of the vegan options. I was not entirely impressed...The amuse, a beet ceviche, was delicious -- I would have traded out my main course for a big bowl of it. The two bite portion was a true tease.Course one was roasted potatoes, meh. These were served with a green tomato ketchup which tasted too much like heinz for me to give a shit. OK, it did have notes of apple which was slightly interesting. But also served on the side was a "sour cream" and onion dip that was pretty yummy and had hints of horseradish.  I think the "sour cream" base is the same as that used at Mad Mex.Second course was Chilled English Pea Soup. I LOVE raw english peas, thus appreciated the imagination of this soup (I believe it was a raw dish). However, I would have just as soon cracked open fresh pods, enjoying the full texture of nature's candy. Toward the bottom of my bowl of soup, I realized that blenderization diminishes the essence of peas, and felt slightly sad.Carrot-lime intermezzo -- fine.Third course was a big disappointment. Roasted Porchini Arepas sounded exciting ("what are arepas?"), but it tasted rather plain. The arepa was dry; dying for some of that "sour cream" and onion condiment from course one. The mushrooms were delicious, as mushrooms are, and that is my only compliment for this course. Crispy sweet potato fries were served on the side, but again with no condiments and I had had my fill of potatoes at course one. This course lacked moisture and flavor all around.So why three stars instead of two? Dessert was amazing. "Strawberry Pound Cake" is the strawberry short-cake I have been dreaming about for 13 years (about the length of time I have been vegan). Probably not all that difficult to make, but wow, those strawberries were good (I surmise they were local, yay)!The mignardises, chili chocolate, was like a slightly spicy m&m. Cute.To quote Kaya's website, "The menus emphasize flavor and variety, presenting familiar foods in exciting ways, and making exotic foods delightfully accessible." I feel that exotic foods were completely lacking from this meal and that the emphasis was placed on creativity with familiar foods. Plantains would have been an excellent substitution for one of the potato dishes. The meal was full of "American" flavor with very little suggestion of "island" influence (ie. lime and cilantro). Perhaps they strive to use local ingredients, which would be cool, but there were no indications of that on the menu. No, I am not going to lay into a discourse to define "American" cusine, but hey, the restaurant is located in the U.S., admittedly serves "fusion" styles and the kitchen boys were white; probably studied culinary arts in 'merica. I mean that one should not expect an exotic experience at Kaya, though one should expect, demand even, an imaginative and quality meal.The wine pairings were all perfectly on point; I owe much to this in creating what was generally a lovely meal. The service was also excellent. We had come in from the rain and were soaked; the host brought us towels to dry ourselves. Our server made intense eye contact which, in my eyes, made her an attentive communicator.The ambiance was nice, with exception for the tv airing CNN in the front corner; it wasn't obtrusive, but it was there. I did not care for the seating. The tables were close together, and there was a great distance across the table between my date and I, thus at Kaya, you will often be sitting closer to your neighbor than your companion. Thankful to the date who paid,Heidi
4	If this restaurant were a boat, they'd have forgotten to put a "k" on the end of their name.  Happily, however, this restaurant is not a boat.  It's a restaurant.  (I may now refer to myself as Captain Obvious in the third person for the rest of this review.)Captain Obvious went to lunch at Kaya.  She ordered the following menu items: 1.  A glass of red sangria, 2. a cup of gazpacho verde 3. a small isabeleta(?) and monchego grilled sandwich with lime oil, arugula and some other item in there of which Captain Obvious does not recall the name.  The sandwich came with two sides.  Captain Obvious chose the spicy slaw and petite salad. Considering that an appetizer and meal generally is generally a overzealous amount of food, I... I mean Captain Obvious... was very please with the portion sizes.  They were mid-sized, reasonably small, yet still big (go figure that out) portions of delicious.  The sandwich and gazpacho were particularly delish.  Delish dish! (Say that 10 times fast). The side salads were nice, but they were side salads aka somewhat boring. The Sangria... well perhaps they should rename it Saintgria, because it was heavenly.  Actually, it might have been a touch too sweet, but I liked saying that.  It was good in any case.One downside was the the service was kinda slow... It took a long time for the waitress to get us our drinks and apps (which considering that they were just soup should have been easy to maneuver). The entrees came perhaps a bit to quick.  Time is always of the essence, so that could be worked on.  In addition, the chairs... ugh... who designed those?  Clearly, they never sat in them, because they weren't great for posture or comfort and, let's face it, chairs should meet one of those two basic needs at very least. Let this be a lesson to you all:  Sit in every chair you design before finalizing plans.  (Captain Obvious design chairs ALLLL the time - don't you?) In all though, Captain Obvious did like the place and mmm to the food.
5	By far the most interesting and flavorful food I found in Pittsburgh! I just loved Kaya, and went there at least three times while I was there visiting. I could always count on delicious vegetarian meals, like the spectacular risotto with a fried egg on top, the green Jamaican curry, and the egg and avocado torta. The appetizers were also top notch, especially the lentil and corn beignets (don't try to tackle these on your own, though -- there's more than enough to share with about 4 people) and the tofu cracklins. The service was always great and the servers were genuinely excited about the food being served -- and were happy to share their favorites, or steer you away from a choice that may not be quite as good. The meat-eaters who I dined with were incredibly impressed with the double cut pork chop, and the fish tacos (a friend, also from California, said they were the best she'd ever tasted). The atmosphere is funky, and the prices are very reasonable, too. Definitely worth a visit!
4	Another excellent Big Burrito Eatery but this time island fusion. All the fish dishes are super.
5	First off, Kaya's happy hour is great. All wine, beer, and cocktails are half off. I just love their cocktails. These specials run from 5 to 7 pm, Monday through Friday. The food is reasonably priced, with a few exceptions. I have enjoyed the lentil-corn beignets, the Yucatan Bean dip, and the mussels for appetizers. The jerk chicken wings were startlingly spicy, which was a welcome change from other establishments' jerked chicken. I also love their chips. For entrees, the Paella, flank steak and Cuban sandwich were all good. However, on one occasion, a dining companion ordered the Green Curry Vegetables. I had a taste, and we both agreed it was bland. The shrimp he ordered were also a bit undercooked. This would be my lone "bad experience" at Kaya. The staff also remedied the problem. Service is usually friendly and casual. They were kind enough to serve my fiance the calamari free of sauce, with no questions or eyebrow raises. We usually get a table outside when the weather is good, as the inside is well-decorated but dark. I will be scheduling another visit to Kaya soon. If it were in a more central location to me, I would go there all the time.
4	I'm bent on eating my way through the Big Burrito family as a State College culinary expat spending many weekends in Pittsburgh. Kaya was my second stop, albeit for lunch and without alcohol. Our waiter seemed to find himself more clever than we did, but the food was generously portioned and quite filling. I had the grilled tuna sandwich with black beans and arugula, and while it was tasty, I wish I'd ordered my friend's pork-and-banana pile of amazingness. Three lunches plus some spicy, crisp conch fritters only ran us $15/each. Not bad for a member of Pittsburgh's high-praised Big Burrito group...definitely can't beat the prices out here, as I imagine a similar meal at one of my favorite Philly places would've hurt my wallet much more.
3	I have now been to Kaya twice, once for dinner and once for brunch and both occasions the food has been lackluster at best. Kaya is attempting to pull off a high concept fusion style restaurant, blending Caribbean, South American, Pacific and Mexican cuisine into an appetizing blend of food. To be perfectly honest I am skeptical of fusion places due to the high rate of failures in execution. In many cases you have a young hot-shot chef who wants to be known as a bold flavor innovator, blending cuisines that he has never mastered to achieve usually poor to mediocre results. The dishes in many cases have only a vague similarity to the original and if it would be beneficial if the chef would stick to concentrating on the basics instead of cooking up bizarre fusion dishes.Some examples would be the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Wings - which tasted nothing like Jerk seasoning should (loaded with allspice, heat of the scotch bonnet pepper, cinnamon, cloves, etc. Instead it looked like we had a dab of commercially bought jerk seasoning tossed on the wings after cooking. The wings themselves were cooked nicely, big and juicy but still had some pin feathers attached that were not removed, attention to details such as this is mandatory. For brunch I tried the eggs benedict with smoked salmon, the eggs were poached hard, again another detail that is unacceptable and sloppy. The salmon was cheap, the cornbread it was served on was good and made for an interesting combination but the addition of smoked paprika on top was okay, but nothing exciting. I could go on and on, but you see the problems.2.5 Stars because the place is interesting for Pittsburgh but for those of us who have traveled and eaten in the Caribbean, South America and Mexico, the food comes off as dull copies of vibrant originals.
3	3.5 stars.  I've had the Kaya burger in the past as well as brunch yesterday.  Kaya focuses on an "island" theme to their food and is located in the Strip District at the corner of 20th and Smallman St.Brunch on Sunday starts at 11 AM.  My companion and I decided to sit outdoors since it was a rare beautiful day of mid-November in Pittsburgh.  We started out with their smoked salmon appetizer and their Jamaican Jerk chicken wings.  For entrees I got the Kaya Benedict.I ordered the smoked salmon b/c I like beginning my meals with some sort of cured meat, either a smoked salmon or some sort of antipasto.  The smoked salmon appetizer came out with a large serving of smoked salmon topped with minced onion, cilantro, a drizzle of creme fraiche and two fresh tortillas from Reyna's Foods right down the street.  We added the Jamaican Jerk chicken wings and it was definitely a good decision.  Typically chicken wings are fried and then tossed in a sauce.  These wings were super flavorful and crispy; I think they were marinated and then baked?  I'll ask next time I'm there.  The lime cilantro sauce was creamy and full of cilantro, but I would have liked a bit more lime for a little more zing.The Kaya Benedict didn't meet my expectations at all.  It was cornbread with roast pork topped with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce.  The cornbread was sweet but it just didn't fit into the dish at all and clashed with the roast pork and the egg.  It's texture was soft and made the entire entree mushy...  The roast pork too... completely uninspiring.  It came with grilled pineapple, which was pretty good as well as their house hash brown, which was a plated as a weird mound with slight crustiness on the outside and mainly mush inside.  The spices of it just didn't click with me.The Kaya burger though, is one of Kaya's saving graces (along with their happy hour).  I ordered it medium rare and it came topped with bacon, avacado, tomato, cheese, special sauce, and a sunny side up egg.  It comes with a side of chips, but you can substitute their side salad if you want.  Gourmet burgers are always interesting because the chef's choice in combination of toppings and the bun shows a representation of his/her cooking style.  As someone who views himself as a burger purist, I'm not too familiar with gourmet burgers in general, but the Kaya burger did impress me.I'd probably just stick munching on some appetizers with drinks during their weekday happy hour from 5-7 PM.
4	I figure Kaya is about as good as any place to start with my reviews!  My one friend visits every year for a Steelers game and she always makes it a point to go here for dinner.  Definitely good for me since I sometimes forget that it's there!I love the decor of this place...the caribbean theme with the colorful paintings and tiki heads hanging on the walls!  Unfortunately we didn't make dinner reservations and were forced to sit on the bongo-style stools with no seat back!  Liz the bartender completely made up for it - started off with their signature Kayapolitan which found its perfect spot between sweet and tart.  Then she made us her own secret cucumber concoction.  I didn't really believe the cucumber part of the drink until she actually pulled the cucumber out and sliced it up.  The drink was AMAZING...highly recommend it if she's there to make it!We started off with the Seared Sea Scallops, PEI Mussels and the Calamari.  There's no doubt that they were all great, but out of the 3, the Mussels were by far my favorite...portion was huge!  For dinner I ordered the Grilled Salmon Salad...I loved the spiced pecans, crumbled bleu and sliced apples.  The salmon was also grilled to perfectly.  Between the food and Liz as our kick-ass bartender this was a great way to start off our Saturday night!
4	salmon salad was good although i found it very strange that I got asked how I wanted my fish cooked.  I felt a bit nervous that it wasn't cooked all the way through but so far no food poisoning so i'm happy
4	I am going to start my review by saying that we went for a late lunch. Therefore, we had no crowds, and good prices.It's rare that you go to a restaurant and like not only everything on your plate, but on your dining guests' plates as well (yes, I snuck a taste of everybody's). I got the fish tacos, which were quite good. Also on the table was a burger served with sweet potato fries (delicious), and another sandwich choice. Everybody was happy, the atmosphere was fun, and conveniently located for some shopping on the strip. A great choice.
3	3.5 stars. I liked Kaya but can't say that I would run back. We went with a group for dinner and made a reservation. We started the meal with appetizers. Crackling tofu --yummy but pretty spicy and our mouths were burning. The ribs were deliciously sweet, and the Jamaican jerk wings were good. I had the veggie green curry with tiger shrimp. The actual curry was delicious, although I felt the vegetables were overcooked. The rice, however, was disappointingly crunchy! I did like the tuna, and my friends enjoyed the flank steak and the tacos. nothing was spectacular but it was good. and finally desserts were good. I loved the banana chocolate bread pudding and the chocolate pecan torte was super rich. I'm not a fan of the trend of putting cayenne pepper in sweets, such as the ice cream that came along with the torte. It's always such a surprise and just doesn't work for me. I avoided the ice cream for that reason, but my friends were surprised and didn't like it either.
5	Kaya, a really nice spot in the Strip District. One of my favorites to go to. They have a great selection of beer and super friendly staff. The appetizers are pretty tasty, too. Not your usual cheese sticks and tater skins. We had Jerk Chicken and something fishy that I didn't eat.
4	My friend and I were in town for a Pens game, and stumbled upon Kaya while exploring the Strip District. Every other brunch spot we saw was packed with a line going out the door. No thanks on the wait, we were starving!We were seated immediately, and brought drinks. The bloody marys were a little spicy, but the waiter had warned us (and thoughtfully gave us a glass of tomato juice to cut them). We ordered sweet potato fries as an appetizer, and they were honestly some of the best I've ever had. The chipotle mayo dip for the fries was really good too.We each had a benedict for our entree, I had the pulled pork one and my friend had the smoked salmon. I liked their take on the benedict, with corn bread as the base, and the slightly sweet/spicy hollandaise. Our benedicts came with grilled pineapple and potatoes. Overall, I was very happy with our experience at Kaya. The one ding I would give it is because the service was slow, but the food was great. If I'm ever back in Pittsburgh, I would visit this restaurant again.
5	Big Big Booorreets does it again.  I have been frequenting Kaya lately mainly because its next to one of the gyms I work out of.  Their beer selection is the best in the Strip, the food is good, and the people are super personable.  Top choices there: Kaya Burger-just like the burger at Marios, it makes my top five.  It's the epitome of a party in my mouth.  Angus beef, eggs, avocado, kaya special sauce?!  If I could make a Big Mac song for the Kaya Burger I would.  Next is Tropical Paella----WOWZAS! They let my friend and I dictate the spiciness, so much that it is considered experimental spiciness.  It's the heat that lingers but is also packed with flavor.  Very hard to obtain that balance.  Last is the Grilled Salmon salad.  This is my staple, especially when I'm trying to be reasonable with my eating.  The salmon is always cooked to perfection-medium.  Get it medium.  Seriously.  Pecans, sliced apples, and mancheeeeego cheese balance the meal out.  Oh wait..also try the conch chowdah.  I never had conch before, but in chowdah form its deleschable.  Conch's natural habitat should be in a spicy chowdah.  That would make the world better.  Did I mention the beer selection?
4	A group of 9 went to Kaya last Thursday for a birthday. It was surprisingly not that crowded, but we were seated comfortably inside.  I tasted a lot of the drinks/food but I'll try to keep it to a minimum.The service, first off, was awesome. Our waitress was awesome. Maybe it was because it was a slow night, but she voluntarily split our checks (never seen that happen with a party so large). +10 stars right there.Our first round of drinks took a decently long time to come, but making 9 drinks takes time, so I understand. I got a Mojito. I think it was one of the first made, cause it tasted watered down. Some people got Dark & Stormys which were quite good. I don't know what type of ginger beer they use, but it was ridiculously ginger-y (a good thing). I also had a Troegs Nectar Nut Ale which was quite strong but a good dinner beer.Now for the food. I should've listened to everyone and just ordered the fish tacos. Let me tell you now. If you visit Kaya for the first time, order the fish tacos; they are incredible. I, unfortunately, ordered the pork belly tacos. I'm a fan of pork and pork fat, but these were unbelievably fatty. It had to have been 70% fat and 30% meat. Some bites were pure fat, and it wasn't crispy bacon fat. It was gooey, gross (for me) fat. Luckily, someone couldn't finish all their fish tacos, so I traded for one of those (again, get the fish tacos). My GF got the veggie green curry which was surprisingly good. With the added shrimp, it would be an excellent meal for me (meat-a-tarian here). Three of us split the Mussels for an appetizer. I've only had mussels at Point Bruges, but I liked the Point Bruges mussels much more. The sauce at Kaya was great, but the texture of the mussels was not as good.No one ate dessert. I would've given it 5 stars have I ordered the fish tacos, but the pork belly tacos were very disappointing.
5	Kaya has now become one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh for happy hour--almost all of their excellent cocktails (and beers and wine) are half price from 5-7 M-F. A serious good deal.
4	We went on a Sunday night around 7 pm and sat at the bar. The service was prompt, friendly and knowledgeable. They have 18 beers on tap and a great variety of other drinks as well.  We started with the Yucatan Hot Bean Dip served with house made chips which was excellent, spicy but with a nice flavor u could actually taste. We had the Tropical Paella as an entree and it was delicious! The portions are big enough to share or take home for leftovers which were even better the next day! If your in Pittsburgh you need to add Kaya to your list of dining experiences.
5	yea.
5	We heard that this place can get pretty busy, so we made a reservation for a table outside.  There was only one group waiting for a table when we got there, so the reservation may not have been necessary.We were starving after a long day in the heat.  I wanted to try everything on their menu, but we narrowed out it down to 3 dishes between the 2 of us.  We shared the 3 salads (a spicy eggplant salad, a spiced chickpea hummus and quinoa served with grilled tortillas), the jamaican jerk wings (with cilantro cream sauce) and the fish tacos.  Of the 3 dishes, the wings were my favourite.  Not only were they gigantic, they were actually moist and the sauce was very tasty.  The salads were also delicious and I enjoyed the variety.  The fish tacos were a little bland, so the cilantro cream sauce from the wings dish came in handy.I also tried the Kaya Juice, which is a combination of mango, guava, cranberry and pineapple juices.  Great concoction!We ordered way too much food for the 2 of us.  We struggled to finish, but the waiter wouldn't let us give up.  Luckily, Kaya is located in the Strip district and we were able to go for a long stroll after dinner.
4	great food and atmosphere. i always have a good meal here and recently discovered they have brunch as well.
3	Well, we went back again, with a friend who hadn't been to Kaya in a few years.  We accidentally hit a happy hour we didn't know about, and had a half hour wait for a table; no problems.  The bartenders basically ignored us for fifteen minutes while we sat there - seated at the bar - and that kind of soured the tone.The portion sizes were opulent, and most of the food was excellent.  But one of the appetizers was just straight up burned; it'd be hard to respect the food you're serving *and* let that out of the kitchen.  A-OK, since it averaged between excellent and terrible.
5	Great little place. Had the curry green veggies which was great. HUGE portions. My gf had a burger and it was too big for a mouth to fit around but very good. Sweet potato fries were also top notch.
4	Fish tacos with a side salad so good you will slap your mama to get one.  Tasty food!  Great portion size.  Fresh seafood.  and the best app: Lentil and Corn Beignets.  Freaking Awesome.Also.  they have a monster burger with pretty much one of everything on it.  I havent had one but have never heard anything bad about it.Unique interior space.  nice location.  great mixed drinks and sangria.  usually at least a few decent beers.  check this place out.  good stuff.
5	Kaya has great food and a fun atmosphere. It has an active bar and a sort of celebratory vibe, which made it nice for a birthday dinner.It's vegetarian-friendly, and we've had some very interesting veggie and fish dishes in two visits. I particularly recommend the fish tacos--delicious and reasonably priced.Other favorites are halibut ceviche and gazpacho. All three dishes taste authentic--well, my version of that anyway. The tacos and ceviche would be right at home in CA. The fish tacos are really the star though. The spicy creme fraiche sauce on the tacos was so tasty that we went home and tried to imitate it. The taco is a fresh wheat tortilla, an avocado slice, lightly battered fish, cole slaw dressed with lime, and a pink spicy creme fraiche sauce. It all works perfectly together. The acidity of the cole slaw is just perfect. I can't rave about these tacos enough (and I really love tacos).I also really like the homemade sweet potato chips.They also have a good variety of wine, beer, and mixed drinks. The mojitos are very good.Portions are smallish, which I like. I was able to eat my appetizer and 2 of the 3 fish tacos. I really appreciate not having my plate loaded with rice and beans. More stuff I like, no stuff I don't.I suggest having reservations--we didn't the first time and we waited a while.They also have a once a month prix fixe vegetarian dinner that we are going to try. It's pricey ($35, with $20 or so extra for wine pairing), but it's really hard to get high quality vegetarian food in a restaurant so we are going to try it.Incidentally, we liked the fish tacos so much that we made our own version at home (also delicious, but not as perfect). It's rare that a restaurant inspires me to directly copy one of their dishes.
5	Great Food, Great Happy Hour, Great Sunday BrunchBest Fish Taco's in Pittsburgh hands down
4	Kaya was great for Sunday brunch and during happy hour (rated separate days).Chiliquiles and Chantralle/manchego cheese omelet were really good. Started off with Kaya chips and mango salsa with blood orange mimosas. Finished with a Belgian waffle coffee drink that tasted like a yummy alcoholic maple syrup drink. The service was outstanding. Friendly relaxed atmosphere.  Easy like a Sunday morning with Calypso and Raggae music playing in the background. Mexican and southwestern decor. Pretty cool place.   For happy hour --good beer and tequila selection. Fun atmosphere. Vegan and vegetarian friendly.Definitely will return!
4	I have been here a few times, and ordered different vegetarian options. I love the food. They do a great job of blending different flavors together to create a cohesive taste. The wait staff seems pretty nice, my waiter was able to get the kitchen to make me something that was normally on the Lunch menu for Brunch. I would defiantly recommend it.
4	Went for the monthly(Third wednesday of every month) seasonal vegetarian prix-fixe and it was wonderful. I can't give much more because I went a long time ago, but I will definitely return here in the future to update my review.
5	What a wonderful restaurant for daring vegetarians. Cheesecake made from squash, who would have thunk it. Awesome! Ate here 3 times during a 5 day visit to Pittsburgh. Nuff said.
4	I come to Pittsburgh on business pretty frequently, and a co-worker and I were bored after a long day of trainings and reports. So, we asked the driver for the shuttle at the Westin for recommendations and he brought us to Kaya.I was not dissapointed. Jamaican Jerk Chicken Wings are amazing. If I retire to a carribean Island and Jamaica has sports books that serve wings like this, it's a done deal. After that recommendation, I turned over my life to the waitress, who was hardly stunning but could've convinced me to propose based on her food recommendations. She guided us through a meal of Jerk wings, Tempura Avocado, some Tacos Al Pastor that we split and a couple different brews that are not sold on the west coast but were very good. I'd definitely go back, especially since this is the only entry that comes up for Carribean food in Pitt on Yelp.
1	Just, seriously -- don't come here. The food is so repulsive that I'm surprised they're still in business. I actually am having trouble revisiting the food we ordered there enough to just write this review. Also, despite what you hear, the cocktails suck. Don't waste your time.
4	This place is the best Carribean food I had in Pittsburgh. We had the Jamaican Jerk Wings and loved it!
5	This place was my first experience with pittsburgh food and I havent eaten anything so unique and delicious in town! Food is exquisite you cant go wrong with anything on this menu! LOOOOVE the drinks equally!!!My favs-Jerk wings with cilantro cream - Mussels - Kaya burger with sweet potato fries! yummmmmmmm!- fish tacos.Theyre just different in an awesome way!
5	My wife and I stumbled on Kaya when in town for a wedding.  The ambience was terrific and we got a table for 2 quickly.   The service was good, well decorated, and definitely a nice place for a date.   The barbacoa was amazing, you must try it out.   2 years later we are still talking about it!
5	Trust me when I say you need to go here! You need to go here for a couple different reasons. Number one: the food is Caribbean amazingness. Number two: the Happy Hour specials are a great deal, half off most all drinks, including beers, wines and mixed drinks. You really can't beat that! Number three: it's like you're on an island mon, so lots of funky art and furniture. The bar stools are little palm trees!They have a great selection of South American wines and beers. They change up the beers to offer tasty seasonal brews on tap, so you're able to try new things pretty often. The food is also incredible! My favorites are the fish taco's, which has this delicious slaw mixture inside. Also, the jerk chicken wings along with a cilantro dipping sauce is mouth watering. I love this sauce and always get a side of sweet potato fries to dip into the sauce! And the sweet potato fries! Oh.my.gawd! So good! So if you're in the Strip it's right off the beaten path on Smallman St. and 20th. It's worth it for lunch, dinner, happy hour and even brunch on Sundays. Go! Go! Go!
4	I get take-out here on occasion for the whole office at lunch time. Good reviews all around from my co-workers. They have a lot of great, unique sauces and dressings that won't bore you. Steer clear of the beignets - they're nothing like the real deal down in good 'ol New Orleans (they aren't supposed to be, though). I really like the tomato avacado sandwich and the jamaican wings. The side salad has some good garlicky sauce. One day...I went to pick up an order and the bartender was awesomely engaging. He could tell I was having a rough one because I looked REAL frazzled. And guess what he did! He gave me a little Jacky on tha house and cheered me right up! I tipped said bartender with a 2-dollar bill. Bet he's never gotten that before. Thanks Kaya, I'll be back soon. Sincerely, Dea
4	I went here to partake in their Fried Chicken Thursday. You get an entire half a chicken fried with old school pasta salad, a vinegary coleslaw and a stack of fresh tortilla straight from Reyna's Foods down the block.We started off with the Yucatan Bean Dip appetizer. If you've ever had the bean dip at Mad Mex you'll recognize it. It's beany, slightly salty and a little spicy. Very flavorful.I have to say, the chicken is a little steep at 15 dollars a plate but I thought it was amazing. The chicken was delicious and browned nicely and the ranch-style dip they give you is a really good with accompaniment. I love being able to pick apart the chicken and put it in the tortilla and make myself a little taco. I'm a huge fan of Mexican food so blending southern cuisine with the containment system of a Mexican tortilla is great.I hate coleslaw, especially mayo-based. If it is a vinegar based slaw I tend to like it a wee bit more. The coleslaw I had at Kaya was so good I ate all of it. It had little bits of pepper in it, a huge vinegary kick and a spiciness that I think came from ginger.The pasta salad was like what your grandma would make. The chef at Kaya really must like the sourness of vinegar, however, because it's really evident in this dish as well. Luckily, I love that in food. I could see a lot of people being overwhelmed by it.The only complaint was when my girlfriend ordered a Mojito. When it came I took a sip and thought it was pretty bad. It mostly tasted like alcohol and the ripped mint floating inside overwhelmed it to the point where you couldn't taste the mint anymore so much as the leafy flavor underneath. I did not care for it at all.I definitely want to check out what Kaya has on their actual menu. I'll be back.
3	Dined tonight at Kaya with 4 colleagues.  It was actually our 2nd attempt to eat here because the first time we did not make a reservation (big mistake).  This place is not very big and they draw huge business. Reservations are a must, even for 5:30pm on a Thursday.We arrived during happy hour where everything from the bar is half off.  The drink list is outstanding.  They have a huge offering of cocktails, wines, and diverse beers (I had a great India Brown Ale).  This isn't too surprising because the bar takes up almost half the space of the entire restaurant.We started off with the conch fritters and mango-tomatillo salsa which were both extremely flavorful.  Everyone at the table agree that the pulled pork quesadilla, the fish tacos, and the Kaya burger were excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive as well.  Prices were reasonable for what we had.Overall, Kaya is a great place for Caribbean fare.  Make sure you call for a reservation if you want a table (they're not on Opentable).  Compared to other Big Burrito restaurants, Kaya definitely appeals to a younger crowd. When we walked out it seemed like almost everyone in the place was under 25.  You may or may not view that as a good thing.
3	Underwhelmed.  Went here a little while back with a friend visiting from out of town.  Our overall impression?  Non-memorable food, and mildly tacky decor led to a "meh" type experience.We started with the chips and mango salsa.  This was pretty good; their chips are made in-house and were tasty.  My friend enjoyed the salsa more than I did, which could be because I didn't expect the mango-tomatillo to be quite so sweet.  Could definitely appreciate their fresh ingredients.Sangria was super-sour.  To mitigate this, our server suggested simple syrup, and brought some for us to mix in as we saw fit.  Take this as you may.  On to entrees:  Friend got the jerk pulled pork quesadilla which was soggy and over-stuffed with pork (i.e. the cheese-to-pork ratio was definitely off).  Although she consumed far less than half of it, she had no desire to pack the rest, and left it to soak in its own juices a bit further.I ordered the chicken breast with confit enchiladas.  While the chicken was good, it wasn't anything I'd make a special trip for again.  The confit enchiladas, however, were memorable - in a bad way.  They were over-cooked, tasting like re-microwaved taquitos.  Not even taquitos that were good to begin with, prior to the round 2 reheating.  Yikes.  The outer shell was also quite oily/greasy in appearance and in taste.  In essence, could have done without the enchiladas.The barstools with hanging faux leather palm tree leaves gave my friend the sense that were in a cheap Caribbean hotel's lobby.  Yikes again.Maybe a bit harsh, but Kaya, you just weren't my fav.
4	Some great tasting and original dishes, everything was at least good - if not great. Service was standard big burrito quality.Very, very fair prices and portions are generous. Tables are very close, and I do recommend reservations as the place get's quite busy.Definitely worth a visit - full write up on site.http://www.rodzillareviews.com/2011/03/kaya.html
4	Great crowd, great interactions with the staff, really great drinks, and really really great food. Kaya makes for a terrific night out. Possibly the best fish tacos in town.
2	I'll begin with a disclaimer.  This review is based solely on brunch.  Maybe we didn't order their best menu items, I don't know.  We did order the specialty drinks...which I expected to be special.  Not so much.  I expected more, better.Everything was bland.  The roasted pork, black beans, anaheim pepper and cotija cheese omelette should have had a nice kick and big flavor...nope.  Bland.  It took lots of hot sauce to pick it up.  The egg part of the omelette itself was overcooked and dry.  The hubby had the jerk wings which he said were "fine."  And our daughter had the huevos rancheros....again, nothing to write home about.  Very disappointed.  The "specialty" drinks were disappointing, too.  The bloody Mary was, what else, bland.  No kick, no spice, no zip.  This from the same group that has a great bloody at Mad Mex.  Kaya's bartender could use some lessons from the bartender at Mad Mex!  Also, the blood orange mimosa was disappointing, too.  Just didn't taste fresh.  Was it frozen blood orange juice or just ones that had been sitting around too long?  From the reviews I've read, dinner must be MUCH better than Sunday's brunch.  I sure hope so.  I LOVE Big Burrito!  I love Eleven and Mad Mex!  Maybe we were just there on an off Sunday.
4	Came for brunch - had the Soy Sausage Benedict and Crab Omelete. Both were really good, especially the benedict which was made with Corn Bread instead of an English Muffin. Was awesome!
5	Huge fan of Pittsburgh but always get suckered into eating at some trendy place like that famous sandwich shop around the corner.Words of advice:Eat at Kaya at least once.  It has a great ambiance to it. Nicely stocked bar, great serviceI ordered Jerk chicken wings.  Huge chicken wings with a cool dipping sauce on the side...great start to a huge meal.I washed down my wings with a Cuban sandwich.  Lots of taste to this thing.  Beats a sandwich with French fries on it any day.Reasonable prices, food seems fresh and its in a great area.
4	We had a night out without our little one and wanted to try a new place with unique food, so after checking out some reviews, we ended up choosing Kaya. We made reservations for 9pm on a Friday night, and the place still had a lot of diners. One other person noted how close the tables were, and we agree. We were only a foot or two from a couple on their 1st or 2nd date (and were totally amused by their conversations which you couldn't help but overhear due to our proximity), but it also helped to scope out what other people were ordering. All the food looked pretty good.We ordered the jerk wings and we would absolutely order those again. Very flavorful, hot & fresh, and juicy. The dipping sauce was a welcome change from ranch or blue cheese. For entrees, I had the seared tuna (I think the  most expensive item on the menu) with very flavorful lime-y black beans, another creamy green sauce, and what seemed to be fried plantains. He had the crispy fish tacos, and we both cleaned our plates.For dessert, we ordered the chocolate chip banana bread pudding, and it was pretty tasty. We have a hard time passing up bread pudding when it's on the menu, even when we're full!The drinks were interesting. I hadn't ever had a frozen mojito, and I tried their mango version. I don't think I'd get it again, but his rum ginger drink was good.We would definitely come back and try this again.
3	I decided to come here for my birthday dinner. It was highly accommodating and it they sat our party of 13 on time given the small space of the restaurant. I read that it's a Carribean style type of food and coming back from there for spring break last month I was afraid everything would be made out of conch and shellfish. Fortunately only half the menu consisted of that.We began with some calamari, a carafe of the lava lover (which in essence is just a large bay breeze), and some of us at the table spoke nicely of the kaya burger but I ordered the paella which came out in a nice large portion. It wasn't the best or worst paella I've had before. The service came and went and the place seemed to have trouble bringing everyone's meals out at a timely fashion. Albeit, we had a large party, the last few people shouldn't have to wait an added 15 minutes to get his food while everyone else was sitting there waiting for our dishes to get cold.I couldn't really tell what the draw of this place is, neither the food or drinks were very unique, even though it specializes in its own type of cuisine. If I had to rank the big burrito restaurants, Kaya comes in last.
4	Great food and drinks. Reasonable prices.Great place for lunch.
5	Just a quick review on Kaya. I met there with my book group (we had made a reservation in advance) and we were a group of about 12. Happy hour beer prices were great, and my waitress even stopped by to ask if I wanted another drink before happy hour was over.   I always love that!  The interior is beautiful as well.I ended up getting the Avocado and Tomato Torta, which was excellent. My only complaint about it (& others complained about this with their burgers) was that the thing was just too big to pick up and take a bite out of. Trying to cut it and eat it was kind of difficult too. They also had some really awesome sweet potato fries. Visiting the website I found this: "On the third Wednesday of each month, Kaya presents a seasonal vegetarian prix fixe dinner. The menus emphasize flavor and variety, presenting familiar foods in exciting ways, and making exotic foods delightfully accessible. Menu items are also available a la carte."Because of that, I took this from a 4 star to a 5 star review because as a vegetarian, this is hugely appealing to me and makes me want to go there again!
3	I stopped in for a bite after a wine tasting event. The place was packed for a Thursday night. I enjoyed the ambiance. The food was OK. I has the fried chicken Thursday special and the portion was huge. I felt it was very good. My date had the seviche. She was not impressed. Very small portion and lacked flavor.
5	I really love the jerk tofu tacos and the lentil and corn beignets.  I used to feel like this place was too expensive for me to go all the time, but I think the key is to go during happy hour when the draft beers are half-off.  And now I'm in here every week or two.
5	Have been to kaya several times. They consistently offer great service, but the food is the highlight of visiting kaya. The mussels are the best in the city. Everything I tried has been excellent.  They also offer a great happy hour from 5 to 7, half off of all drinks, which includes a nice selection of beers, wine, and top shelf liquors.
3	This place was excellent.  Went here on a trip to the Strip District.  The portions were huge and everything was great!  I order the Jerk Tofu Tacos and they had a really good kick to them.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an exotic lunch or dinner while in the Strip District.
5	Love this place! great food, awesome drink.
2	Update time!  Unfortunately, my previous rating was only updated, not upgraded.  A friend and I had intended to hit Bon Giorno for a quick bite before our Knife Skills class at In the Kitchen.  The sign on the Bon Giorno door said "Open for Dinner!"  The door was locked.  Hmmm.  We knocked, a guy came out and told us they're not open on Monday nights.  Hmmm....perhaps there should have been an asterisk with a notation to that effect?  I digress.Anyhoo....Kaya was our fallback dinner spot.  It was pretty empty, but then it was a Monday and it was only 4:30 so that wasn't a bad sign.  Or was it?  Our movie-star-handsome-waiter highly recommended the Jamaican green curry.  I LOVE curry!  It came with saffron rice.  I LOVE saffron rice!  They could make it with shrimp.  I...well, you get the picture.  Both my dining companion and I ordered the curry - how could we go wrong?  Fail.  It was acceptable.  Period.  No punch of heat, although I'd ordered it hot.  The veggies were cut oddly with huge chunks of carrots and tiny pieces of green beans and cauliflower among other veggies making for hard carrots and the rest of the veggies overcooked and soft.  So disappointing.  My dining partner tried hers, but didn't even eat it.  Not wanting to hurt the waiter's feelings, she had him pack it up and then tossed it in the trash outside.  I guess Fried Chicken Thursday is the night to go.  It sure wasn't Monday.  Hard to believe this is a Big Burrito restaurant.
4	My boyfriend and I went to Kaya on one of the first ridiculously, awfully hot days in June.  It was our three-year anniversary (of dating).  I would've loved to sit outside, but their tables weren't shaded and even in the early evening, it would've been too hot to sit along the sidewalk.  So inside we went.The decor was really cool, and comfortable.  The Caribbean vibe flows throughout the restaurant with the music, the lights, the shape of the chairs, the bar - like a classy tiki lounge?  You'll feel like you're on vacation.Our server was great - I can't remember his name, unfortunately, but he wore glasses and I think he had a ponytail.  He was friendly and casual, quick with a joke and a recommendation.  We started a carafe of Rum Runners - a carafe will get you three drinks for the price of two, so do it - and the drinks were delicious.  The Rum Runner has two kinds of rum, blackberry brandy, banana liqueur, orange juice, pineapple juice, and grenadine - it tasted and looked just as good as it sounds.  And we were still able to drive afterward.For the meal, we began with the Jamaican Jerk Wings with Cilantro Cream sauce, and they were fan-tas-tic.  Some of the best wings I've had anywhere, ever.  They are spicy, and the skin is crispy, and they were just luscious.  The cilantro cream sauce provided the perfect balance.  I'd order this again anytime.We then split the Tropical Paella - they split the entree onto two plates for us - and it was quite good as well.  Less stunning than the wings, less creative perhaps, but well executed, tasty, and satisfying nonetheless.  The seafood in the paella was well-cooked, and the taste of the pineapple was outstanding.We were still a tiny bit hungry, so we got calamari instead of dessert.  The calamari came with jicama, radicchio, coconut, and peanuts, in a sesame-banana vinaigrette.  The flavors were undeniably tropical, the calamari was crispy, and we picked at it long after we were full, just to get one more sweet, crunchy bite.There are some pricey options here, and some very moderately priced items.  They also have happy hour on weekdays, so I think you could easily eat here without breaking the bank.  I'd call this an easy 4 star review....edging toward 4 1/2....I bet they could break the 5 star barrier if we had one more great dinner here!
4	I really like this place!  Fresh ingredients and cool, unique dishes.  Adventurous eaters come hither!  But I must admit I have been there several times (at least 3) but most recent was about 4 months ago.  And unfortunately it is tough to recall exatly what was ordered.  I know I know...if I don't remember exactly it must not have been that good.  No!! Just tough to recall all the details!  I do know my date and I started with the Conch Fritters.  Quite good...fried yummies.  I had a salad with pomegranate, pepitas and greens and scallops (I think!!).  I really enjoyed them (honestly).  My date had the Halibut special which was wrapped in plantains.  He is not soo adventurous but he did enjoy his meal.  Great service too...owner/manager (?)/ hostess is very friendly and adds to the relaxed atmosphere.  Next time I am there I will be sure to Yelp sooner!
3	After Cirque du Soleil in the Strip, we wandered over to Kaya for some dinner and luckily we made it there before everyone else so the wait was only a couple of minutes. We sat outside and it was really nice on a warm day. Have to take advantage of them when we can here.I agree with everyone else that the drinks are awesome - I could drink Kaya's white sangria all day. But as for the food I thought the fish tacos were overpriced for what they were. I ordered them from the suggestion of the waiter who said they were a popular dish since I couldn't decide. I just remember eating them and thinking to myself that I've had better. I would go back to Kaya for some drinks but maybe pass on the food. The service was super though.
5	Found this place by using Yelp, of course, while wandering the streets of Pittsburgh. The BEST soft shell crab I've ever had! Loved the Caribbean theme, reminded me of the island that I love! Great atmosphere, food and staff!
5	I love Kaya. I have tried three quarters of the menu items and have enjoyed them all.  Great food, nice decor/feel inside, waits aren't horrible.  Pretty crowded after work Fridays for happy hour...but that is probably good if that is why you are there.
4	I'm not sure exactly what it was, but I kinda dug this place immediately. I could see it being a little different on a busy night, but i came for lunch on a weekday and it was very chill and friendly. The decor is cool as well, it's got caribbean flavor but not super kitchy or anything.     The bar has a great selection of beers on tap, and they also have some really great sounding cocktails.I'm not sure if they use sustainable seafood, but they're meats are all from good local farms, which I always appreciate from a restaurant.    I had the cuban sandwich, which starts out as really good and then jumps to amazing when you dip it in the accompanying chipotle aioli...yum!    Overall, right up my alley: comfortable, good food, good drink selection, and reasonably priced.  I would definitely go back to try more...
5	Great food. Social and upscale atmosphere. We were there for lunch, but I think this would be a great date restaurant.  On the lunch menu, the Jerk pork quesadillas were incredible and so were the tofu tacos... Neither of them were too spicy.  FYI: I was told "not too spicy" by family who hates all things spicy.  Attention parents: Since we were out of town, we brought our preschooler and thank goodness he was well behaved. This place is not for kids at all!  The waiter brought him water in a GLASS glass... fortunately we had no spills.  FYI: If you do need to bring a child here though good news: child dishes that are not on their menu are available. He got the cheese tortilla and loved it.  It came with a delicious peach salsa, that he didn't eat.  We had to "force" ourselves to eat it.  Overall, this is a great place and if I return to the city, I would definitely try to come back!
5	I've been to this restaurant multiple times. They serve really good food! All my coworkers loved this place as well.  I have tried the mussels, cuban sandwitch and jerked wings and they are super delicious! The drinks were great as well.
5	Wow! This place is fabulous. I was in Pittsburgh for a week and an old school friend recommended this spot. This was by far the best meal we experienced. Everything we had was so tasty, so many great flavors. Bland is definitely not in the vocabulary of this place. I had the Paella, my daughter had a Cuban sandwich, her friend had the Jerk pulled pork Quesadilla. Everything was so tasty. The pork was pretty spicy though, but so good we kept eating it. The Paella is highly recommended and could be shared for two. If I were to go to Pittsburgh again, this would be my first stop.
2	The service was excellent. The restaurant was not exactly quiet and appropriate for a romantic dinner. Most food was quite good.  Unfortunately for this vegetarian couple it was disconcerting to receive the Tofu Cracklins to find out that they're deep fried in the same oil as the fish dinners. Thus our tofu tasted like fish. We also thought that there was way too much dressing on the Field Greens.
2	The drinks and atmosphere: awesome! Those plantain chips: amazing! I love the vibe of this place and they had some of the best sangria I have ever tasted, but came short when it comes to food. If I had even a slightly better meal, I would have bumped the rating up, but unfortunately it wasn't good at all. I went for lunch with co-workers and ordered the Green Vegetable Curry. It was seasoned oddly, and the rice was super salty. The sauce was not really there, leaving dried, weird seasoned vegetables in a heap. I tried working around it but it was such a big pile of food, it was unappetizing. Maybe it's just this dish that's not up to par? Everyone else really loved their food! I also see another review about the curry dish... I am definitely coming back here, hopefully for a better experience!
4	Happy Hours rock in general, but I have to admit I was impressed by Kaya's HH...1/2 off drinks - AWESOME!!! A friend I went there last week and we got the black bean dip (delish) and then I ordered the Jamaican jerk wings which I really enjoy with their cilantro cream sauce which is delectable. She got the fish tacos which I had a bite out of and they were sooooo good! We also got the BBQ Tofu thingy and have to admit - NOT a huge fan. There was little flavor to them and they had a cinnamony taste which was weird. Maybe I was expecting the Tofu that they have at Mad Mex as an appetizer (I think it's Asian inspired) which is really really good. So although I wasn't blown away by all the food, the fact that we were getting 1/2 off drinks and 90% of the food was very tasty - I think I'll check this place out more often!
5	I came in on a Monday night around 7:30 with a group of 8. They were able to seat us right away outside by pushing together 2 tables. We all commented how we felt we were somewhere other than Pittsburgh as it was gorgeous outside and we were able to enjoy the weather. We just looked past the graffiti in the alleyway. I ended up splitting a carafe of Red Sangria with a friend which was good and nice to sip on. Although it only had apples in it but oh well. The table ordered 2 orders of the Jerk wings and I was able to try one. It was crispy and delicious and the Cilantro cream sauce was so so good. For entrees the table ordered Fish Tacos, Green Vegetable Curry, a Kaya Burger, and the Grilled Salmon salad. I had the tacos which were really good and with 3 tacos I was able to take one home for lunch. I tried the Green Vegetable Curry that was on the sweet side that I wasn't expecting but a nice dish. I loved the taste of the salmon salad, the dressing tasted delicious! I've tried to come here for happy hour before but it was too busy so I'd love to get in for 1/2 price drinks. I had a great time and can't wait to go back!
5	I came here on a Friday night with some friends. We had previous reservations, which had been made that week, so it appears as though it was relatively easy to get in if you plan ahead a little (as opposed to Salt of the Earth which was booked well over a week ahead).It's a long, narrow restaurant with seating outdoors. Everytime I've driven past Kaya in the summers, it's got lots of people sitting outside relaxing and eating.My friends enjoyed the variety of beers on tap as well as the sangria and mojitos (and nojitos since one was preggers). For the mains, I had the  seafood jambalaya was quite good. Good flavors, nicely melded together.When I started this review, I was going to give 4 stars but then I remembered that they took extra care to accommodate some friends who have various food allergies, including gluten. One friend called ahead about his allergies and the chef and waiter marked up a menu with which dishes that he could order. For that service, I'm bumping Kaya up to 5 stars.
4	great service and amazing fish tacos!!
4	In the past, I've had inconsistent service at Kaya. But in the past few months I was willing to try again and things have been really solid! We were able to get a table tonight despite not having reservations and the place being packed for happy hour, because they were kind enough to squeeze us in. The food, meanwhile, has always been great. The tomato torta this time of year is by far my favorite light dinner - generous slices of heirloom tomato with two big zucchini and goat cheese pancakes? Melt in your mouth summertime goodness.
5	I really like it here. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. The bean dip is always good, and the menu is constantly changing & seasonal.  They have one of the best happy hours in the city, and this place is a great place to bring a date, whether it's the first or the 50th.  They have a very good draft list as well.  The theme, as many have likely mentioned, is Caribbean.  That being one of my favorite cuisines, I really have nothing bad to say here.  They even have Carib beer!  It's brewed in Trinidad & Tobago...it's not necessarily special, but I've spend ~4 weeks in the country, and it brings back a ton of great memories.  If you haven't been here, you need to go.  It's location is not ideal in that it's in a relatively slow area of the strip, but this place is a real gem.
5	The fish tacos were probably the best we have ever eaten!  I am not a big fan of European style seating, but because we arrived early, we didn't have anyone at the tables next to us.  Our server, Chas was excellent.  He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and very willing to help us find the perfect beer to go with our meal.  Being residents of the Northwest, we are used to good microbreweries.
2	Oh Kaya.  Your drinks are good, the food looks ok, but the atmosphere just doesn't quite feel right.  We were there for Happy Hour and you could tell something wasn't quite right.  The place felt overstaffed and to a certain point you could cut the tension between the employees with a spoon.I had the Atwater Java Vanilla Porter and it was rather delicious, maybe if anything there was almost too much smoothness.  I then tried the Rum Runner which didn't really have all the flavors listed on the menu.  Their Dark & Stormy was the best drink out of the three.I plan on returning, I want to sit down at a table and try the food.  But for Happy Hour ... I'll check out a different locale.
4	Since Big Burrito was kind enough to send me a gift card in the mail for mah birthday, my boyfriend insisted that we go out to dinner for my birthday...again....yes, this was my third birthday dinner in the period of one week.  Hey, you only turn 27 once!I decided we should go on a Thursday, because that was Fried Chicken Night and I don't even need to say why that sounds insanely awesome.  I didn't even end up ordering the fried chicken, but I made my boyfriend get it so I could try it.  Birthday girl gets to make decision!  We didn't make reservations, just showed up around 7 pm or so.  They were pretty busy and we thought we'd have to wait awhile, but by the time we ordered drinks at the bar, our table was ready.We both ordered delicious cocktails - one was a grapefruit-basil margarita, and I forgot what the other one was.  That's what I get for being a bad Yelper and not posting for a few weeks.  Since it wasn't quite 7 pm yet, our drinks were half off, making any cocktail suddenly an amazing bargain.  Definitely a good reason to come to Kaya early!  Our server was friendly, and he recommend the barramundi in chile broth.  I sprung for it, since it was an expensive entree and I wanted to get my gift card's worth.  My boyfriend got the fried chicken, at my insistence.  Let me say that my barramundi was OUTSTANDING.  Way better than I expected.  Fresh, flavorful, and just marvelous all around.  Totally worth the money, but if you have a gift card then it's a don't-miss!  I was so happy that I didn't even really want to share my boyfriend's chicken, but I took a few bites.  It was incredibly crispy, which I loved, but honestly it wasn't as flavorful as I hoped.  More salt in the breading needed, perhaps?  Chicken was very juicy though - just didn't deliver a flavor punch.  It was served with a salsa of some sort, so perhaps that was meant to compensate, but I hoped for more kick.I wouldn't get the chicken again, but I'd go back in a heartbeat for that barramundi and another half-price cocktail!  mmmmmm.
5	The food is GREAT!  Especially brunch on Sundays.  Good service too.
5	Wow. Yum. One of the better meals I have had in the long time! I went here for dinner on a monday night and the place was still lively! I actually ran into some friends.  So apparently I really like Caribbean food which is a nice surprise! This isn't a huge stretch given I love zesty seafood. We started with the scallops.  The portion was small (only two) but the eggplant "salad" underneath was delish. I had the tuna which was the high point! Sometimes I can get overwhelmed with all of the sauces, rubs, creams but this dish did it right! Tuna, black beans, potato fitters... yum! Pros: lively ambiance, delicious food, interesting menu, strong dark n stormy's, attentive service. Cons: Might be become a bit pricey if you are drinking and eating. Overall: Will definately be back! I have heard great things about their happy hour!
1	Particularly bad food in a neighborhood that sells good food. Weird unseasoned fish tacos and bitter plaintain chips. Yuck. I would not return.
5	This place is awesome.  We came in a group of four, had reservations and were quickly seated.   We ordered four appetizers and four entrees.  Each and every dish was well made and was amazing.  My favorite was the jerk chicken, ribs, and the burger.Atmosphere is nice. It was mainly 20-30ish crowd here.  Overall, the food was good and I am definitely coming back.
5	Kaya is by far ONE of my favorite Big Burrito restaurant - if not THE favorite. If this is your first time in Pittsburgh, you're going to want to try and get here for sure. Their drink menu is WAY above average, and the food isn't like anything else around. I have been a vegetarian now for 2 years, but prior to that I LIVED for Kaya's fish tacos. Quite possibly the best in the city. Now that I'm all veggie, I go for their tofu tacos, which are one of their best veggie dishes. They also have a great avocado egg sandwich served with their amazing mixed green salad. Don't forget a side of sweet potato fries no matter WHAT you order - they are a must have.Definitely plan ahead with reservations, or risk it and end up drinking at the bar for 45 minutes while waiting. Either way it's a win-win!!
4	Had such a great experience for lunch came back for a dark and stormy and stayed for dinner.For lunch we started with conch frittersw- the sauce contained capers and was perfet with the perfectly cooked app. Share the Jamaican Green Curry Vegetables- added black tiger shirmp. the curry contained brussels sprouts, parsnip, peas, oyster and Hon Shimeji mushrooms, fall squash, pineapple and tomato. It was serve with saffron rice and was the perfect portion. Our server, Brenda was great -took time to explain the dishes we asked about sharing her honest opionion on her most and least favorites. I recommend the dark and stormy - black jamaican rum and ginger beer - very refreshing. Returned the next day for a dark and stormy and stayed for dinner - again a great server and a wonderful meal. No matter what you orer you will be satisfied. The place has a nice buzz about it - will return and would highly recommend it anyone visiting the strip looking for something different.
4	Kaya has a great menu that's different but extremely accessible. Veggie burger with avocado and a fried egg? Yes, please.As a starter our group split (and devoured) the mango salsa and spicy black bean dip (which was actually spicy!). Service was good for a party of eight and the food came faster than expected.We were having a mature, classy lunch, so we didn't do a lot of drinking, but they have a good cocktail and beer list which we did sample from..
4	We've been here two weeks in a row already for lunch and brunch and will definitely be coming back in the future. I'm not sure how authentically "Jamaican" the food is, but it's still pretty good food nonetheless. It's probably best to get reservations, because it fills up pretty fast on weekends, if you want to avoid waiting around. It's nice that they change their menu every so often, to keep things new. The brunch menu online hasn't been updated since April 2011, but after eating brunch there today, i think it's not too far from the real thing. For brunch today, hubby and I ordered the pulled pork benedict and the shimeji mushroom omlette. Hubby really likes the pulled pork ($13, i think) there. Too bad they don't sell it by itself. It was also pretty good in sandwich form last week when there were bananas mixed in. I know, it sounds weird, but the added sweetness really does work. Reminds me of a sweeter/mild curry flavor. Anyways, brunch options come with grilled pineapples and breakfast potatoes (referred to as hashbrowns, but they really are cubed bits of potatoes and onion and bell peppers). His pulled pork benedict came as two crisp cornbread rounds with pulled pork piled on top and two poached eggs with hollandaise sauce. We got the eggy-buttery sauce on the side, which was good, because it didn't need too much sauce. It was pretty flavorful on its own. My shimeji mushroom omlette ($9) turned out really well. Our waitress actually admitted that was her favorite. They used shimeji mushrooms (the little japanese brown ones that you buy in clumps) and some arugula (i think) and chevre cheese inside, then I requested the omlette to be made with egg whites. It was a good combination with the chevre cheese, and I was surprised that they were nice enough to change it to an egg-white omlette free of charge. I'm pretty used to being told it'll cost extra. Oh, it also came with grilled tortillas, which are clearly way better than plain 'ol tortillas. And the salsa verde drizzled on top is amazingly good! And the soy sausage patties were especially delicious. They didn't taste like soy at all. Kinda meaty, without being too heavy/oily. When they brought out the dessert menu, we saw the ice-cream/sorbet assortment for $6.50. We got to pick 3 flavors/scoops on tartlets (out of a choice of 5 or 6 options). We went with the chipotle, avocado, and coconut/chocolate. The coconut/chocolate is the best chocolate flavored ice cream we've ever tasted! It was a really rich and velvety dark dark dark chocolate ice cream. I assume it was made with coconut milk, because there was a very subtle coconut taste, but it's not as if there were flakes in there. The avocado was our 2nd favorite. The taste and texture reminded me of a lighter green tea ice cream. Lastly, there was the chipotle ice cream. It was good, but just good for a bite. The aftertaste gets a bit too spicy/overpowering and is hard to get rid of.                                             All in all, a great meal, and for a great price. Deee-licious!!
3	House salad = one of the best I ever had.Everything else was fine.
4	Jerk chicken wings are delicious, jerk chicken is seasoned to perfection and spicy. I was first introduced to Kaya's when I was in middle school, on a school field trip. The plan of the field trip was to introduce inner city youths to tropical/exotic cuisine. That field trip left a huge impression on me. I have now been dinning at Kaya's for over 11 years!  Crispy Fish Tacos are excellent and bright and flavorful.  A meal that picks you up and give you energy, instead of bogging you down.Kaya's keeps it genuine to the Caribbean isles. They do remove and add menu option frequently, one of my favorite menu items was the paelle. There is a lobster tail served right in with the sausage , chicken , muscles and clams.
4	Excellent happy hour! 1/2 price delicious cocktails. Highly recommend the basil-grapefruit marg.
5	What a great happy hour! My hubby and I grabbed drinks here the other night before our anniversary dinner at Eleven (which was also very good by the way).  Kaya's happy hour specials included half off most drinks. I got the caipirinha and grapefruit basil margarita and my husband got a frozen mango mojito and Kayapolitan. Wasn't a fan of the Kayapolitan, mainly because it tasted like juice. But our other drinks were delicious and strong (get Joe to make your drinks!). After two I was recommending the grapefruit margarita to everyone sitting around me, haha. We also munched on the Yucatan hot bean dip which had some good kick to it. Unfortunately, I don't think their food is part of the happy hour, so you're looking at around $10 bucks for an appetizer. But when all was said and done, our bill came to $35 and we got 5 drinks and the bean dip (with a double portion of chips), so I'd call that a deal! I hope to come back here soon and check out their dinner menu. In the meantime I'll definitely be back for more happy hour deliciousness.
5	At Kaya, it's more like a happy happy happy hour with strong tasty drinks and delicious munchies.I'm a big fan of the frozen mango mojito and the grapefruit basil margarita.  Soooo yummy.  During happy hour with 1/2 off drinks, it's a pretty awesome deal.Their spicy bean dip is also pretty delicious.  The first time I came to Kaya, the chips that came with the dip were a little too hard, but the second time I came back they had the kinks worked out and the chips were perfect.(Thanks Rachel C. for recommending this place!)
4	Not bad at all.  It was reccomended by someone from Caffe Mona's over by the Children's hospital.  I like the fact that they offer a small sandwich and two small sides for a really reasonable price. I liked the Conch Chowder and the slow roasted pork and banana sandwich was wonderful.  Apparently they're part of a chain of other restaurants that come highly reccomended.  It's a cool neighborhood, kind of like the Metapacking district a few years back or South Philadelphia around 9th st.  A little high end dining, some real ethnic food, and a little historic charm.  Well done.
5	The staff at Kaya was sweet and accommodating when we booked a last minute family brunch for 14 people on a Sunday afternoon.The cocktails were delicious (loved my Dark n' Stormy, Blood Orange Mimosa was splendid, and even the sip of Waffle-Martini I tried was yummy, if a bit sweet for my tastes.) I ordered the pork benedict (poached eggs + pulled pork + corn cakes? #duh), served with grilled pineapple, and enjoyed every bite. The benedicts were on the small size, but if you want a gut buster, go for any of the omelets, sandwiches, or the burger. Be sure to upgrade to the sweet potato fries served with a spicy special sauce. The brunch menu was extensive enough to please my meat-and-potatoes grandmother as well as my cousin's with more exotic palettes.Our waiter was congenial, gave informed answers about the menu, made great recommendations, and was a total cutie. (Hey boy ;) AND he didn't get mad when my talkative aunts lingered at the table for 40 minutes after the meal.All in all, everyone had a great time. I would love to return for dinner, or just a few drinks at the bar with friends.
5	Never anything less than a perfect meal at Kaya.  The menu changes, but the experience is always great.  The fish tacos and the green curry vegetables are fantastic menu staples - they are both so good that I have to struggle not to order the same thing every time I go to Kaya.On the current menu, the adobo flank steak is to die for so long as you like the spicy heat.Over the years, I have been to Kaya at least 30 times.  It remains #1 in my book.
5	Kaya in the strip district is about as solid as it gets for dining in Pittsburgh. This restaurant has excellent food, exceptionally friendly staff & waiters, and a good beer selection. The food is always top quality and the right temperature. I love this place.
5	We had their monthly prix fixe vegetarian dinner. It was spectacular. Every course was special. You had two choices for each and we went with both, splitting each one. Creative, tasty, well-prepared and seasoned. The roasted carrot risotto was about the best dish of its kind I'd ever had. The desserts were fantastic.The service was great. The price, at $39 each, was fine. The place is very loud, but that was the only drawback. This was one of the best dining experiences we'd ever had.
3	it was ok: i don't get the hype.  the drinks were good (basil grapefruit!) but our server had to be constantly reminded for basic items (silverware, i received my second drink 30 seconds ahead of our bill).  the food was good and/but i'm not sure why it has the ultra high reviews.  It was a good meal/good time but nothing spectacular....i'd go back if i was in the area.
5	Three words: Fried Chicken Thursdays.  I would go to Kaya any day of the week, as the entire menu is great, but it's the divinely battered and fried pieces of bird that appear every Thursday (and only on Thursdays) that are usually the reason for me travelling to the Strip.  The batter is perfectly seasoned and always crispy.  The meat is juicy and tender. Paired with Reyna's tortillas and the side and sauce of the week, the fried chicken never disappoints.  I'm also a huge fan of the conch fritters and the black bean dip.  While it is chicken that usually draws me to Kaya, vegetarians have plenty of excellent options.  This was my favorite place in the city when I was a vegetarian.The cocktails are also good and the bar is a great place to sit.  I've been a fan of every bartender I've ever had at Kaya.  Absolutely worth a visit for anyone with any palette.  If you go on Thursdays or a weekend, be sure to make a reservation.
4	We went to the vegetarian diner. It was a nice surprise! The scramble eggs with citrus hollandaise sauce and espargus were to die for!! Everything else was pleasant but defenitly limited to what preconception of vegetation food most people have... Want to try again!
5	I'm from the DC area- and my husband and I do brunch. A lot. This place was so fantastic, I actually created a yelp account just to leave a review (then got distracted and never left it). My husband and I were in town visiting his family and originally planned to go to Pamela's diner but there was a 45 minute wait. So we walked down the strip and stumbled upon this place. Boy am I glad we did. At first, I was apprehensive because there was only 1 other table with patrons but my group and I were starving so we just went with it. I ordered the crab omelet and I can't remember what everyone else ordered because I was too wrapped up in the orgasm that was on my plate. Seriously, it was that good. I would probably never pair a crab omelet with bacon and grilled pineapple on the side, but oh my word the combination was amazing. We had a larger party of 8 and our server was really attentive. I can't even believe how not busy it was on a Sunday morning. Pamela's had a 3-page wait list and this place was empty! Unbelievable. When we were headed out, I asked if I could speak with the manager to thank her for such a lovely experience and she was very gracious. I now can't wait to visit the area again, this place is an absolute must. One of the best brunches I've had, ever.
3	3.5 stars."Pittsburgh Magazine" listed Kaya as one of the top 25 restaurants of 2011, so I was really looking forward to our lunch there.  Maybe we visited on an off day, but overall, I thought the food was pretty bland.It was nice to sit outside and people-watch on the Strip, tho, and the White Sangria was excellent with fresh orange juice and bits of crisp green apple.  The service was top-notch, too.  When our first batch of Corn and Lentil Fritters came out with sticky, liquefied batter still in the middle, our server was most apologetic.  And the manager herself came over to apologize as well and let us know the appetizer would be removed from the bill.  Wonderful.  I would have been happier if the fritters had more zing, tho.  The green curry sauce that accompanied them was phenomenal and completely outshone them.Speaking of green curry sauce, I ended up dousing my Jerked Tofu Tacos with the remainder of it.  When I hear "jerk" I think of that puckery vinegar tang and that punch-you-in-the-mouth Scotch bonnet heat.  I think "FLAVOR."  Kaya's tacos were pretty tame and unremarkable.  And before you go all pooh-poohing and saying something about how tasteless tofu is, what did I expect? -- I've had some mighty flavorful tofu dishes in my time!  Husband had the Pulled Pork and Banana Sandwich, an interesting pairing which he seemed to enjoy.  However, the accompanying sweet potato fries were flaccid.  Don't you just hate a flaccid fry?With so many fabulous restaurants in Pittsburgh and so little time each visit, I don't feel tempted to return to Kaya.  Big ups for the great service, tho.
4	I ate here for brunch this past weekend with my girlfriend and her parents for Father's Day.  We had made reservations earlier in the week for when Kaya opened and I am glad that we did as the restaurant seemed to fill up quickly shortly after we arrived.We decided to start off our brunch by splitting the conch fritters.  There were seven conch balls that were served on top of a tropical tarter sauce that contained capers.  The conch was nice and crispy and paired well with the slightly salty tarter sauce.  For my entree I decided upon the slow roasted pork benedict.  After a long wait of about 70 minutes after being seated, it finally arrived.  Even though I generally do not like cornbread, I enjoyed the play on Eggs Benedict by using the cornbread as the English muffin and pork instead of the ham.  It tasted wonderful as well with the pork being tender and juicy while the lime hollandaise sauce had a good flavor to it.  The sides were good to as they made a sweet and savory mixture with the hash browns mixed in with pineapple chunks.  Several times during the wait for our entrees the waitress apologized to us and even took the step of notifying the manager that our food took a long time, without us saying a word about it. After the meal the manager came over to us and apologized herself and comped two of the meals, once again without us having said anything.  From that I would have to say that they have some pretty good customer service.The bottom line for me is that I have been here many times before and will be headed back again.  Kaya has both interesting and tasty dishes that you will not find anywhere else in the city and I was more than impressed with their customer service this past visit.
5	Try the Kaya burger. They know how to cook a rarer  burger. The happy hr was pretty good this was the first time we went for that and good selection on IPA's on tap. The bread pudding is really large. The Chips(lots of spices) are good but I like the Fry s
4	I have no idea why I never got around to reviewing Kaya seeing as it's been a staple in my Pittsburgh restaurant rotation since I moved here. In fact, it was the first "nice" meal I had in Pittsburgh, before I even made my official move...I celebrated my 21st birthday here! Although it's not one of my very very favorite spots in the 'burgh, the food is consistently good and the Carribean-inspired fare is something that I normally wouldn't gravitate toward, so it's nice when I want something a bit different than the standard "New American."I mostly come here for their brunch, and one of the big reasons is that it's served until 3pm! The only thing is, make sure you show up at least 15 minutes before that...the "brunch kitchen" closes at 3 o'clock sharp, unlike sister restaurant Casbah, which seats for brunch until 2pm but won't rush your ordering. Anyway...my favorite thing on the brunch menu is the roasted pork benedict with grilled pineapple. The Chilaquiles (basically, breakfast nachos) are also delicious, weird as they may sound. And the Kaya Burger is always a safe choice.The dinner menu changes, so I've never ordered the same thing twice here. But everything I have had has been great. One of my favorite apps is the corn and lentil beignets--if you like spicy, get them! They also have a pretty large and super fun (read: girly) cocktail menu, and since they are tropical in nature, it's totally okay to imbibe at any time of the day! That's how that works, right? Riiight...?They have a fried chicken night on Thursdays that a lot of people like. Kinda makes me wish I liked fried chicken so I could try it but I'm weird like that!
5	Order the sorrel tea. It is really good!
3	Honestly, I was not that impressed.  I came here hearing a ton of hype, so maybe my expectations were a bit too high.  For my meal I had the tofu tacos which frankly tasted somewhat bland, and not very substantial given the price.  I do find that the happy hour specials are a steal and worth while.  Perhaps I would have been better served trying another dish.  Either that or maybe this place is great for the non-vegetarians out there, but not so great for vegetarians.
5	Black bean dip!The cocktails! ( Cucumber / gin drink called the Cool Me Down, what a savior)Salmon Salad!Beignets!and Fish Tacos!Went on a friend of a friend's recommendation and have been back multiple times since. Kinda loud / crowded inside, so would be fun with a group.
5	Kaya has the best sweet potato fries, and their Cuban sandwich is amazing! By far one of my favorite restaurants downtown.
5	so i've been working for big burrito for about 9 months and just FINALLY made it to kaya. i loved it and everyone needs to try it.we arrived and sat outside (where you can see into the kitchen, which i must admit is kind of strange but i new the sous chef, so it was kind of cool for me). i ordered a guavatini which was pretty good. we got 2 apps: conch fritters (A-MAZING is all i can say about them) and chips and mango salsa. for my meal, i got the kaya burger. egg, avocado, secret sauce, how can you go wrong? my only complaint is that there should have been more kaya sauce on the burger, it was hard to taste it.our server was super nice, and the prices were about average (now granted, i get a discount here, so without it, it's kind of on the expensive side, but for the quality and quantity of food, that's to be expected). the menu is small, but offers a good mix of caribbean-style foods.
5	You mix the lime and the coconut, you shake it all up...Alright this is the wrong song but the food here was fantastic.   I had some folks in town and decided to adventure the Strip District.   I picked the wrong time (after 6pm).    I quickly accessed my Yelp 911 app on my phone and found Kaya a few steps away.We walked in and were met by the Hostess.  She explained the place was completely booked for the evening with reservations.   She did mention we could eat at the bar.   There were just enough spots for our group.I knew this was going to be a long night so I was wearling my big boy pants and was ready for some festivities.   I ordered our group some drinks and appetizers.   I am used to beer and wine flights.   Kaya offers Rum flights.    I boarded this pupply and went on the smokey flight while my friends went on the sweet and traditional flight.   We had a great pairing of appetizers (corn and lentil beignets, mango salsa, and calamari).The dinner  - I ordered the Flank Steak (recommended by the bartender).   It was marinated for 2 days!  The steak was very tender and the meal was awesome.Atmosphere:   Very trendy with lots of people.   Awesome atmospherePrice;  Price can run you for an entree anywhere from $15-25 on averageFood:  Great , wow, yummy ...I strongly recommend this place.  I hope you like it as much as I did.  (Please note that this owned by a restaurant group (Big Burrito) who own Eleven, Casbah, etc...)
4	Been here several times for happy hour with people from out of town. During that time the drinks are very reasonably priced, so that you'll end up pretty happy. They all tend to be tropical and interesting, not your usual cocktails. I can only recomend for this purpose, although i have heard that the food is not bad, either. Will have to test that!
4	Enjoyed a Tuesday evening dinner while our daughter and friends attended the J Biebs concert.   Tried the Crispy Calamari  which was terrific. Awesome taste combination with the apple, peanut, coconut and vinaigrette. We also had the Cuban sandwich  and  the Jamaican Green Curry Vegetables. I really enjoyed the Cuban sandwich but my wife was not a big fan of her veggie dish.   We were also there in time to partake in the drink happy hour which we were ALL fans of!  Great place and very friendly staff. Stop and check it out when you find yourself in the Strip!
2	I went to Kaya hoping to have a nice relaxed evening. The blue mussels were bland, the black bean dip was tasteless (until our efforts, see below), and the tofu cracklins were soft and soggy.Ah, but I must say that the waitstaff did their best. Unfortunately they can't make up for the failings of the kitchen.  After getting the tasteless black bean dip, we were determined to have something edible, as it was too late to head elsewhere. So we gave the waitress our requests, and she soon returned with chopped cilantro, chopped onion, salt, pepper, and chopped hot pepper. After mixing those in the appropriate amounts, we finally had something edible.... though I'm giving the restaurant no points for the work we did.... a shame too, because we've visited before and the food was quite enjoyable.
5	Ok I've been to Kaya a few times, my review comes about 40 minutes from leaving there. First off1.BEST MOJITOS IN TOWN.... its hard to find a bar in these parts familiar with the Mo, let alone that it should be served with fresh mint, muddled with simple syrup and the right kind of Rum. Kaya does not fail here. 2. Jerk chicken wings, pulled pork Quesadilla, and calamari are lovely, I am not overly familiar with this cuisine. But I feel like they hit the right mix of flavors here a little spice, a little peanut, sometimes coconut mixed in. Nothing overly done. I've also tried the Jerk tofu tacos, nice and still flavorful for the vegan or vegetarian. 3. Best Customer Service, so I ate there with a friend tonight, who can be picky. She first asked for the jerk tofu done as jerk chicken tacos, A dish not on their menu but they accommodated. The chicken in the tacos was blackened, as Jerk meat often is she did not care for it. She asked for the wings, they came back and she again felt they were burnt although she began eating them anyway, when the waitress asked how were they? I promptly ordered another drink thinking I was settling in for a long night. My friend replied she felt they were burn but i could see the meat was tender, and why would she eat one if they were burnt? Again the kitchen and wait staff accommodated and brought her a dish of her choice, she went with creme brulee. Then out of the blue the manager who had already once rushed to her unsatisfied side, said they would be picking up our tab. This was not necessary as we told them we were happy with the rest of the food we ordered and we would be back. We put our cash together for a tip for the waitress and thanked them again. I feel guilty for my free meal i completely enjoyed and would have paid for, Kaya I will be back and not just for your fabulous Mojitos and excellent customer service.
4	My husband's and my good friend had his birthday party here last weekend. I was so excited to finally try this restaurant that I've been wanting to try for at least a year or two!We arrived at 6pm on Friday night and made sure to have a couple drinks before the 5-7pm half off happy hour (Monday-Friday!) was over. I ordered both the Red Sangria and White Sangria, but sadly just got two Red Sangrias. I was tempted to complain but didn't feel like bothering. I enjoyed the drinks and thought it was a good deal for $4 each.We started with the Mushroom Saute. Wow! Delicioso! I could've eaten a huge bowl of this stuff. I absolutely love mushrooms and plantains, and the amazing, hearty sauce on this saute was to die for. Next, we split the Tropical Paella entree. The kitchen split our meal onto two different plates, which I thought was really nice. The portion size was enormous considering we both had a nice amount after splitting it in half. The paella was good, but personally, it had too much Caribbean spice for my taste. I definitely prefer a less spicy paella, like the dish you would get at nearby Mallorca in the South Side.After an amazing appetizer and good dinner, we ordered the Chocolate Bread Pudding and were blown away! It was the perfect dessert after a hearty, Caribbean-style meal. The bread pudding was a great, bread-like (not mushy) texture and had the perfect balance of chocolate and bread.I had a great time at Kaya and was not disappointed, even after waiting a couple years to finally try the restaurant. I look forward to going back very soon!
5	Fish tacos are awesome, flanks steak is awesome, Cuban sandwiches, well, let's just say I haven't had anything I didn't love here. The only thing is that sometimes a few dishes are too spicy for me. Nice atmosphere, friendly bartenders, definitely recommended.
5	The black bean dip and tropical paella are delicious. Definite must try. White sangria isn't anything special. Try another drink. Kaya is a unique and tasty restaurant with great food and ambiance.
5	I was really worried coming here for brunch. It was like seeing a friend after a very long time. You're pretty sure you're still going to like them, but something could go terribly wrong and you'll be disappointed at the hope of a long lasting relationship. Kaya is my go to joint for happy hour. Hands down they have thee best happy hour in the city. I mean, half off EVERYTHING! Even shots (okay, things get a little crazy when you enter that into the equation). And, of course, if you're drinking it up you also have to get some nourishment. Coming here so much, I've gone down the menu with my meals and not-a-one has let me down! All amazing... Big shout out to the Fish Tacos.I'd heard how good brunch was, but I really wanted it to live up to the normal Kaya standard. You can see why I'd be nervous. If they ruined something as sacred as brunch, what would be left? Maybe I'm being too dramatic, because you know I'd be back at that bar once it hit 5pm, but still... I was expecting a stellar meal. I'm happy to report, they delivered, and then some! There were a handful of items that stood out to me, but the Salmon Eggs Benedict was the true winner. I believe the key item being corn bread instead of a biscuit. LOVED. IT. Every bite. The cornbread made the dish, but the hollandaise was a close second (you can't mess with a good sauce!). Eggs were perfect and salmon was smokey. The side dishes held their own with juicy sweet sauteed pineapples and a spicy potato hash. I really wanted to lick my plate clean. They can do no wrong in my book. Come for brunch, stay for lunch and exit after dinner. You'll probably want to throw up after a full day spent eating and drinking at Kaya, but it will have been worth it, I swear!
4	Kaya always has good food and service.  I am particularly a fan of the black bean dip with sweet potato chips.  And I have recently learned that I REALLY like their burgers.  That last isn't something I'd expect at a Caribbean-style restaurant.  I highly recommend that you try one.The location is great although parking can sometimes be an issue, particularly on Friday or Saturday nights.  But even then it's not a big issues to park a little further away and walk.The ambiance is fun and is suitable for a couple as well as for a larger group.  Overall I give them a great recommendation.
3	I had really high expectations for this place after hearing so much about it, so that may be part of why I'm only giving it 3 stars, but I really didn't think it was that amazing.  I went with a group of 15 where we had a reservation a few weeks in advance for such a large group.  After we made our reservation, my understanding is that they later asked us to move the time up from our original 7pm to 7:45 pm since that was a less busy time for them, which I found kind of odd since they should give priority to who called first.  Since they close at 10pm and dinner with that large of a group can take while, around 9:40 they started bringing checks out even though some people's desserts hadn't arrived yet, which I also found to be unusual and kind of annoying when they did push our time up 45 min.  The service was just ok, but decent for such a large group.  When I sat down I had no drink menu (though did have a food menu) but there was one way on the other side of a very large table.  I asked the waiter for a drink menu and he said his hands were full but that there was already one on the table---ummm way down on the other end and people were using it.  He said he'd be back with one in a bit anyway, but when he came back he had no menu so I then had to eventually get it passed all the way down the table when he finally brings more.  They did have a very nice drink list, including an impressive draft selection that I was happy about.As for the food, it was a little pricier than I was expecting for Caribbean food so I expected it to be amazing (most entrees in the upper $20's, and appetizers also expensive--chips and salsa was like $7/8!!).  I ordered the bbq tofu cracklings for an appetizer which was tasty but way too huge, and I normally really like generous portions--it filled up a HUGE plate and was bigger than my entree so I could not even eat half of it.  I would have much rather preferred a smaller appetizer for half the price.  It was tasty but there was a bit too much bbq sauce on it and it really was just fried not so crispy tofu, not sure why they called it cracklins--I was expecting something much crispier.  For my entree I ordered the flank steak and the presentation was beautiful and the fried egg on top was a nice touch.  I asked for it cooked medium and it came out exactly as I requested.  However, although it tasted quite good and flavorful, the steak was quite chewy, which was disappointing for something that looked so lovely.  I was expecting a higher quality of meat for the price ~$26.The atmosphere and decor are very nice and the bar seems to be the centerpiece here although there's a decent amount of table seating.  I think I'd come back for their happy hour but I felt their dinner, while good, was not really a good value for the prices.
5	Kaya is one of the best rest. in Pittsburgh.  The food is consistently good, and the carrib. theme is no common for a city that consists mostly of fried food.  Great conch (and sometimes shrimp) chowder and its safe to say the place has the best Cuban sandwich in town.The lunch special ($12) is very reasonable and would highly recommend it.  If you are from out of town, this is one of the places to go.
4	Kaya is on my "Top 5" list in Pittsburgh for sure.  Anything I have ever had here has been wonderful.  My absolute favorite thing here is the fried tofu plate that they have on fried chicken nights now--it's hard to make something like tofu taste this amazing!  (And probably totally unhealthy as well).  I also like the kaya veggie burger, the black bean dip, any fish I've ever eaten here, and don't even get me started on the cocktail menu...it's SO hard to decide!  Even if you don't think you like Caribbean food or spicy things, give it a shot.  There's something for everyone and I will come back until I've tried everything, and probably more times after that!  It's wonderful!!
3	After seeing the ridiculous line at Primanti's we used Yelp to find this cute little Caribbean place. Although tiny inside, the atmosphere was very relaxing. The drink menu had a lot of interesting options on there. We started with the fried conch (excellent). I then had the paella, which was filled with chicken, chorus, mussels, scallops and lots of vegetables and pineapple. The paella was great and it was the perfect size for a lunch portion so that I didn't feel like it was going to waste. Travis L. had the jerked pulled pork quesadilla, which went really well with the spiced slaw on top. The service was excellent and the owner is an incredibly friendly women that makes an effort  to see that all of her patrons are pleased.
1	The food was not great. The wine also sucked. There are other better options available around. This is not the best food for the kind of price I paid. For the basic appetizer like chips and salsa, I found that the chips were burnt. Very average food.
4	My first trip to Kaya was out of sheer Monday night dinner desperation.  Having found that our first two restaurant choices were closed, my boyfriend and I headed aimlessly toward the Strip District.  We were both getting pretty hungry and frustrated at this point (our fault...should have used the mobile Yelp app to look up restaurant hours!).  We'd both heard good things about Kaya, so we decided to give it a shot.We arrived right in time for Happy Hour (5-7pm, Monday thru Friday).  I promptly ordered a pomegranate martini...good flavor, but I found it to be a little weak.  My boyfriend and I were able to grab two seats at the bar, so we decided to order our food there as opposed to waiting 30-45 mins for a table.  I went with the Jamaican Green Curry Vegetables, while my boyfriend ordered the Fish Tacos.  By this time, the Happy Hour crowd had begun to clear out, and our food arrived quickly.I really enjoyed my Jamaican green curry.  It had a much different flavor than the green curry I typically order at Thai restaurants, but was very tasty.  It was served with some fluffy saffron rice.  The bf loved his crispy fish tacos, which was great because the portion size was large.  I tried a bite myself and had a bit of food envy.  Next time!I found Kaya to be my favorite of the Big Burrito restaurants that I've been to.  I can't wait to go back and sample a few more items from the menu.  Although my boyfriend and I had been tired and frustrated when we first walked in the door, we found that our mood had been greatly improved by our overall experience here.  Thanks Kaya!
5	Leaving Yelp's Weeniefest at Franktuary a couple weeks ago, my wife and I slid over to Kaya in the Strip.Due to Valentine's day the previous week, there was still some overflow in the weekend --- it was Sunday Night, and the hostess told us she was booked.  We could eat at the bar, if there was room.......after the nice gentleman moved, there was just enough for the two of us.Kaya is on the small side, with a limited number of tables, and a long bar.  The bar seats a good 10-12 people, so my experience might not be so isolated.  They have (18) different beers on tap.The place is more modern and Caribbean in both flavor and decoration. Service was fine at the bar, if maybe a little cold.We had both Lentil & Corn Beignets in green curry and the chips with mango/tomatillo salsa.  The beignets were very good, although there was a strong floral content in the curry sauce.  The first thing that popped into my head was that it tasted like I was sucking on a glade plugin. While that was mostly just the first impression, I felt the need to post it.  It's strong.The mango tomatillo salsa and chips is a real winner, even at $7.We had both the fish tacos and paella.  The fish tacos were great...... and paella was fantastic!  It had chicken, shrimp, mussels, scallops, chorizo sausage, brown rice al la jambalaya, and finished with pineapple.  Great balance, the sweetness of the pineapple was nice against the rest of the savory ingredients.Overall great experience, and we'll definitely go back again soon!
5	The calamari was excellent, with toasted coconut and cole slaw with apple. The Tofu Tacos were very good, crispy tofu and three to an order. The helpings were large and the waiter was super nice.
4	With a cheerful and friendly ambiance, Kaya is a great place to try some jerk swordfish or conch fritters. The prices aren't too steep for the amount of food you get, but compared to some of the other Big Burrito restaurants, like Casbah, it lacks in flavor.
4	By far the best happy hour in Pittsburgh!  Drinks are 1/2 off!  The food is awesome. My favorites are the fish & tofu tacos, the bean dip, and the fried tofu on Thursday nights!
4	Kaya's food and ambiance are pretty spot-on. Good flavors, interesting concept (island fusion cuisine), and beautiful decor. They even fit my party of 4 in with no notice on a weekend evening (wow, right?) and the service was great.They didn't get that last star because I can't give them full credit - they said the food was "very spicy" when we got there, and it was barely a 1-2/10 on the spiciness scale. I understand that not everyone loves spice as much as I do, but you don't lead with that kind of promise and then disappoint. Oh well. I'll be back anyway, just will have to make sure to ask for extra spice. The black bean dip was great, the tofu cracklins were FAB, and the fish was all very very good. Prices were reasonable for the quality.
2	Im sorry to say that I did not have a great experience here.  I really wanted to like this place, I really did.  Perhaps it was what I ordered but all the plates around me looked amazing, mine well.... not so much.  I had fish tacos and asked them to be grilled instead of fried, perhaps that was the issue.  They were awful and the portion was paltry. I was NOT impressed and the cost was high for what I got.  However; I must say again that all the food around me looked really good.  I will try this place again and order something different and Re-Yelp.  Also the beautiful sunny day I was there, I sat outside and the service was horrible.  The tables were not cleaned off and I sat unnoticed for about 10 minutes.  With all the great reviews I am going to chalk my experience up to Kaya having a bad day or short staffed.  I am hoping my next visit garners 4 stars.
4	The sweet potato fries were awesome as was the rest of the food!
4	A little pricey for the quality of food I got, but over-all a positive experience. The dining area is a bit cramped, but the atmosphere is pleasant. Try the black bean dip!
5	Every time we have a reservation for Kaya, I'm super excited and every time I see a friend check in there on Yelp, I'm jealous. Guess you could say I really, really love Kaya. We've done brunch, dinners & even one of their special theme dinners over the years and I've got to put several of their dishes up there with some of the best food I've ever had: the jumbo lump crab omelette on a Mother's Day Brunch that had more crab than most lump crabmeat dinners & the crab and avocado appetizer served during their Creole themed dinner were standouts I will never forget, ever! Yeah, I really love crab and theirs was fresh and perfect! And silly as it may sound I had coconut grits as a side with a recent brunch that I can't stop thinking about. Who but Kaya could give you a side dish like that? Delightful standbys as starters include the Yucatan hot bean dip, the ridiculously delicious tofu cracklins (and I'm not even a tofu fan but those converted me) or the lentil and corn beignets.You can't go wrong ordering any of their lovingly and creatively prepared fish dishes, the fish or jerked tofu tacos or the Jamaican green curry vegetables with the black tiger shrimp. Lots of my family members love both the Kaya burger and the veggie Kaya burger. Personally there are too many other fun things on their menu for me to consider a burger.Their Happy Hour half priced drink menu is also delightful! The grapefruit basil margarita calls my name regularly!Service is typically a standout and on the rare occasion (1time) that it wasn't, their manager made sure we felt the Kaya love even more in the way she treated us. Phenomenal!!!!
4	We were in town from Jamaica and decided to try Kaya. Music had a reggae flava with wonderful ambiance and scenery! Sampled 3 apps and the fish tacos entree. The salmon-crab cakes were fresh and delish along with the 3 green salad. The calamari was just ok as the ringlets were small and didn't taste the freshest.The fish tacos (talapia) were served with soft tortillas and asked for my fish grilled and was filling and tasty.Service was great, mildy pricy but rewarding. The only negative was the red sangria which wantde to be a real tasty drink but tasted more like enhanced kool-aid! :')Overall a positive experience and will be back.
5	Every month a large group of friends (10-14) of us get together for dinner at a Restaurant unique to Pittsburgh.  It's often times a slow and long dinner process because there are so many of us, but the service was great at Kaya, and I didn't notice that it took much longer for our large group to eat, than many of the smaller groups there.  We all started off with drinks, and all of the cocktails I tasted were delicious and high end (causing the prices to be high).  Their Dark and Stormy was amazing, and something totally unique.  The food was also amazing, I had the jerked pork quesadillas, and not only were they delicious, but they were huge!  Often times, when you order quesadillas at a restaurant, you have to get an appetizer to supplement your meal, but this was definitely not the case at Kaya.  On a side note, their chips are heavenly, and while probably not the healthiest, they really didn't seem all that greasy and gross.  We were all too full to get dessert, but I would love to go back and try some sometime.  The majority of the meals were under $20, and even the more expensive meat options were under $30, so I would say a good price for the quality of food you're eating.  I would definitely recommend Kaya to anybody
5	Sooo that was a pretty fantastic sandwich...Let me explain the pork and banana sandwich for you from bun to bun:Slice: fluffy baguettered onioncilantro mayolimeslow cooked pulled porksliced plantainsSlice: fluffy baguette**if you're one who enjoys the dynamic duo of savory and sweet - this dandy is for you!According to our Pittsburgh hostess with the mostess, Rachel C, we HAD to order the sweet potato fries as they were some of the best in the city - and, she added, that they paired nicely with an order of the cilantro mayo. True and true! From the sidewalk looking in this place is extremely unsuspecting - I didn't even realize there was anything there until she swung the door open. Inside sits a Caribbean oasis tucked away in the heart of the Strip District. Warm lighting with a long bar that boasts tiki-style bar chairs and colorful walls. By ordering the "Todo en Uno" portion size I was able to have a smaller version of the sandwich with a side. Rachel informed our crew that Kaya is a great spot for Happy Hours and that in her downtown working days she was a regular;) Next time, Rachel, - you + me + Kaya.
5	I love Kaya. Absolutley love it! It's always on the list for options when we consider going out to dinner or brunch. It's that good.  Been going here for years and have pretty much had everything on the menu and there is NOTHING I wouldn't order again! That good. Service is always superb (well, we had one visit when it was subpar but Monika the General Manager showed how much customer service means to them and took care of things for us! She's amazing!). Starters for us always include the spicy bean dip or the lentil and corn beignets. Amazing. The greeny curry sauce for the beignets is the perfect complement to a superb dish! The conch fritters are not something you see elsewhere in the Burgh and worth a try! Entrees are spectacular and range from  crispy fish tacos with cabbage slaw (Highly recommended!) to jerk pulled pork quesadillas with that yummy jerked flavor, to specials like barramundi (which might have been the best fish dish I've had in years!) and skirt steak so tender it melts in your mouth.And with all the burger talk in the city, don't sell Kaya short in that category! Oh no! The Kaya burger may be the best burger offering out there!! The juicy, perfectly cooked burger topped with fresh avocado, fried egg, Kaya sauce and whatever mystical ingredients they supplement it with is enough to make me dream of burgers! I've even ordered it for brunch! Yeah, I know - so good. The salmon eggs benedict for brunch is killer. KILLER! And let's talk about alcohol, shall we? Happy hour cocktails and beer are half off. Cocktails are imaginative and super tasty. And the draft beer selection is among the best around! Huge selection of craft beers that rotate frequently. May be in the top two happy hours I've ever been too. Love the atmosphere, the food, and the beer. I will keep coming back. And with a freee entree on my birthdays, here's hoping I'll be there for a long, long time!!
3	The other Big Burrito restaurants are some of the pricier restaurants in town and I usually don't mind paying the extra money because the food is well worth it. Kaya has a lower price range but I still don't think the food is worth the amount they charge here. I had the conch chowder, which was fantastic, and the crispy fish tacos. The tacos were huge - I will give them that - but they were mostly packed with cabbage and impossible to eat without making a mess. I am a very experienced taco-eater and know some taco-eating tricks, but I tried just about everything including using silverware, and was quite unsuccessful. I was also bummed that they took the coconut milk cocktail off the menu - that was my favorite summertime cocktail in all of Pittsburgh. Oh well!
3	I stopped by Kaya in my search for an amazing burger in Pittsburgh (spoiler: Winghart's won by a mile).  The Kaya burger looked unique and delicious, so I set out across town to try one.Maybe it was the beef (which did arrive cooked perfectly), or maybe it was just that the kaya sauce just didn't jive with the fried egg, pickles, and avocado.  Whatever it was, while I enjoyed the burger (great bun, and delicious fries), it didn't WOW me like I had hoped it would.The interior is super cute, and the service was good though the kitchen was slow.  That gave me more time to drink, which is always fine, though Kaya's bar was a little on the light side for worthwhile beers.3.5 stars, rounded down, but I will without question be stopping by Kaya next time I'm through Pittsburgh to try some of their other menu items.  I expect great things.
4	3.5, rounded up to 4 because CORN AND LENTIL BEIGNETS.The main entrees didn't really impress us (Mahi mahi sandwich was a bit too dry for me, quesadillas were ok; disclaimer that we're from California?), but the corn and lentil beignets definitely did. I'm a big fan of cilantro, & that was pretty strong in the green curry sauce. I could rave (and eat) all day. Friend & I joked about making a list about reasons to come back to visit Pittsburgh. Bottom line: beignets make the list.
3	Kaya has one of the very best happy hours in town, and the space inside is nice.  Pros:Good happy hourI will knife fight you for the last glob of the bean dip, it is THAT good.Cons:The service is iffy and the staff can be rude.  Dont try going there without a reservaton and expect to be seated at a table without the hostess letting you know she is BOTHEREDThe food is just ok.  It is not great.  In my opinion, this is the weakest of the Big Burrito's restaurants.  I ordered Paella the last time I was there and it was so pungently fishy it was inedible and I had to send it backIf you dine here, stick to the appetizers and enjoy some good cocktails.  I'll go here again, but this is not my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	Such great vegetarian offerings!  Love this place!
5	I had the best meal of my life at Kaya.The Jamaican Green Curry Vegetables, on my first visit, was the single best dish of my life.  The balance of flavors was just perfect and I loved every bite.The corn and lentil beignet is not to be missed and was also loved the KFT, which as embarrassingly large bowl of fried tofu.We go to Kaya whenever we are in town.
1	Was asked to review this for fiancee.   She went there with friends for drinks on a this evening (Sunday) and waited about 20 minutes to be served at bar (bar was not busy) before finally giving up.  Was walking out of place and made a mention of this to the doorman who said thanks, have a nice day, and f*** off.  Nice manners
4	Ah, one of my favorite sandwich combos in the burgh...Pork and banana sandwich, with conch chowder and sweet potato fries.  The combination of savory and sweet in all three make for one of those addictive meals that you inhale before you even have a change to realize what happened.  The fiancee and I also periodically venture down for the standard Big Burrito brunch fare, which my eggs benedict didn't disappoint.Great bar and a decent draft selection that's worth checking out every once in awhile.
4	Love the fish tacos here. They give you 3 tacos in a corn tortilla filled with crispy fish and cabbage slaw, avocado, and cilantro. The tortillas are apparently Reyna's tortillas which is the taco stand down the street which means they're freshly made corn tortillas. The tacos are a bit on the pricey end for the size of the tacos. $17 for three fish tacos.The burger is probably worth more the price of $12. It's topped with all my favorite condiments: pickles, sunnyside up egg, avocado, tomato, and bacon. Also comes with Kaya chips which seems to be a mixture of potato chips and plantain chips.My only complaint is the way they handle seating and reservations. It's pretty hard to come here without a reservation. Even if the restaurant is empty you might not be able to get in without a reservation.They did accommodate us this one time when we had an extra person than what we originally said when we made a reservation. They seated us at a larger table but told us we had to finish within an hour or so. That was enough time and it was nice of them to allow us to switch tables rather than turn us away.
5	Kaya is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  This is one of my go-to places to take friends, relatives, and co-workers when they are in town and I have never heard of anyone having a bad meal or cocktail.  The atmosphere makes you forget you are in Pittsburgh and has an awesome Caribbean feel.  The fish tacos are pretty spectacular and are typically my order when I am there; The Don cocktail is also a favorite.  I would also recommend getting the tofu cracklins as an appetizer - I am not a tofu lover, but these are incredible.  You also cannot go wrong with the Kaya burger, conch fritters, or the chicken entree.  The pulled pork quesadilla is pretty spicy, so if you don't like a lot of heat in your food, I would recommend against that.  But overall, you won't be disappointed at Kaya - it's one of the best, and their homemade sorbets/ice creams are a delicious way to end the meal.
2	Planned on lunch there after reading the great reviews.  We started with the black bean dip.  When I noticed it was microwaved, we quickly paid our tab and went elsewhere to eat.  This is a neat little place with a cool Jamaican atmosphere, but the really have to lose the microwave.  I can make microwave dinners at home.
3	The food is all spicy, not what I typically enjoy.
4	On my epic voyage to Pittsburgh we had had friends take us via car (fancy) to a little district called the Strip. It's a unique, thriving little area that has definitely developed over the past few years. My sister says it was a completely different place ten years ago. You'll see vendors with fresh produce, breads, meats, cheeses, flowers, etc. Free samples from restaurants. Antiquing galore. I was digging it. Then we stopped in this restaurant to regroup everyone together for a drink and lunch. I wasn't particularly starving so opted to split a dish with my sister. It was a vegetable Paella and it was most def. pretty delicious. There were chunks of fresh zucchini, pineapple, peas, carrots and melded well together. If I were more hungry I would have totally got this SUPER DELICIOUS looking slow cooked pork sandwich with banana! The guy across from me was eating it and he looked like he was creaming his pants over it. He said the banana and pork just melted together. A few people got the non-vegetarian paella, which looked better but more filling: chorizo, chicken, mussels, shrimp, scallops. A full freaking meal. They enjoyed it. Someone else had fish tacos and they looked supreme. Drinks were pretty tasty too. I had a fancy mango mai tai. Only complaint is really the price for their cocktails is a little up there. $10 for a drink that was exceptionally fruity and not very strong is very New York. I was hoping for something very Pittsburgh. Second complaint is that the bathroom was a little way too dark. I almost couldn't find the toilet paper after coming in from the glaring sun to a low red lit bathroom. But that's not a biggie. This is a solid restaurant.
3	I hear from friends all the time about how amazing Kaya is. It's difficult to get specifics out them or have them put it into words though. There's just something about the place as a whole that they are infatuated with. This could speak well for Kaya. Maybe they have the whole package??? My numerous experiences there over the years haven't impressed me the same. It is a fun spot to go to. There's something about saying you're going to Kaya that sparks up a little excitement in you. I'm not sure what that comes from. The food I think is way over priced. I've had their fish tacos, some kind of pork they swear by, and a quesadilla. Everything was good each time I've been there, but nothing to write home about. The interior is unique and a cool spot to hang out with friends for appetizers and some drinks. Maybe that's the source of the Kaya-love?
5	Wow, what a great restaurant.  I live in Manhattan, so naturally I never thought I'd be raving about a restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Veg paella was out of this world. Only $10, which wouldn't cover the tip on an equivalent meal in NYC.  Outstanding service (but I came at an off hour). Indoor and outdoor seating were equally popular.  Large selection of vegetarian entrees.  No complaints.
4	One of several hip restaurants, in this hip part of Pittsburgh. The menu is somewhat exotic, and everything ordered was delicious. The ambience is cool/trendy, and the wait staff was very professional. Definitely worth a look if you're ever in Pittsburgh.
4	I really liked this place. My husband and I went there on New Year's Eve, so it was a little crazy for that reason. The food was great though and pretty unique. The only problem I had was that the server hassled me about using a coupon that was completely valid, but her manager eventually signed off on it. I would definitely go back (preferably not on a holiday). The Big Burrito restaurant group always seems to be a safe bet, and this place exceeded my expectations.
4	I love coming to Kaya, but it has never been quite as good as the first time.We went yesterday and they appear to either have a new chef since we were here last summer or whoever does lunch does things a big differently.The corn and lentil beignets looked mostly like battled fritters of whole corn kernels which is not how I remember them.I ordered two entrees because I was worried by favorite dish might disappoint and I wanted to try something new and not reget it. So, to hedge my bets, I got both my favorite Jamaican Green Curry and a new item, Seasonal Vegetable Paella. Both were good, but the JGC is better. I wasn't wowed like I was the first time, but it was still very good.
2	I have long heard about this place and when the opportunity to go there presented itself I was eager to go.First impression of the restaurant was the host (or manager even) who hurriedly told us it would be an hour and half wait for a table inside since we didn't have a reservation...  I was confused though because as I looked around the dining room it looked to be only about 40% occupied.We opted to be seated outside and our table was basically on top of Smallman St ...The menu looked exciting and we ordered sangria, so things looked on the up and up. But... when we started eating all of our food was sort of just "alright" and very one note.Don't know if I'll go back.
3	I would give them four stars for their happy hour and three stars for their food.  Happy hour is half off all drinks from 5-7 in either the bar or sit down.  The bar was pretty busy at 6 on a Wednesday so I believe this place gets crowded on a weekend.  We had the Mango Mai Tai, Caipirinha, Rum Swizzle Punch, and Mojito and the Punch and Mojito were our faves.As for dinner - we started with the Crispy Calamari that had this wonderful pineapple-chili glaze.  Not too spicy and not too sweet.  It was really a wonderful combination of flavors.  I then had the Tropical Paella and my husband had the Wild Alaskan Halibut.  Both were decent dishes, but nothing to write home about.Kaya was a place I would go back to for drinks and appetizers (during happy hour), but I would skip the dinner.
4	I visit Pittsburgh a couple times a year and try different restaurants each time.  Kaya is definitely on the list of the best meals I've had in Pittsburgh! Loved the Carribean theme, its something we don't have in Philly.We started with some of the house tropical cocktails and an order of the Jamaican jerk  wings, which were possibly the best wings I have ever had. The wings were large, juicy and spicy and the cilantro sauce tasted so good with them.   There are plenty of wings on the plate and more than enough for 2 to share.The salads were also terrific, we had the grilled peach salad with herbs, blueberries and spicy peppers, I loved this combination. The heirloom tomato salad was also amazing.For entrees, we had the crispy whole porgie which a whole porgie with a crispy fried coating and inside the meat was tender and delicious. Worth having to deal with the bones etc.  The Jamaica Green curry vegetables was good and spicy, I had it with shrimp but you can also get it as a vegetarian entree.Service and atmosphere, great. Overall, a fun casual place to eat with well prepared, interesting food. Would return!
4	My friends and I are Mad Mex regulars and I've been meaning to check out another restaurant in the Big Burrito family, so I was glad when an opportunity to have lunch at Kaya presented itself a few days ago. Overall I had a great experience and I'm already looking forward to returning.The space itself is small but comfortable. Even at lunch time it was pretty dark and cozy. We waited only a few minutes before being seated, and everyone we interacted with was friendly. Our waitress was also knowledgable and answered all of our questions. I had the Crispy Fish Tacos. For only $12, it came with two large soft-shell tacos that were packed with cabbage slaw, avocado, flaky fish, and a slightly spicy cream sauce. This was, believe it or not, my first fish taco experience and I absolutely loved them! There was also a pre-dressed side salad; I need to find out what the dressing was because it was delicious. There were so many other options on the menu that sounded good. I'm looking forward to returning to try out the dinner menu and maybe also happy hour.
4	Checked this place out on a Sunday night with a friend from college, and a co-resident.  Food (8.0/10) = started off with the Jamaican jerk chicken wing appetizers.  When I go back to kaya, this is all I'm going to order.  Absolutely loved it.  The cilantro cream sauce is the best.  I was scraping the plate with the edge of my knife trying to get every ounce of that sauce.  If I wasn't dining with my friends, I would've licked the plate clean like a dog.  Also ordered the fish tacos since it was the most mentioned item on yelp.  The fish itself was nicely done.  Tilapia.  Crispy.  Moist.  Soft.  The only thing weird about the flavor profile was the thousand island dressing in the taco.   It wasn't bad...just felt out of place?  The quantity was a bit overboard as well.  3 big tacos on a platter for $17.  Two tacos would've been just perfect.  This seems to be a recurring formula for restaurant success in Pittsburgh = large quantities of food per order (other examples:  Pamela's, Church Brew).  Ambiance (7.0/10) = we sat outside.  Strip district is really dead at night.  First time I visited the strip at night.  The surroundings felt like a post-apocalyptic movie, such as I am Legend with Will Smith.Service (7.5/10) = felt a little awkward whenever our waitress interacted with us.  Not sure what it was.  She was still nice though.  Overall opinion = fish tacos (most mentioned item on Yelp) is done well by the folks at Kaya, but that thousand island dressing...it bothers me.  If you haven't had it, I'd still try it out.  The real winner, the gold medalist, the award winning dish of Kaya has to be the Jamaican Jerk Chicken wings.  The skin is crispy.  The wings are juicy.  And that amazing cilantro cream sauce!  The folks at Kaya should consider opening up a small wings shop in Oakland, just selling this one dish and beer.  The college kids would eat this up.
5	I was in Pittsburgh for the weekend, and me and my wife were looking for a good place to grab a late lunch in the strip district.  A few places we tried to go to were closed (which I thought was odd for a Sunday when both the Pirates and Steelers had home games), so we ended up going to Kaya based on the good reviews onlined.We got there at around 3:00, and I was upset when I found out that I couldn't order some of the dishes I saw on the online menu, because they don't start serving dinner until 4:00.  So I ended up "settling" for the Cuban sandwich.  It turned out to be one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life.  My wife had a chorizo and eggs breakfast dish that she loved also.So the food was amazing, the place has nice decor, good music at an appropriate (not too loud volume), and the Pirates game on the TV.  Next time in Pittsburgh I'd like to go back and try some of the things I didn't get the chance to order off of the dinner menu.Oh, and the food was very reasonably priced.  $10 for an amazing sandwich, waffle fries and some pickles!
3	A group of six of us went on a Thursday afternoon around 2pm for a quick lunch.  The food was great- lots of interesting menu items at great price points for a nice lunch, BUT (and it's a big but) the service was very poor.  Keep in mind there were about 3 other tables of 2-4 seated while we were there... It took about 15 minutes to get our waters filled and another 10 to have our actual waitress approach the table.  Our food arrived and was great.  I got the pulled pork with bananas and the chipotle tomato soup.  Everyone in our group loved their food.  But again, when we waited for the check, it took a good 20 minutes after we were finished for it to come, and another 10 to get our bills back to sign.  If I was to rate the restaurant on food alone I would give it a 4 star rating, but over an hour and a half for sandwiches when the place was empty?  That's ridiculous.  I would hate to see what the service is like when the place is full!  Final verdict:  It is a great place to go if you have no plans afterwards or have anywhere that you need to be.  Great food, bad service.
3	Have been to Kaya before but honestly it's been a couple of years. We started the night with some salsa and chips and the corn and lentil beignets. The beignets stole the show. Excellent flavor. Hot, crisp on the outside, soft and tasty on the inside. For dinner we split the Jamacian Green Curry veggies with shrimp. The curry was pretty tasteless and the veggies were mostly potatoes. 4 small size shrimp were hardly worth the up charge. In addition, we split the tuna tartar for dinner. It was very flavorful. Pure clean tuna. No fillers to stretch it out. It was topped with an avocado. Very tasty. Best value of the night. The one thing that blew us away were the drinks. We ordered a drink, who's name escapes me but is was a whiskey drink and we asked for it to be made with our favorite spirit instead of well whiskey. It was tasty. HOWEVER, at the end of the night, when we got our bill, we noticed that they charged us for the original price plus a full up charge for the premium spirit/ not the difference between the two. $21 for a small drink in Pittsburgh. You have got to be kidding me. It's Pittsburgh, NOT NYC. Get it together.
4	Awesome happy hour! Interesting veggie food options. Great crowd.
4	The fact that this place does a vegetarian Wednesday every month makes them ok in my books! The food never disappoints! I also love sitting outside in the summer.
3	3.5 or 4 stars .My friend told me we were going to a Carribean place.... This is not what I expected. My experience  with Carribean places has been shabby restaurants with great authentic food made with soul. This place didn't involve plastic furniture or island accents. I was suspicious especially when a hostess asked if we had reservations? Anyhow I had my 5 year old son with me. The menu is not what I would call kid friendly, nor is the ambience. My kid was on best behavior for some reason but I wouldn't suggest bringing yours here.  We shared the jerk wings with a killer cilantro sauce yum o. My friend had a chowder and crab cakes while I tucked into "the best burger in Pittsburgh". The best burger involves an egg and guacomole and bacon on the burger, not the best that I have had, I feel that Primanti Bros could offer some competition if burger judges weren't apathetic to that chain. My friend liked her food a lot. I ended up getting the lava cake a la mode which was decent because chocolate is always decent.It's OK.. Seems like a nice date night spot but don't come expecting authentic Carribean dishes.
4	Nice atmosphere, super nice wait staff.....The crab sandwich and salad was delicious and so are the sweet potatoe fries.  Plus they have an excellent Boulder cold hop IPA on tap...
5	I had been hearing a lot of great things about Kaya and finally got to give it a try. I liked the atmosphere and they had fun cocktails. The mussels appetizer was delicious and the pulled pork quesadillas had some great flavor. They noticed that our appetizer was taking a while so they even struck it from the check at the end of the night. So nice! I will definitely be going back.
3	I've visited Kaya several times now, both for lunch and dinner. This review is a little bit biased in that I'm generally not a big fan of the "island cuisine" that Kaya serves. It's one of my least favorite "Big Burrito" restaurants.  As such, I've never independently chosen this restaurant as a place to eat,  I've only met people who are already there. Nevertheless, I always receive friendly and knowledgeable service from the waiters. In terms of the appetizers, I enjoy the calamari and the tuna tartare. My favorite entrees (the only ones I can order, really) are the kaya burger and the crispy fish tacos.  The burger is huge and packs a punch, but for some reason has a sunny side up egg on top of it. I don't understand where the egg fits into island cuisine, but ok. The fish tacos are less substantial but still very tasty. I'm don't like "jerk" spicing, but if you are, you will have a great deal to choose from on the menu. EVERY category of food from the tapas to the appetizers to the main courses has SOMETHING "jerked." Hey, did I mention "the new phone book's here!?"All around, Kaya has quick and nice staff but few offerings for a lady who doesn't like the cuisine theme, so three stars it is.
4	Kaya is another offering from Big Burrito and if you're familiar with their other restaurants (especially Mad Mex), you'll know what to expect from the vibe. It's a pretty dark space, heavily style with an island flair...both in decor and menu. The menu is pretty small, but all of the items that I've tried have been pretty good, and the service has always been really good, whether sitting inside or outside.We absolutely love their black bean dip, but fair warning: it's pretty spicy if you're not good with heat. The burger is good, as well as the cuban sandwich, but my go-to is probably the fish tacos. I tend to think they overdo it on the cream sauce, but otherwise, they're excellent. The red sangria is also delicious! I wouldn't say the food will blow you away, but I doubt you'll be disappointed, either.It's warm vibe and good service means it's good for both casual meals and for a nice date night spot. The strip district can be insane at times, so while you may have luck grabbing a table or seats at the bar on a whim, I'd advice making a reservation to save yourself a wait. Enjoy!
3	I've been to Kaya a couple times (mainly for the fried chicken) but had never been for brunch. The ladies and I decided to give it a shot and arrived at 11:30 on a recent weekend. I ordered an orange juice to start. It may have been 5 o'clock somewhere but not for me. As I looked over the menu, I saw some really interesting options. Most seemed to be with a Caribbean flare. Then my eyes wondered to nearby tables. Are you kidding me! The portions were gigantic. Was this brunch or dinner? I don't think the kitchen realized it was before noon. Accordingly, there were lots of tables with to go boxes. I decided to go with the chicken and waffles. I recognized that I was taking a risk here. I'm much more of a sweet brunch person than a savory one. When our meals arrived, I dug in. The fried chicken was spectacular as it always is. The waffle was light and fluffy. But somehow the combination was off to me. Maybe it was the tabasco butter mixing with the sweet syrup. Sweet and savory failed to come together for me. I ate the chicken separately and left the waffle. Should have stayed in my comfort zone and went with the chocolate banana waffle. Oh well, I think I'll stick with Kaya for dinner.
4	Mmm mmm good paella! So tasty. Highly recommend. Red sangria? Yes! Service? Really good. I've been hitting this place for the last three years and never have I been disappointed.
5	I've been trying to review Kaya for an embarrassing length of time. I'd start a draft, realize I wasn't doing this place justice, then I'd start over. I realize I'll never be able to summarize how incredible Kaya is, or how delighted it has made me over the years, but I can't leave the Pittsburgh area without attempting to express just how much I love Kaya.There aren't enough available adjectives to describe the food. I always start the party with one of their magical appetizers. The lentil and corn beignets are always impressive, lightly fried and served with a wonderfully spicy green curry sauce. Perfect for sharing. The Yucatan hot bean dip with homemade chips may be the most addictive item on the menu. The rich, spicy-ish, slightly cheesy dip with those magnificently salty chips will make it difficult to carry on a conversation with your dining companions. You'll be too busy hollowing out that tasty dip. The tofu cracklins are enough to astound even the non-vegetarians with the chipotle honey BBQ flavor and crispy texture. The field green salad is served with possibly the world's best salad dressing. This lime cilantro vinaigrette should be bottled and sold. To me, specifically. With all of the amazing vegetarian appetizers, it's almost too difficult to save enough room for an entree.  But I do. Oooohhhh, I do.Jerked. Tofu. Tacos. If Kaya only had one item on their menu and this was it, it would still be my favorite restaurant. Ever. Fresh, soft, warm tortillas with a mind blowing cilantro cream sauce, avocado, a cabbage slaw, peppers and tofu prepared so expertly you'll swear you might cry...but that's probably the jerk seasoning talking. Your order comes with three tacos, and they are large. The third one is perfect for lunch the following day, although you'll be sad you aren't actually eating it at Kaya. The Jamaican green curry vegetable dish is a spicy little number with saffron rice, potatoes, squash, peas, and pineapple. Each time you get a fork full with that pineapple covered in the creamy, fiery green curry, your eyes just might roll back in your head with delight. The veggie Kaya burger is a wondrous experience. Homemade veggie patty (no phoning it in with some frozen Boca burger here!), avocado, pickles, tomato, chihuahua cheese and a sunny side up egg. It's messy. It's large. It's heavenly. And with a side of sweet potato fries it's perfection. The brunch menu seems to change often. Just know that you can't go wrong with any of the Sunday offerings, whether it be chocolate chip waffles or huevos rancheros. Just be sure to try the Vampiro cocktail, with tequila and grapefruit juice. Cocktails at Kaya are inventive and exciting. Cocktail menu changes quite often and during happy hour everything is half price! My favorite drink I've experienced here has to be the mango Mai Thai. For the winter months, they've traded mango for pomegranate. Which is just fine with this girl. The cherry spritzer served in a champagne flute with it's bitter sweetness is hard not to love. The mojito is a reliable favorite. The dark and stormy is stupendous. The bartenders are very skilled and it makes all the difference in the world.Service is always on point. Nice servers, who seem to remember us as we are there so often. I'm not sure if Chaz still waits tables at Kaya as I haven't seen him in quite sometime. He was the greatest, most knowledgable, friendliest server I've had in my life, and we'd always get excited when we knew he was waiting on us. If you happen to see him, consider yourself lucky. And please, tip him well. The vibe at Kaya is casual, Caribbean and inviting. Always a decent crowd at the bar sampling those stunning cocktails and ample amounts of seating. The lights are low, the music is funky, and I'm probably in a booth resisting the urge to lick my plate. Kaya is not only my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. It's my favorite restaurant ANYWHERE. An exceptional dining experience all around. I could never do it justice with words. You'll have to check it out for yourself!
4	This is an amazing place!  Great atmosphere, very clean, beautiful bar, and most importantly, great food!Shoot for the fish tacos; yum!!!The only reason I didn't rate this a 5 star was due to the service being quite slow and lackluster. Other than that, GO NOW!
5	Great cuban food and drinks. Try the fish tacos, pulled pork, mojitos, and pineapple salsa. Nice atmosphere and bar as well.
5	I have only been here a few times but I feel confident in my feelings toward Kaya. It's a  Big Burrito restaurant which owns restaurants like Casbah, Mad Mex, and Eleven all very respected restaurants in Pittsburgh. Kaya is Island themed and falls in the mid to upper price range of the several Big Burrito restaurants. Between my wife and I we have tried a few dishes on the dinner menu and all of them have been delicious. What I really want to talk about is their Sunday brunch menu. My wife and I happened to be in the strip on a Sunday and wondered into Kaya for a little lunch. We had the Eggs Benedict and Fried Chicken & Waffle. The Eggs Benedict was good but what I crave is the Chicken and Waffles. A large Belgian style waffle with spicy breaded chicken strips on top. The syrup was extra sweet with what I suspect may have been infused with vanilla to make it extra sweet. The combination of spice breaded chicken and sweet syrup on top of a delicious waffle was about more than mouth could handle. It was so good that you will just have to try it yourself. Don't miss their weekly happy hour  Mon-Fri 5-7 and if you are there on sunday do yourself a favor and get the chicken and waffles.
5	Though my husband and I enjoyed our first experience at Kaya (a Friday night dinner), our recent Sunday brunch experience made me revisit my 4 star review. Four words for you... Fried Chicken and Waffle. For only $13, you can partake of one of the best brunch dishes of all time. The menu describes this item so normally, but this isn't a normal dish. The waffle is good but the chicken packs a spicy punch while the maple syrup is extra sweet to balance that sassy Caribbean flavor. It's an absolutely incredible experience, and we'll definitely be back to enjoy it again.
5	Got a Big Burrito gift card for Christmas so decided to try this place out. I'm really glad that we did! The food was amazing! We got the Kaya burger and the fish tacos..and I would highly recommend both. Our server was friendly and attentive and the manager stopped by to see how everything was as well. Overall great experience! We'll definitely be coming back.
3	I've been to this place a few times since I've lived in Pittsburgh and I've always had a pretty good experience. It's located in one of the coolest streets in the Strict District and decorated really nicely with a lot of potential.  In my opinion, I think that the food (and drink) items are overpriced for the portions and quality, but it is a good place to go for a happy hour. I forget what the exact deal is, but I think that both drinks and appetizers are fairly cheap. To be honest, I wouldn't recommend a cocktails and sit-down meal here, but visit to enjoy the happy hour deals.
5	Very much enjoyed everything I tried there today. I went for lunch and got Jamaican wings (well done) for appetizer. So good. Then I had true Cuban sandwich and with the spicy mayo they serve it with is everything I was looking for. Everything was exceptional. I didn't have one complaint, even the mimosa was delightful. Staff was friendly. It was just hard to find the front door lol maybe just for us I don't know.Just wanted to add just went back and not only was the Cuban sandwich cooked better than last time, the conch human puppies were amazing! Highly recommend. Also get the cucumber sauce to dip anything in. So good.
4	Actually, 4.5.We had brunch on Sunday. Kaya has a fantastic menu that mixes a number of cultures, but still seems fantastically simple. It's a great space, wonderful service, and very attentive across the board. Amongst the four the us we had three benedicts (two with soy sausage, one with smoked salmon), and the monstrous mushroom and cheese omelet. Top marks across the board. They even added a nice side plate of slice avocado on request. Great drinks, great coffee, great place.
4	The service is always friendly and accommodating.  The vegetarian burger is to die for.  It is only on the lunch menu but they will serve it at dinner if you ask.
3	Second time there, went for lunch with a friend. Got the lunch combo - black bean quesadilla, winter veggie soup, sweet potato fries. The quesadilla was surprisingly small (especially compared with my friend's pork slider, which for $2 more was HUGE in comparison). The soup was excellent, luscious without being overly creamy, and topped with some notably tasty fried sage. The sweet potato fries were nothing to write home about, but were a nice accompaniment. Decent prices, could have been more creative, but I'd go back for lunch. There are certainly other, better places in the Strip, though.
2	Carribean food... well if you say so.  Came here for lunch.  Decor looked like they tried really hard to make seem as if they didn't try hard on it.  Imagine Rainforest Cafe as a pre-teen who just realized his parents dressed him funny, so he goes to some random crap store and buys a pair of JNCO jeans to wear with his hawaiian print.  This is sort of what the inside of Kaya feels like.  It wants to be fancy and cool at the same time, but c'mon now... your bar stools look like they're wearing palm tree skirts.Food: Not good, but edible (lunch).  The paella was dry and looked more like fried rice.  Paella is supposed to be moist, absorbing all the juices of the seafood, white wine, spices that go into making it.  This was more akin to wok-fried rice with mussels and mexican rice mixed in.  The burger was also lacking, with a dried out (although sizable) patty with formless bread to hold the contents together.  For the lunch price point, not bad.  $20 got me a beer and an attempt at what could have been a good dish, tip included.  Would have paid more for a better dish, but won't be coming back for lunch again.
2	I had high hopes for Kaya, as people seem to really like this place. On top of that, I've had some great Caribbean food in the past. Not here, however. If there are ever fish tacos on a menu, I order them. So I've had my fair share of tacos. The wait was long, and we began to wonder if they had forgotten about our orders. We were finally served. Even on a hungry stomach, I found the tacos to be tasteless. At $17, I was a bit shocked.None of us were very impressed with our dishes, or the waiter, who was neglectful and curt.There are some great restaurants in Pittsburgh, but Kaya isn't one of them.
4	Great Strip District bar and restaurant!The ambiance was causal, urban, caribbean.  The music was not too loud, creating a relaxing atmosphere for a late afternoon (3pm) meal.  The service was prompt and attentive.  Bethany seated me immediately and checked in with me frequently throughout the meal!  The general manager (Monica? I believe?) was very pleasant.  There was a slight problem with the timing of one of my dishes and the general manger handled the minor setback graciously and professionally.  Thank you!The food was delicious!!!! I had the basil infused margarita.  It was not a sweet drink (which I like) and the basil added a refreshing after taste. The conch corn chowder was perfect!!! I have never had conch and I am so glad that my first experience with conch was pleasant- I will definitely experiment more with it.  I ended my meal with the Kaya Burger.  Everything I read online was true... It's a good burger! The fried eggs was drizzled perfectly from the bun and the special sauce added tremendous flavor.  I did not have to add salt/pepper/ketchup to anything.  All of the dishes were ready to eat as is.  Cheers to a great meal at Kaya! Only one critique: one of the staff members began sweeping. I respect and understand her efforts to clean up during this down time just  before the 5pm happy hour rush hits.  But, I wish she had waited before pulling back the chairs and sweeping both tables DIRECTLY flanking me.  Kicking up dust from a broom on either side of meanwhile eating was not pleasant.  If she could have stayed one table distance away with the dust/broom, I would have appreciated that courtesy.
4	I know this is not the most original review, but I have to agree that the fish tacos are a good choice. The service was friendly and prompt.
4	I love this place! The fish tacos are to die for, the bean dip is flavorful, and the drinks are delicious especially the dark and stormy. This is the place I go to when there's some sort of special occasion since it's a little pricy. I would give this place 5 stars, but the server I've had a couple of times is just really unfriendly and odd.
5	We had an absolutely wonderful experience here! It can get a bit pricey, but the quality of the food and the portions do not disappoint! Our bill came to around $150 (tip included) for appetizers, dinner and drinks for 4 (with leftovers to take home!).Autumn was our server and she was just splendid! She made thoughtful recommendations for both food and drinks, which was wonderful for our indecisive group! We had the margarita and the ___ which was a refreshing cucumber drink. Both were delicious!We started with the Bean Dip and the Shrimp/Avacado Bruschetta. The dip was great, served with crispy and seasoned house-made chips. Warning: The Bruschetta was delicious but VERY HOT. I knew there would be a hint of habnaero, but our mouths were on FIRE! Our server told us that each order comes with 3 tacos, but if we are splitting orders, they will give you 4 for no upcharge! That's a pretty amazing deal when the 3 tacos are already a very generous portion!We heard the fish tacos were very popular, so we had to go with an order of those! I'm not normally a huge fan of fish tacos, but these were so enjoyable! It was topped with cabbage slaw and a spicy cream sauce. The fish was rich, but not overpowering.My favorite part of the meal was the Tempura Avocado Bahn Mi Tacos! What a unique dish! The flavor was amazing and I can't wait to have them again! It was topped with carrot, radish,cilantro, yuzu mayo, & cucumber. Our server told us that they can add any type of protein to them, so we also had shrimp on them also. Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuum!They serve their tacos on Reyna's tortillas, so I love the local aspect as well!I was very impressed with the quality of the food and the service. I'll definitely be going back!
3	The overall experience was ok.  I would probably go back because the food had some highs.   My husband made reservations finally after we tried their food at the Best Restaurant Party.  The decor is neat and the hostess was nice.  Our waitress was kind of odd and I didn't think she was listening half the time.  We tried the conch hushpuppies that were really good (I hate seafood and I loved them).  The sauces with them were amazing.  My husband got the flanksteak with yucca cakes.  It was also cooked very well and tasted great.  I got the burger, mostly because I saw someone else and it looked tasty.   It is a large burger (too big to eat without a fork and knife) and and it comes with a medley of root vegetable chips (but I asked for waffle fries).  My burger was burnt to a CRISP and tasted like it was on a charcoal grill too long.  I loved the sauce, but the waitress forgot to put in the waffle fries so I got the chips.  She did fix it when I brought it to her attention but then I got 1/3 of a tasting cup of ketchup which I thought was kind of strange.  So....  there were definite highlights (appetizer and my husband's meal) but my burger and the waitress was much to be desired.  Food prices seems on par with the other big burrito restaurants (so pricey but you get a good amount of food).
4	Loved the fish tacos and mojitos. Make reservations! Great atmosphere and the waitress was very knowledgable about the menu! Will be going back soon.
5	Stopped by for lunch without a reservation and the hostess accommodated us without a problem. The server was friendly and knew about the items we asked about. Ambiance was eclectic from the wall hangings to the tribal sculpture and avoided the bright mix of colors you often find in Caribbean restaurants. But in the end its about the food... Attractive - Fresh - Terrific ! Conch hush puppies had some heat, the pulled pork with fried bananas was fun with flavor and texture, the vegetable curry dish had hints of curry and allowed the saffron and other flavors to shine. My only complaint was we didn't leave room for dessert.
4	Kaya's is a great little gem found in the heart of the strip District. They have some amazing Caribbean drinks, including a dark and stormy which I haven't had since I was in Bermuda. Delicious!! The appetizers are to die for, and their fish tacos are exquisite. I highly recommend popping into this place for a drink or a bite to eat
4	I've got no complaints with Kaya. Sure, like any decent restaurant in Pittsburgh, they get busy during prime hours. They have a rotating selection of great beers, some good standbys in bottles, and adept bartenders who can mix a great drink on or off their seasonally changing cocktail menu.The food here runs the gamut of Caribbean and American fare. Some of my favorites are the flank steak salad, cuban sandwich, or green curry for lunch and the paella, fish tacos, or the burger for dinner [note: their burger is stacked and loaded, good luck on that first bite]. Outdoor seating on a sunny afternoon is great. Parking can be trouble, but that's the case anywhere in the Strip. It's worth the time you'll spend circling for a place or the $5 for parking on the warehouse side of Smallman.
4	Loved my fish tacos. Outside seating was perfect on a nice day. Only gripe was that my date's fish sandwich was very dry, especially with the dry bun used. Oh, bean dip and chips were awesome too.
5	This is without a doubt one of my favorite restaurants. If you like fish tacos, then you won't want another one after eating here. There is something about these tacos that I just fell in love with. The portion is so huge that I always take half of them home with me. I love Kaya because it is laid back enough that you can go in jeans and a jersey or you can go a little more dressy. It is a cool and comfortable vibe there and just another notch on the belt of the wonderful restaurants in the Big Burrito Group. The corn beignets are to die for and are paired so well with the curry sauce. Everything that I have had here has not been a disappointment. The desserts and drinks and slightly cheaper than Eleven down the street and the entrees are more reasonably priced.  However, you do not lose the flavor in these dishes with the decrease in price. Go here! You will love it!
4	The Good: cool vibes; well decorated, renovated industrial buildings, by the river. Really friendly, laid back staff. Varied meats / fish options on the menu. Bean dip is awesome, served with root chips. Sizable portions. Good crowd. Overall food is fresh, fun and tasty. The Bad:  Shark was a bit boring, totally got my hopes up. A bit pricer then $$ but for what they serve it's fair. Bottom Line: Spice up your life with some eclectic Latin food in a modern but authentic atmosphere.
4	Located in the strip District on Smallman St., Kaya is a big burrito restaurant and one of my favorites. This is sort of a 'Friday night tradition' normally with my wife and I when she flies into town. I always get the tofu tacos;however, it seems that the tofu tacos one on the menu today. I hope that's not a permanent thing! Sat outside with my friend Rick tonight. Had the fantastic ox tail bruschetta followed by the skirt steak on a bed of asparagus and polenta.  They serve nonalcoholic beer, which makes me very happy. I wish more restaurants did that! Oh, and by the way, I do not think O'Doule's qualifies as anything other than rotgut, so if that's what you serve, you're not serving nonalcoholic beer.They screwed steak tonight was okay, but a little bland. I was able to put some hot sauce on it to make up for it.Service is good, location is good, highly recommend.
3	I don't know why this pops up when I type 'Jamaican Food' into the search field.  I guess because of the 'jerk' wings?  I've been here twice and and I have ordered those wings both times.  On neither of those occasions would I have called those wings jerk and on only one were the wings even good.  On that second visit, what I got were some unseasoned chicken wings fried hard as shit.  So the waitress brought us some sauce, I shudder to think what kind of jerk sauce it actually was.I do recall having some soup that was ok, but seriously,  the classification of this place as Caribbean is a stretch.  And the lack of consistency is a problem that I've had with so many Pittsburgh spots that it doesn't seem fair to dock them for it, hence, three stars.
5	The Jamaican Green Curry Vegetables is not anything like a Thai green curry - and I love my curries, but think Kaya's dish is better. The dish is not served in coconut milk like it's Thai counterpart. Instead, it's loaded up with all sorts of veggies on a huge platter, easily making two meals.  The saffron rice is special too, and complements the flavors really well. And, unlike most curries in Thai restaurants, Kaya's is vegan (among a few other amazing sounding menu items)!Great happy hour deal, although I wish it was still 5-7pm instead of 4:30-6:30pm - that half hour does make a difference when you get off work at 6!
4	In the Burgh for business and needed a place for dinner in the strip.   I hadn't been to Kaya in 6+ years since I moved away.   Service - fast,  friendly and helpful with tips from the waitress.   Food was delicious - I recommend the chips with bean dip salsa and the vegetable paella. Price -  under $80 for 3 grown men with 2 apps and 3 entrees. I'll be going back again next time I'm in town.
4	Appetizers were out of this world.  We had their ceviche, beef ribs and for a meal my gf had tuna tacos and crab cakes.  Very diverse and unique offerings and taste that felt very carribean which is what we wanted.  Only complaint is for my entree i was really looking forward to the Paella and it came without the Chorizo which should of been included, chef had to make it for my dish after the fact and it was brought out 15 minutes into the entree.  With the Chorizo i felt the dish was a bit to spicy but overall a good dish.  We will be back and I will try another entree. Great drinks as well.
4	We came here over the weekend and it was quite yummy.  I loved that you had the option of dining inside or outside.  We chose outside.  Great for watching all the hustle and bustle the strip has to offer on a Saturday afternoon. I had the Kaya Burger and the red sangria. It was just what I was craving.  Mmm beef.   It had avocado, bacon, fried egg, and kayas secret sauce, mayo based with sweet potato fries and chipotle aioli for dipping.  It was darn delicious.  The egg yolk was oozing out perfectly over the beef and bacon.  My only complaint is it was well done, asked for medium, and it took about 40 minutes to get our food without an explanation or an apology.  Just a heads up would've been nice. They were empty inside with a few patio tables outside.  Will be back next time at the strip!  Can't wait to try more of their menu items!
2	I hate to say this, I just can not recommend this place.  It's nothing wonderful and it is pricey.  Service is great but, for the price of food and drinks, there are SOOOOO many better places to try.  The Jerk Chicken salad was OK, and the Paella was bland.   However; the bowl of strawberry/red pepper gazpacho was the best thing we ate today.  Maybe its hit or miss here but, for me... it's been more MISS.Ill take my business elsewhere... OH and FYI Kaya is part of the Big Burrito restaurant food chain which encompasses my FAVORITE place  MAD MEX !!!  Just not sure why Kaya is so inferior.  So I guess it does not matter if I wont come back to Kaya because Ill still go to Mad Mex every chance I get; ether way, Big Burrito gets my cash.
5	One of my absolute favourite restaurants in Pittsburgh!!! For a few hours infused with friends, martinis, and delicious culinary fare, I feel like I took a flight south to the Caribbean! I even leave saying things like, "Eh man!" It's so classy and cool, and the staff is friendly as can be. Must go here again ASAP.
4	Took advantage of this venue during the "Stroll the Strip" event, which is another story and review all by itself.  Suffice it to say, after the stroll, I was still hungry and, while Kaya was not a participant of the Stroll, the Stroll was the reason we found Kaya.We sat outdoors and had a great meal.  My husband ordered the fish tacos, while I had the Jerked Pulled Pork Quesadilla.  Both dishes were quite delicious and I'd highly recommend.  Service was attentive and prices were reasonable.
4	we had Sunday brunch here.  this would be 5 stars except we had rather slow service at the bar.  besides that, everything was good.  they make a nice bloody Mary and have a nice cocktail program. my eggs Benedict were as good as any i have had.  everything on the menu looked very good.  i would recommend this place and i would return again.   other reviews said this place was pricey.  i would agree with that.
4	Kaya=Get The Cuban SandwichOddly it's kinda difficult to find a decent Cuban sandwich. Seems simple enough pork and ham, pickle and mustard and good bread.....not so simple. Kaya gets it right. Service is good. Seating is a little cramped when it's busy. You are close enough to easily steal food off of your neighboring tables plates. Nice beer selection probably 20 on tap. Not much crap. Nice strong drinks. My only caution would be if your going with a group make sure they have open minds. I made the mistake of going with a group of our culinary people and I guess I gave them too much credit. The menu is Afro-Caribbean so if your people are looking for familiarity go elsewhere.
4	The food was great but our server (Justine) was really rude.  Problem seemed to start when friends questioned whether the tap for the diet coke was working properly.  Didn't ruin the meal but we weren't happy.
2	It pains me to write a below average review for Kaya.  I have loved Kaya for years but have been away from the restaurant for quite a while because recent menus did not appeal to my wife and I enough.  Anyway my wife convinced me that we needed to go back so we did.  While I was pleased with the current menu and received excellent service, the execution of the meal was very disappointing.  I don't know if Big Burrito is using Kaya as the entry level for new kitchen staff but the mistakes were very frustrating.  The conch hushpuppies were overseasoned to the point that my wife could not eat them.  The problem repeated itself with my wife's entree.  She ordered the tacos with tempura avocado.  Half of the avocado was seasoned and the other had no salt whatsoever.  I ordered the heirloom tomato BLT which came with a side salad.  My salad was completely without dressing and one of the heirloom tomatoes on my sandwich had a huge (2-3 in) section that was brown and woody.  This points to a lack of attention to detail on the basics.  It is exactly what I would expect from inexperienced staff.  The staff and manager were very helpful with these problems and quite apologetic and we appreciated their concern.  Overall I loved the concept of the food and were it not for the poor execution we would have had a wonderful meal.  I have been eating at Big Burrito restaurants since the original Mad Mex opened and will continue to do so.  However I will have to think long and hard before I return to Kaya based on these problems.  I hope they invest some time in attention to detail in the kitchen and improving their staff training.
4	I got the fish tacos and white wine sangria. Both were very tasty. My dinner mates got the Cuban sandwich and paella. Everyone enjoyed their food. Nice atmosphere, good food, pretty good service- I'd recommend giving it a try. They do seem a little obsessed with having a reservation (even if tables are empty), so I would get a reservation first, just to make sure you don't get turned away.
4	Went on a double date with friends. I will start with the bad. It took over 45 minuets for our meals to come from when we ordered (we ordered them after our appetizers). But it took no time for our appetizers and drinks to come. But with that said out waitress was great. Letting us know that the kitchen was backed up and when to expect the food etc. also when we got the food it was fantastic. I got the crocodile appetizer and for my meal the Cuban  sandwich. All very good. We also shared the hot bean dip and everyone else enjoyed their meals. I would of given this place a lower score if they food had not been so good when it did come out. Also since the weather was nice it was a great night to sit outside. Only issue was the bad river/shit smell that blew past every now and then but it did not ruin the experience.
4	I LOVE KAYA!Making a reservation is best, because they can get busy. Seating is a bit cramped, and you're very very close to the people beside you.But the food is to die for. I always get the jerk pulled pork quesadilla. It's amazing and always cooked perfectly. The staff seems very friendly and attentive as well. Be prepared to spend a bit on dinner, but it's absolutely worth it and the food quality matches the prices.
5	Service was awesome....thanks Brian! Atmosphere was really colorful and cultural. Food was amazing! We got the jerk pork quesadilla and the fish tacos. Both great choices. Really great beer and mix drink selection. The hot bean dip is out of this world and the homemade chips really hammer it home. If you don't go here you are dumb.
3	We enjoyed our visit to Kaya restaurant. The drinks and appetizer was just great. We ordered green curry - it had too much pepper in it, making it hard to enjoy. We also ordered plant in tostada, it was alright. The mango creme brulee had a bitter taste.The ambience is great and service is excellent. I wish the food was similarly good.
4	Note to readers: this review is of the Sunday Brunch menu and cocktails, the bartender Joe who I want to tell stuff, and the conch hushpuppies in particular.  Oh, brunch.  That meal of the week where you can justify literally drinking vodka for breakfast.  So Hemingway.  While we're on the subject, Kaya has different vodka infusion options for your bloody mary pleasures.  They have a cucumber vodka, a cilantro vodka, a red pepper vodka and a......jalepeno one?  Don't quote me on that I just forget the last one.  I asked for half cucumber and half cilantro and then ended up drinking Ned's red pepper one because I liked his better and he conveniently thought the same about mine.  The conch hush puppies are really really good.  I love appetizers (especially at 11 in the morning) that make you go "oooooooo" (shudder spicy shudder) "mmmmm".  If you can wrap your head around that.  They give you some slivered onions and peppers on the side with a lime.  I made a little salsa on my plate and ate it all together and it was pretty wonderful.  The pork eggs benedict were just a touch too sweet for me and lacking in salt but that's more of a personal problem.  Ned's huevos rancheros were so, so good but then he ruined it with chorizo.  Blegh!  I'm going to have to come back for another meal to see about the rest of the menu and then we'll talk about that missing star.  Service was impeccable and WHILE we're on the subject, Joe, who mostly took care of us (though Nate did too and he also did a great job) is going to San Francisco tomorrow (Thursday) and I wanted to tell him in writing to A) check out my Best of California list of reviews here on yelp because they're all pretty spot on (as usual) and B) the place I told you to go to which you may have already been to and may not go to and I don't care if you do but in case you forgot it's called Bi-Rite Creamery on 18th by Dolores Park and get the salted caramel ice cream and, if you're feeling bold, get one of their sundaes.
4	When we walked into Kaya, we thought the place was fairly small until we were shown our table and we got a better idea of the size of the place. I thought there could have been more lighting since it was almost difficult to read my menu(and I prefer darker rooms).We started with some Kaya chips and Yucatan Hot Bean Dip, then some fried chicken tacos. The chips were a treat and the bean dip was almost like chili, which I enjoyed. It had a spicy kick, but I didn't think it was that hot. The fried chicken tacos were absolutely delicious.I ordered the Kaya Burger for my meal and was pleasantly surprised with it. The egg made for a great burger and the Kaya sauce was extremely tasty. I expected the avacado and bacon to stand out, but there was a blend of flavors instead, which was great. I was surprised by how small the burger looked when I got it, the the burger patty was very thick and I was stuffed when I finished. I was also able to try some jerked chicken from a colleague's plate and it was exquisite. Not only was the flavor out of this world, it was very juicy.
4	Interesting selection if food and drink. Probably my favorite flavored martini ever. Earl Grey tea infused Bombay Sapphire gin with a lemon twist and sugar rimmed glass. So awesome. Had the paella which is nice twist of the traditional. A little salty, but good.
2	I've been to Kaya in the past and it was great.  However, it appears to be experiencing a rough go of it lately.  I went for lunch and ordered the Jerk Chicken.  The menu describes it as a "tropical chop salad, romaine, flour tortillas, mango, pineapple, cucumbers, tomatoes, cilantro, avocado."  What I received was chicken atop a pile of pineapple with some slices of avocado on the side.  The redemption of the meal was the wonderful chowder and some good wine.
5	This place is great. Makes a joke of Monterey bay. For less than half the price get twice the meal. Try the porgy.
4	Awesome food. If you like eating fish tacos as much as I do (you naughty, naughty boy) you will find Kaya's hard to beat. I have never had meal here disappoint me.
3	went for lunch and maybe it's what I ordered, but it was just ok for me. Nothing out of the ordinary or anything that really WOWed me. The place was clean and the servers good, though
5	The roasted banana ice cream was in my dreams all night and everything else superb before it
4	Really really great service.  Diverse menu.  Apps are excellent especially the calamari  which features some interesting use of lime.  Nice atmosphere.
5	Time and again, Kaya remains one of my favorite places to grab a meal. This weekend, I went back for a brunch with a couple girlfriends -- and everyone agreed about its collective deliciousness. The brunch started with a basic mimosa -- don't let the pulp scare you away (if that kind of thing scares you away from OJ, as it usually does for me); this drink is incredibly refreshing. I had the eggs benedict (sans cornbread, since the server/chef confirmed it is NOT gluten-free... bummer). The smoked salmon and hollandaise sauce was perfection together. And holy plate of grilled pineapple! What a nice complement to the meal. I love my old standbys in this city, and this Caribbean-inspired cafe endures at the top of the list.Five, brunchin' big stars, Kaya!
4	I've been wanting to try Kaya for sometime because I spend a fair amount of time in Pittsburgh for business.   I journeyed here on a Tuesday night, there was a decent crowd at the bar and in the restaurant.   I was greeted at the host stand and escorted to my table.   I ordered a red sangria and the Kaya Chips and Tomatillo and Mango Salsa as a starter.  The couple at the next table had the conch hushpuppies and hot bean dip with Kaya Chips, which also looked very good.   The hot bean dip must be popular because almost every table in the surrounding area had the same appetizer.   The sangria was just ok, nothing to write home about, not particularly fruity tasty, especially for $10.   The chips and salsa....yum.   The Kaya Chips were homemade potato chips that were seasoned accordingly....slightly spicy but very flavorful.   I don't  think that the chip were a good pairing with the salsa.  I was expecting a yucca or tortilla chip.   The Salsa was EXCELLENT, just not with the potato chips.  The salsa was a great blend of flavors sweet, spicy, flavorful.  I saved the salsa to accompany my entree.   I was torn between the jerk chicken entree and the cuban sandwich.   I chose the jerk chicken, kinda wished I had chosen the sandwich.  The entree included 1/2 chicken, chopped into manageable pieces.  The chicken was served on top of red beans and rice and then topped with an heirloom tomato/avocado/jalapeno salad with a hint of lime juice.  The highlight of this dish was the salad and the salsa that I had saved.  The chicken was not what I expected, the jerk seasoning was just not apparent.   I also think that the price point was a bit high at $24.  The chicken was moist and tender but just didn't taste like jerk chicken and the red beans and rice were just ok.    I would return to Kaya, but would opt for a different menu choice.  All was well prepared and generously portioned.   The service was a bit stand-offish, but all-in-all I would return.
4	Definitely tasty, but it's not at the top of my list of "places I'm dying to go back to." Unique and interesting ambience, service was good. We called to make a reservation Friday morning and they only had an early time or late time remaining -- we took the 8:45 reservation. So definitely call beforehand if you want a reservation during a "prime-time!"We ordered the alligator, vegetable green curry with shrimp added, and the crispy fish tacos. The tacos were the hit; "best fish tacos I've ever had" according to my boyfriend.
4	This is a great new unique restaurant that has a good blend of Caribbean food. I recommend getting the fried avocado tacos for entree and the lentil and corn benignets as well as the mango salsa.
5	In my attempts to try places that serve vegan food, I found Kaya, and was extremely impressed. Their vegetable paella has thus far been one of my favorite meals to try. The service was great, the atmosphere was calming, and the food was so tasty. My drink was a little strong, I had the pomegranate mai tai, but it wasl very good.
5	An amazing restaurant. I suggest getting a lot of appetizers and sharing instead of getting entrees because all the appetizers are amazing and you get to taste around. Plus, if you get an entree with it, we find we are too full to eat anymore! I love the calamari and crab and plantain cakes, my father loves the fish tacos, and my whole family loves the yuca bean dip. Everything has amazing spice and it's the closest thing to the islands in Pittsburgh.
4	Food was really good! Seating was a bit uncomfortable, but the service was great! The only thing I wish for is a broader wine selection.
5	Impressive. Great food, service AND decor. Love this place.We had butternut squash/pumpkin/apple soup, corn and lentil beignets, and the fish tacos. All were a hit. The soup is completely vegetarian (with a touch of cream) and had amazingly rich deep flavor and spice. The beignets were light, with a sauce we just had to finish. And the fish tacos were a classic, as others report, really nicely done. The soup was so good, we quizzed them on the preparation!I found the interior attractive and interesting, with great African art pieces and sculptures, a beautiful wood wall and back room, comfortable seating and good lighting. Not too noisy at lunchtime, when they were about half full, and I like the industrial touches with the old brick building as the backdrop.We tried a couple of their drinks, and the Hummingbird is a very good, unusual rye-based cocktail. The bar is innovative. And the caramel-cardamom ice cream was also really good, not too sweet.Strongly recommended. They have a prix-fix fried chicken dinner on Thursday too. Absolutely nothing to criticize here, well-worth seeking out.
5	Finally had the pleasure of trying Kaya! Food was wonderful! Staff were all very nice! Portions were large for the price! Great little place with great flavor!
3	My suggestion is to just go for lunch or dinner. The Brunch fell short for me. I had the chicken and waffle. For the price, the meal was a bit smaller than I expected. The chicken was really dry and had a sour taste. There were three of us. We had wings and dip as apps, two cocktails each and each had an entree. The bill was almost $90. I did see a super looking omelet at the table next to us. It looked fantastic. We are starting a "brunch-a-month" club. This was the first on the list. Not going back for brunch. I will go back for everything else. And Monica is the absolute most kind and professional person!
5	Kaya is my ace in the hole. This is the place I take visiting family and friends.  We've  never been disappointed.  The jerk wings take me back to the road side stand in the caymans.  Conk and corn chowder warms the soul.  If I where to pick favorite it would be the Kaya chips and salsa. I would love to see more seafood and a skirt steak that's not tossed in a salad.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. Amazing corn lentil beignets, black bean dip for appetizers. Love the Jamaican curry too.
4	I remembered my friends and I went there 2 months ago. We three ordered three main courses and one chips. Portion was very generous. I had avocado tacos, average. Paella and steak was good.
4	My coworkers and I visit Kaya for happy hour, occasionally.  I love the ambiance!  Brick faced walls mixed with a non-tacky tropical vibe.  It's warm and inviting - a great place to go.I've only nibbled on a couple appetizers - Conch fritters were tasty and the black bean dip was not too bad either.  However their drinks... I have a favorite.I've tried the Graduate which is sage liquor, limoncello, lemon, sparkling wine.  It's very fresh but a tad bit sweet.  I asked my bartender his favorite and he said the Pisco Sour - Barsol Pisco, lime, egg white*, Angostura bitters.  Frothy yet tart - I love it!  We have a winner :)If you're looking for a great happy hour venue, try Kaya and have a Pisco Sour.  I'll be there too, so say hello!
5	Great brunch, even better happy hour, and always a pleasant experience. I've probably gone here 30-40 times (might have a problem), and it's consistently great. The avocado tempura tacos, fish tacos, salmon salad, and grapefuit marg are my go-tos!
2	I stopped in for 2 beers as I had eaten a late lunch so this review is for that only.pros:  interesting and unique atmosphere including decor and music,,, diverse yet not a overwhelming selection of drafts and liquor.lows:  quite simply rude, curt and unacceptable service from the 2 bartenders (lets call them the "richard cabezas" to keep with the theme)  Ask them a question and get a one word answer unless they were correcting me about something and that was combined with an eye roll.Just didn't feel welcomed and  comfortable which is super rare for me anymore and lets just say I WILL NOT be returning.
4	As a vegetarian I was really excited about the food here! I got the Tempura Avocado Bahn Mi Tacos, as well as black bean dip as an appetizer.  The tacos were delicious but missing a little something.. Put the black bean dip into them and OMG even better. Really impressed, and my mouth's watering just thinking about it! Hope to return soon (:
5	I arrived at Kaya on a Saturday night with a party of 6 and the wait was over 2 hours- yikes!  Make a reservation if possible.  Luckily, there were 6 seats in an L shape at the bar which we took over.  Inside of the restaurant is pretty dark and intimate.  Our experience started out kind of shaky- the bar tender was clearly annoyed to have to serve such a large party.  But, he came around and ended up being very friendly and entertaining.  I was sipping on mojitos for my stay and they were great. We started out with the conch fritters which were unique and delicious!  Many of us ordered the avocado bahn mi tacos.  They were so good.  I would go here again just to order that.  I was really surprised with how busy/unique and good their food was- especially for being part of a bigger corporation.  We all left full and happy.  Would definitely recommend trying.
2	The food was very very good, but I dropped the ranking two stars based on service.  My wife, 2 year old son, and I visited tonight for my Birthday.  While we weren't ready to order immediately (first visit), our server seemed very friendly and relaxed/ready to go.  But once we ordered, everything took way too long.  Our drink order took 5-10 minutes, and when we placed our full order (apps and entrees with a rush on sweet potato fries), everything showed up around 25 minutes later (our entrees came out 2-3 minutes after the apps).  I told the server countless times to bring out a side order of sweet potato fries as my kid was melting down and she kept saying they ran out and were making more; meanwhile said kiddo was pointing out all the fries every other table was receiving as everyone around us received their food.  I also asked if the kitchen was in the weeds (I don't want to blame the service unnecessarily) and she said "no" and looked at me like I was crazy.  Service was absolutely pitiful (yes, I served tables back in the day, so I know bad service).  Ultimately, although their food was absolutely fantastic, they are too dysfunctional as a kitchen and wait staff for me to risk bringing my family back there again.  I truly love Casbah and Mad Mex, but this restaurant just hasn't figured out how to make people comfortable.  I really hate writing such a harsh review about a restaurant with such wonderful food, but from a family stand point, I am definitely not their target customer, and that is a-ok, I just know I won't be back for a long time.Side Note: the bar tenders are great!  When the service hit rock bottom I bussed most my dishes to them, asked for extra silverware, drinks, etc, and they were very cool.
