5	This place used to be Ritas. Now it is an ice cream and treats place. Their menu includes cookies, sweet corn and various coffees. The ice cream and yogurt flavors vary day to day. Locally owned, not a chain. Nice and clean seating area. The service is top notch.
5	Their ice cream is excellent and the people who work here are really nice. Fun summer spot.
4	Great local, non chain place to get good ice cream. They have a lot of different flavors and you can sample them if you are unsure of what to get. Antney himself is often there and he will be more than happy to give you all the info you can handle on what he has to offer. Prices are quite reasonable. They are offer a frequent flier type card too.
5	While the hard ice cream is great, the secret here is the soft serve.  It is a half step from custard (the owner says that all that is missing is eggs) and is just amazing.  Try a sundae made of the vanilla/chocolate twist.  Just freaking unbelievable.
5	Delicious homemade ice cream.  Owners are super nice.  Check it out.
5	If you can imagine it, they have it here in ice cream form.Try a few samples and get a mix of things and prepare for your mind to be blown! They have something here for everyone, including blended treats and old standbys, but the magic is in flavors like maple chocolate covered bacon, shoofly pie, and pecan pie.The flavors change daily which gives you good reason to visit often. The owners are friendly, so if you don't see your favorite, just ask for it and they might be able to let you know when it will be back.
1	Delicious ice cream!  Nice family owned business. Great variety and always a surprise flavor.
5	The ice cream is homemade and delicious. Even the whipped cream is homemade and makes a great addition to the sundaes. Flavors are different every time I'm there and every one I've tried has been excellent. Hazelnut Nutella is probably my favorite. Love supporting small businesses and the owner is a really nice guy!
4	Delicious ice cream and yogurt. The thing I like most is that there is a wide variety of choices and unique flavors that I haven't seen in other places. The only downside is that there isn't a sit down area anywhere. You basically have to get your ice cream to go or eat it in your car.
5	The BEST ice cream in Pittsburgh. The revolving flavor menu always keeps you trying something new (and begging for old favorites to come back). They offer a cotton candy dip for soft serve, which somehow is the most incredible soft serve of all soft serves. "Antney" himself is just a delight and you can certainly tell he's in his element and living his dream. I LOVE this awesome ice cream stand in the West End!And there IS a seating area just to the right of the stand. Easy to miss if you park off to the left. :)
5	Great ice cream - try it out. They let you have samples and are very friendly. Unique flavors like German chocolate and pineapple upside-down cake. Best ice cream I've had in the area!
5	Antney , is an ice cream genius!!! Salted Carmel/candied bacon hard scoop, which is fabulous! I love the hard ice cream. Triple berry another great.The owner's great personality and obvious genius makes me come backPlus a stamp card, this place got it going on! Samples, I could go on all Day . Just go there!
5	I want to go to there every day. Like every day. This place blows every other ice cream place out of the water! I'm sorry. I know that's a bold statement. Especially after only sampling a handful of their flavors, but dear lord, are they all amazing! With a list of flavors that ALL sound enticing, it was hard to choose just one. I went with the Carrot Cake, which was incredible. I mean, this is legit handmade. Down to the raisins and cinnamon flavors mixed in with creamy ice cream. I'm going to conquer all the flavors, and then can't wait until they change over again. The absolute only gripe I have is that I wish there was some kind of seating. It's just a stand, and is connected to another business on the other side. So I'm not sure if they're even allowed. But if possible, some benches would be nice! But seriously, you could have a shack serving this stuff and I'd be there!
5	Antney's Ice Cream, run by the same groovy people when it was a Rita's, is yet another awesome eatery in my side of the 'Burgh. The ice cream is made fresh, and there are always a ton of new and interesting flavors along with familiar favorites. Note: "new and interesting" here means "really excellent" and not "funky oddities a choice few will enjoy."The oatmeal and cherry ice cream was fantastic. Ditto that for the pancakes and syrup with bacon - with real bacon pieces, not bits - flavor. Even the one with Nerds candy in it was exceptional, seeing how DQ's Blizzard with Nerds is something I've never been able to finish. But the creators here know how to perfectly balance the flavors, without making one ingredient totally overpower the others.The sorbet is also killer. I officially declared raspberry to be the greatest flavor in my own personal universe some time back, so I was thrilled when the raspberry sorbet here went beyond my expectations. Likewise, the raspberry frozen drink they have here (can't remember the actual name for the item at the moment, so pardon my memory lapse) is also tasty. I want to try a cream soda float sometime in the near future. But it's hard to do when there are always new flavors to try out. I'll get there eventually, though.Prices here are just peachy. $1.99 for a single scoop (and for once this is a good single scoop, not one of those gluttonous enormo-scoops that winds up feeling like a three-course meal before you've even made it to the cone), $2.99 for a double, and so on. They also have treats for your pooch if you bring one along.Antney's easily beats its competition, which would be the DQ across the street, and the Shake 'N Twist over the hill in Crafton. But then, it is real ice cream, and not soft serve. Not that those places don't have their, er, place, but it's always hard to compare against the real deal. There are always plenty of customers at Antney's, sitting on the tables at the side, or hanging out near the parking lot or sitting along the one short wall at the abandoned toy store. So be sure to make yourself a regular as well. I'd easily pit Antney's stuff toe to toe with any of the area's other "best" ice cream joints.
5	WOW ..... I have to agree with Rachel C. on this one.They have really cool  flavors and its HOMEMADE !After listening to Marty Griffin ( KDKA) talk about Antinitys for a few days on his morning show,I decided to try it out. After all , who doesn't like Ice Cream.Well , I'm impressed. I got the Chocolate shake a few nights ago , and last night,a Bowl of Vanilla Bean. GREAT Homemade flavor. No plastic added !I have the Toasted Coconut on my list for this weekend.This is why I love Pittsburgh and the small business flavor here !
5	The best ice cream in the city! Classic Flavors, innovative fun combinations and the fruit ice creams all made in house by Mr. Antney. He and his staff are always very friendly, quick to offer tastes and fast too. Sorbet for the lactose intolerant and soft serve available too. If you're going to indulge in ice cream make it Antney's!
5	The BEST ice cream in Pittsburgh. Homemade amazing flavors - today we tried caramel flan and also coconut cream pie. I had a raspberry lemonade sorbet. Just the best flavors! I also liked a burnt honey one I tried a few weeks ago. The prices are so great, and the service is excellent. They even have little "pup cups" that my dog loves. I will never go to a Dairy Queen again haha.
5	The ice cream is so rich and creamy. They make the ice cream homemade at the stand so it is really fresh.
5	Pecan Pie? Cinnamon Apple Butter? Shoofly Pie? This is what you can get at Antney's! They rotate their flavors regularly but everything I have sampled is absolutely delicious. There are a few tables of outdoor seating and general patio space to stand in while eating a cone. The owner is a really nice guy, too. I cannot recommend any other ice cream shop more highly than this one.
5	I love sweets. If I could live off sweets and not gain 300lbs, I would. Chocolate, ice cream, cake, ect, give it to me!!! SO obviously when I drove by this place in my heart I knew it would be amazing. I didn't catch the name so I thankfully was able to look it up on Google maps and the next day I made my way there!I was not disappointed at all! I got the toasted coconut(it had a better name but I cannot think of it right now) and plain ole chocolate. Omg was this good! I usually always go for the chocolate and that's it, as I am 100% chocolate lover, but I couldn't pass up the coocnut! It was simply amazing! This place is sadly pretty far from my house, but I will for sure be making the trip down there in the future to fulfill my ice cream needs. Now I know to always trust my gut for when a place looks good on the outside, most likely it will be amazing!
5	The quality of ice cream at Antney's is fantastic. Truly some of the best stuff I've ever had! They make it in house, and they have custom flavors so you know you won't be getting it anywhere else.The best part is they give you free samples of as many flavors as you want. I've abused the privilege many times, and they've done nothing but smile!The location sucks, but it's a small price to pay for quality ice cream :)
5	We love it, and they even have pup cups (nondairy) for dogs.  The ice cream is fresh and the spumoni is heavenly.  Give it a try!
