3	I found this place while trying to find the restaurant that Tony T. recommended. I was looking for Asian BBQ & Noodles on Jones, for some reason I couldn't find the restaurant, instead I saw this new opened place, that's when I realized I'm on Decatur and not on Jones. Still buzzed from last night's alcohol. Lol.I stopped by anyway to see what they offered. It's a pretty small place with a limited menu. They only have 15 different items. Yes that's right. 15 items. Kind of weird combination of selection as well. Their signature is listed below:Baked escargot in herbal butter - $6.50 Crispy shrimp spring rolls - $4.95Oxtail Soup - $7.50BBQ chicken w Rice/Pasta - $5.95Curry chicken rice - $4.95Hainan chicken w flavored rice - $6.95BBQ short rib w rice/pasta - $7.50Baked pork chop over rice/linguine - $6.95Baked mixed seafood linguini/rice - $7.50BBQ chicken sandwich - $5.95Grilled pork chop ion a bun - $5.95The best deal will be their curry rice. A really good amount of curry chicken rice for only $4.95. I tasted their curry earlier, taste pretty good. I also tried their milk tea, it was not good at all. The milk flavor is too strong compared with the tea. I will try most of their item in near future.For now I only give 3 stars, but once I try more of their food and if the flavor above standard, it will be an easy 4 stars.
3	I saw their ads in the Chinese newspaper as well, but didn't realized it was a new restaurant. Since I recalled seeing the name as I drive by Church's Chicken at Spring Mountain and Decature.I went during dinner time and the menu features more than the 15 items (which I assume is the lunch menu offerings).  Anyway, I was going to try the Curry Chicken as well, but ended up ordering something else.  Below is what I ordered and my thoughts on it.* Hainan Chicken (Steamed) with Flavored Rice - the chicken tastes good, but the meat is on the tough side. The rice is slightly flavored, and not the pronounced flavored rice I am used to having when ordering this elsewhere in the past.  ($6.95)* Garlic Crispy Chicken WIngs - 6 really plumped and crispy on the outside, yet still very moist on the inside chicken wings. The flavor is spot on for me, and is not too salty and with a nice but not overpowering garlicky taste.  Definitely the star of my dinner and worth trying again.  ($4.95)The restaurant is very tiny, the kitchen is probably the same size as the dining area.  When they are washing the pans in the back, you can totally hear it.  Also the decore is very minimalistic, with some pictures hung on the wall and a flat screen tv playing some Cantonese TV series.What I didn't care for: While I was eating, I guess the kitchen staff were on break and some decided to come and hang out in the front to relax or watch a little tv. They were just steps away from the table I was sitting at, so it felt like my personal space was being encroached.Overall, I considered this a 3 stars operation but their Garlic Crispy Chicken Wings is 5 stars!
3	Came back recently to get more of their bomb Garlic Crispy Chicken Wings and noticed that they also have a spicy version.  I opted to go with my old fav, and it did not disappoint.  I also ordered the Curry Chicken over Rice (you can also have it over noodles instead), and the curry was good.  However, the larger pieces of chicken were slightly undercooked, just the way the French Chefs like their poultry. If you need to brush up on your Chinese, drop in and watch some TV while you wait for your take out order or while you eat.
4	I couldn't help but be skeptical about the 3.5 star rating, but we were craving Hong Kong style food. I couldn't help but continue to be skeptical when I saw the menu and looked at the "apptizers" and "mike tea."Girlfriend and I both ordered the baked pork chop rice and it was... 3 stars. The fried rice was good and the pork chop was crisp and not oily and already sliced for you. Unfortunately, the tomatoey cheesy sauce had too much corn starch or something in it and I had to remove all the sauce. I was happy just eating the rice and pork chop.  The reason for the 4 stars is for the milk tea! Only $1.75 and the guy kept refilling my drink! For free! The milk tea is delicious and refreshing in the hot Vegas weather.
5	Taking advantage of the groupon coupon, we dined here for lunch.  It was a little before noon and not a single soul in the restaurant.  But soon after we ordered, the restaurant filled up.  This place is quite small with only handful of tables.  I ordered the curry beef with rice and my wife ordered their baked pork chop rice.  We also had deep fried chicken wings as our appetizer.  The chicken wings were okay, nothing special, but their curry beef and baked pork chop were quite good.   The curry beef was in a bowl with steamed rice at the side.  The baked pork chop rice was made with fried rice topped with sliced pork chop and baked with tomato sauce.  I also tasted some cheese inside the tomato sauce.  It was a little different than the normal baked pork chop that I am accustom to.  Normally the cheese is melted on top of the dish and not mixed inside the sauce, but not a bad taste at all.   You also get free refills on the milk tea and coffee/tea combos.  Quite a delightful lunch.  I must come back to try their other dishes.  The last time I was here, their menu selection was very limited.  Now, there are quite a few dishes to choose from.
4	Had the curry beef stew over rice, chow fun, singapore noodles, and chicken claypot rice.  The curry beef stew over rice was very good. Very tasty and not too spicy.  The chow fun was good too.  Singapore noodles were good but not as tasty compared to the beef stew.  The chicken claypot rice was kinda plain but still ok.  Good portions for everything, overall very satisfying.
4	I visited this cage twice within 24 hours during our trip to vegas.they are very reasonably priced and the food is surprisingly tasty.we sampled the garlic chicken wings, my husband liked it, but i thought i lacked a little flavor. the crispy garlic is good though.i really enjoyed the salted fish and chicken fried rice. and the portion was huge! they didnt skimp on the salted fish like most restaurants with is a big plus for me!i bought my dad some jook, since he wasnt feeling well, he had the salted pork with thousand year old egg porridge. it was pretty tasty, just enough saltiness and not too watery.At our later visit my dad had their curry beef? i dont know how it was but i assumed it was good since my dad finished it. we also had the beef chow fun, it was very good, a lot of flavor from the "fire" from the stove.there were a few more items we had, but overall i'm pretty pleased with this very small but cozy hole in a wall restaurant that is outside of the strip of vegas.and because its not on the strip, its not going to hurt your wallet eating so much!
