4	This place is an awesome place to go for unwinding or happy hour. The setting is relaxing!  Bartenders are great but the manager (Kim) is not friendly at all.  That is not good in a customer service / hospitality industry.  It would have earned five stars otherwise but the interaction with manager was not positive.
5	This place is awesome, all the time. It's casual, fast, super friendly, good food and  always great service. Thank you Wigwam, for always doing a good job!Lots of outdoor seating, garden like setting, beautiful landscape, pool, fire pit, fountains, and often live music.  The menu is on the smaller side, but this place is a hidden gem.
4	Nice place for happy hour which runs until 6 PM, although a traditional cocktail will still set you back $9, there are drink specials. Five food items are available for $5 and offer a nice light dinner option. I recently had the ruben sliders and would absolutely recommend them! You get two 2.5" sandwiches on a tasty pretzel bun and a handful of fries.
2	The food here was not good and left much to be desired! Flavorless and bland. Plus the service was rude!
5	Stopped in last night for happy hour. The staff is superb! From the valets to the barkeep, everyone was so professional and courteous. I can't comment on the food since we had two drinks and left. We wandered around on our way to the car and the building and decorations are beautiful.
3	I really enjoy the atmosphere at the Wigwam. The food is good, the atmosphere is nice, and the servers are attentive. My husband and I have one complaint, however. We visit resorts all over the Valley, and the Wigwam is the only resort that requires that our credit card be held, prior to being served. Last night we visited, and we handed over the credit card before we ate. At the end of the night, the other party paid for the bill. However, the waitress never returned our credit card and we forgot to ask for it. We now have to make a special trip over to the Wigwam to pick it up. We won't return to a resort that requires a credit card before we're served.
1	I feel bad for giving this one star, as MOST of the servers and bartenders were excellent. However, tonight.... we were there after my best friend's wedding, which was at the resort (which I will also write a review for, and will be MUCH better than this review). We arrived there at midnight, having been told by the wedding coordinator that they will stay open until two. We sat down at the large fire pit. Not two seconds after we sat down, I guess some sort of incident/ bar fight happened. Not at all the fault of the bar, I get that and I'm not blaming anyone for that. What I DID NOT appreciate was the aftermath and how the situation was handled. First off, a server named Kay came over and RUDELY said "I'm turning this off" (fire pit) and said the bar's closed, you have to leave. The bride explained we had been told the bar was open until 2. Kay responded "Honey, I don't make the hours." Maybe Kay was having a bad day, maybe Kay was told by a manager that we couldn't be there.... I don't care. But don't speak that way to a bride at your resort!!NEXT... we sat there for another couple of minutes because we weren't aware of the incidient/bar fight occuring feet away from us and because we figured we would um... FINISH OUR DRINKS and then leave. Some security guard walks over, looks straight at the bride, and says "You were asked to leave and you have to go now"My best friend left IN TEARS. IN TEARS!!! She ended her wedding night crying because she was yelled at by staff members of this resort, and felt she had been lied to since she was told the bar closed at 2. Her sister, a close family friend, and myself stayed behind to speak to a manager about the way she was treated. This is when we spoke to Krysta. Might have got the spelling wrong on her name.... but really who cares if I spell her name wrong... she was SO DISREPECTFUL of the bride's sister and our family friend who was being very respectful and explaining that we simply wanted something done. I just wanted a freaking apology! She got someone else to come over, Cheri. Cheri was nice and helped us out. It DID take her an hour.. which to me was a wasted hour that she or Krysta could have already gone out and apologized to the bride. When I pointed this out to Krysta, her response was "well an apology isn't going to do any good at this point"UM... YES IT IS! It will show that you actually care that a BRIDE at your resort had a bad experience. Krysta tried using so many excuses and was so rude to us every step of the way. I worked in customer service for 12 years and I understand when things are out of your control. I understand snapping at people.... and for that reason I don't really blame Kay for responding the way she did. And I appreciate Cheri trying to help. But Krysta... there is no excuse for her. She's supposed to be a manager. Managers have calm and courteous demeanors... NOTHING like hers. I am just so appalled at how the whole situation was handled, Cheri made it right at the end but it never should have gotten to the point that it did. It was not our fault an incident happened with another party and it was certainly not our responsiblity to read minds and know exactly what was happening and know that we were somewhere we weren't supposed to be. A much simpler way tto approach it, for both the security guard and Kay, would have been to say "I'm sorry ladies but we have an incident going on so we are going to have to have you leave this area." Doesn't take a genius to figure that out!
