5	I love this place. It's small, but I've had great service there twice. The clothing selection isn't that big, but there's usually some nice discounts. And if you're looking for good running/exercise sneaks, this sure beats those bigger chain type places, especially if you're already a New Balance lover like me. In summary, great products, solid service and nice deals.
5	I mentor a child that is starting cross-country at his high school and needed new running shoes. We came here and were greeted by Josh who didn't waste any time getting down to business and running test on my child to make sure we got the best shoe for his feet and style of running.  Josh knew a lot about the shoes and running in general, which was a nice change of pace considering the previous store we had been to where the employees were clueless about the products they were selling.  My child was given shoes to try on that were affordable (not the most expensive shoes in the store) and good quality.  He loved his new shoes and was happy with the overall experience.  He was even given a discount because the shoes were for a high school sport, awesome!I will come back to this store.
1	I had a feeling before stepping foot (how about that for a quick pun!) into this store that the prices were going to drive me away. I was also expecting a lot more footwear options. I was correct on the price, wrong on the selection.The wall of shoes is very lacking. I have a big and wide foot with a fairly shitty flat arch so I constantly have trouble finding a shoe that: A) fits, and B) looks decent. This store had a handful of shoes that were in the 4E width I need, but not many in a style/color scheme that didn't look like it was designed by a hardcore raver in the peak of his acid trip.The man running the store was very friendly at first, but quickly pissed me off because without even looking at my foot he said the foot size I told him I had wasn't true. Guy, I've had my foot for a long time, I'm pretty sure I know my size. But whatever...he measures it and surprise surprise, my foot is the size I said it is. So he starts showing me the few models in stock that will fit, none of which really float my boat. He then proceeds to tell me I need to wear a size smaller so my toes smash and strain against the toe of the shoe. Yea, no. I'm going to be doing a lot of running and working out in these shoes and I don't need any sort of discomfort. I'd rather buy slightly bigger than slightly smaller. I was never explained the reasoning, but he tried polishing it as a Mr. Wizard statement, thou I took it as an answer from Dr. Stupid (I really miss Ren & Stimpy).I try on the shoes...and look, I haven't worked many retail jobs in my life, but I know better than to talk about religion or politics with a potential customer. This guy didn't get that memo. While I'm walking around he starts talking about Obama and Gingrich and that other guy with the million dollar haircut. Another thing I hate is forced sales practices. The shoes felt good in the width and arch, not in the length since he's cramming my foot into this too small shoe. I ask him about a larger size but he says no. OK. Then he proceeds to say "So do you want to wear them out? And will it be cash or charge?" Slow your role guy, who said shit about me buying these...you won't even bring out the size I requested or need. Just out of curiosity I ask how much there are. Without batting an eye he quotes $139. $139?!?! It's a mid-tier New Balance running shoe, what are you high, I'm not paying that! I pull out my phone and look them up online and I find the same model shoe, in a better color actually, on Amazon and Zappos for $76. That's almost half the price. So I pry the shoes off and hand them back to him and tell him thanks for his time. He still forces the sale, I tell him no thanks, he gets pissy and says fine, the shoes you have will destroy your feet. You'd think for as much as he overprices these shoes he'd be able to afford the non-sour grapes.
4	I haven't ran more than 2 miles sine high school, back when I was in track & field, but now I'm a bit older and a bit more financially stable that I could invest in a decent pair of running shoes. Coming into Performance Footwear I knew that the prices I would be paying would definitely be more than what it cost at Amazon, Zappos, and maybe even Sport Chalet, but you know what.. I like to support the smaller businesses even if its going to cost a bit more. Tom (the owner I think), was pretty friendly, had me run on the treadmill to look at my running patterns, my foot's pronation, etc. Had me try on a couple pairs of shoes based on that and my uber flat feet and adjusted to what felt most comfortable. Had me looking at the Asics Nimbus, but woo that was a bit over my price range and I told him that, so we adjusted and he special ordered a pair of Asics Cumulus in a 2E width. Remember to use the Yelp Deal it saved me a bit. Overall I was pretty satisfied with my purchase and the owner's knowledge was definitely superior to some guy at Sport Chalet who works on a hourly wage. Only gripe is that my order was 2-3 days over what day he told me to come in and pick them up. Not immediately their fault as shipping can take a while.. but it would be nice to get a call to let me know they're going to take a bit longer.
5	My son recommended that I go to performance footwear, as they had fit his running shoes as well as his girlfriend's shoes. They were both happy, so I thought I'd give it a try, although my experience with running shoes had always been problematic. My feet are wide and I have very high arches. My husband and I walked into the store and were helped by a young lady shoe specialist, who first determined what I needed, and then I began trying on the shoes with her help. She even let me walk outside with the shoes on to see what I thought. Near the end of our shoe journey, another young lady shoe specialist, who was also very helpful came over to help. I asked her about socks, and she recommended some. I was so happy I found such comfy shoes that didn't hurt my toes! I love my shoes and my socks and now my feet don't hurt when I'm on the treadmill! By the way, I had read in one of the reviews that their prices were out of line. So untrue! While I was there, I scanned the barcode of my shoes on my app, and found the price on the internet at several stores. My shoes cost less at Performance Footwear! Only 1 penny less, but hey! When you consider the personal attention, fitting, and diagnosis of pronating feet, it was amazing that they didn't charge more. I only paid $99.99 and online they sold for an even $100. Of course, I had also purchased the $10 Yelp coupon which saved me $20 off their price, making my shoes only $89.99 (including the coupon cost)!I never, ever write reviews online, but felt I had to, I'm so happy with Performance Footwear. I highly recommend this store!
5	This is a small store which means you may not have the selection of a big chain store. This is more than made up for by the stellar customer service. I am also a fan of the 10 day policy - if the shoes don't work, bring 'em back.
4	After having some custom orthotics made for me, my podiatrist he sent me up to this place.The young lady that helped me out was very knowledgeable and had no problem grabbing several shoes to let me try on several brands and types. After a dozen or so shoes we found a great fit. She took the time to re lace them and show me a different way to tie them to avoid a problem I was having. Sounds simple I know, but man it made all the difference when you walk 10+ miles a day at work like I do.I got a great discount on the shoes so I paid even less than I would have online. all WIN.She did so great I went back the following day to grab another pair of shoes for pure cross training and again, got a great pair of shoes at a great price.Avoid the huge chains, support a smaller spot, and get great service in the process.
4	Stopped in the store to see there selection and get to know the local running store in the area. They carry a nice selection for a small store. The sales lady was very friendly and knowledgeable. She provided a gait review and was very low pressure about buying shoes.
5	Great place they really help me out on everything I needed I called in advance to see if they had my size and they were more than helpful and when I arrived at the location they had my shoes ready I will come back more often and great prices
5	I heard about this place from a friend who like me has just begun her weight loss/fitness journey.  She swore by her great experience while buying a new pair of athletic shoes.  I decided to stop by this place today and possibly purchase a new pair of training shoes.  Immediately, I was welcomed by store owner, Tom who was extremely friendly, informative, thorough, and patient.  Tom requested for me to walk on a treadmill that is in his store in order to assess my feet, width, arches, etc. He also measured my feet and informed me that like most people, I have one foot bigger than the other.  After trying on numerous pair of shoes and walking around the store a few times, I finally found a perfect pair of shoes for my athletic needs.  I was even able to purchase the store $20.00 coupon for $10.00 (on Yelp's website) using Tom's computer.  I walked out of the store paying a wonderful price for a quality athletic shoe, received outstanding customer service, and was informed by Tom that for whatever reason that my new shoes may not be a good fit that I have 10 days to return the shoes.  I would strongly recommend this place to everyone.
5	The service I got here was so above and beyond what I'm used to that it has inspired me to write my first review on here ever.First, I want to say that yes, it will always be cheaper to buy these shoes online. You know it and the owner knows it, and that's why he provides services like the running analysis to encourage you to come into his store.  The prices are all in line with the MSRPs and I don't know about anyone else but I would personally rather spend a little more and know the money is going to one of my neighbors than save money and have it all go to some faceless Amazon shareholder. Anyway, my first visit was a week ago and I was helped by a younger woman whose name I never got. She was extremely helpful and even though the store was fairly busy when I walked in, always made me feel acknowledged and never rushed any of the customers she was working with. I walked out confident that I had found the right shoe for me.Unfortunately the shoe I initially bought didn't have enough support for the exercises I was doing, so I came back in today to exchange. Tom, the owner, helped me and I couldn't have had a better experience. He took my exchange without a bit of scrutiny and when I told him what my issues were he came right back with an arm full of shoes that would solve my problem. I ended up leaving the store with a pair of shoes that were actually cheaper than the ones I had initially bought. I don't think I'll have any more issues in the near future, but I know they will be handled professionally and courteously if I do.If you're looking for some new athletic shoes then you should definitely consider bringing your business here.
5	I was looking for a pair of shoes for my father in law. Since his feet get quite swollen finding shoes for him was impossible. He'd either only lace up 3 holes or he'd cut the elastic sides.  We walked in and were pleasantly greeted. Once it was our turn the man measured his feet, including the width and told us so much about what the measurements meant and what shoe would fit him the best. The shoes were a bit pricey but will last. We got great service and the RIGHT shoe. Would absolutely recommend them.
5	Never seen an owner provide more information, listen and genuinely care for his customers the way he did.My girlfriend and I went there to get her some new running shoes and as we walked in, he greeted us with a big smile and a welcoming attitude.  He asked very specific questions, then asked some situational questions and came to the conclusion that she had plantar fasciitis.  Then he prompted her to get on the treadmill and took video of her running which he later reviewed with us pointing out some issues with her running that the right pair of shoes would help.After trying on a few shoes, he started pointing out some of the features of each that would help her.  Eventually we settled on a pair, we paid, chatted for a few more, then left.  Upon exiting, we realized that we had shown up about 10 minutes before he closed and recalled that the first thing he had eagerly said was "come on in, how can I help?" with a big smile.  We left 30 minutes after he closed.  The only thing I wish we would have done was tip him for staying extra just for us.Need quality shoes from a knowledgeable salesman?  This is definitely the place to go!
5	With the advent of internet-based business-to-person commerce and the growing pervasiveness of category-specific mass merchandisers a stark dilemma has evolved: what is the value of service?  My recent experience at Performance Footwear epitomized this.  After visiting virtually every athletic shoe chain for an all-around shoe that would fit me and being wholly unsuccessful in my endeavor, I found this store, which was much closer to my home then any of those mall-based shops, via Yelp.Performance Footwear's proprietor, Tom Buck, must have spent a half-hour or more, having me try on numerous pairs and explaining to me the reasons behind the costing of $150+ models vs. $50 ones, until it became obvious that what I needed was a special order, which he would gladly obtain for me.Being an inveterate shopper, I subsequently discovered that this particular New Balance shoe in a non-standard (more narrow) width was also obtainable -- at a price $15 less -- on Amazon.com.  Nonetheless, I did not cancel my order with Tom and go with Amazon.  Why?I believe it is essential that service be rewarded or else it will disappear, and more stores like the one Tom owns will close due to the lack of business.  There is no doubt in my mind that the information Tom conveyed and the professional focus he provided to the solution of my shoe-fitting problem was worth the price differential.  He truly earned my business.
5	The only place to go for a proper shoe fitting and run analysis in Las Vegas!  Tom and his staff ALWAYS take care of me and my boot campers. Don't go anywhere else!
5	Shopping here was wonderful! The gal in the store analyzed my running and fit me with a shoe that I think will work great for half marathons and other training. She was very friendly and polite, and took her time even when my slightly-differently-sized feet were causing a problem. :)Also, the prices are very reasonable.
5	I have been active for many years as both a runner - in the mid-80s, when I significantly hurt my knees in my first 10K with the wrong shoes! - and with personal trainers for the last 10 years.  Because of my knee/hip issues I only work on the elliptical for cardio so there is no impact on the knees.  About 18 months ago I went to New Balance minimalist shoes, lighter and less supportive than regular cross trainers, and have injured my planter facia twice, once in March and the tore it in July.  My podiatrist recommended new shoes and orthotics, hence Performance Shoes.  I walked into the store, was greeted by Brandi, and spent more than an hour discussing my issues, the various shoe options, and wore 5 different pairs and walked in each of them - including wearing two different shoes, one on each foot, to compare.  The level of customer service is incredible, better than anything I have experienced shoe-buying before, and I am a big fan of this store.  I highly recommend them.
5	What a great place to purchase shoes! As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a member of their sales staff. I was then told to walk on their treadmill while a video of my stride was taken. Brandi then analyzed the way I walked. She then looked at the substandard shoes that I was wearing. She then had me try on many types of shoes, that she recommended. I was able to order a pair a shoes, after she showed me a new way to lace my shoes, which prevented pressure on the middle of my foot. Today I picked up my new shoes, and was waited on by Kelly. She had called to tell me my shoes had arrived. It is great to find a place that has a knowledgeable and friendly staff that knows the meaning of excellent customer service. This place deserves more than 5 stars. This will be the place where I will continue to purchase shoes. What a job well done!
5	So there's this guy named Tom...what an amazing shoe man! He was so attentive to my Mother's needs, who has always had a hard time finding a shoe that fits right.  This store can find a shoe for you no matter how 'big' a foot challenge you have. He is probably like the blast from the past....leave it to beaver times...best...I mean absolute best customer caring person I have ever met. I discovered him on Yelp just by checking out local deals. This was a great discovery! Thanks Yelp! And thank you Tom!
5	First place I've ever gone for shoes. My wife has been to many, and said this was the nicest place she's ever been to. I would recommend an appointment, since the owner was there and his gal put me right on the treadmill, did a video analysis, and knew immediately why my knees were bothering me after she saw the shoe I was currently in.We tried on about seven different types of shoes, and then settled on my brand. They give a ten day return policy; whether you've worn them or not. Knees have felt so much better since I bought my new shoes. One and only place in town we will go for shoes in the future. Cheers to local business!!
5	went here based on the good reviews from previous posts. I can not stress enough how EXTREAMLY knowledgeable the staff was here. I had my run shown to be and then was vetted with many different types of shoes intended to correct my profile. in the end I left with the most comfortable running shoes I have ever wore.  But even more valuable was the knowledge I was left with.
5	Tom is amazing and performance foot wear is the only place I will ever buy shoes again!! After making a video of me walking and jogging on his treadmill we sat down and he explained everything about the way I walk.  He measured my feet and brought out the most comfortable athletic shoes I've ever worn!  Tom is such a wealth of knowledge, he listened to every complaint about my feet and answered every question.  Not only did we buy my shoes but my husband had his gait and feet measured and he got a pair too!
5	I went in today for the first time looking for crossfit shoes. The staff was so knowledge. I tried on a few different pairs and narrowed down my choice. They then suggested another similar shoe. So many great choices. The staff was so helpful and patient. They also offered to show me all of the color options and would gladly order in a pair if they didn't have it in stock. I will be buying all of my athletic shoes from here from now on. Awesome store and staff.
4	Great sales associated with ample knowledge of feet and shoes. They do not work on commission and will do what it takes to make sure you get the right pair of shoes. The prices are a little higher than you might find online, but it's worth it to have the knowledge.
