5	Dr. J is the best in every sense of the word. I have been going to him for about 16 years.His staff has the best service of any office I know of. If you call with questions they are great. They work hard at scheduling my whole family so we get our teeth cleaned at the same time 2 times a year. We travel about 30 miles to see him because he is that good. He is an honest Doctor who works very hard to prevent any major teeth problems. He has a gentle demeanor and is great with kids. My daughter had her first cavity last year and she never realized she had had a shot in her gums. I was amazed.
5	Simply put, Dr. Justesen is the best dentist I've ever met! Just got back from his office, and was totally impressed by him and his entire staff. They are so kind, caring, professional, friendly...I can go on and on.I live in Chicago, but was in Arizona for business when I felt a problem with one of my teeth. I checked out his reviews on yelp and decided to take the plunge and head over.Let me just say, it's been a long while since I've been to a dentist, and I'm terrified of them. But from the first second I walked in the door, everyone I encountered put me at ease! Liz was awesome at the front desk, Holly was great and was a trooper for having to take so many x-rays of my teeth! And Dr. Justesen was tremendous - as expected, I have some major issues that need to be fixed, but he never talked down to me or made me feel uncomfortable. He took the time to explain everything, what course of action I should take and what I need to do at home.My only wish is that this group was based in Chicago! If you're looking for a dentist in the Phoenix area, you can't go wrong with Dr. Justesen!
5	Found Dr. Justesen on Yelp. I haven't been to a dentist in YEARS. Fearing the worse I made the appointment. I have to take antibiotics before dental appointments because of medical condition. The woman I talked to on the phone was very helpful and double checked I had everything all set. Dr. Justesen and his staff were very friendly and informative. In and out with only a teeth cleaning and x-rays. Woohoo!
5	Everyone thinks I'm weird because I actually enjoy going to the dentist. It's because I've gone to Dr. J. since I was 5! (I'm 25!) He is amazing and his staff is incredible too.  They are always so friendly and welcoming! They do excellent work and dont do unnecessary things.  I'm always nervous about x-rays and they also ease my worries.  They also have new hi-tech x-rays that are so quick and painless.  The first person you'll meet is Liz, she runs the front office.  She is such a good example of what's to come.  Very friendly and welcoming and always professional.I've always used insurance but I've sent a few people to him that don't have insurance and they've said it was affordable.  I happily refer friends to Dr. J. all the time and each and every one of them has thanked me.  If you're looking for a dentist, this is the one!! I don't even live in AZ anymore but my family does and since I'm there twice a year, I go when I'm in town.
5	Dr. J is the best.  He cares and treats every client like family.  My wife and I both trust Dr. J explicitly. Liz is amazing.  She has gone above and beyond for us on multiple occasions.  The entire staff is so professional, so caring, so friendly, that I look forward to getting my teeth cleaned.  Thank you Dr. J!!!  If you need a Dentist, look no further, they are as good as it gets.
5	Dr. J is great.  He truly cares about his patients; he cares about me.  My wife and I love the office, Liz is amazing!!  I highly recommend Dr. Justesen.Kenny
5	Having lost the gene pool lottery, I have some ridiculous health problems that are very hard on my teeth.  As a result of this Dr J has placed 7 crowns for me in the last 2 years along with filling several cavities so I have extensive experience with him and his staff.I've seen about half a dozen dentists in my lifetime and he is hands down the best.  Everyone in the office is very friendly and considerate and they do first rate work.  I will likely move out of Arizona soon, but will be sure to make an appointment with Dr J anytime I come back to AZ.
