5	Brandon at ProCare is by far the most knowledgeable Chiropractor I have ever encountered. Plus, he has a wonderful personality.  I work in the medical field and have referred patients to him, as well as had my own wrist treated by him. Excellent results with everyone.  I love that he uses ART and Graston techniques in combination with his chiropractic techniques. He really understands the body and how it works. I recommend anyone needing chiropractic care to call ProCare.
5	I envy anyone living in Scottsdale that has the opportunity to be treated by Dr. Boothe at Procare! Dr. Boothe was the only chiropractor that I would seek treatment from when he used to be in San Jose. Prior to being treated by Dr. Boothe, I had some bad experiences with other chiropractors; most of them just seemed to do a crack job and always wanted me to come back several times a week. Dr. Boothe focused on treating the areas where I had pain or other problems. He focused on the muscles that contributed to the pain and used techniques such as A.R.T. and Graston. Aside from being a skilled, knowledgable chiropractor, Dr. Boothe is also a really great guy, friendly and genuinely concerned for making people feel better.
5	Dr. Boothe (Brandon) is excellent in classic chiropractic care. Smooth fluid movements and his stature allows him to leverage weight/angle for great adjustments, especially if you are a bigger person like me. He is also great at ART (active release technique) and Graston techniques, which if you are unfamiliar, are ways to clear scar tissue to allow for proper healing/movement of stubborn muscle groups. He's treated me for shin splints and hip tightness.When I heard that Brandon was moving to Scottsdale to start his own company (he treated me while at SCORE in San Jose), I wasn't sure how to feel. On one hand I was happy for him to go start a business to provide for his family and on the other I was sad to lose a friendly guy who could get a *POP* when others couldn't. Scottsdale now has an excellent Chiropractor / Sports Medicine resource, go and get results at Procare!
5	Dr. Boothe is by far the most effective Chiropractor I've been to ! I've had a frozen shoulder injury from weight training that he has corrected and his techniques to help my lower back bulged disc have been the most effective for relief ! Ive been to PTs and Chiros for years and none have shown me techniques like his ! If you have these issues I wouldn't go anywhere else
5	Dr. Boothe is one of the best Chiro's I have ever been to! I was desperately in need for some ART therapy due to a plethora of back, hip, shoulder, neck and forearm pain. I was feeling much less discomfort and much greater mobility after just one session and have had great results overall after just a few weeks of treatment. Dr. Boothe is no nonsense, straight to the point and you won't be sold on months and months of treatment. I would highly recommend ProCare to anyone from kids to pro athletes.
5	Honest and Profesional are just a few words to describe Dr. Boothe. I am 30 weeks pregnant with my second child and came to Dr. Boothe for hip discomfort. It has been so bad that it keeps me up all night. Since I started treatment, we have experimented with different treatment options and found the one that worked best for me. Because of his wonderful care, I have been able to sleep better at night and have found relief. From the moment you walk in he makes you feel welcome. He is very passionate and knowledge about what he does. If you are looking for a wonderful chiropractor call PROCARE.  Thank you Dr. Boothe!
5	Dr. Boothe is awesome!!!  He is one of the best chiropractors I have EVER been to.  His knowledge of sports injuries is incredible.  I have suffered from knee and hip pain for over 10 years.  I worked with him for a few sessions and felt immediate relief.  The Graston techniques worked wonders on my knees and his knowledge of deep tissue release made an incredible difference in my hip movement.  He is great because there is NO up selling. . .he is very straight forward in his approach. . .which I love.  In addition, he is compassionate and an overall GREAT guy!  If you are looking for a great chiropractor look no further. . .you have found one in Dr. Boothe!
5	Dr. Brandon Boothe does excellent work!  My 17 year old daughter and I both see Dr. Boothe.  My daughter has severe neck pain and he has been the only one able to give her any relief.  She had seen another chiropractor, a physical therapist, and and MD-none of which helped.  Dr. Boothe's methods began easing her pain after the first visit!  For my much older than 17 year old body, I had been having consistent pain in my Achille's tendon as well as knee and foot pain.  By first attending to my tendon and then working his way up my legs, Dr. Boothe has negated my heel pain and is now working on the other parts of my body that caused the pain to start.  I would (and have) refer any member of my family or my best friend to see Dr. Boothe.  He is completely up front about what he can and cannot do to help a situation and he really wants to make sure you are making progress with his treatments!
5	Being a Division I college coach I understand the importance of keeping your body at peak performance for competition.  Dr. Brandon knows the techniques and adjustments that need to be made in order to keep your body in tune for peak performance.  I highly recommend him for his knowledge, professionalism and his genuine care that he has given me.  I am very sad he is no longer in California but it is definitely Arizona's gain.
5	Dr. Boothe is awesome! We just moved here from Vegas and were looking for a new ART guy when we happened on Procare. I just had a baby and was dealing with some posture issues as well. I had immediate relief from pregnancy related issues. What is great about Dr. Boothe is that he's given me exercises that will eventually improve the root problems.
