5	We used Tru Cab last night to take us to our 16th anniversary celebration dinner and back home.I used their website to schedule the pickup and they communicated with me and helped make sure we had a great night.The cab was clean.  Our driver was awesome.Nicest taxi service I've used in Phoenix.  We will be using them again in the future!
5	We used this cab service Friday night from a bar in Old Town Scottsdale. Not only was the cab driver prompt and professional, but he was also hilarious! He scooped my friend and I up and safely drove our wasted selves home. I was stoked that he was so quick to come get us!I will definitely use their service again.
5	Visting the Phoenix area I used their website to book a cab from our resort to the Airport.  They called to confirm all information, and arrived promptly.  The driver was very nice and the cab was clean.  The IPAD was a nice touch.Will use again when I am in the Phoenix area
5	Friday night and I needed a cab... I saw the line of gypsy cabs outside Pattie's and knew that wasn't going to cut it.I remembered I had bookmarked this biz when I saw their Yelp deal, so in my slightly tiptastic state I scrolled through my Yelp app and dialed them up.  Larry, the driver, showed in less than the quoted 10 minutes and actually managed to find where I was waiting with my notably less than steller directions.  ...I didn't want anyone trying to steal my cab, so I had "cleverly" moved off to the side in the back.The cab got me from Point A to Point B in a direct manner, the driver was polite, it didn't smell funny... andddd I got to pay all fast with Square (nifty text receipt included) vs. 5 minutes waiting on the dialup or hand writing process if you dare to offer a cabby a CC instead of cash in AZ!  It's a cab, it doesn't get much better than that.I'm keeping this biz bookmarked, I'd much rather support a local business venture than haggle over fairs any day.P.S. The driver also blasted the AC without complaint... its surprising in this super hot weather how many cabs have "broken AC" or "can't turn it up".  Come onnnn.  As a carsick prone person in any state of sobriety, I figured this was worth mentioning.
5	These guys are awesome.  I've never had a bad experience at all.  We live in San Tropez and always take advantage of the $5 cab ride anywhere in Old Town (only if you live in Old Town).  Larry and Spanky are the only two drivers they have right now and they are still fast and reliable.  The cabs are always clean and smelling great, except when Spanky is in there (haha, just kidding buddy).  I wish this company nothing but the best and I will continue to call them when I need a ride.
5	I used Tru Cab on a very early morning ride to the airport last week.  Larry was right on time and as jolly as anyone can be at 5am!  The rates were fair (I used the $10 for $20 deal) and just couldn't ask for better.  Thanks Tru Cab and thank you Larry!!
5	Prompt and courteous service, spotless car and impressive driver!  Best taxi service we have had in Phoenix.
5	Fast, clean and courteous. Best cab service in the valley.
5	Best cab EVER. Larry and Sofeni (hope I spelled that ok) are wonderful. I will never call any other cab service. Clean, nice cab, courteous service. Prompt! Calls to confirm! You have to use them. You will be very satisfied!
4	I needed a ride to the airport so I scheduled a pick up the night before on their website.  I got a call within about 30 minutes to confirm from a friendly, well spoken guy at Tru Cab.  I was impressed.  The next morning I got a confirmation call from the driver about an hour before he was scheduled to arrive.  Impressed again.  The driver was on time, very polite/professional and got me to the airport with plenty of time to spare.  I had purchased their Yelp deal which covered most of my fare and paid the rest via credit card (very cool that they accept credit card payments via Square).  It's clear that Tru Cab puts their customers first and focuses genuinely on customer service.  I've already programed their number into my phone for when I need a taxi in the future!
5	Seriously wish I can give this company more stars!! The BEST cab company around, first time I tried I called the number on their site, driver confirmed via phone and they use Square if you only have a credit card .Dave was the second driver that picked me up and he is my regular driver (don't have a car at the moment.) Super nice, always on time and one of the friendliest person I have ever met.If you see a red car that says "TruCab" use them and recommend them to your friends!  BTW, if you need a ride for an early morning flight, they provide complimentary coffee and donuts, no joke. HOW AWESOME IS THAT.
5	Called them and scheduled a pick up at downtown phoenix at 2:50pm.  I stressed that they need to be on time because I need to make it to the airport on time.  The driver arrived 8 minutes early and told me he'll wait and I can just come out at 2:50pm.  Very very courteous guy.  The ride to the airport was smooth and it cost wayyy cheaper than SkyHarbor cab.  Very good experience, will use their service again if I"m in Phoenix.
5	Fantastic. Larry, our driver (and the founder of TruCab), was so kind, the service so professional, and the rate so reasonable.  This company stands out to me as one of a kind.  They were prompt, friendly and made you feel like you were a valued customer, not just a driving assignment.  We will absolutely be using TruCab whenever we are in the greater Phoenix area.  The BEST we have encountered!  Thanks Larry and TruCab!
5	Used these guys to shuttle us from Scottsdale to Cardinals stadium for a football game and back. Gave us a great deal and both drivers were punctual, professional and courteous. Just call Trucab and be done with it.
5	Came early, super nice driver who charged me less knowing I was a college student. And they don't take longer routes to charge you more like Discount Cab. Rates a bit higher than others, but better to be safe than sorry.
5	Very friendly.  Polite.  On time.  Clean.  What else do you need to know about a cab company?
3	The driver was really nice but he had to call me a couple of times for directions to my house.
5	After seeing Tru Cab's 18 5-star reviews, I decided to give them a call when I needed to get to the airport. I called in the morning for a same-day pick up that afternoon. The guy on the other end was very helpful and friendly. He called to confirm about an hour before I needed to leave. The car was on time, and it was the cleanest, best-smelling cab I've ever been in...did I really just say that?  The driver was friendly, and shared some "cabbie routes" with me on how to best get around the immediate area. I was able to pay via Square which was also cool, and eliminated cash and coin being tossed around. I'm using Tru Cab next time I need a ride somewhere.
2	I called Tru Cab when I got stuck outside Durant's waiting for my scheduled cab, that was already 25 minutes late. I was told that, since the drivers are independent contractors, the cab company couldn't guarantee an ETA on a pick-up time. The very nice gentleman I spoke with said, "All I can do is send out the request & someone will call you if they're in the area & available." Which they did, after I was halfway home-- I was lucky enough to flag down another taxi.
2	I really wanted to give this cab co. a great rating as our driver was on time, the cab was clean, smelled nice, it was easy to pay by cc and booking the cab online was super easy, however after getting into the cab and finding that two of the seatbelt's were missing and the driver herself was not wearing a seat belt I couldn't wait to get to our destination. I would definitely not book with them again.
5	I also booked through Tru Cab after seeing their great reviews. I needed a ride to the airport early in the morning (around 5:30am) and booked for a pickup the day before I needed to leave on the website. I received a call within the hour confirming my pickup, which was great. The morning of, the cab driver called 30 minutes prior to pickup to confirm also confirmed the number of coffees and donuts we requested and whether we wanted cream and sugar. That's right, if you book before 9am you receive complimentary coffee and donuts. I thought this was a really nice extra that sets them apart. The driver arrived 5 minutes early, took us the fastest route to the airport, was not creepy, and we were able to pay with a credit card with no issues. Also, cab smelled and looked clean. I would absolutely use Tru Cab again, and definitely recommend it if you are looking for a prompt, cost efficient, professional cab service.
4	Update to my last review. Shortly after I wrote my review I was contacted by Eric an owner of the company. He was very apologetic and refunded my cab fare. Obviously he is concerned about their customer service. He assured me that the cab was fixed immediately and the drivers were advised to not let that happen again.  I will definitely give this cab service a try in the future. Thank you Eric!
1	This hurts to write a bad review for a company that made a good first impression, but I was left in a major bind so I have to do it.About 2 weeks ago, I had scheduled an early morning pick-up at my house for a ride to the airport last Friday morning. I double-confirmed everything with their office, and was told I would receive a confirmation call the day before, and also a call 30 minutes before my scheduled pick up at 4:30am. I received neither. I ended up calling them the night before because I did not have a good feeling, and also before the scheduled pick up time, and no one ever answered their phone. I left 2 voicemails stating the details of the situation, and never received any call back. I was left to drive my wife and I to the airport at the last minute, and ended up having to pay much more in long-term econo parking than my taxi ride was supposed to have been. Not sure if they lost my revervation or what, but I would at least think they would've returned my calls.
3	I live in old town on Hayden and just South of Indian School, best cab driver and company ever.  They take you anywhere in old town for $5.00 they're prompt and they know the area well, not that it's that hard.  I keep them on speed dial super cheap and the best!Ps. They don't always answer their phone, that can be ANNOYING
5	Ridiculously convenient and well-priced.  I would order a taxi after having a few too many drinkies and needed a ride home.  Your drivers were always kind and on time.  Best in Scottsdale.
3	After my initial 1-star update, TruCab took responsibility for their mistake. All I was interested in was them acknowledging the situation and making it right on my part, and they did just that. Other businesses could take a lesson or two from these guys in making their customers their #1 priority, and turning a bad situation into a good one.
5	Perfect experience. I made an online reservation the day before I needed a 4:30 a.m. pick-up for SkyHarbor. They called to confirm shortly after (offered coffee and doughnuts, which I passed on), and called exactly a half hour before the pick up as a reminder. The cab (minivan) was super clean and the driver very courteous. Overall, a great experience.
5	I don't usually review, but I have had just such a positive experience with this company. I received a confirmation phone call shortly after booking online, and a phone call exactly thirty minutes before the scheduled pickup time. The driver was on time, enthusiastic, and a pleasure to chat with on the ride from Scottsdale to Sky Harbor. Donut + coffee was also an added bonus. Due to my own scattered brain I lost the receipt for the cab ride and the company was incredibly helpful in getting a print out send to me. I have struggled with other companies and shared van services in nearly every major city in America (I travel a lot for business) and it was Tru-ly a pleasure using Tru Cab. I found the prices completely fair, and when it comes to travelling a convenient, reliable cab company can make all the difference to your stress level. If I ever find myself in Phoenix again, I know I'll use them.
5	I called to inquire whether Tru Cab was able to drop off and pick up at the Mesa Gateway airport.  Larry answered the phone and said that at this time, Tru Cab is able to drop passengers off but unable to pick them up at Mesa Gateway,  Larry wanted to investigate a bit further to ensure that this information was still accurate, and said he would call me the next day to give me an update.  Sure enough, Larry called the next day and confirmed that they are working on being able to pick passengers up at Gateway, but for now the company can only drop off passengers.  I was so impressed with Larry and the fact that he took the extra time to make sure the information he was providing me was up to date.  I was very happy with his outstanding customer service.We will be needing a ride to and from Sky Harbor Airport in August for an upcoming vacation, and we will be sure to contact Tru Cab for our transportation needs.  Thank you!
4	I used TruCab for a recent trip to and from the airport from downtown Phoenix for a trip spanning 3 weeks. Communication was fantastic throughout the trip and the reassuring call before pickups were great. Text messaging also helped as I wasn't able to call with flight number details. I was a little disappointed our driver to the airport forgot our coffee and doughnuts as promised but was pleased they arrived on time, I didn't need the calories anyway. :) Our return trip was great and was picked up in a black Lincoln Navigator by Larry since we previously booked the return pickup. Super friendly and I enjoyed our conversation. Wouldn't hesitate to use them again!
5	This was best cab I've ever taken. Ask for Marsha!!! You won't be upset. She's the best.
1	Idiot! I reserved my trip online, when I did not receive a price I called. The idiot woman who answered could not confirm my trip, she did not speak well English, told me my trip would be $33, I had to give her my information over and over and over then she told me my trip would be +$100. I told her not to set the trip, not to send a cab and hung up on her. Idiots should not be on the phone...
5	I called  tru cab and was pleasantly surprised. I don't take cabs very often but was told 20 minutes and they showed up in 20 min . Driver was polite and respectful . Told him where to go and asked me which route I preferred . In other words he wasn't going to long haul me for a better fare. It's nice too see a company actually trying for customer service . Thank goodness. Will use again if needed .
5	We finally had the opportunity to actually utilize Tru Cab for our ride to and from Sky Harbor airport from Fountain Hills.  Our driver on the way to the airport was named Rocky, and he called us exactly 30 minutes before our scheduled pick-up to let us know he was on his way.  Rocky was a delight to speak with, and very professional.  Larry, one of the owners of Tru Cab, picked us up on the airport a week later and drove us home from Sky Harbor to Fountain Hills.  There was a text message waiting on my phone from Larry as soon as we landed at Sky Harbor telling us where he would meet us and to please call him as soon as we had our luggage in hand.  Again, a 5 star experience for our ride back to Fountain Hills, and my husband and I had the opportunity to speak to Larry about how his business got started and how much his company emphasizes customer service.   That has been VERY apparent from our first contact with this wonderful cab company.We will never use Super Shuttle or another cab company other than Tru-Cab in the future.  Larry and Eric, you have a stellar company and outstanding service.  Hopefully, we will have the opportunity to use Tru-Cab again soon for our next vacation and transport to the airport.
5	We used Tru Cab for our first cab ride to the PHX airport and we are so glad we did.  The night before we needed the cab, I made a booking online and even got to use a coupon linked from their facebook page.  About 10 minutes later, I received a call from Tru Cab confirming the time and location of my pick-up.30 minutes before the cab was scheduled to arrive, I received a call to let me know that the cab driver was on her way and to confirm how many donuts and coffee we wanted.  (You get donuts and coffee for bookings before 9am.)She was there on time and we had a pleasant conversation en route to the airport, which ended up being just under $20.  We were able to pay and tip with our credit card easily through their Square set-up.  So great not to have to use cash.  :)However, two notes:- The FAQ page does not work on either my computer or phone (http://www.trucab.com/faqs/).- I downloaded the Tru Cab iPhone app, but it didn't seem to work at all.  Hopefully this is something they're working on.I will definitely use them again!  It would be cool if they could link up with the existing Taxi Magic app or improve their own app for more seamless booking.
3	They were on time and fair.
5	Booked a cab online through tru cab late last night for a pickup the next morning. They called me within an hour to confirm.The next morning, my driver John called 30 mins. ahead to confirm. He showed up on time, cab was clean and he was professional and courteous. I would definitely use Tru Cab again and ask for John.
5	Visited friends in Arizona last year and used Tru Cab to get to the Suns arena and back from the bars. Driver was wonderful, cab was clean and comfortable, and price was very good.Would recommend to others. Don't drive drunk.
5	Whenever I leave town, this is my cab company of choice. They're very responsive and the driver usually calls thirty minutes ahead before arrival time to let you know they're on their way. Admittedly, I did experience a snafu when some jerks in my apartment complex lied and took my cab. (It was a rare incident when the driver did not call ahead of time.) Left without a ride, the nice person who picked up the call ended up giving me a complimentary ride to the airport. This was a kind and appropriate gesture, considering it really wasn't the driver's fault. (Yes, I did make my flight... because I prepare for stuff like this.)Note: If you're on a super early morning flight, they give you coffee and a donut. Yay morning carbs:)
5	I have used Tru Cab since the company started.  I have never had such good service time after time.  They are always on time, courteous and go above and beyond to make you happy!
5	By far the best taxi. On time .  Great customer service. Very nice and I love it because its just comfortable and easy.
1	Definitely dissatisfied with the service from Tru Cab! Since my car is in the shop, so I had to drop my girlfriend off at work today and i had softball after work as well. I read such great reviews on how prompt and professional Tru Cab was and how they confirm 30 minutes before, which is good because she was weird about closing the shop by herself at night. When they called and confirmed they had the wrong address and I even put the cross streets in the special notes section Mind you. They then didn't show up on time, called for directions because they were lost, and then the driver called again saying they were sorry but they got pulled over for going to slow (no kidding you were late) and wouldn't be able to make the pickup. Needless to say she ended up walking home in the dark crying to me on the phone. I trusted them to get my beautiful girlfriend home safe and they failed to do so. What if something happened to her on the way home? Definitely not recommending Tru Cab to Anyone! They didn't even call for a backup ride nothing. Just like "oh well sorry we tried better luck next time..." Not Cool Tru Cab not Cool!!!!
5	By far the best cab experience I have had in Phoenix.  I travel often and have been disappointed by other cab companies who do not show up as scheduled and/or dislike payment via credit card.  Tru Cab called ahead of time, as promised, for pick up to the airport and texted me as soon as I got off the plane with their location for pre-scheduled pick up from the airport.  Both cab drivers I had were extremely friendly and funny, they made the experience enjoyable.
2	I am so sorry to have to write this review.  I have been a fan of Tru Cab from the beginning.  However, the last two or three times have been frustrating.  Last month the driver was 20 minutes late picking up going to the airport and could not get us from the airport on the return.  Today's trip was very disappointing.  I made my round trip reservation online over a week ago. I never received confirmation so I called to confirm last night.  The driver was to call us one hour ahead of time to let us know he was on his way.  I never got the call so I telephoned 30 minutes prior to the scheduled time.  The dispatcher that answered acted very vague about the reservation and said she would call the driver.  Never heard back so I called again.  She said he would arrive in 10 minutes ( which was already 20 minutes past the time scheduled).  When the driver finally arrived he said he was called at the last minute to pick us up.  This is the 4th time there have been communication problems.  Don't know if we can continue to use Tru Cab.  I hope they can get things together because it was the best taxi service we have ever used when their business started.
5	Is that a Drag Queen holding the Tru ~ Cab logo in your pictures just kidding you guys are great but any Cab drivers knows you don't start your day or night off on a Empty tank of fuel That's a bad Omen in the Taxi service.
1	After reading all the reviews, looked forward to using a new service. The driver arrived on time and the car was ok (relatively clean and the windshield was cracked). We asked for a ride to El Chorro Lodge and the driver was not familiar with it's location. It was 4.5 miles and has been at it's location since the mid 1930's, so we were surprised he did not know the location. We gave him directions and off we went. Arrived in about 10 minutes and the meter read $13.70. Handed him $20 and asked for $3 back. He said he didn't have change. Really?! After about 30 awkward seconds, someone else in our party had the correct amount. The driver did ask us to call for the return trip. We went with the "green" company, had a much newer and nicer car and driver and the meter was $12.45.  We felt like tourists in NY with the first driver.
5	January 8, I made reservations for transportation for our wedding anniversary dinner Friday, January 31 and I confirmed the reservation Thursday, January 30.  Tru Cab was to pick us up at 6, take us to the restaurant, pick us up at the restaurant at 9, and take us home.Their driver was unable to make the appointment at 6.  Representative Eric called a few minutes before 6, relayed the unfortunate information, and assured me he would get us a car/driver.  He called again within 10 minutes to advise that a different taxi company was on its way.  Shortly thereafter the new driver called to confirm.  Eric called again to insure that the new driver/company had telephoned us..WOW!  I've tried several different cab/driver companies in the Valley.  I've been the unfortunate recipient of filthy cars, no-shows, late arrivals, smelly drivers, drivers who needed me to provide directions, etc...  S*** does happen occasionally.  It isn't the ability to complete a job as promised that sets one company apart from another, it's how a company handles snafus that sets it apart from another company.  Tru Cab rocks!  They handled the problem smoothly, the representative Eric was on the ball, the substitute company was great, we still made our reservation, AND they reimbursed us for the substitute cab.  Tru Cab has been added to my speed dial.
5	Incredible customer service! Scheduled them for an airport pick-up before Thanksgiving. They called to let me know driver was delayed and to keep me ontime, reimbursed me for my fare in another cab.
5	Absolutely wonderful!  Came on short notice, very friendly on the phone. I sent him to the wrong place and he stuck with me calling me on the phone to get us at the right place. Highly recommend!
5	First time in Phoenix.  Reserved tru cab. When I got to the airport, I called the cab company. Some how there was an issue and the assigned cab wasn't available. They immediately got another driver.  They gave us a discount for us waiting so long. The service is excellent. Even though the reservation was a bit messed up, they definitely compensated. Highly recommend trucab. Professional and friendly.
5	I'm from NYC.  I've been taking taxis and car service my whole life, so I'm pretty seasoned concerning what should happen during that fifteen minute car ride, and what should not. On Monday, I scheduled these guys for a pickup and return ride to the vet.  The driver arrived before the scheduled time, and called me to tell me he was there.  The ride to the vet's was pleasant, as we exchanged small talk about my sick cat in the carrier.  The driver was a really nice guy and good driver.   When it was time for me to go home, I got antsy when the driver was a no-show 15 minutes after the time I had scheduled.  Sensing something wrong, I called the company, and the dispatcher informed me that the previous dispatcher had made a scheduling mistake taking my online reservation form off the computer.  He asked me if I wanted to wait while he immediately dispatched a car to me, or if I wanted him to give me the numbers of nearby companies I could try getting a ride home from.  But the thing that really struck me is that he said he wasn't going to charge me for the ride.  That's right.  Because his dispatcher had made the scheduling error, Tru Cab was going to eat the fare cost for my return trip home.  That kind of service would have NEVER happened to me in NYC.  Needless to say, my cat and I waited it out, and the same driver that took us there drove us home.  Thank you, Tru Cab, for doing the right thing by your clients.  I plan on using you again in the future.
5	This company is a gem. After paying $80 for a ride from Yuma airport to Scottsdale with YellowCab, I was disheartened by travel fares. I still needed to get around tho, and I was happy to have come across this company. Very reasonable fares, and she even went out of her way to avoid the construction zone when that would have driven the meter up. The driver was friendly and accommodating, and had many suggestions for places to eat in the area. She even came back to pick me up when she said she would, even tho I asked at the last minute. Thanks for providing a great service!
2	I didn't see what all the rage was about. This was just an average cab ride in a pretty junky car.  The back seat was fairly clean but the windshield had a huge crack across it and the front console hadn't been cleaned in a long time. My driver was a nice enough guy but the company presents itself as having more of a polished driver and this driver was dressed overly casual -- like your basic cabbie. I was quoted the flat rate to Sky Harbor and thought I'd be greeted with coffee and donuts like the profile on here says. When I entered the cab, no coffee and no donuts. Not even a mention of them. Is it just a marketing ploy? Widows were partially down during the entire trip making it very difficult to hear anything coming out of the driver's mouth. Again, I have no trouble with the driver but there is nothing above average about this service. While making the reservation was easy and the driver was on time, there was nothing that set this company apart from others. I was disappointed. Will not repeat.
1	I am over this place... What's the point in me calling an hour before and still being late not to mention their cabs are filthy. The people are nice but they don't follow through, too much stress for a cab service. I wouldn't waste your time or money...
2	I scheduled a ride to Sky Harbor online more than 24hrs in advance.  Didn't receive a confirmation email, call or text so after about 12 hrs I called the company to confirm our cab ride for three adults with our luggage to the airport.  The dispatcher said we were all set.  About ten minutes later the very same dispatcher called me back and asked me what I needed, odd ...we just spoke and she confirmed my cab request. As promised the cab driver called 30 min prior to our scheduled pickup to let us know she was early but no need to hurry.  The cab was no different than any other cab I've been in: dirty, stained seats, broken door handles, etc.  Did not notice the fresh smell as promised in their advertising. The driver had gone shopping before picking us up and the front passenger's seat was piled full of her personal items. I asked if I could sit in front while the other two got in the back, she said "its easier for me if you sit in the back." The driver indicated she had no idea how many people she was supposed to be picking up. So three adults crammed into the back seat for our ride to the airport and listened to our driver talk about her recent toilet paper bargain purchase at Walmart.  Not impressed Tru Cab.
5	Booked online. Received call back confirmation quickly. Phone call at 3:30 am was right on time. Car arrived 10 minutes early. Ardee was very personable. Arrived at the airport with lots of time to spare. Price was very reasonable. Awesome experience. Will use tru cab again.
1	Cab showed up 15 min late for ride to airport. Driver asked for a jug of water to put into his rad because the cab was poorly maintained. AC did not work. Driver asked me if I knew where the speed cameras were. Driver blasted talk radio on the topic of suicide?? Short trips... Maybe. Longer trips.... I'm looking elsewhere.
2	Good points- clean, prompt and friendly old-guy driver named Tom.....BAD: Tom drove way out of the way to the airport. Doubled our cab fair. Too bad for him as he would have got a great tip if he just would have done the right thing and drove us DIRECTLY to our destination.
2	Our driver was on time, but the inside of the cab reeked of cigarettes and was filthy. :(I probably will not use them again next time I'm in the area.
