4	This was the biggest and busiest of the bars as guided by my Pittsburgian guardian angel Derek (he really was angelic), and seemed to be the best people watching as well.  Very nice porch out back, a bit crowded but with many of the right people, almost felt like a little slice of Chicago but with nicer people that would talk to you even though they are twink-lie.  Seemed like the place to be on a Friday...too bad the drink were slightly weak but they kept flowing.
2	There are two types of people in this world; sheep and not-sheep. If you would classify yourself as the premier, then by all means 5801 should become your new hangout!The drinks are poured precisely to the shot (aiding a perfectly proportioned mediocre night at best) The clientelle is typical gay pittsburgh, hardly anyone is interesting enough to have a decent conversation with for more then 2 minutes. (and they all kind of look like they were rejected from Los Angeles)The music is the worst,  typical gay pop remixes blare from this place. When will gay bars realize that we aren't in the late 90's anymore?The interior is decorate and reminiscent of a Radisson hotel lobby. (Which isn't good) The bartenders are neither pretty nor polite. I don't recommend this place at all.
4	The best deck in the burgh, for the gay bars anyway. Great bar though, the food has gotten better recently, and the drinks are always good. Its a good time, and a good place to hang out in the community. Very friendly staff and ownership. Who also really supports the community.
5	I visited in January and thought this place was great! Everyone was really friendly, yeah drinks were poured with care, but still... i got buzzed! I really really reccomend this place... seemed like the least trashiest place (and it was) at the time! Parking was a little rough but besides that i had a ball. AND SMOKING ON A DECK big plus. I hate smoking outside a door.
4	Video lounge?  Huh?Cafe?  Huh?  Try a gay bar.That being said.....GREAT.
3	I'm undecided-Some people live in this bar.Get drunk and then leave.(b)
4	Cute place, cool atmosphere, great people. My boyfriend & I went here one night, LATE, sat up in the outside, rooftop area. It was an interesting night & sat as a reminder that I should STOP torturing myself by trying to have a dance off with gay guys...I NEVER WIN!!!
4	During our brief visit to Pittsburgh, this was definitely our favorite bar.  It's attractive, nicely laid out, and the bartenders, staff and clientele are very friendly and welcoming.  We did not try anything on the menu, but the drinks were good, and the videos well selected.
5	5801 is the go-to place for my coworkers and I to go for happy hour.  I've been here in all kinds of circumstances....straight from work at 5 pm (when we were basically the only people there), and also at 2 am on the crowded dance floor.  The music is great, the patio is expansive and comfortable, and the bartenders are really friendly.   Their happy hour actually doesn't start until 6, but I like that because that gives me time to actually GET there - usually when bars have happy hours that start at 5 pm, I've already missed half of it by the time I arrive.  They have a creative martini list and the bartenders are willing to make you surprise creations if you aren't sure what to order.  I've only had a little bit of food here - spinach/artichoke dip, hummus, sweet potato fries, buffalo chicken dip - all were perfectly tasty, a step above regular bar food quality.Everyone is comfortable and welcome here.  My boyfriend and I had a fantastic time dancing here late one night, and we love how they play music videos!  Sometimes we'd just stop talking, drift off, and watch the videos.  I'll give it 5 stars just because it's been consistently great, service is super friendly, clientele is awesome (this is the kind of place where you make new "best friends" in 5 minutes), and it's good for both a chill drink and a crazy dance-off depending on when you show up.
3	"580-1309"This place is enormous.  I am not actually sure I saw the whole thing!  Suggest doing a lap before you commit to a location.As a NY'er I was shocked you could smoke inside!  Unfortunately this was where the cute guys were.  So I had to invest in Febreeze.  Fine.Fun place, and easy to go with a group of friends.  Many spots to hide if you need to.  The patio was such a pleasant surprise, felt like I was back in NY.  P.S. this place def has its regulars and if you're from out of town they sniff you out like a bad gallon of milk.Not sure where the video part comes from but wasn't a deal breaker. The vodka came out of a soda gun which was worrisome, so don't expect a jacked up drink, its to the measure.  Bartenders were all super sweet.  That being said I don't know why almost everyone here was WASTED but me?
5	Loved it! Great dancing, great drinks, great crowd, loved the music videos! The DJ was a bit of a jerk, but I wouldn't want drunk people setting drinks near my equipment, either. I loved that he would randomly play the electric drums during the songs he was playing. Really cute.I would come here all the time if I lived in PGH!
3	I like 5801 especially being a single straight woman. If you're looking for a fun bar to go dancing by yourself or with a group and not get hassled by jerks all night 5801 is it.Bartenders are OK. They're nothing special they do their job. Dance floor isn't huge but it works for what it is. Just be careful and not get hit by the crazy gay men hoisting their friends in the air.
5	Awesome bar - one of my favs in the mid-west. I always stop by when I'm passing through Pittsburgh... nice mixture of soaked locals and curious travelers. Great location - average drinks.
4	I'm a fan of this place, who can't be with three separate bars to go to?  Even if it is packed most weekends.  With the three separate bars it's like three separate atmospheres. Downstairs is the kind of cool, kind of hip bright bar where if you want to get up close and personal with someone, you can.  The jukebox has an ample selection of tunes to choose from to tickle just about anyone's fancy.  On the colder days you can stand by the fireplace to warm yourself.  On the warmer days you can still stand by the fireplace, but don't worry, it's not on to roast the patrons.  It serves as a place to lean against and carry on a conversation with someone and be able to set your drink down if you like.  Several high tables dot the area if you feel the need to sit as well as stools around the bar.  Big windows allow you to view the people walking on the street as well as it lets them view you.Upstairs is kind of the dim lit, low-key lounge bar.  Electronic dartboards for play, some Saturdays the dance floor can be in use if a DJ is on premise.  Nice big, somewhat circular bar in the middle with stools (they are in the middle of a remodel by the looks of it, to make it look even roomier).  Booths and high tables are available for sitting as well.  A coat rack is there for you convenience to place you coat, but be careful, especially if you're wearing a coat that looks similar to others.  The music played upstairs when a DJ is not around is that of the videos mentioned in this place's name.  It's like a DJ is there with the videos playing.  Dance and remix is all you hear, huge plus.  The deck, recently added onto, is a nice place to be able to go and take in the air.  Tables are at an appropriate level outside, enough to seat people, but also the right about for people to mingle.  The newer portion of the deck reminds you of sitting in a small garden with lighted seating.  The deck is also used in cooler weather as well with their drop-down curtains to keep the elements out and they heaters to keep the temperature comfortable.  Stools also line this bar as well.Cash or credit and you can always start a tab.  I believe Tuesdays they now have a Bingo event available as well as a dart league.  Bartenders are always friendly and if you frequent enough remember your libation of choice.  One of the best bars to go to in Shadyside whether you are gay or straight.
2	I went here the other night and the only positive part is that I left there not smelling like a cigarette. The drinks are ENTIRELY overpriced. Hello, 7.50 Cranberry and Absolute. Correction, splash of Absolute. The beers, too, were overpriced. And please allow me to mention that if you are not a well dressed man, male bartenders seem to overlook you.If you are looking for a gay friendly place with outdoor seating, I suggest going down the block to Harris Grill for better service and cheaper drinks. OH, and parking in this area is awful.
4	My best friend and I were visiting my mom in Carnegie and we needed to get out and find something a little more exciting before we left. A bear friend of my mom's recommended 5801 and we had a great time even though we were just talking. The three separate bars are great - we were able to get away from the hideously smoke-filled lounger, which is really pretty and had awesome bartenders, but...ugh, cigarettes. the "upstairs" bar was also very nice, much less smokey, so that's where we stayed. patio was CROWDED.all the bartenders are amazing and have very deft hands. I LOVE the cocktails, especially for their names, like "Platinum Blonde" and "Smurf Cum" - absolutely delicious, and you can't taste the booze at all. the "upstairs" bar was not too loud so best friend and I could actually carry a conversation without shouting, which seems a bit backwards considering the lounge bar is smaller and more intimate, but the music (while great) is BLARING.each bar has a different atmosphere, which is also pretty cool. I'm also glad that they welcome all genders, so that my best friend could walk in with his token straight girl with no trouble ;)
4	I would have given this place 5 stars, but you still have to walk through the cigarettes to get in and out of the place, like it's 2006. Big negative.BUT this is my favorite gay bar in the city. You can relax on the deck on a sunny afternoon or you can party it up there in the crowd on Saturday night. Very versatile, depending on the time and day you go.The renovations that this place has gone through in the past years are awesome. Bartenders are friendly. And the food is AMAZING. I'm serious. And cheap.
3	I love the patio here. Always a nice crowd, good music and friendly Pittsburgh locals hanging out. It's my favorite of the gay bars in the area, and they often have theme nights and friendly regulars around that love to chat up a friendly California girl. Make this your stop to get acquainted with the local gay scene in Pittsburgh, and know that the venue is friendly for gays and non gays in any case.
4	So, I've been going to 5801 since I turned 21, but in the past 2 years, I've probably only frequented the joint 3 times. It has changed (aesthetically) quite a bit recently, and the newest addition in the upstairs / patio area is gorgeous. It has a new, lodge type feel, which I'm all about. Unfortunately, nothing has been done to vent the smells. It's the only bar that I still reek of cigarettes and regret when I leave and my clothes (really annoying with your coats in the winter) forever hold the smell until washed well. This alone almost always makes me not want to go there, but I think it has become a very comfortable, "everyday" bar for the lgbt crowd, and I find that even a lot of non-lgbt people don't mind the atmosphere as well.Stick with beer here, too. I don't mind the mixed drinks, but I've never been a big fan. They seem to use cheap mixers (especially sours) and I often do not enjoy the drinks as much as other places ---- but they are usually affordable and larger, so I guess it's a trade off.
4	With a nicely done remodel comes an updated review.  Honestly, the main reason I am writing this is to say that I have come to love this place on one of it's 'off' nights.  Don't get me wrong, I love being there on a busy night when it's crowded and you can hardly move, but I've come to embrace the off nights where there is hardly anyone there.  It has come to be my place to go when I just want to get a drink and chat.  That is what most *insert my day of choice here* have become (I truly don't want to say what day it is for fear that it may become crowded on that night).  And the remodel, can we talk about the remodel for a minute?  It's wonderful!  I'm so happy that they finally got rid of the doorway that divided the upstairs room, talk about bottle necking in a bar, now no more.  It also feels brighter upstairs and bigger.  Could be that they got rid of some walls, maybe that had something to do with it.I cannot wait for warmer weather.  Not because everyone is going to be out in shorts and sleeveless shirts, but because of the amazing remodel of the deck.  Where the bar now resides, it feels like a ski lodge.  You walk in and you can smell the wood.  This little addition also adds more seating for people during hours they are open for food.  During the summer months looks as if they have the garage door openings to open the bar to the deck...away from the door openings to the deck, best part about the remodel I think.And for those that complain about the cigarette smoke, with all the complaining you keep doing I'm sure you'll have this as a smoke free place.  Smoking is now restrained to the lower bar, away from the door.  No smoking in any other part of the building.
5	Best gay bar in Pittsburgh by leaps and bounds. The lower level is dimly lit and still allows smoking. Minus. Up the steps to the second level and you can't smell the smoke anymore. Plus. They have dartboards, a decent sized dance floor, a larger bar and lots of video screens so you can watch Lady Gaga videos while you pick from the martini menu. They usually have drink specials. Outside on the patio is where 5801 really becomes something special. Lots of space and seating, but with all of the tiki torches and paper lanterns around, after a few drinks you'd swear you were at a summer block party. The staff has always been nice, the drinks have always been stiff, and I've never run into any drama at 5801. Nice mix of people of all ages. 5801 is just like any other nice, successful neighborhood bar. Except way gayer. And that's the way I like it!
4	Beautiful deck, great bartenders, fun atmosphere - loved it!
5	I looooove this place. Everyone that works there is super nice, cheap/great food/drinks, gorgeous patio, good music!We went over to Harris Grill the other day to sit out on the patio and have a drink and there was an hour wait! (what!?) so I remembered someone had told us that 5801 had a nice patio and we went over there--it wasn't crowded at all and it is WAY nicer than the patio at Harris Grill! The staff is always super nice and helpful and they will make you whatever drink you want.Pros: Patio, cheap prices, nice staff, good musicCons: I'm never a fan of smokey bars-you can smoke in the front of this one and on the patio--but I just have to suck it up I guess :)
3	Nice deck, but not all that cheap.  Also, I'd prefer a dj to the music videos (but the screens are needed for tv show/movie nights and football season, I understand).  This used to be New York New York, so it's nice to see that the establishment is still around and it's nice to run in to some familiar faces (from Pegasus, True, etc.).  I don't know if it's the same owners or not...I don't really care.  The food is good and I've met some fun people there :)
5	Have you been to the new porch?! Styling! Beautiful atmosphere, and lots of places where friends can sit and talk and still be heard. Excellent drink selection and friendly service.
1	RUINED MY SATURDAY NIGHTThis bar labels itself as a Gay bar and it really does not have Gay patrons.I visited the 5801 Video Lounge on Saturday, August 31, 2013 during Labor Day weekend.  80% of the bar's patrons were straight - heterosexual couples.  There were a few Gay people scattered throughout the bar but in no way would I call this place a Gay bar.The place looks good but not all that special.  It kind of reminded me of Applebee's for some reason. It could use a good cleaning. The carpets for example were dirty and even sticky in some places.At the upstairs bar, for 20 minutes, I tried unsuccessfully to get a drink from any of the bartenders there. They were ignoring me. It was as if they were avoiding myself and my partner.We don't smoke and really were trying to avoid the downstairs bar because they allow smoking but since we were being ignored by the bartenders upstairs who were too busy serving the straight couples we reluctantly went to the downstairs bar to try and get drinks.At the smoky downstairs bar, the bartender did approach me but when I asked for Black Velvet, they didn't have it. So then, I asked for Canadian Club and again they did not have it.  I really felt as though this bar did not want us there and weren't going to serve us.  Black Velvet and Canadian Club are both fine Canadian whiskeys that are staples at almost all bars and I found it unbelievable that they did not have both of them.The bartenders ignored us or told us no. I never want to walk into an establishment and hear the word "no".  They should always say "yes" and that did not happen for us.I also observed the bartenders using those automatic shot measuring devices.  I absolutely hate that.  How do I know I am even getting a full shot of booze with those things.  If they need to measure, I want to see them use a shot glass so I can see what I am paying for.  Anyway, after seeing the automatic shot measuring devices, I was pretty sure the drinks were very weak.There is a patio on the backside. It is not a beautiful patio as described by some of the reviewers.  When I was there, it was jam-packed with smokers and there was standing-room only.The patrons were not friendly in 5801 either. AND, worst of all, because of inaccurate reviews on Yelp, Urban Spoon and Gay Cities, I ended up visiting this bar and wasting my valuable vacation time on a Saturday night when I could have gone somewhere else.There is no dance floor. Other reviewers mention that there is a dance floor. I could not find one anywhere. Perhaps, it used to be located where the dart boards are now.I was ignored by the upstairs bartenders.  The drinks they do make are weak.  I was unable to get my drink in this bar.  The bartenders and the patrons were unfriendly. It is not a Gay bar.  I do not recommend it.
4	What to say about 5801.This establishment is frequented by myself quite often, clearly it has a certain appeal and or undertow that endlessly sucks you back in.Your night of choice will completely change the atmosphere.  Weekends are a meat market of suffocating closeness, yet fun, friends and whatever else your heart can desire.Weeknights... Wednesdays are poker, starting at 8.  Anyone can play! Free! Prizes! Special daily... 6-8, buy one 'chips & dips / the classics' and get one free!  SWEET.Food is pretty good.Sample some sweet potato fries... slurpBe nice and you will be rewarded in heaven.
5	Well  made drinks, very courteous staff, abundant food served late....hummus, awesome fresh made potato chips, fried zucchiniNice Xmas decor. I liked the old bar set up but there is More room nowI don't like the smoky downstairs.Had many good times hereFree soda so they encourage designated drivers.Lots of places to sit
3	This is the gay man's gay bar in Pittsburgh. With a large space, fully equipped with 3 separate bars (1 on a fairly newly reconstructed outdoor porch venue), dart boards, and a small dance floor, it meets the needs of almost anybody who stops in for a good time. 5801 has a poker night, darts league, and is just a place for the gays to feel comfortable and have a good time at. I would say that this is the gay bar with the most diverse crowd in Pittsburgh- gay mens, lesbians, straight men and women, etc. Smokers enjoy the downstairs bar, while upstairs is non-smoking. Pretty good music, good daily specials and pretty nice bartenders- this is not a bad way to spend a night out.
4	I remember coming here when it was New York New York, the vibe is just as great. The patio makes 5801 perfect spot for late night drinks on a gorgeous summer night.The bartenders are wonderful and so are the patrons. I have yet to make it out for bingo but it's definitely on my to do list!
4	Stopped here the other day and must admit - they've made significant changes for the better at this place. Bartender was nice. Server was a sweetie. the dill dip was very good. The outside patio is beautiful. A+
1	Would be nice if the girl at outside bar would have taken our order instead of gabbing with friends.  Had one beer and left.  Maybe she needs to be work at a lesbian bar instead.  June 15th at 430 pm
4	It's my 200th Review!I lerve this place, in cold weather, in warm weather, when I actually want to go out alone (it happens!), or when I'm in the mood to celebrate.First, try coming here for dinner sometime.  They actually have one of the best hamburgers in Pittsburgh!  The food is really quite good.  I was surprised.I am really allergic to cigarette smoke, so for that reason I usually sit up at the bar on the 2nd level, right before you go outside.  The thing I like about this place is that you'll like it not matter what you're in the mood for, patio, or usually in my case finding a quieter spot in a wooden booth.They have a good selection of beers, and they make a damn good bloody mary.  The bartenders, waitstaff and clientele are all warm and welcoming.  I have never had a bad time at this place!The outdoor patio is really nice, but the last time I was there people are smoking, so it was no bueno for me.  It's beautiful since its been remodeled.
4	I really love to come to 5801 for a fun night! The patio area is so spacious- there is a bar and many places to sit and enjoy your drinks! Even if you need to get away from the crowd- the patio is it!  The bar itself is spacious, there is one on the first floor, and one on the second. On the first floor, there is an iTunes electronic juke box, which is awesome to play some of your favorite hits, even the ones that you normally wouldn't be able to find on a top 10 list! There is a decent space to dance to the hits you just picked and paid for and everyone is doing their own thing, so it's not like people are staring at you. There are also bar stools around this area where you can throw your stuff on and dance the night away! The nacho appetizer was really good and the drinks aren't too expensive! On the second floor, you can sit at booths, play darts, or enjoy the spacious area around the bar! This is, by far, one of my favorite places to go and enjoy the night!
4	Of all the gay bars in the city, 5801 (or "58" as the locals call it) is by far the best. I've visited many times and never had a bad time or a bad drink. The thing I love most about this place is the space. It's actually pretty big! The first floor is the smoker's bar as smoking is allowed. They have bar seating as well as high tables and a jukebox with any song you could imagine. I tend to stay away from this area because of the smoke. The second floor (non-smoking) consists of a bigger bar, booths and dart boards. Their latest addition is the spacious outdoor patio which is accessible from the second floor. Half of it is outside and the other half is indoors with the bar in the middle that separates the two. Drinks are always very good! I never had a bad one. My favorite is their Long Island which is on special on Thursday I believe. Bartenders are usually very friendly as well.If you're hungry, they have a kitchen that's open till around 11. I've only had their nachos, but they were very good and loaded to the brim. You won't find a steak and potato dinner, but a classier type of bar food. Weekends are usually busy here and they do have decent specials throughout the week to get people in the door. They also hold bingo games once a week hosted by a drag queen. Crowd is usually mixed as well.
4	Not bad hate the smoking, but upstairs is non smoking just no one in it. Spin and this bar seems to be the friendliest and more updated (clean) for their gay scene.
4	Yes, of course 5801 is my favorite gay bar in Pittsburgh. From the friendly servers to the great music and dancing... it is just a fun place to be any night of the week. But you must never go there. Nope. Because the secret must never get out that 5801 has some of the most DELICIOUS and CHEAP bar food in Pittsburgh. Those capitalized words? They usually don't go hand in hand. Not so at 5801. They have found the magic formula for quality bites that won't hurt your wallet. The menu has something for everybody. Eight types of dips/chips to share, wraps, salads, even pizza and wings! Everything I have had there is large portioned and yummy. As for the environment, it varies according to day of the week and area of the lounge. As others have said before, smoking is still permitted downstairs. However, 5801 is so large that you can avoid the nicotine by either going upstairs or enjoying your drinks and watching the game on the large outdoor patio and bar. Stay away, though! I don't want crowds getting in on my $3.75 long island Thursdays and daily happy hour specials (6-8 pm). ...Ok, fine. You can come. I hope to see you all there!
