5	I have been to this restuartant twice - both times the food and service was excellent.The wait staff was extra friendly (could be that famous Texas hospitality)The portions were Texas sized. I suggest trying instead of mashed potato/baked potato - try the Sweet Potato. It was amazing and much healthier for you than that of the white potatoe...but Try this place - it is just east of the Vegas strip. Beats sitting at a noisey high price strip restuarant having to put up with sloppy drunks and cigaret smoke.  ENJOY!!!
2	Ick. Lone Star Steakhouse was nothing horrible, but they have nothing to brag about. Staff was kind, but they really just didn't have their act together. When we walked in the hostess smiled at us, but instead of greeting us reached to pick up the phone. The food was mediocre if that. I had a sorry excuse for tenderloins wrapped in bacon, and one of the steak fries on my plate had a big black spot...they couldn't have just thrown that one out? I'd been to this location a couple years ago and I remember everything being much better. What happened???
4	this location is pretty good the steaks are cooked right and the food is consistent. Really not as good as other chain restaurants in its price range but ok for a different country feel.
4	I'm reviewing this place again because it doesn't get enough recognition as a good steakhouse.I mean late night dining. This place is open to 11pm Friday & Saturday.Yeah I know this is "vegas-the city that never sleeps" but after 9 pm it's slim pickins for good sit down eateries that you can take the kids to and dont have to wait in any ridiculously long line.Just East of the Strip this place is Solid4Steak. The signature wedge ain't half bad either.$6.99 ALL YOU CAN EAT Soup,Salad & Bread M-THURS 11AM-6PM$9.99 Monday Steak NightTUESDAY KIDS EAT FREE$18.99 ALL YOU CAN EAT Baby Back Ribs-Wednesday$13.99 Texas trio/grilled shrimp & filet medallions-Thursday$5.99 Burger,fires & a drink-Saturday 11am-4pm
4	Another FREE Entree from the E-club for my birthday!!When we arrived at 8pm it was DEAD-on a Friday Night-so sad:(Service was fast & friendly, I love the hot bread loaf & butter they bring out so we didnt need any appetizer instead we had salads -a house & a wedge.We then ordered EntreesDelmonico 10ox Ribeye with Salted Baked PotatoTexas Melt hamburger with grilled onions on Ciabata bunThe steak was fantastic -cooked perfect-fat trimmed and the baked potato was great too SALTED with LOTS of butter,sour cream & chives!!The Texas Melt  burger was a completely different experience. The burger was from a frozen patty the cheese wasn't melted at all because the grilled onions were soggy & cold PLUS the bun wasn't grilled/toasted either.I still gave it 4 stars for being FREE but its NOT likely this place with be open next year on my birthday!!
4	Perry H. says it best, "I love Lonestar!"  We go to the one in Corona, CA all the time and have been to this Vegas one a number of times. Only once can I recall where the food was disappointing. The rest of the times it has been delicious.  An interesting note, the Vegas place serves mini-loafs of bread while in CA they use rolls. Both are yummy.I've heard that Lonestar might be going out of business; PLEASE DON'T BE TRUE!  If any so-called steak place should tank, it's Sizzler. But Lone Star is the quintessential steak place for someone on a budget.  Long live the wedge salad and lonestar potato!
