3	Nice on the inside, and full of comfortable couches.  When my friends and I went, they were out of soup, so we wound up just sitting in their seats for 20mins while waiting for burgatory.  I just wish they wouldve has that soup.
4	This is a relatively small Panera and has been very busy the times I have visited.  Otherwise like all the other Paneras - it is a good place to get a healthy lunch quickly, if you are willing to spend a bit more than for fastfood.
3	This is a very lively Panera. There are middle school and high school kids here often. They don't really clean up after themselves so you do a little cleaning before you sit down it is alright. The employees are pleasant enough and the food is good. I love that Panera keeps their calories listed on the menu so that you can plan accordingly. Not my favorite location but still a good one!
4	Great location - great food. I'm not usually a "chain" fan, but this one is consistently good enough to make me a regular. We like to pick up croissants and bagels here all the time, since it's so convenient. Surprisingly for a franchise, the breads can be quite good. No, it's not as exquisite as a home or boutique-baked bread experience, but it's fast and almost as good! Great place to have an informal meeting, since there are so many booths; there's even a conference room available if you have a larger party. In general, we use it for a bit of web surfing while grabbing a quick bite. They list the calories on each order, so you can know what you are ordering.All-in-all, a good, healthy value, and convenient for people who might be in a rush on some days.
1	I want to give credit to the hard working staff at this place and note that the young girls working at the front were helpful and great. However the reason for this negative review is in regard to the manager on duty who was preparing the food when I ordered breakfast sandwiches. First off he was rude and distracted and when I asked a simple question about the rest of my order he barked at me that sandwiches and pastries  are picked up at two different locations. Without being informed by either a written sign or verbalization how the heck are customers to know? Also I got my food to go and left. Upon arriving at my location I discovered that one of the sandwiches was burnt to a crisp and it had paper in it melted into the cheese. On what planet is it ok to wrap this up and give it to a customer to eat?!?!? Unfortunately I did not take it back based on being on the road. This is in my neighborhood and a place I frequent in order to work and study. But there are other coffee shops with better service and professional staff. I highly recommend passing this one by.
3	The interior is very nice , incredibly spacious and decorated in warm earth tones and caramel hues and they have free wifi. I noticed that a lot of the booths were occupied by teeny boppers that appeared just to be chillen as if they were in a public library.My reason for visiting Panera Bread was to treat myself and my mom to a healthy early dinner.  I had the caesar side salad with a creamy tomato soup and my mother had the grilled chicken caesar salad.  The food was just okay. The food for me was a bit bland.  Our salads were undressed.
3	This Panera provided me all my favorites.  I stopped in for lunch and worked for a couple hours before my meeting.  My only gripe is that's it's 3:30 in the afternoon and no one has been around once to wipe tables. (over 2 hours) Trust me its not busy and are staff are chatting it up in the back.   My advice...  wipe your table down before you sit....  Food is Great per Panera standards
5	Love the you pick two deal. I using get salad and sandwich or salad and soup. The French onion and broccoli cheddar soups are good. Love the Greek salad and the baked goods are delicious. I have always had great service the price is moderate to high
4	If you want healthy food that tastes good in a place which does not hassle you about taking to long too eat while visiting with friends then this is the place for you.  I love the black bean soup!
