2	I hate going to chain hair salons.  First of all, I don't have a "fashionable" hair style.  I usually just shave my hair at home.  But sometimes I like to keep it a little longer.  When I do, I have it parted on the side and combed over.  I have hair that does not take to styling very well.  And I am losing it on top.  When I want a haircut (I've had 3 real haircuts in 9 years of living in Vegas) I want it cleaned up around the back and ears and trimmed on top leaving it just long enough to continue combing.  What I from Great Clips was quick service from a lady who made no small talk at all.  This does not necessarily bother me.  I am not one for small talk any how.  It just seemed very impersonal.  She cleaned up the back just frine from what I can tell.  She messed up around the ears.  The left side is trimmed higher than the right.  I feel off balance every time I look in the mirror.  The top was not trimmed much leaving that unsightly cowlick to deal with still even though I told her I wanted it gone.  She also asked me if I wanted to keep the side burns.  Considering I have a full face beard that is connected to my head by side burns it seemed like a stupid question.  Of course I would like to keep what ties it all together.  I would look pretty stupid otherwise.  This is exactly why I cut my own hair most times.  If I need a real haircut I think I will try to find an old fashioned neighborhood barber.  At least they may not butcher my hiar and charge me up the whazoo for it.
2	Had some free time so decided ill try this place usually just shave my own head but wanted to try a 2 on the sides and longer on top lady could no figure out what I was asking her all I wanted was it to look like a smooth fade into the top making more of a military hair cut rather then a bowl. after she did my hair it looked like she did it with her eyes closed one side was longer then the other and the other side didn't fade at all went home and shaved my head waste of $$$
4	my mom needed a quick trim, so this place was right where we live and it's pretty affordable, so we went. she was seated immediately by a young woman, seems really nice and so we showed her a pic to give her an idea what my mom wanted. i thought her hair actually looked good, it was obviouseshe was new but it turned out good so my mom was happy. so far so good.
1	Horrible service , completely screwed up my hair shaved it beyond what I asked and went it came time for a line-up in the front the most crucial part of a haircut she lopped off a chunk of my hair and it's the overall line up is crooked! I basically paid to get the hell out of there I will never go back to this location EVER ! Management should speak to their stylists about paying attention to what's in front of them not around them .
