4	The Tailgate Market (formerly located in Plaza Midwood) has a new-ish and much bigger presence in South End. You'll find plenty of local and organic produce and other vendors selling jewelry and crafts.  Market hours are 10 am-1 pm Saturdays and 3:30-6 pm Tuesdays.
3	On first glance, you might be inclined to compare this small, local farmers market to the larger, close-by Kings Drive Farmers Market. Don't do it. This market, begun several years ago in Plaza-Midwood, is where the locovores and organic farmers intersect. It is still relatively small as farmers markets go, but it has grown exponentially since its beginning. In fact, the move to South End last year signaled a new wave of growth for local food, especially Slow Food.Although the quantity and type of produce varies week-by-week, depending on what's in season, the place is packed with local growers who are generally very proud (and rightly so) of their eco-friendly farming practices. It is also the best place, in my opinion, to find locally-raised eggs and meat.  Yes, the meat is somewhat more expensive than what you'll find in the neighborhood Teeter, but the taste, quality, and general satisfaction you'll get from partaking of food raised right here in the Charlotte area, more than compensates for the higher price tag.Although its small size and sometimes erratic cast of vendors prevents me from rating it higher, this market is one to watch and support. Once a critical mass of local food advocates and local farmers connect, watch out! The Tailgate could become a phenomenon!
5	Sometimes there are not many vendors here, and sometimes they show up late, but I don't care. I love this place and love what it is trying to do.  I always love the things I buy there, and the people are so passionate about what they are selling.  There is a lady who makes amazing little berry pies, another who makes great soups, and I love the tea people, who will sell you a cup of herbal tea for $1 to drink while you shop.  I also love their community involvement.  Get on the email list to be notified about other organic/locavore/slow food events in Charlotte.Update - 7/7/09 - I just went back here today with my son, and I wish I could give them ten stars.  There was a place for my son to sit and make a flower "crown" for his mom with fresh flowers while I shopped, and they also gave him a bag of worm soil for the garden for free.  I bought some beautiful tomatoes, cucumbers, six sunflowers for $2, a huge brownie for a dollar and an amazing vintage cameo necklace for $5.  I was glad to see that it was busier today.  I hope that everyone goes to this place and supports the passionate local growers!!
4	Local markets will always need our help.  Tailgate Market, started by the feisty and energetic Lynn Caldwell tries to bring a locavores dream to South Park & Camden.Take my review with my bias towards local foods and that my family vends at this market (The Secret Chocolatier) but the market is a great resource for connecting with local farmers with veggies, meats, CSA pickups, artisan foods & desserts, and craftspeople.Come early and spend some time making a relationship.  Without a doubt though the market needs customer support. This review is during it's second year in the new location and it's going to be a make it or break it year, so come out and put it over the top!
4	I enjoyed walking through the Tailgate Farmers Market on a Saturday morning. It is a more intimate venue which allows the shoppers and retailers the opportunities to visit about the items and its origins.This farmers' market focuses on local producers. I felt really good when I bought some items because I know that my money will support the local farms and businesses. I bought a tomato plant and it is growing very well so far! In addition, the strawberries I purchased were so delicious...they were almost gone by the end of the day. Visit this market! Don't forget to bring your reuseable bag and cash or your checkbook.
3	On Tuesdays it's a very small smattering of random vendors. Some selling photographs, olive oil, canned jam, dips in sweaty plastic containers...  Only one or two actually sell fresh produce.  But I'll visit again on Saturdays to try and see what all the hubbub is about.
4	Last Saturday it was held in the Common Market's courtyard area. Very friendly vendors with great products! I look forward to going back.Bring cash since it makes the transactions so much easier.
