4	The BFF and I were on our way to go eat some chinese food when we remembered "that new pizza place" that was opening up down the street.  We went by to see if it had opened yet and it was.  We were greeted warmly by the staff and perused the menu.  It's very basic.  Either a 12 inch or a 16 inch pie with your choice of FRESH toppings.  We decided to get our favorites: fresh basil, roma tomatoes, and fresh garlic.  WOW! The crust is thin and crispy, the toppings were robust with flavor and the only other thing I can say is HELL YEAH! Yummy pizza!  I had heard about this place from a co-worker who is from Michigan (the place where Mr. Scribs started out) and I'm glad I listened to her!  The only suggestion I have...ICED TEA!  :-)  I really hope this place lasts because good pizza is hard to find in the West Valley!Plus...they also offer a 100% guarantee.  No really, they do...if you are not happy with your pizza, they pretty much give you your money back!  We definitely didn't have to go in on that!
4	We got carry-out from Mr Scribs and found the product to be good, though on the expensive side. The thin crust was bland and unremarkable, but the cheese blend was very good and the toppings were plentiful and fresh. The only problem, which may cause us not to go back, is the very limited menu. They have pizza. Period. My wife (not as big a pizza fan as me) usually likes a salad or maybe even some garlic bread. We were shocked to find that a second stop, at another restaurant, was our only non-pizza option.Really hope they expand their menu, soon.
5	I'm from Michigan and remember Mr. Scribs being my favorite pizza there. So when I heard it was now in Goodyear I was elated!  There simply is no better pizza around in my opinion. It's absolutely perfect.  Maybe a bit pricey? -- but I'll bite the bullet or hope for another coupon in the mail. With the coupon I used I got. 3 topping 16" for about $10ish dollars. Very reasonable with coupon. Hoping they bring the cauliflour side to AZ!  yum. Anyway, dont hesitate to try... And wear your loose pants because you will eat way more than normal.
3	Nice new place in Goodyear.  Attractive interior (unsurprising, as it's brand new).  Very, very good thin crust - not NY or Chicago-style.  I'm a native NYer, and I've been searching for a great NY-style slice for about a year now.  This isn't it, but it's still very good pizza.  From what I can tell, they use a higher quality cheese than any of their competition in the West Valley that I've tried thus far.  It's certainly not 5-star pizza, but it's better than many of the other options on this side of Phoenix.
5	This is hands-down the best place to get pizza. We order once a week like clockwork. It does help to have a coupon since it is a tad pricey but the mailers make it very affordable. Do try the new choc chip cookie!  It's definitely that homemade kind, not the frozen dough type they try to pass off as homemade. They really do honor their guarantee!  Although never had to use it (because its the best like I said) they have called us after each pizza to ensure we were happy. Outstanding service. Highly recommend. Side comment, I am a Michigan native so to have them here in the Valley too is awesome!
4	I'll settle at 4 stars.  It's my wife's favorite - she absolutely loves this pizza.I think it's just OK - not a huge fan of the crust or cheese, but the toppings are very good.So 5* for her and 3* for me.The service is absolutely fantastic though.  First time they called to check up on our order we were a little thrown off - now we expect it.You can tell they care about their product and it's definitely worth checking out.  Everyone has different tastes so if you are like my wife you'll love the pizza and at worst you'll still have a great experience.
2	Really nice and helpful staff. But...what's up with the craze of cutting pizza in squares? Not all people like eating pizza with a fork and in some countries, it's against the law. However, here in the land of the free, some like to eat pizza with a fork, especially when it's right out of the oven. Unfortunately, the flimsy plastic utensils at Mr. Scribs are borderline useless after a few cuts due to the heat of the pizza and pressure required to sculpt the right sized bite. Speaking of bite, I asked for extra sauce and barely got any at all. What if I hadn't ordered extra sauce? Things to ponder. Anyway, the cheese mix was heavy on cheddar which leaves a nacho aftertaste post swallow. On to the nit-pickey stuff, the parmesan cheese shakers clogged easy. Standard you might say but that's a sign of low grade cheese and possibly being stale. No beer either. Two stars because it was at least edible. I will not be back nor would I recommend it to a friend.
4	Pizza was fantastic, fresh and hot, and gluten free pizza was great.  All the toppings were superb, obviously fresh cut. I will definitely be going back. Only downside is their limited hours, rarely open for lunch.
4	The pizza is consistently good and the staff consistency friendly.  I like thin crust and their's is always crispy.  The atmosphere is pleasant to look at, clean, and they have a few TVs and fun music playing.  Someone came to check on us twice while eating, which was nice.  I will say they keep it much hotter in there than I prefer, and my hair was actually dripping wet when I left and I couldn't wait to leave so I could get into the car A/C.
5	Great Pizza!  Don't let the name fool you.  It reminds me of of the Chicago style place "Dino's that used to be in Old Litchfield.  Very tasty.  I say the best in the Litchfield area (since Dino's went out of business) and has become our favorite.  I have only got take out and have used their online ordering.  My favorite is the double sausage, mushroom & onion.
5	I can't say enough good stuff about this pizza!  Thin crust that is beyond perfection. Freshest of ingredients that add the perfect amount of robust flavor!Prices are amazing and the staff is still as friendly as ever!  This time we ordered basil, tomato, and garlic.  Good, gooder, and goodest! (I'm a teacher...I know these aren't real words...but hey, It's a review and it's MY review! hehe)The sauce is very savory and there is always that 'just right" amount on your pizza pie!  Thanks for having us again and even though we showed up before closing...thanks for still having a smile on your face and perfection on the plate!
5	Really good thin crust pizza. They make their own dough, sauce and no precooked sausage, it's fresh! The service was fast and the staff was very accommodating. They just received their beer license and we were the first customers to be served beer. Great pizza and a cold beer, doesn't get any better than that!!
4	Tonight was my first visit and I really enjoyed the pizza. The pies were served round and cut into squares. The crust was thin and baked to a perfect crisp. That stood out to me the most but the ingredients were great also. The pepperoni had that sharp taste that it should. I love basil and was not disappointed. The onions were crisp, the ham had the same robust taste as the pepperoni and the pineapple pieces deserve their own separate review.I'll be back for sure.
5	We purchased groupon for Mr. Scribs pizza resently in the area and ordered a pizza.We are from NY,NJ area and are very good judge of a good pizza. Mr. Scribs has to be the best we have had in the Goodyear area. The dough was thin which we enjoy the cheese stringy and good flavor good amount of pepperoni . The cashier was very friendly and helpful waited on you with a smile. We will be back!!!!!
4	Great Crust. Love the square-cut. Nice inside and the service was fantastic. Simple menu that let's the pizza and ingredients do the talking.
5	Alright Mr. Scrib's, you got me hooked! I fell for the Groupon and decided to try your pizza..........boy am I glad I did! I just got done committing a sin in my living room, scarfing down the entire pizza with my husband! I am very picky when it comes to pizza. The truth is, I am a big girl and I love to eat but I won't waste my time eating garbage when I can spend it eating something delicious. I am looking forward to spending more time in the future eating your delicious pizza. I knew the moment I took the first bite that everything was fresh, I could just taste the freshness and the cheese blend and sauce are like none other! Anyone who has the nerve to criticize this pizza is obviously a few slices short of a full pie. To all of those haters, I suggest next time you lay off the illicit drugs and or alcohol before you go back. I am sure once you give it an honest, sober taste, you will agree with me because I am always right. Just ask my husband.
5	Yum! Great thin-crust Chicago-style pizza. Delish homemade toppings to choose from AND great tasting GLUTEN-FREE pizza.
5	The best pizza you can get!
4	Good pizza; they fill their toppings all the way to thr end so there is no crust. That's the reasons i gave them four our of five cuase boy do I love me some crust. Overall, I highly reccommend Mr. Scribe and they are very military friendly! Which is a plus in my book.
5	The pizza is great. I'm not usually a fan of thin crust, but the sauce is so tasty and they don't skimp on the toppings at all. It's definitely my new favorite pizza place.
5	Outstanding pizza!  Love the crust, the ingredients, and the sauce.  We've been going 2 to 3 times per month for about a year now.  We've never gone to any other pizza place as frequently.  It is a delightful splurge that the whole family looks forward to every week.  My wife loves the food as does my 5 year old son and almost 2 year old daughter.  Their weekend special ensures something yummy for everyone at a reasonable price: a large pizza, a kids pizza, and a huge cookie baked fresh!  My son also loves to come with me to pick up so he can draw creative designs on their cool wall and always looks forward to getting a mustache to wear!  I sincerely hope they stay in business - they are kind of hidden and I don't know too many people who are familiar with them yet.
2	I'm originally from Detroit, so seeing this is a chain in Michigan now a few miles from my house in Arizona, I was quite psyched to eat here. You go to the counter to order and pay for your food, then seat yourself.We ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, mushroom and extra cheese along with two sodas. The total was $21.12. They have lots of neat old electronics decorating the inside, from old console TVs to 8-track players and even an old projector and a ViewMaster! Cool stuff!The pizza was cut into squares. I don't know why, since this is traditionally done with a square pizza, not a round pizza. The problem is that it makes it quite messy to eat and because there are so many more slices as a result, when the person cutting the pizza doesn't press down hard enough on the pizza cutter, what you really have is a 'suggestion' of where the cuts are, requiring a knife to actually cut the crust and separate the pieces, over and over and over and over again.The pizza would be easier to eat if if were cut traditionally, and wouldn't be as messy. But that doesn't matter if it tastes good.  However, this pizza was not bad, but it was not what I consider to be 'good,' either.The crust, cheese and pepperoni were excellent. The sauce tasted flat, almost like something was missing. My wife thought it tasted salty. I didn't notice a salty taste, but I predict it was coming from the pepperoni.They used fresh mushrooms, but they didn't seem to have the same flavor or texture as fresh mushrooms typically have on a pizza, but that may be because of how they cut them or how 'fresh' they actually were.I really wanted to like this place and I left disappointed. If this was my pizza place, I would offer a 'tangy' pizza sauce, I would cut the pizza traditionally and I would offer garlic powder in addition to grated Parmesan cheese and crushed red pepper shakers they currently offer.They brag nothing has changed since 1961 with regards to how they make their pizza. If this is how it was in 1961, I'm glad I wasn't alive back then. Sometimes change is good! Better yet, offering customers choices is even better. Would it be a big deal to offer a 'white' pizza or other types of sauces? The cost would be low and the variety would be increased ten-fold.It has promise, but I doubt I'll be seeing any changes given how they brag they haven't ever changed, so I have no reason to go back and try them again.I have to remember not every restaurant in Michigan is great, but I was hoping this was one of them. Sadly, I was wrong.PS - Friendly staff but the location is a bit hard to find since it's buried in a crowded  multi-strip mall and only faces traffic heading one direction, so if you're coming from any of the other three possible directions, it cannot be seen from the road and there are several shopping centers on each corner, so good luck picking the right one to drive around to find it.
5	Great pizza! Suggestion put more sauce on pizza. I will go back!
3	I guess it is just us as most reviews are glowing. We were just not impressed with taste. When it came out it was full of cheese and toppings though it seemed under done as there was no crispness to the crust that I've read in other reviews. We were excited that the sauce is made from scratch but when we dug in we both were disappointed. It just tasted odd, not spoiled or poor quality just something was off. Maybe it just needed another moment in the oven? Either way with nothing else on the menu, salad, wings etc I can say we will cross it off our list. Liked the white board for kids while you wait and the decor was neat.
