5	I recently lost my dear sweet Emma, a  Rhodesian Ridgeback dog, to cancer.     The ENTIRE staff at Whole Pet were amazingly competent, empathetic, helpful and available to me and Emma during a hard time.  The doctors were knowledgeable and resourceful and explained everything and my options.     I am forever indebted to them for their compassion and hope that anybody who needs help will do themselves a favor and go see these people.      Cheers.
5	Amazingly compassionate and intelligent staff. The receptionist knows my name, my dog's name, his allergies and meds, and the staff was so gentle with my dog when he was getting an IV during a serious liver disease scare (which they were able to catch early enough and treat instantly, bringing him from an emaciated lethargic dog to a vibrant, stronger and healthier than EVER guy full of wiggles and love) that my dog just curled up in their lap to nap.First time we went in was supposed to be a routine check-up that revealed serious disease in my little guy, so what was a check-up turned into a 5-hour-long appointment with IVs. They set up an exam room entirely for him, got him warm blankets, and kept an eye on him while I ran my boyfriend to work.The vets and staff are incredibly knowledgeable and kind, give wonderful support, are raw-food friendly (definitely a rarity, unfortumately), and are responsive to all kinds of questions and details.
5	Great staff, great service, very knowledgeable and considerate. My three cats and I go here as they were highly recommended by one of my co-workers. The staff is super friendly and always willing to listen to my questions and concerns. They also have a specific room just for cats, which is really helpful, and they are always great at making them (and their human!) comfortable. I also love that they take the time to explain everything to you and they are not pushy in the least - they outline services that are available and that they recommend, and they give you a choice. I also love that the staff is knowledgeable about species appropriate pet foods (read: carnivores need meat!), which is a rarity for vets. My cats and I are so happy to have found a vet we can trust and I for one am glad to know they will always be in good hands.
5	Great!  Knowledgeable doctors have taken great care of all my dogs. They practice modern medicine and offer holistic options which was exactly the balance we were looking for in a vet.
5	Wonderful staff. Since I just take my cat in once a year for check-ups, I always have a lot of questions.  The were very patient with me and didn't rush me at all. I also like that they have a special cat window that I think made the visit a little less stressful for everyone.  They  give all the options for recommended care and aren't pushy at all, unlike other places I've been.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Whole Pet. We took our cat here last night. The vet tech and vet, Erica, were incredibly knowledgeable, helpful and patient. We have a "problem cat" so we warned them that she could be difficult to wrangle. They said they had some tricks for that and, amazingly, they worked. (Feliway, kitty burrito, tapping on the head for distraction.) They listened to all of our questions and spend a lot of time thoughtfully responding. They explained how much everything would cost in advance and gave us options. Full service is what you get here--down to cleaning up the stress poo and pee. Erica even went so far as to help us clean out the carrier, put it back together, and gently put our cat in. Unreal! We have gone to lots of different vets in several states but Whole Pet by far blows everyone else away.
5	I love Whole Pet Vet! I recommend them to everyone I know :)
5	Still love them! The vets, Megan, Lisa, and Erica are all so nice and very patient. They make sure all of your questions and concerns are addressed (including everything from grain free dog foods to doggie seat belts!). The vet techs are all SUPERB! Overall a very talented, just wonderful group! I wouldn't take my pup anywhere else.
5	Really personable. They listen to you. Give you lots of options. Are up front about their pricing. They understand the benefits of a raw diet and they care about their patients. I was very very impressed.As soon as i arrived at Whole Pet, I felt like family.  They treated me and my dogs like I had always gone there.  So glad I found this place!
5	Wow. This place is fantastic. My cat has been ill. I came here for a second opinion on his diagnosis and care. Everyone I spoke to from start to finish was kind and helpful. They ran the tests that were needed and explained not only why they were needed but what the results meant. After the experience I had today I will be moving all of my pets over to this clinic. I feel comfortable with the diagnosis, and I feel informed and educated. Even my cat loved it there! This is the first time I've ever brought my cat home from the vet and he didn't immediately run and hide!
5	We have taken our dogs here over the past two years and have had very good experiences with Dr. Erica.  She is exceedingly patient and comes across as quite knowledgeable.  The staff has been very kind to us, allowing us plenty of time on the terrible day when one of our dogs needed to be euthanized (he was 14, but it was "too soon" nonetheless). Overall, I feel comfortable taking our two pooches to this clinic.  We're usually able to get appointments within a few days of calling or even sooner when there's been a dire situation.  We never have felt rushed during our appointments or like my 1,397 questions are stupid (yeah, I am THAT client...is anyone really surprised?!).  They have always called promptly with test results, even calling an hour and a half after their closing time recently  to give us results we were worried about (now that's dedication to fecal samples!)  ;)   Finally, the vet tech will usually go over all vaccines/procedures with you prior to the vet coming in and give you a printed quote for each item.  It's nice to know what things cost while you're having the conversation with the vet so you can make informed choices.  All in all, good customer service and kind, knowledgeable staff who don't make you feel rushed - win-win for me!
5	I just moved here and my cat was due for her yearly checkup, so I called Whole Pet after reading the reviews for it (and some other nearby clinics). I was impressed right away because they had an appointment available the very next morning and the receptionist was very nice on the phone.All of the staff was so incredibly kind and made both myself and my kitty feel welcome. They took plenty of time to explain things, made sure I got estimates of how much not only that day's services would cost but also how much other services I was interested in would be. My cat also got a free nail trim for free because it was our first visit and they showed me how to do it so I could do it at home.I have to say I was really quite impressed with this place. It's clean, smells nice, everyone is very nice and helpful, and I will definitely be continuing to take my cat there.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this clinic. We relocated to Madison from NYC with our 4 cats, two of whom have serious medical conditions, and tried two other veterinary clinics in town before we finally found Whole Pet. We chose them based on the website, which listed a holistic approach to treatment, and went for a second opinion on one of our cats, who had been diagnosed with kidney disease. Best decision we ever made! Whole Pet is staffed by knowledgeable, kind, patient vets and techs. Everybody there seems to genuinely like animals and I'm convinced the pets know it as much as us owners. Dr. Caldwell and Dr. Hellestad have provided truly excellent treatment to all our cats, and have gone above and beyond their duty to help us understand treatment options and make informed decisions. Visits are never, ever rushed, the doctors and the techs always take the time to explain everything, and answer all our questions no matter how busy they might be or how late in the day it is. They have been able to see our pets on short-notice and always follow up with phone calls to see how they are doing. Prices are really not bad, and we are always provided with an estimate of cost, which always includes a cheaper options along with a more expensive one. We have never been pushed to chose the most expensive option, and the focus of care has always been on the pets, never on the money. We feel so lucky to have found Whole Pet and I'm happy to recommend it.
5	I took my cat to her first Vet visit, and the vet, Erica,  and her staff were wonderful and friendly. They didn't try to get me to spend a bunch of money. I recommend them to everybody. I'm definitely going back.
5	When I moved to Madison I asked everyone I knew for vet recommendations. I wanted a vet who was holistic, in touch, and really knew their stuff for my diabetic cat. Whole Pet was the most recommended by far.I'm so pleased. Every time I've been in Whole Pet, I am impressed by the quality of care. When my cat went through a blood sugar crash and into remission, Whole Pet worked with care and attention with me, the emergency vet clinic, and my cat. Their advice on more routine things, like dental health and nutrition, is often the same I would give in my work with pets. I have several friends who take their furry friends here and say great things as well - especially about the compassion and professionalism in Whole Pet's end-of-life care. From someone who works with people and their pets everyday - Whole Pet is hands down, my favorite vet clinic in Madison.
5	I've been to Whole Pet almost every week in the past month due to my cat's pancreatitis and diabetic relapse. No fun but Whole Pet has really lessened the stress by being so kind and flexible. Taz, being the sweet, incredibly chill cat he is, has a bit of a fan club after so much time there. Whenever I call, the receptionists are genuinely excited to hear how he's doing and they've been excellent about working with my not-very-forgiving schedule for blood glucose checks and the like. Just had to give another rave, Whole Pet! The skills of the doctors here are matched by the level of service from everyone on staff and it's much appreciated.
5	Whole Pet has taken care of my shih tzu for almost 3 years.  Every staff member from front desk, to tech, to vet is so kind and informative.  The always offer advice, detailed descriptions, as well as take-home reading.  I also love that they are on top of their e-mail for documents and scheduling. Great service.
5	I am new to the area and discovered Whole Pet Vet Clinic when my standard poodle, Beau, became unexpectedly ill. The staff are friendly and informative. Whole Pet Vet clinic was accommodating to my needs and allowed my dog to come stay for the day and have the vet check him out between appointments. (They were all booked up appointment wise.) The cost for this service was minimal ($15 I think?). Awesome! Whole pet does a nice job of advising pet owners about all their options regarding medicating and vaccinating pets. It's nice to know they're not always trying to tack on more to the bill. Plus, they always give a high and a low estimate for the services you'll be receiving that day, so there's no surprises. Finally, I love that Whole Pet calls with lab results whether they're good or bad. It's just nice to know for sure!
5	I have been taking my senior dog here for the past few years. He unexpectedly hurt his neck on a Tuesday night and Whole Pet Clinic was able to see him Wednesday afternoon. I was happy that they were able to see him so soon because he was clearly in pain. The veterinarian put my dog, Ozzy, on a heavy pain treatment along with muscle relaxers. They did not see the need for x-rays, but if no improvement was noted then x-rays would be necessary. After his doctor visit, Ozzy got better every day. I  found it very kind that they called the next morning to see how Ozzy had done throughout the night. My dog is older and he can be aggressive with strangers, but the staff at the clinic is super welcoming and he tends to behave very well around them. This clinic does not offer payment plans, but they do accept Care Credit. However, if you are not able to get Care Credit then be prepared to pay on the spot. X-rays can run from $105 (one view) to $175 (multiple view), the visit is roughly around $50, fecal exam for parasites is $25. This is just so you get an idea of the pricing points, but it can be different for any pet! Although this clinic is a bit more expensive than other places I've been to, I can say with confidence that I feel comfortable taking my dog here and that he is in good hands. Ultimately, that is what truly matters!
