2	We were pretty disappointed this this buffet.  Like the user below, we couldn't find a review on Yelp, but Frommer's rated it pretty good so we decided to give it a try while we were checking out Downtown Las Vegas.  This buffet is severely lacking and overpriced in my opinion.  The selection was weak, the sushi was absolutely terrible and the roast beef carving station I tried was dry dry dry.  The desserts were also really disappointing.  The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because our waitress was actually really nice and prompt and they serve full size ice cream scoops on sugar cones. For being one of the 'nicer' hotels in Downtown Las Vegas, I was expecting more.  Will definitely never go back.
3	We met up with some Hawaii relatives here for the Saturday Champagne Brunch.I liked it because of the extra brunch offerings.  I'm usually not a fan of breakfast buffets because it's usually the same ol' heavy standard breakfast foods.Everyone went the usual route of eggs, waffles, breakfast meats, etc.They all went to get custom-made omelets.  Normally, I would have been right there with them getting my favorite spinach-mushroom omelet but got distracted by other offerings in some of the other stations.I went for the veggie mixes and was delighted to find a goat cheese-grape tomato mix.  (This was the main dish for me!)  Also had some grilled fish (mahi mahi?).  There were several sugar-free breakfast desserts to tempt me, but went with the yogurt-granola mix.The lady serving our table took really good care of us.  Since it was still really early, there weren't too many other diners.So the atmosphere was pretty relaxed & enjoyable.I actually wouldn't mind coming back here.
4	What can I say....I like their buffet.  Baron of beef!, cream puffs....
2	chose this out of sheer convenience a while back....   I wish the server felt like it was convenient to bring our drinks in a timely fashion.....  and then follow up to take away our plates....   spread - no selection... I really felt like I wanted my money back.... the cashier at the front was rude and clearly hated her job as I heard her bad mouth Golden Nugget and the buffet several times to other patrons... i rated 2 stars because you could always do worse in my opinion... still I wouldnt recommend...
3	The Golden Nugget's buffet was pretty good. We payed 17 dollars a person which is fairly cheap compared to some buffets in Vegas.By far we ate the shrimp and crab legs the most. The selection was good: seafood, asian, Italian, American, plenty of desserts.If your in the area this is a perfectly fine buffet to go to but no need to drive out of your way to come here.
1	We stayed at the Golden Nugget so naturally we thought we would give their buffet a shot.  Terrible idea....When we first walked in we were not impressed at all.  The decor was tacky, screamed old people, country kitchen.  The selection was not the best.  Paid like $18.00 for champagne brunch.  My husband had some fried chicken which was extremely dry.  I opted for the chicken fried steak, which after one bite, was the worst chicken fried steak I have ever tasted!  It tasted like something from my old high school cafeteria.  We immediately went and got our money back.  We then took a cab to the Treasure Island buffet.  It was better, but still not great.  I am starting to think the Vegas Buffet idea is over hyped!
1	One of the worst meals I've ever had. It was like bad cafeteria food. No redeeming qualities and bad value too at almost $20 per person. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
2	This buffet is a classic case of you get what you pay for. I went there after playing some poker downstairs. I won so I was in a good mood. Unfortunately the food was just average at best. I give it an extra star because the ice cream was good.
2	Small and cozy. Nice and friendly waitress.To small selection, roast beef was over cooked and dry, same goes for the turkey.
2	I've been coming to the Golden Nugget for fifteen years, and have seen the changes it's gone through. While I approve of moving the buffet upstairs to its new updated area, the buffet itself has really suffered. This used to be a four star buffet in food quality, service, and layout. Now it rates a two. The layout of the buffet is such that the omelets and carving lines block access to most of the hot dishes. The selection of fresh fruit us limited to cantaloupe only, there is no shrimp or crab at lunch. As a matter of fact, the only thing they have a passable assortment of is desserts. The quality of the food has also dropped substantially. Dried out turkey, pressed canned ham, and soup from a can is not what I want to eat. If this is their idea of good food, I know that I am not going to try one of the nicer, more expensive restaurants. Why throw good money after bad?I can't understand how a restaurant chain can take over a hotel casino and screw up the restaurant. The only reason I can give is that Landry's wanted to greatly increase their profit margin.
3	The crab legs were really good and get 4 stars. They serve both hot and seasoned crab legs. I also liked the Shrimp boil. HOWEVER, the rest of the buffet was not good, so overall rating is lower. BUT $21 for good crab legs is alright by me and I would eat here again.
2	Was not worth the money. Food at the Triple 7 is so much better. Go there.
2	This buffet just somehow does not work.  I ate breakfast and it was average lunch ditto and supper same.  They had this huge round of roast beef at dinner.  I had a slice it was so tough I could not cut it with my knife.  The other meat on the carving station was baby back ribs.  The ribs were better than average.  The salad selection was limited but very good.  The Greek Salad was very tasty.  The dessert  section was big but I don't do the sugars so I could not tell you how they tasted.  I did scope out the bread pudding for a friend of mine Stephanie in St. Louis just on the maybe she would eat here.  Stephanie the bread pudding was average sorry.  The two stars is the parent company that owns this should know better.  When the Golden Nugget buffet was under the old management it was head and shoulders above this one.  That is just not right..  They charge enough money to put better food out.  I just don't know why they won't step up to the plate.  For goodness sake Main Street Station is better as is the Paradise at the Fremont.
5	We went for the breakfast buffet, $9.99 a person and it was excellent. They had a person making omelets and fried eggs as well as the standard scrambles eggs, bacon, sausage, etc in the buffet line. Everything was hot, there were also biscuits and gravy, chicken fried steak, French toast. Basically everything you can think of on a breakfast buffet, with good quality and everything was hot!
4	I accidentally stumbled upon this buffet. We were in downtown Vegas doing some good old daytime drinking and wandering around when it hit us. We hadn't ate anything all day! Time to find some grub and fast.We were wondering in and out of almost every casino till we somehow made it to the second floor of the Golden Nugget. We scoped out the lunch buffet, and for $11 we gave it a shot. For a buffet, I thought it was pretty tasty. Granted, I do not eat meat, so I can't vouch for their meat dishes, but they had plenty of options for both vegetarians and carnivores. I read the previous reviews only after going here, and disagree with them. I don't know if I just came at the right time, but all dishes were freshly put out. I filled up on their numerous salads. Artichoke/tomato mix, caprese, pasta salad, 4 bean salad, and potato salad. All were delicious. I also had some mac and cheese that was pretty tasty too. The GN buffet really hit the spot, I am so glad we discovered it,
4	Actually, I thought this buffet was pretty darn good! Decent variety of choices - crab legs, fried shrimp, hush puppies, chinese food, and of course .. prime rib. I have to say, the prime rib here was excellent. Tender, tasty and the outer 'crust' had just the right saltiness to it. Mmmm. Lots of choices from the salad bar section. Many buffets skimp on the fixings in buffet salad bars, but I like those that let me have a variety of raw veggies to pile on as well as shredded cheese and crunchies like sunflower seeds and/or croutons. Desserts were pretty good. Fresh, moist cakes and a variety of ice cream flavors to choose from. I don't remember the price going in, which I take as a sign that it wasn't ridiculously priced. I want to say it was around $20. Not bad at all.Bonus? Everyone working there was super nice. Always a plus.
1	Our taxi cab driver recommended this place to eat. He said it was the best bang for our buck, he quoted us about $12 or $13 for lunch, however, it proved to be false. It turned out to be over $20! Since we already commited to walking all those stairs, we decided to give it a shot since the ladies guarantee us that dinner was about to start and some good seafood was coming out.Right when we sat down, our waitress greeted us with bottomless mimosas! We quickly turned our frowns upside down, nothing like a little booze to cheer up our wallets. The food was so so, I just snacked a bit here and there because I wanted the dinner seafood selection. Raw oysters and crab legs! I was the first person to attacked the tray of oysters and something smelled a little fishy. Should realized it was a bad omen, but I continued down the line and got a plate of crab legs. The crabs were delicious, but the labor was just not worth it. After I finished up the legs I went for the oysters, it tasted a little off and warm. Needless to say, it didn't measure up to par so I stopped eating it. As I reached for my mimosa to wash down the weird taste, I noticed I was low on refreshment. I realized we switch waitress and that bottomless mimosas were only during lunch and not dinner. How disappointing...Next morning, I woke up with intense stomach pain. I think those warm, odd tasting oysters were not settling well in my tummy. Never eat raw oyster at a buffet or not chilled on ice.
3	The Lunch Buffet -$12 Even though it was Veterans Day & several local places were offering FREE Buffets for Vets (like myself) including the Main Street Station Casino right around the block, this was not on my agenda and I proceeded forward to try this one. It didnt start off well as the elevator door kept opening up even though nobody was there to get on & it wasnt going down. So I took the escalator down to the gift shop & bought a paper & went back up to the buffet on the 2nd floor. NBD. Then, once seated, there was the issue wt the lighting once again and I asked to be moved to a place wt better light so I could read my paper. I was gladly moved to a seat next to the full window overlooking the pool and its Aquarium, VERY COOL!! However, I did notice that at the pool ALL the guest were laying directly on the lounge pads & NO towel was being offered or laid out for them. I'm surprised as this is VERY unsanitary. Whatever, I'm not going there and laying on someone elses sweat & suntan lotion mess & its .NOT my problem.At $12 it was a little pricey for lunch but FINALLY this buffet selections actually had some flavor to it, unlike the previous reviewed buffet. The Collard greens actually had real bacon in them and were very good & required no salt at all. The Beef Teriaki wt brocoli was actually "over sauced" & to rich but when mixed wt the Pepper, Onions & beef/chicken was very good and the perfect mix of all the ingredients blended together. And while there was no sushi (insert sad face here), there was shrimp cocktail wt medium sized pealed shrimp and a crab salad, both of which were not bad at all.Also the Shreded  BBQ beef was very good and full of flavor. I didnt try the fried chicken or anything  from the carving station but it all looked real good and of a high quality.The waitstaff didnt seem that friendly & helpful as my water glass went empty for quite sometime as they all casually walked by until a nice oriental lady offered to refill it even asking me if I wanted something else to drink . I didnt, but thanked her just the same.The desert station wasnt that impressive and seemed to offer alot of mini cream puffs, cheesecakes, & the likes. I wasnt impressed at all and when I asked the lady scooping the ice cream what flavor one was she had no idea. LOL! I had a scoop anyway and I have NO IDEA what it was either (Maple? Butter Pecan? Carmel???) but it was good with a half slice of mini pecan pie. Overall I'd say that out of the 3 buffets downtown, for lunch, this is the best and the table views overlooking the pool & aquarium rock and must really be sensational at night!!
2	I love buffets.. and for Las Vegas I guess you sorta want the best of the best in buffets.  We paid $17 per person for this place and it was ok at best.  The food seemed like it was out for quite a while and they werent exactly speedy on replacing it with fresh food.I guess the best buffets out there arent the ones at the big casinos, but the small places.  Heck even for GOlden Nugget, I was hoping even with it not being that big.  Ehh.. Oh well. Will I go back?  Sure...  but not for dinner.
3	If you have a coupon or you are already in the Freemont Street area this place is good eats at a pretty decent price.  All of the food is tasty, though nothing is high dollar and nothing is particularly unique.  The main problem here is that the buffet is pretty small, where you might find 5-6 large stations at a buffet on the strip, this place has 3 + Desert.  If you count the bread and salad island it's 4 but that is a stretch.The staff is friendly and pretty attentive.  they could be around a little more but Every time they passed me they checked my glass so it was more that they didn't come by as much as I would like, I didn't get ignored.The seating here as uncommonly comfy, the chairs were well padded and as a fat bastard I appreciate being comfy while I inhale astonishing quantities of food.All in all it was a solid mid grade affair.  I would go again if I were in the area.
4	On Monday the 7th, we had the 2nd best service (thanks to Kristin at the Hideout) of our trip. The hostess was friendly, nice and went out of her way for us even though we "look like trouble". The selection was great and our waiter was excellent as well. Thanks.
3	My sister and I are not usually to excited by the idea of buffett eating, but we new we had to try one whil ein Vegas over the weekend.  Since we were staying at the Golden Nugget we decided to try ther breakfast buffet this past Sunday.  We went in with a game plan- scope it out, and then make tiny plates, eat slow, and drink a glass of champaign in between eat plate of food.We went early and got to sit near the windows overlooking the pool.  It was a good people watching spot.  I enjoyed everything there, (especially the omlet bar, and the turkey sausage dipped in syrup- sad to say though- I DIDN"T EAT ANY DESSERRTTTSSSS.  I was so full.
1	Bread pudding with bourbon sauce is great! Avoid everything else. Elementary school cafeteria quality food.
2	WEAK. For a "Nevada" casino buffett its week.TI's is better. Luxor's is better. PM's is better.Why is it weak? There was very limited food selection.
3	We were in downtown looking for a place to eat, we had the buffet years ago and it was ok, so we decided to give it a try for dinner. I have to say were were very pleasantly surprised, this was much better than any buffet I have had in the past. There was a large variety of food, mostly seafood but plenty for those of us that don't eat seafood. They had a baked chicken that was so moist and flavorful, I had to go back twice. They also had your carving station with Turkey, beef and ribs, served with grilled veggies. Wonderful.. A build you own pasta bar was good, but be careful, it was a large serving. The waiter was excellent, right on it with drinks and clearing plates. The food was very fresh for buffet food, nothing seemed to be sitting for very long.. everything had that homemade taste.. I was so full I didn't get to try the dessert, they had a wonderful selections of cakes, eclairs and ice cream you could get on the cone or in a dish.
2	If your reading this your probably in/from San Diego. If that's true then we have access to some of the best Buffet's in the country at our Reservation Gaming hotel/casino's. Golden Nugget Buffet is a far cry from even the mediocre buffets in San Diego. The crab legs were small, not as clean as I like. The oysters were dry, the prime rib was bland and dry. The shrimp was not peeled and the buttery fly fried shrimp was dry and hard as a rock. The server was nice and was at our service, but the initial sit down took a few extra minutes. For $28 I got a 2 star buffet, but back home I can get 5 stars for $22. The chairs were uncomfortable, but the drunk bachelorette party near us gave us ample entertainment.
1	Um.... for dinner, it's way overpriced for what they offer, which is really nothing.  The only thing I could really go for is the roasted chicken, because the roast beef was inedible.  I can't stand having to peel shrimp cocktail so I skipped on that.  I couldn't even go for the mexican food area because the guacamole looked like sour cream that turned green.As for breakfast, it might be more worth it.  It's like around $11 and it's cheaper than if you go to the cafe right downstairs.  They have eggs benedict, but they overpoach the eggs... all of them.
4	I love this place for champagne brunch. I have gone to other large casinos for champagne brunch, where they are stingy on the mimosa part but not Golden Nugget. The drink waitresses refills and refills and leaves the container with a group of 5 drunken 20 somethings is beyond awesome. Their food yes is average but they have a good make your own omelet station and salad bar. I loved the mashed potatoes. Pancakes were good. Place like I said I have been to the bigger more expensive buffets where most of the food tasted just like the Golden Nuggets. Biggest difference I believe is when it comes to the desserts. So go here for Sunday Champagne brunch. Awesome.
1	This is the worst place to eat. All of the food was nasty. Never, ever, ever, again!!!
3	It was good. Went here for breakfast.  I  liked that they had a smoked salmon and bagel fixins area.   We didn't have to wait in line at all on a Sunday morning. It wasn't a gigantic buffet but they had everything I wanted.  Not sure they shoulda charged $20 a person---$15 prolly more appropriate but whatev.
3	We had a 2 for 1 coupon so that made up for some of the negatives.This is standard mid range buffet fare.  It all was presented nicely and looked good, but the official tasters must have had the day off.  Just about everything tasted generic.The only standout was the chef making omelets and eggs.  He did a very good job of getting the eggs just the way I wanted them.
2	Good cheap breakfast.Small selection of food for a buffet. Service was a little slow to get drinks, I had to flag someone down.The restaurant is really dark.
4	Champagne brunch was great and our waitress was wonderful
1	Expensive ($23pp!), and not good.  Nothing flows or goes together, line is weird & laid out so you start near desserts...just plan weird and not good.  Example: they had fajita meats (chicken & steak, with some peppers and onions & spices), but no shells of any kind or flavor, no toppings/garnishes......at the grill...they had a baked (bone-in) chicken, grilled porkchop or some weird white fish fried and covered in egg...?!  WTH?
2	This was one of the more of the expensive buffets I had in Vegas, $21 a person dinner on Monday and it just wasn't that good.  Just down the street at 4 Queens we had a great meal for $9.
1	Totally gone down the tube. Way overpriced for food out of a box. Deserts are dry, old and inedible. Meat is like boot leather. The oysters stunk of dead fish. Plus just like the Paradise Buffet at Freemont, they were stuck to the shell. Very old.   Wait staff was as rude as they come. Wanted a 20% gratuity for my party of 8. This is a BUFFET dang it. WE get our OWN FOOD. Then they seated us 4 to a table across the room from each other. The buffet had 15 people in it. They did this out of spite. Stay away.
2	First off, I know you can only do so much with a buffet.  After a while everything tastes the same.  My wife and I went to the breakfast buffet in November.  First off the moved the buffet to the second floor.  The line for the buffet is poorly planned.  There is a line to the cashier to pay, but no space to wait for the hostess to seat you.  So after you pay you are getting crammed by other people paying while you are waiting to be seated.  Just strange in my opinion.  The food there is your basic breakfast food.  Nothing great, just average.  Some of the food was not kept hot enough or replaced fast enough when they ran out.  Overall, probably better places to eat for the price and atmosphere.
5	You guys are trippin. We really enjoyed our buffet last Saturday night, St. Patrick's Day.  At their carving station they had a huge corned beef,  the prime rib was rare and delicious, they also had ribs, and turkey which I didn't try, but looked really good too.  They had crab, both cocktail and hot.  In my opinion it was worth it just for the crab and prime rib. Our server was very attentive too.  I told him how much I loved the Bourbon sauce, ice cream, and some kind of wonderful praline bar, he suggested the bread pudding and even brought it for me with more sauce to boot.
1	It was great that we got Comped tickets for the Friday night Seafood special...but one word to describe it "Horrible" the hot crab legs were mushy and old looking, the seafood stew was mostly sauce with some type of mystery meat floating around, the beets, green beans, mashed potato,etc etc were all canned food type quality, the shrimp and mussel station was nothing more than cooking it it in a cup of butter and some spices.  Save your $dollars and buy a burger at the snack bar next to the sports book.
4	This place deserves more credit than it's getting on Yelp.  The food here was perfectly good and a great deal cheaper than many of the other buffets in Vegas - especially if you have coupons, which we did.  It was a nice selection of food for both breakfast and lunch (Though breakfast is over at 10:30 :( at least the omelet station is open all day).  The staff was pretty attentive and very friendly.
4	We stayed at the Golden Nugget for three days and had a chance to enjoy the buffet twice; both times for breakfast.  The service was exceptional but you can't really screw up serving coffee or juice (well, maybe you can, but this was definitely not the case here during our visit).  We found all of the breakfast items, as well as all of the items on the buffet, to be very high quality.  Hot foods were hot and cold foods were cold.  The freshly made to order omelettes were very good; the ingredients very fresh.  This made us very happy.  We would definitely go back.
4	I got a great meal for the price I paid. I hate seeing reviews talking about how sub par the buffet is, but, Hello! It's not a $30 buffet. I paid $10.99 for breakfast and also got to sample some lunch items. I really enjoyed the French toast and eggs, along with the various pastries that I took a few nibbles of. I also got unlimited refills of orange juice and milk. I would definitely go back again! I would like to try lunch or dinner. The pizza they made was delicious and you can't go wrong with a scoop of ice cream to complete your meal.
1	Ok folks, here's the deal. We paid $18.99 for dinner (each). We were starving...and only able to eat the pizza and chicken salad. The salad bar looked good but we didn't want salad. The roast beef had no flavor, the "salisbury steak" was grizzly and couldn't be chewed easily. You have to peel your shrimp, the chinese food was oil coated with gobs of salt for flavor. Really, the pizza wasn't bad but just limited choices of cheese, peperoni or sausage.  My mom is in her 60's and I in my 40"s, and both agreed after more than 35 years of buffetting in Vegas...this was the worst for quality and price. We aren't that picky, but you can get much much better for a heck of a lot less. My advice is go anywhere else...you can't do much worse for this price.
2	Nothing to write home about. It's your typical low budget buffet. I wasn't expecting to see an elaborate spread so I really didn't have high expectations. I should've lowered my "low" expectation. The reviews are mixed so we must've picked an off day to eat dinner here. Nothing really stood out expect for the pizza alfredo which the pizza guy hand tosses and makes from scratch. Everything else was just blah. The roast beef was dry and tasteless. When the guy served it me, he practically flung it on my plate and looked angry. When I asked for the au jour sauce, he acted like it was inconveniencing him. I was handing him the bowl to put the sauce in but he ignored the bowl, grabbed my plate and dumped the sauce all over my food! Literally. I mean he didn't just put it on the meat, he put it all over my whole plate. Sheesh, who does that? My plate and the rest of my food was drenched. The fried chicken which was now drenched in that sauce was also tasteless. The mashed potatoes were good, not fantastic but good and yes they were drenched in that dumb sauce too. Like I mentioned the pizza alfredo was really good. Even though it was drenched in that stupid sauce, I really liked it. In fact that's all I ate after that.As for deserts. it looked very good but looks can deceive. The pastry guy was putting out new deserts and me being one who likes to talk to anyone (annoying right) told him the deserts looked awesome and asked him if they were made in house. He said they weren't and that they were bought at a store! LOLOLOLOLOLZ! OEM! I would never admit that. I did have a good laugh though. The deserts were dry. Nothing special. Will I go back here? Probably not, oh wait, we did go back for breakfast which was pretty good. You can order your eggs how ever you want them. I ordered over medium and asked for 1 egg but the guy misunderstood me and made two. Not a biggie, but the funny thing is, he kept dumping the eggs and making new ones because he didn't like the way they had turned out. I kept telling him it was ok, but I guess he was a bit of a perfectionist...lol. Gotta love Vegas.
5	I sincerely think the Golden Nugget and Fremont street are underrated. My boyfriend and I came to the Golden Nugget for their champagne breakfast two days in a row. Not only was the food awesome, the mimosas were flowing, and our waitress serenaded us. And man oh man, she could sing! What a wonderful unexpected treat! The buffet choices weren't overwhelming, and what items they did offer I felt they did well. The prime rib was tasty, the hot items were appropriately hot. The seafood section had fresh ceviche and peel and eat shrimp. The cream gravy they had for the biscuits and gravy and/or chicken fried steak was some of the best gravy i've had in a long time. The little mini egg rolls in the chinese food section were hot and crispy, and the corn beef hash was just right. The deli section had amazing smoked salmon and other deli meats...and the english muffins that pillowed the eggs benedict was crispy and not soggy! Bonus!We will definitely make the trip back to the Golden Nugget for Champagne buffet! We've never received such amazing service at a buffet, ever. If Diane is working, ask for her! She is by far one of their hidden crown jewels. You won't regret it!
1	This place is the reason why the old downtown is dying. The food is despicable! Stale, stale and stale are the only three words I can think ofSome of the items I dare not eat much less touch as they look more than two days old! I want my money back!  It cost about $25 per person, a total rip offWe went this past Sunday afternoonThe servers have the most sour face I have ever seen at las Vegas I honestly believe that this place is a huge harm for Golden Nugget. Just close it !
3	Pretty decent.  Not the most extravagant buffet in Downtown Las Vegas.  Breakfast is typically best meal for buffets.  Dinner was okay.
2	Blech, do yourself a favor and go to ANY of the buffets on the Strip and you'll get a better bang for your buck. Not worth it.
4	Had a decent dinner for a decent price (Thursday was $18.99). Buffet lines were dog-eat-dog, people can be really rude, but the staff was professional and friendly and the food was plentiful and good. I'd do it again.
1	We went for Sunday Brunch paid close to $50 for two people.  I was so disappointed.  The cashiers were unfriendly and couldn't even pretend to crack a smile. The food was below average at best.  The scrabbled eggs were sitting in an inch of water and looked slimy.  When we remarked about the eggs to one of the cooks, we were ignored.  We asked for orange juice and received orange pop.  I won't go back and I recommend you stay away.  It's not worth it.
2	The biggest problem with the Golden Nugget "The Buffet" is the hostess/seater.  We went for breakfast on a Monday morning, and the line was long.  After we finally got in after about a 30 minute wait (9:30 am), we knew why the wait was so long.  There was only one "seater".  Paying was quick, but with only one seater, one slow seater, we noticed many open, set tables stay open for at least 10 minutes before anyone was seated at them.  We experienced several other buffets where the staff busted their buts cleaning off tables and seating new parties.  The breakfast food at this buffet was decent, and it actually had the best selection of items at its salad bar.  One weird feature about this buffet is that there are yellow lights above most of the tables which makes it hard to differentiate colors on your plate.
2	$20 bucks for brunch buffet on a sunday morning.typical standard buffet in Las Vegashighlights: omelet bar, good ice cream, perfectly cooked bacon.service was kinda slow (even though the place wasn't packed), and the eggs were kind of soggy.If you are desiring breakfast in downtown LV, there are lots of way cheaper options on Fremont St,  ie: $5.99 for steak and eggs, skip the Golden Nugget Buffet.
1	I would like to say you get what you pay for, but even at $18+ on a Saturday for lunch is way overpriced. The lunch here was like hospital food. The service was awesome, but the food was pretty bad. I ended up sick from the salad dressing which possibly went bad. Shit, I avoided everything else but still got it from the dressing. No wonder this was the only buffet in Vegas with no line. I should of just had bread, at least it was pretty decent.
3	I really think I'm spoiled when it comes to buffet's.  The Bellagio knocks my socks off, so the Golden Nugget just makes them slouch.  Honestly, if you go to the Bellagio on the weekend for brunch and get the bottomless mimosas...the Golden Nugget is just the same price.  I can say though that they have a made to order sauteed shrimp bar that we just couldn't get enough of.  We kept going back to try the different combinations of flavors (garlic, spicy, etc).  It's a push for me....I think if I stayed in old Las Vegas I would hit up the Golden Nugget Buffet but if we stayed at the HR as we always do, I probably won't make the trek.
3	OMG, I love a salad bar. And this buffet has one! So there's that.Other than the salad bar, they have your standard buffet fare; prime rib, turkey, pizza, chicken, make-your-own pasta, a bit of seafood and quite a few small desserts. All the stations were manned when I needed them, which is always nice, but the server put my gravy all over everything on the plate (including the pizza) instead of just on the turkey and/or mashed potatoes. Nothing stood out as being super good, but it was plentiful and, well, I always have the salad bar. And the shrimp. I love shrimp. The sushi (California roll-type) was decent, too.They never dallied in taking away dirty plates.
4	Down home American cooking , soul food , thanksgiving dinner , sandwiches and a great view of the pool while pigging out on pork ribs with sweet potatoes . Heck ya
2	Been here twice. Once for dinner and most recently for breakfast. During both visits there was a long line that wrapped around to the escalator. Price isn't bad. For breakfast, the buffet provided cereal, oatmeal, fruit, bread, and an assortment of meat. Highlight of the meal was the ham. Nice and juicy! (Usually I dont like  ham because they tend to be dry.) Tried the oatmeal. It wasn't anything special. The bagel was your typical bagel. However the cream cheese was pretty tough to even scoop out, let alone spread.As for the service (yes there is service at a buffet!), it was slow. I was nearly done with my first plate before the waitress appeared to ask us what we like to drink.Would I come here again? Probably not. But if they gave me a voucher for a free meal, sure I'll use it ;)
1	one of the worst buffets I ever hadmoney better spent at home town buffet (which I don't even really care for)would not ever go back even if it was freeplease think twice about venturing out to their buffet
1	If I could give less than one star, I would. Started off at 4 Queens bell desk.  I asked the bell hop for a good place to eat.  He suggested the buffet at the the Golden Nugget because everything at the the Golden Nugget is top notch and the 4Queens is always playing second fiddle to them.  My wife and I walked over to the Golden Nugget Buffet.  Since it was the holiday, the price was more then usual ($23 per person).  The menu looked good, so I said, why not.  I should have went to McDonalds.  The food was cold and not good tasting.  The prime rib was raw (not rare).  They offered to throw it on the grill for me (gee thanks).  The only thing that was good was the server (Frank).  He was friendly and helpful.  In addition, they charged my credit card an additional $10 for no reason.  If you charge at the buffet, double check your credit card statement, they over charge for real bad food.
3	Good cheap place to eat in Vegas. For two people including drinks for a full Buffet the price was less than $25... NOT BAD for Vegas. The food is tasty and like any other Buffet you have to search and find what food(s) suite your taste buds. I ate here twice during my 4 day stay in Vegas.
3	Lots of buffets to choose from in Las Vegas.  This is probably the only one I would try in the downtown area.The place seemed clean and the food was good.  The selection could be better, but is decent.This particular night the service was not great.  It took a while for drink refills and a long while for plates to be cleared away.At $24 for dinner, it's not a bargain, but it's not really out of line either.  It would be a nice deal at about $18.
2	didnt like it. i thought because it was the golden nugget that it would be realy great, saddly it wasnt. there wasnt alot to chooes from and the hot food wasnt even hot, bearly warm is more like it. and if you like salad, dont bother coming here either it all looked like nobody put any though into the food, just kinda slaped a few styles together and called it a buffet. deffentaly not worth the $18.99
1	The golden nugget is a pretty neat hotel to visit downtown.. Its certainly one of the nicer ones (comparative to downtown hotels). We went to see the Gordan show and have dinner in their buffet. Man.. the buffet was horrible. The prime rib so scary rare.. the only two things I had was shrimp (which was way to soggy) and mac and chz.Thats just sad for a Vegas Buffet.. we wont be visiting any of the eating places here again. (thank goodness I didnt try their expensive steak house)... Way to many awesome restaurants in Vegas to waste your time on anything under 4 starts..The Highlight ?? Leaving .
3	Not bad. I would call this right down the middle for a Las Vegas Buffet. They had all the standard fare like Prime Rib, Ribs, and King Crab Legs. Not the widest variety but friendly staff. Decent price.
1	If I could give it 0 stars I would! 21.99$ for the seafood and more buffet (the only dinner they have). For that price I thought that they would have a big selection. They have cold shrimp, muscles,and oysters; they were in water not ice and looked like they had been sitting out for at least 5 hours. Eek that's gross! I would spend the extra 5-6 dollars and go to the rio instead more food and it is defiantly safer to eat since they take more care of it as far as temp. Goes! I will never be back to this buffet! I guess ppl call it the toilet bowl buffet! Beware!
3	It's alright. I've had better buffets but there was plenty of food to choose from. The place was clean but the food was just....alright. There was prime rib, sea food, some pizza, pasta, salad fixings, and sweets. I just don't think that the price is a bargain. The service was fine when we went. Drinks and re-fills came quickly.
2	The biscuits, chicken fried steak and country gravy were delightful. The standard fare of sausage, bacon, hash browns was here along with grilled veggies. Overall, it was a satisfying meal. Service performed well. We were seated promptly and they refilled our drinks in a timely fashion.I am giving this place a low star rating because of 3 items that ruined this Vegas buffet experience beyond repair.1. Coffee- This was the worst coffee I have ever tasted. Was it even coffee? It tasted like bitter muddy water.2. Breakfast steak- It tasted like freeze dried meat you get out of a military MRE. I nearly vomited after putting this abomination in my mouth.3. Canned fruit- Come on guys. You can't get fresh fruit?
2	I had a breakfast buffet here (they gave it to me for free as I was staying here) and it was acceptable but nothing more really. I used to come to the Golden Nugget often in the 90s and it was much better then. The choice was acceptable, I had some eggs Benedict that were significantly overcooked (probably had been sitting there for too long) and they don't have any options for lattes or cappuccino even with a surcharge. Not nice enough to return.
1	If I could give it 0 stars I would. We got there around 8ish it wasn't supper crowded...now we know why. It's 21.99 for the seafood and more buffet (the only one for dinner they offer)...I was expecting at least some quality seafood. Nope! Literally they cold shrimp, muscles, and oysters. They were suppose to be on ice but they were in mostly water and looked like it had been out for 4-5 hours (not appetizing). The line was 10-15 minutes to just get to the seafood part. They had very minimal selection of pretty much everything. The food was Bland and needed salt. I seriously will not be going back. For 5 dollars more go to the rio....a way better selection for a little bit more!
3	Out of the many buffets in Vegas, this one was pretty good.I had a little bit of fruit, some vegetables, some pasta, some meat. I ordered a Sprite, which I could've got endless refills of if I had finished the 32 ounce cup. I didn't, but my friend did and he got free refills.Because I went during spring break there were chocolate eggs and tie-dyed eggs dispersed all over the buffet for little kids to "hunt." That was a cute touch for families.This place is good if you're on a budget and you're hungry.
4	Good price. Nice dining room. Great variety of food. We went right as breakfast was ending so we had the chance to try both breakfast and lunch. Best things to try are the bacon, omelettes, and ice cream :)
2	Had their breakfast and brunch which wasn't bad but very pricey for what you get. Food was a decent selection and tasty for the most part but $10.99 for breakfast and $18.99 for brunch which is the same as breakfast with shrimp and mimosas. Staff was pleasant but better breakfast elsewhere and much better brunch at the Mirage for about the same scratch.
1	No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Absolutely not. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You can't be charging Strip buffet prices for crap food. Well, I mean you CAN do that and the Golden Nugget DOES do that, but you can't expect it to go unnoticed.A dish of "steak" is filled with small cuts of very tough meat that are smothered with a sauce that is actually worse than the crappy gravies Heinz sells in a can.The carving station turkey managed to taste like fish. It's a miracle, because I saw the guy cut the meat off of a turkey carcass. But it didn't taste like turkey.Surely the pasta offerings would be better. Wrong. I think they fill their cheese ravioli with toe jam. It's terrible. Terrible.I have a standing rule: I never rave about a restaurant's mac'n'cheese or mashed potatoes. I believe that those two items are simply impossible to screw up and none is truly as AMAZING as people claim. However, I can honestly report that the Golden Nugget Buffet's mac'n'cheese could very possibly be the worst ever created by human hands. Mushy, awful, chemically-tasting artificial cheesy nastiness. It's truly crap-tastic.Do yourself a favor. Take the $25 per person that you would spend here and bet it all on black at the next roulette table you pass. It's a better value for your money.
1	Stay away as far as you can from this buffet. Got food poisoning after eating at this place. Besides for the price they are charging, the food selection wasn't that good all. Stay Away.
3	I stop by this buffet and for the price is okay. No sparks or fireworks but it is clean and you do get some choices make your own pasta bar, meat craving, deserts . I think it deserves 3 starts because you get your money's worth sit down and relax enjoy the pool view . You could go to another sit down restaurant and probably get fancier food but then again this is a good deal and I believe is the nicest buffet in  the old Vegas. So if you happen to be in downtown Vegas and you just gotta eat and don't want to wait till you get to the strip then eat here. Or if you have the funds to eat at a nicer restaurant in downtown Vegas then do so.
3	This was a very average buffet. It wasn't bad, but I think I got my moneys worth more  in champagne than anything else. They kept refilling my glass with mamosa's and I was not about to tell them no. The environment is cool and staff is friendly, but not my first choice for a buffet.
4	I really enjoyed this buffet 10 times more than the buffet at the "Wynn".Not to mention the price difference. I paid almost 15$ more at the Wynn for less of a variety that I personally was looking for. I like buffets that have a large salad variety, and don't focus so much on dessert!
2	Consistently inedible
1	Also the only buffet I would eat downtown.Waitstaff if they weren't over the top friendly they seemed bothered. The cooks really made me feel like I was bothering them. Really your job is to cut me Roast beef sorry its so tough you need a chainsaw to get through it not my fault. All in all pretty crappy. I tried it 3 times breakfast, lunch, and dinner gross, grosser, grossest guess I wasn't drunk enough. What really sucks is unless you want to have a $100 meal or a .99cent shrimp cocktail that was the best option. Very disappointed
4	This is the best buffet in Downtown Vegas.There are better buffets on the strip, they cost a little more and are of a much higher quality. But for downtown, this is pretty good and a good value. Comparing it to the Strip is not fair. Compare it to the Main Street Station buffet and it is amazing. Compare it to the Nugget's own Carson Street Cafe (a place that has gone downhill) and the buffet is amazing.
4	Since moving to NV, my husband and I are trying all of the buffets..Golden Nugget seems to be our default place when we can't decide on one. Its nice and simple, clean and friendly. Food is pretty good, nothing orgasmic and its reasonibly priced. Kids enjoy it too.
4	I'm definitely a fan of this buffet, especially for the price.  Since it's in Downtown Vegas (and away from the strip), even the dinner prices are excellent.  The buffet was approx. $35 for dinner and soft drinks, juices and water are included.  The booze was cheap, also, so worth getting if you want a bucket of beer or something.Sure, this is The Golden Nugget, which isn't as fancy as the Strip casinos and hotels, but it's great in its own vintage, nostalgic sort of way.  The buffet was large and offered tons of stuff from pizza to soup to fresh carved meats to salads.  Obviously, tons of sides available like mashed potatoes, veggies, breads, rolls, etc.  I thought the food was tasty.  I've been to better, more upscale buffets, sure, but this place was good and the food was well-made.  There was no trouble getting in and we didn't wait long at all to be seated.  Drink service was quick and no complaints about the servers.I'd go back again and I recommend you do, as well, since this is one of the better buffets on Fremont Street (at least from what I've heard).
1	Worst buffet I've ever been to. Overpriced and terrible quality. We ate dinner and it was so terrible I would not recommend this to someone I don't like. Also very small. The waiter took our food when we were not done. The staff was rude and seemed like they had other stuff to attend to. My advice eat at McDonald's. ......at least there not rude.
1	Worst buffet ever for anyone with any kind of allergies.  I realize I am in the minority here, and my kids and husband did eat a good amount of food.  But it wasn't great.  They have NOTHING that is gluten free for dessert.  Almost everything has dairy in it.  Cute little pastries, cupcakes, pies, etc.  I just couldn't eat any of them.  I would not eat here again.  It's robbery for the food you get.
2	I remember one of my co-workers telling me about how sucky this buffet was and I was worried about eating here, but since it was for a family reunion and I didn't have a say in where to eat - we had to eat here.It sucked. The selections were limited and if it looked good, it wasn't. The only 2 good things that were good about this place was: one, It got all 30ish of my family members together and two, our waiter was very nice and patient with all of us.
4	really good buffet. alot to choose from. our waitress was really attentive and taking good care of us. i will return next time i come to vegas!
4	I stopped by here this past Sunday morning with my fiance for the Champagne Brunch.  We were staying at the casino and after looking at the menu saw that the brunch was reasonably priced at $19.99, at least as far as Champagne brunches in Vegas go.  The inside of the restaurant looked very clean, had a view of the new pool area out of the window and did not have very much decor to speak of.The food here was actually pretty good.  It had your standard omelet making station as well as other brunch favorites like eggs benedict and blintzes.  Beyond that they also had a little seafood area with peel and eat shrimp and crab salad, a Chinese food section, salad bar and carving station.  The servers here also kept the mimosa's coming.  Half of my flute probably got filled up 10 times or so while I was sitting there.  They start you off with a flute of it and then have a server walking around with pitchers of it who top you off.  This may go towards the fact that I ate a buffet the night before but I think that my favorite part of the meal was the ceasar salad that I made and then topped with chick peas and beets.The bottom line for me is that I would probably stop by here again in the future.  The food was pretty good and the servers did an excellent job of keeping the mimosas full which is one of the best parts of a Champagne Breakfast.
2	Goddamn, that prime rib is RARE AS SHIT. Pretty trashy as far as food goes, and $20 a person. Skip this one and go to the Bacchanel at Caesar's Palace for a more expensive buffet, but will be an unforgettable experience.
2	Ok, this is a review of the breakfast.  Don't waste your time.  Granted it only cost $8 with drinks, because of the coupon you receive when you check in.  I was not excited about any of it.  Pancakes were ok and omelets were watery.  Orange juice was good and fruit was fresh.  Nothing else looked appealing.  I'm giving two stars because I had a great view of the pool from my table.  Ask to sit on the window!
2	40 bucks for a below par buffet for 2.  Everything was overcooked.  Our server was attentive.  And refilled our drinks and got us what we asked for.  I think that we may have been early for the dinner service, but overall it wasn't a great dinning experience.
3	It's not the greatest nor is it terrible. It's a decent buffet. Came here during lunch. They had pretty good selections. $12.99 per person for lunch
1	Overpriced and inedible. I never need to go to prison to know how they're fed. Don't take the chance of eating here, it's about the worst food I've ever eaten. Maybe they cater to old people and smokers who don't have taste buds left. 1/10 would not eat again.
3	Eh, not great, but not terrible. WAY overpriced though!The usual buffet items were here, nothing too exciting. Chicken, mashed potatoes, pizza, etc. Neither of us eat prime rib, so unfortunately that wasn't a draw. We both agreed that the regular food wasn't great, but the dessert was really good. There were mini pies (pecan, lemon meringue), chocolate mousse, Napoleons, eclairs, ice cream, cupcakes, banana cream pie (my bf was extremely excited about that).
1	I don't like giving things one star, but the buffet at the Nugget earned it. I would put this Buffet into the category of: Not only would I not eat there again, I would aggressively try to change my friends mind if there was a group trying eating there.We ate there for Sunday brunch (yesterday) right around 10:00am. It's $18 for champagne brunch even if you don't want champagne. Everything was cold except the omelette/egg stuffs the guy cooked right in front of you. No hyperbole on that. Eggs, bacon, pizza, veggies, fried shrimp, rice, eggs benedict...it was ALL cold. We started trying things we didn't even really want just to see if it was cold. It was.Fine, ok. You're hungover and you're just going to drink $18 worth of bubbles. Wrong. The service is sloooooow. You'll be lucky to have three or four flutes of champagne in an hour. They don't exactly take the time to fill the glass up to the top either.If you get suckered into eating here by your friends, stick with the guy making the omelettes and eggs. That'll be hot. And you can toast the bread yourself, so you know that will be good. The omelette guy will, however, cook the ever living bejesus out of your omelette so that it's dry.
3	The quality of the food offered here is far from exceptional, but there is a pretty good variety available at a reasonable price-- especially for a Las Vegas buffet.I was kinda surprised to see so many overwhelmingly negative reviews of the Golden Nugget Buffet here on Yelp.  Maybe these folks went in expecting gourmet restaurant quality meals made to order, but with the convenience and price of an inexpensive buffet.  Personally, I didn't have particularly high expectations for a high-volume chow trough on top of a casino.We ate here twice in a row during our stay at the Nugget: a weekday lunch ($13) and weekend Champagne Brunch ($19, +a $5 surcharge for 'gratuity' as we were part of a larger group).  Both meals were hit-and-miss: fresh fruits, salads, made to order omelettes, and some of the side dishes were great, but pizza, pasta, and several other items were bland and/or incredibly greasy.  This is why variety is key; if one item is crap just get something else!  Lots of desserts to choose from, too.For some reason the process of getting patrons into the dining area was ridiculously slow, but once inside the service was good-- especially when it came to providing mimosa refills during the champagne brunch!I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, but if I were staying at the Nugget again I'd probably do the buffet again just because of it's convenience and relatively good value.
3	I stopped in here with a group of 6 for a Sunday Champagne Brunch. For $20 you get the buffet offerings and unlimited champagne or mimosas. I think I lucked out we got to choose between both breakfast and lunch foods because I like to sample a little of each. I'm not usually a buffet-goer but overall I really enjoyed started our morning this way. There were typical breakfast offerings like bacon, sausage, potatoes and a bagel bar with smoked salmon (I passed), cream cheese and capers. I liked that they offered eggs benedict (overcooked, but oh well) and some of our party did the build-your-own omelette and seemed happy with it. The food was ok. I hear there are definitely some awesome buffets in Vegas, but if you're over in Downtown Vegas and don't want to make the trip to the strip, this is a pretty good option (if you get the champagne included).
3	Reading the reviews, I was a bit wary of this buffet, but it actually ended up being not that bad. Average, but good.We visited at Noontime on Saturday. To note, they gave us the option to buffet with or without champagne. So there is not a forced purchase as others have mentioned.All the food was warm, the service was steady, and our refills came often.The one downside I could find this visit was that the Asian food section was bland. However the omelette station was great, and there was also a great selection of desserts.Overall don't come expecting this to be the Bellagio buffet or something high-class or fancy. Just remember where you're visiting.
4	It was soooo good especially with pretty cheap prices. Staff was very friendly too. Except the tortilla man. He was kind of mean. The food isn't some cheap cafeteria food, but as you can expect it's not 5-star dining. It's pretty reasonably priced. Love this place; wish I could bring it back home with me.
3	The buffet at the Golden Nugget is pretty good, considering the cost. The room is well-lit, not too noisy and the servers are polite and helpful. The food was okay - typical for most buffets that we have gone to. We had both breakfast and lunch there and the cost was (as I recall) $11 for breakfast and $12 for lunch. Some nice touches are a custom omelet station and both cold and warm plates for the food.If you are in downtown Las Vegas, this buffet is worth a try.
3	Before you go to this buffet, stop, look at the coupon book that you got when you checked into the hotel, and find the 2 for 1 buffet coupons.  They are good for breakfast and lunch and our book came with two of them.  This buffet is good but not worth full price.There's not much to say about this place other than the food is very average.  The buffet itself is relatively small, so there isn't a huge amount of variety.  If you're looking for a better selection, I'd recommend going in 15 minutes before they switch from breakfast to lunch.  That way you pay the breakfast price and get to choose whether you want to eat breakfast food, lunch, or some combo.  If you're there for breakfast time, I do recommend the omelet station.  I was surprised to see they had eggs Benedict as well, but it was nothing to write home about.Overall, I'm giving this place three stars rather than two only because of the 2 for 1 coupon.  I would never pay full price to go here but it is a good value at half price.
2	Yeah, not the greatest of buffets and a little pricey. I came for the crab legs and they're really dry. The rest of food not great either. Both Angela and I decided we're never coming back. Oh well.
1	Way overpriced!!! Horrible food!!! The buffet is tiny and has very small selection. What food they do have is terrible. The only thing I didn't mind was the bacon. But bacon is great anywhere. They only had shrimp in their seafood selection but I was too scared to try it. We don't drink, so the free mimosas were pointless. The ONLY reason I gave it a star is the dessert bar. The fruit tart, cannoli, and cream pie were actually not bad. Please, save your money and go someplace else. ANYWHERE ELSE BUT HERE!!!!!!!!
2	In the late 80's and the 90's, the Buffet at Golden Nugget was one of the best in town.  It's been a long, downhill slide since then.  Dinner tonight was skimpy, and most of the food tasted prepackaged.  I should have known: at 7 PM there was no line.  It used to stretch around the block.
3	Ive never been a huge buffet fan but I actually liked this buffet. They have a bottomless champagne brunch (its 10$ extra if you want the champagne). They have a HUGE variety of food, which I need because I have a lot of eating restrictions. The food was pretty good, considering I dont expect good quality food from buffets. They have everything from breakfast to chinese food and a loved the huge salad bar. It was also clean and kept up (no food where it shouldnt be or anything questionable lol). Our server was very attentive and always made sure our glasses were full. Best buffet experience I've had (and I havent had many, hah).
2	Got a coupon for two breakfast buffets, had the breakfast two days in a row. Eggs were good, other stuff ok but here's the real kicker for me...both days tater-tots were the only potato option at breakfast. Classy.  Mix in some shreds or home fries and I'll bust out another star on you @GoldenNuggetLV
1	One of the worst buffets I've ever at.  When the best you can find at the salad bar is lettuce, cheese and tomato--it's pathetic.  The ribs, seafood, Chinese, Italian--horrible.  How do you screw up a simple calzone????  Worse part--$24!!!!
1	This is one of the worst buffets in Las Vegas. ...24.00 per person is Robbery. You don't want to waste your money. ... so you have to eat it, just look as a one night stand, restaurant. ..Never Go Back!!!! HORRIBBBLE....LAZY ASS STAFF....FOOD IS DISGUSTING
2	After walking around the block on a Saturday night trying to find a restaurant that was not packed and had vegetarian options we resorted to just going to a buffet, (they are bound to have something vegetarian friendly, right?). I have never been to a vegas buffet, so I was super excited!The waitress let us take a tour of the buffet first to see if anything appealed to us and then we went back to the cash, paid, and got our seats.The buffet was nice, honestly, they had a lot of great options for meat an seafood lovers. Unfortunately not a whole lot for vegetarians, but we made it work. I mostly filled up on the salad bar an cheese pizza. My hubby got a delicious cream pasta made that was really good as well as an omelet. The desert bar was nice, and had a great selection of sweets.The one thing that threw me off, was the woman working the salad station. She kept taking her dirty rag and pushing all the dropped food back in the bins. Not appealing, and for sure, not very sanitary.Two plates in and I was content, and the hubby was stuffed. Worth the price? For us, it was not, but the experience was nice.
3	It's an adequate buffet, if only just.Not the largest selection, heck not a large selection period. But there's a bit of sushi, roast beef, two kinds of sausage, chicken, salad, pasta and omelet bars, a decent amount of dessert...Price and decor reflect its status as well. Decidedly modest... but at least there was no wait.
2	This wasn't the worst buffet I've been too but it's got a spot near the top. We took the tour bus trip and GN is one of the stops. Needing lunch, we thought it best to eat at the hotel since he bus comes around every 45 minutes or so. We found the buffet, not a line, not too terribly busy. I paid with my credit card and was seated. I'll get back to the credit card later. The food was...ok. It was food. We were thankful to not starve but it was a step above cafeteria food (the kind you were dished up as a kid). But it filled us up, service was great. Later that day I checked my statement and $2 was added to my total. So I'm thinking someone wrote in a $2 tip on the tip line. Because I know the price of the buffet, I know what I authorized and I was charged $2 more. I didn't call,  I didn't make a big deal out of it. I just thought it was lame. Want more tips? Work harder. Much better food in LV for the price, never again.
1	Terrible. The service was good as far as our waiter's concern but the food was nasty. Very bland!!! Only thing I enjoyed were the fruits. Even my coca cola tasted weird like it was diet. We went for lunch and it was $15 each to get in. Robbery!! If I'm going to pay $15 the food should be tasty.
3	Not too bad! I came here one sunday because all they buffets on the strips had long lines. This place was Better than I expected. My gf enjoyed the oyster shooters. And the breakfast food wasn't all that bad. I went back for two or three plates. Selection was ok not as big as the stops buffets but also not as expensive.
3	"Still pretty good"We've been eating breakfast here for years. They have been cost cutting a few corners, but holding the price, which is commendable. Eggs cooked to order, several breakfast meats, bagels and lox, fresh fruits, pastries, etc. What else do you want for eleven bucks?
5	Good prices unlimited crab leggs awesome omlet station and great customer service. A must stop for re fueling while gambling.
1	Absolutely horrible. I'm no picky eater but I literally ate nothing beside there anti para salads. I was really disappointed with everything. The potatos au gratin were not even cooked!!! I only tasted a few desserts and decided to eat dinner else where. Thank god the casino comped this other wise I would have been pissed. If your looking for a good quality low price buffer,., it doesn't really exist in vegas anymore. You get what you pay for I guess.
5	Good prices unlimited crab leggs awesome omlet station and great customer service. A must stop for
3	We were pretty hungry by the time we got to Golden Nugget on our way out of town. We opted to try the buffet, begrudgingly. I've never been a huge fan of buffets as they are typically disappointing and filled with loads of marginal food.My SO on the other hand, loves buffets. We were pleasantly surprised!Perhaps it was that we weren't expecting much, but for a Sunday brunch at $16.99 this place was pretty good. Here are the highlights:Scrambled eggs were really delicious, mixed with ham and peppers.Country gravy was traditional and very flavorfulLinguisa sausage was spicyPizza sausage (my SO liked this although I thought it was ok)Ranch dressing on the salad bar was the yummy kindCorned beef hash was pretty tastyTater tots were yummyIf you like macaroons these ones are seriously very very good.Some of the things that were a miss: the desserts were very bland and we were unimpressed for the most part. Except the macaroons which were delish.There isn't a lot of variety but I was so full so quickly and for the price it was really quite good. They had shrimp cocktail and peel and eat shrimp, both of which were nothing special. And there fruit was very typical. There was nothing special on the salad bar either.The food itself was pretty well seasoned though and for mass production buffets this place was honestly, better tasting than the buffets I've experienced at The Rio, Paris, Flamingo or anywhere else on the Strip. The service was decent too.   If you are downtown and hungry, I'd say go for it.
5	Great buffet at a reasonable price and there desserts are awesome the bread pudding is a winner....
1	We went during the transition between breakfast and lunch (even though lunch started at 10:30 and we were there at 11 they still had breakfast items out). The biscuits were hard as a rock, the gravy had the consistency of water, and almost everything there was cold. The selection was poor at best. We would have been much happier spending a fraction of the money and eating at McDonald's.
3	Very mediocre. OJ and Hot Chocolate were good. Fresh fruit as well. Everything else we had was flavorless.
4	Best Buffett for the cost that I saw in Vegas. The food and fruit was all fresh and the drinks, other than alcohol, were included for $15.99. A well worth it price. If you want to travel to Fremont street, start off early and get breakfast here. You won't regret it. The buffet also has a great view of the pool. They make fresh omelette as well, my favorite part.
2	Went here August 1, 2014 for dinner. Should have save my $26, it was not worth it. Smelled fishy when you walked in. Save your money. Even prime rib was tough. Service was good, not there fault food is bad.
1	The dinner buffet on Monday was mediocre at best and we got there at 730pm.  It was way over priced with the minimum options for food.  They advertise sushi and the products they used mostly came out of cans like tuna or crab.  The bbq was dry and overcooked.   The Chinese food was good but far from authentic...like the Mongolian Beef was tasty but white onions not green onions.  The white steamed rice was crispy like when it's left in a hot pan without water.  The Italian food was okay but the pizza was cheap on dough and cheese.The best part was the omelet bar.  Fresh ingredients made to order.I love buffets and always go back for seconds...this was the first ever time I didn't go back.PS - the service was awesome though.  Our drinks were always full.
5	Golden Nugget Buffet - 5 starsLocation: Golden Nugget Casino second floor. Take the escalator up like you're going to see Gordie Brown. But don't.Atmosphere: The line to get in moves fast. Laid back and casual. Nice view of the pool if you choose to sit near the windows.Cleanliness: No issues. Never had a dirty glass or piece of silverware here. The buffet is kept up and very clean.Service: Diane is the best! We've been here about a dozen times and had her as our server every time. She's attentive, fun, easy-going, and brings you a smile when she brings you another mimosa. Love this girl a lot.Food/Drinks: Bottomless mimosas. Need I say more? Seriously the best mimosas downtown. Champagne Brunch on Saturdays and Sundays for only $17. The meat carving station and the omelet station are both worth the wait. Really nice prime rib. The garlic chicken and spring rolls are my favorites for lunch and the eggs and corned beef hash are my faves for breakfast. Average salad selection, but you can throw together your own Caesar if you're feeling adventurous. The Dreyers Chocolate ice cream is truly the best ice cream ever. I'm not a big pastry fan, but if that's your bag, you'll probably like the selection. They have a ton of cookies and pastries to choose from. And they have this bread pudding with bourbon sauce that is pretty tasty. But let's be totally honest here. I come for the meats, eggs, and mimosas.Price: Inexpensive. Especially if you play poker and get the comp. Play cards at their poker room for four hours and receive a $10 voucher to redeem at either the grill or the buffet. I recommend the buffet.
5	This place is honest and true, big servings, great service. I had an icy strawberry shake and the Vegas stack pancakes, three huge fluffy cakes with lashings of syrup. My usual would be three but at this size I could only eat two!  Just inside the Golden Gate casino, lots of signs in the casino point the way. Highly recommended for fast, no fuss servings, good value at $20 for my partner and I. Including tea and coffee.
4	Service was good. Selections were average, maybe more selection on seafood. Waiter was attentive. The facility can use some renovation.
2	There are plenty of better buffets elsewhere. Don't let the popularity and upscale feel of the hotel/casino trick you into thinking the buffet will also be good.
4	Pros: Clean place. Great server. Food selection was about right for the amount you pay. Cons: Salty cod fish.I informed the manager about the salty cod fish that is somehow untolerable and let my boyfriend tasted it and he agreed that it was way too much.  Good thing about this place is that they mean business. He called the chef to speak to me and explain this and that.. once you complain, they will offer you a new batch of that specific food you complained and kept on offering me something which I don't have any interest at all. But overall, I like the fact that they were so being serious about what they do and will do everything for customer satisfaction. So, good job on this one!
3	not gonna' lie, the customer service here is hit or miss. a lot of the older women servers seem to have attitudes, although i'm not sure why. the food is decent, and various, but again, decent. you kinda' get what you pay for though at $20-25.
5	Located in the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas. tHis is the best buffet in the downtown area,(keep in mind that is the equivalent to being the best kosher deli in North Dakota). That being said I was there for breakfast, everything was fresh. Here is what sets them ahead in the downtown area, lox, thats right I said lox at a cheapie buffet, and steak, thats right I said steak! They also put the salad bar out, a lot of places don't do that for breakfast. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	This place was awesome! Came here to eat on a Sunday (for brunch) with our friends. The food was excellent, loved the omelet guy- he was so funny. The corned beef hash, bacon, and everything I had was great! Also, we enjoyed the all you can drink Champagne! Our server was the best. I wish I could remember her name. She told us she was born and raised in LV, and she was hilarious and on top of things. Great place to eat and enjoyed the pool view too!
4	We were on Fremont Street for the New Year's Eve Tribute Palooza and there was time to kill.  Metro cops had the area closed down for a security sweep.  We spied the Golden Nugget Buffet and checked it out.  For just $20, this buffet is a steal of a meal.  I was satisfied with the food offerings.  If you make the right selections, like fresh carved roast beef or turkey, you can't go wrong for the price.
5	Came here during lunch and was able to stay until dinner. Good price/deal. I liked the selection of food.  Clean buffet and good service. I'm glad I came here. Will be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Value for money. We paid $30 for two people to eat lunch. I had very low expectations walking in but was rather surprised with their wide selection of options which ranged from Asian to Italian, Southern comfort food to a wide selection of pastries. If you're staying at the golden nugget hotel, you should def check this place out!
1	Breakfast and lunch are so so but the dinner buffet sucked so bad I couldn't finish my plate, definitely be going elsewhere to eat tomorrow. I'm very disappointed that there is not a discount when you are staying at the hotel. We won't be staying at the nugget again. They charge you $5 if you want to look at there buffet.... Disappointment all around....
