5	I only had a 60 person guest list including the wedding party and wanted a more intimate setting that was not overly fancy but was still beautiful. I had seen several lower cost venues that were cramped and were not very accomidating for getting ready so I was not very pleased. I had been to the Portico several times with a few other friends who were planning weddings on a budget. Kyle and Amy were very welcoming for my first visit. They were flexible with our down payments, head counts, and when we could come in to pay off balances due. On our wedding day Amy kept me calm and collected and any "issues" that came up I was not made aware of unless Kyle and Amy could not fix it themselves. I would have to say they were a huge part in making our day stress free and fun. We came in almost 2k UNDER budget and still had a beautiful ceremony and amazing reception.
5	Thank you Kyle and Amy for everything...you were very helpful and always willing to do whatever I asked. Very professional and attentive. Loved the place, it was very clean. Thank you again for making my special day amazing! :)}
5	Portico Weddings has an incredible venue!  The guests were so happy with the variation of the indoor and outdoor venue!  They even have a back up plan.  Their vendors are great, but there is also the option to use other vendors!  And bringing your own alcohol option saved us so much money!Best Venue in Gilbert/Chandler/Mesa area!!!!
5	As the groom, you rarely have a significant amount of say in wedding decisions. But, for me, my future wife and mother-in-law, choosing Portico as our venue was a no-brainer.Here's what we loved:*Completely private venue. You don't share anything, not even the parking lot, with guests outside of your party. That way, photo-bombs are limited to drunk uncles.*Beautiful covered reception area with outdoor garden and large patio. The weather is unpredictable, even in April. At Portico, you've got a covered pavilion area for dinner and dancing. Outside, there's a fountain, several seating areas, a full bar, and even a beautiful garden ready to host your ceremony (if you choose to do so). Side rooms are also available for added privacy.*Optional BYOB! This is seriously one of the most underrated points. Like most other venues, you'll have to select a bartender. Here, you have the choice to bring your own liquor, wine and beer (keg). We created signature cocktails for the bartender to serve up. Note: Costco will let you return unopened bottles. *Inlaid dance floor. Though a subtle attribute, having a dance floor flush with the ground is a very nice touch. Trust me, there were many many more features of Portico that made it stand out above other venues we toured. Price and flexibility, included. I highly recommend anyone looking to have their wedding in Chandler/Gilbert to check it out. Both Amy and Kyle did a superb job of making our family and friends feel welcome and helped make our wedding day one we all certainly won't forget.
5	Most AMAZING place ever! From the second we walked into Portico we knew it was everything we wanted in a place to get married. Outside, quaint, elegant, and simple.  Kyle and Amy were so easy to work with. Everything about our wedding day was perfect. They went above and beyond to make it the best and it could not have been better. They offer fabulous packages to make sure everything is covered, but there is no pressure to use their vendors. We used some but not all of them and the ones we used were so easy to work with because they have worked with Portico and they have all the details worked out already. It removed a huge layer of stress. I could not recommend a better place to get married, it so private and am amazing canvas to turn into the image of your perfect day!!!
5	I absolutely loved my wedding reception at Portico!The Location: When we went to tour the venue, it was a surprise to find such a cute ensemble in the middle of Gilbert.  Next to CVS and across from Fry's, it was the last thing I expected.  But once inside, you completely forget you're not entirely secluded.  The venue is surrounded by either walls, trees or shrubs, and contains a few buildings and a gorgeous outside area.  Dinner is served in a covered room that feels like you're outdoors, and the garden/patio area has all the comforts of an indoor lounge.  The inlaid dance floor and really comfortable chairs are great touches.  There's an open space to hold a ceremony if you choose, and the house is available for the bridal party to get ready.  There's even a "man cave" with a TV for the guys.  The built-in bar is functional and close to the area where the caterers set up the buffet.  The aesthetic alone had me sold before we even started talking. Add to that the fact that the rates were affordable, up front (and by the end of the experience I can attest, there were NO hidden fees), and the fact that I was able to make decisions on every detail, and the choice was easy.  The Owners: Kyle and Amy know what they're talking about. It's not their first rodeo, if you know what I mean.  However, it was MY first rodeo so their guidance and advice was invaluable.  They asked questions I hadn't thought of, and had a whole road map for the process that was easy to follow.  We met a few times over the planning stages, including a 30-day out meeting to ensure that we were on track.  Amy is so sweet and helpful, and just made everything easy.The Vendors: Portico provides (within their oh-so-useful info packet) some "preferred vendors".  This was a handy tool for picking out vendors, but we weren't held to it if we had someone else in mind.  That said, it would have been more expensive to go with a non-preferred vendor.  The two they did recommend were awesome, and Arizona Catering (http://www.yelp.com/biz/arizona-catering-mesa?hrid=zBvB1hV0WpGH_BpeV0bzJA) impressed everybody.  Even better, booking those preferred vendors through Portico saved me a little money, and I could pay them through Portico with my venue payment.  Easy peasy!   The other vendors we chose through them were Piece of Cake Desserts (http://www.yelp.com/biz/piece-of-cake-desserts-gilbert-2?hrid=DoP36DnaXd3eOEP35SY6Yg), the bartender, and AZ Music Man.  They offered florists, a photographer (Amy herself), an officiant, and I just know I'm forgetting some.The Day: On the day of, everything went off without a hitch.  If anything went wrong, I didn't know about it!  The decorations were perfect, the food was amazing, the music was hoppin', the service was friendly and all the guests were happy.  The DJ kept the schedule moving as planned.  I didn't have to worry about a thing other than enjoying the evening with my family and my new husband!  The indoor/outdoor mix was great for our guests to mingle and wander, and it lacked the stuffy feeling I thought we would get from a ballroom.I only wish they had more photos of their venue on the website, other than the aerial view.  It's a beautiful spot, and I don't think it gets enough credit based on the site.I can't say enough good things.  I would absolutely recommend this venue.
