5	One of the first things you gotta learn about Vegas is that all of the GOOD stuff is hidden in crappy strip malls.  And I do mean strip mall in the traditional sense, not a mall on the Vegas strip.  Zia is hidden off of Flamingo on Eastern in a strip mall and I've been on my way there and driven past and screamed "Dammit!!!" many times. ( I'm not sure what kind of sentence that was.)So yes, Zia is a chain record store, but since the demise of Tower Records.......Zia has at least brought back to life a traditional sort of record store that we desperately need in the Valley.They sell new and used.  They have movies and video games too.  Also a few racks of cool accessories.   But my favorite is the event stage and their rockin' staff who has never left me in lurch when I needed help.It's a great place to waste an hour or two looking for a cd that you've lent to an x and have missed for years.  And really, who needs itunes? I wanna hold an album in my hands and hopefully find a nice fold out to hang next to my computer....as I dream about being a rock star.
4	Zia is a competent enough record store.  I can usually find most everything I want fairly quickly, even a few of the more obscure things.  (One of my best friends from high school starred in a B horror movie with Brinke Stevens called Delta, Delta Die! and I was able to find that in their DVD section for a whopping $4.99.)  I think  the worst thing about the store is the fact that it's pretty much come down to being our ONLY choice for not-quite-so-insidious chain record store lunacy which is something I kind of resent. Their used section leaves a little to be desired and makes me long for days when I would spend hours leafing through the used racks and finding treasures along the way.  The staff is accommodating enough, I mean they're nice when they check out your stuff, but I miss the counter banter and recommendations and conversations that could start there at other places.Who knows, maybe I'm just nostalgic for a type of record store that doesn't exist anymore.  Damned music snobs.
5	The only music shop that I will ever go to here in Vegas!! I can find everything I am looking for here. Because my music taste is all over the place, Zia is the only place that I have found that can accommodate me. They have everything you are looking for in every single genre you can think of at new and used prices. And don't worry if you can't find the cd/record you are looking for, the friendly staff will special order it for you. I placed a special order not too long ago and it arrived within days! Bonus: they also have a reward point system for all the purchaces that you make. Check this place out if you haven't already done so!!
4	The only record store in Vegas left that I will shop at now that Big B's Cds & Records - CLOSED!
5	Zia is a dinosaur, but a soft and cuddly one.  Now that Tower Records is petrified, this is the only music store where you can actually shop at and touch and feel an album before you buy it.  I like that it's open til midnight EVERY night, so if the whim strikes you, hit the place up.  The employees are friendly and helpful, and the real value is in the older albums of less mainstream musicians you happen to like.  For example, I just picked up Joe Satriani's Crystal Planet electric guitar extravaganza for $7.  The guy owns the fretboard.Also a lot of deals on certain DVDs, I think they have a 3 for $10 bin. The visual aspect of going some place and choosing your media is the real draw.  It's just fun.
4	Wow.  I was surprised to see the one star reviews for this place, but now that I see it's a young barely literate punk and someone who thinks sarcasm is a bad thing, well, it makes sense now.  This store has a great selection of cd's, I've bought several used discs here and never had a problem with any of them.  I like how it's organized, I like the people, I love the late hours.
3	Yes, three stars for a non food establishment! This place has wonderful prices on used dvds, cds and music. Not to mention, vinyl records!!! Their prices are amazing reasonable.Located just NW of the strip, it's worth a visit to stock up on cds and dvds!!!
4	Love the prices and the selection...Heck I found my aunts fave teen idol record here, sweet!
4	Its retarded that I haven't been here earlier. But at the same time kind of a good thing. Mostly anything that sells second hand goods is on my A list. Zia fits the bill. They sell brand new and used musics. Their genre sections are pretty broad. Like there's a small gospel section, a jazz section, a country section, and then everything else is mashed into the Pop/ Rock/ R&B section. One of the minuses is that their world section is WAY small. They also sell vinyl, t-shirts, paraphernalia ... they're like part music store, part head shop. Probably a little piece of heaven, too. Sometimes they hold small concerts on their little stage with a one-foot lift. I love that they support local artists. Although local artists prolly spend more money their than anyone else, so who really wins there? They're not expensive, but not exactly the bargain bin either. I bought an MGMT album for $16 and a Miss Kittin album for $15. Meh. As long as the music is worth. All of the employees are young 20-somethings (just like in Empire!). I didn't get a chance to test anyone's knowledge. I had to leave before I blew my pay check. They also gave me like a frequent shopper kind of card. I have yet to find out what super powers it gives me. * off the strip, non-casino
4	This place was a ski shop last year and now its an old school record store with a great  selection and great employees. Finally something to replace Tower Records that closed across the street years back. They have lots of musicians and artists come through for signings and sets.
4	Since I live in the Bay Area, I am an connoisseur of record stores (Amoeba, Rasputin, Tower - RIP) and Zia pretty well fits the bill for everything I look for in a music store, except for price.  I know a lot of people have commented on how inexpensive Zia is, but that's probably because they're used to getting ripped off big time at Borders or Barnes & Noble for actual physical manifestations of music memorabilia - but as far as I'm concerned this place is almost expensive next to say, Amoeba Music.But I digress, Zia does have a nice selection of used and new CDs and some vinyl.  It's not a huge store so the chances of finding something extremely rare are pretty slim, but every once and awhile I was surprised at the little gems I found shopping there.  They have a decent section of gag gift-type things and other merchandise.  There are a few listening stations along the back wall featuring mostly new music, but also local acts, which I think it's pretty awesome.  They have a small in stage in the back for in-store performances, though I was never lucky enough to catch one. Staff members are nice, but not overly effusive with helping you (which is a-ok in my book).  They're also open late every night of the week which is a blessing, since most everything off the strip closes pretty early for city-dwellers.
2	I love music and have excellent collections in every genre of music and every technology. That being said, and taking into consideration that these two locations are the only independent record stores with any semblance of variety, they are just OK. The store on Flamingo is better than the one on W. Sahara due in large part to the Asst. Mgr. who is smarmy and begging for a serious beat down not only due to his smart mouth but coupled with his Charlie Manson circa 1969 persona, costume and lack of personal hygiene. I spend a ton of money there and yet they treat me as if they are doing me a huge favor selling me overpriced CD's, vinyl and video games. I recently picked up an Amy Winehouse CD but it was the jazz version which I inquired about before my purchase. I wanted the version that won all the Grammys. Mock Charlie Manson denied to speak to me and told me that was the one I wanted.  Lo and behold I get to the car, pop in the CD and it's NOT the version I wanted. Less than 2 minutes later, LITERALLY, I walk back in to exchange it for the correct format and Mock Manson tells me I can't get the full sales price because the CD is USED!! Naturally, I was livid and insisted on a full refund and forced him to call the owner at home and suggested he be fired. I got a full refund but he dicked me around and put it on my ZIA CARD NOT MY CREDIT CARD! Mock Manson still works there with bad attitude and bad hygiene! Better selection of vinyl @ GoodWill and Salvation Army. Better employees @ Whole Foods. Cactus in Houston beats the hell out of this store owned and operated by posers! Don't waste your time or money unless you're yearning to be treated shitty.
4	Zia is a place that I can spend hours ......Just to browse all of the sections of music and videos is a treat.This store is the last of  a dying breed - CD stores are no longer found.Zia is like a fine used book store, except they deal in music and videos.Zia has a great selection in all genres of music.Some of their current selections are highly priced, but they have a good selection of used CD's at a very reasonable price.They always have a large number of CD's on sale and if your are patient, you can find some real deals.The staff are all  superbly knowledgeable and very friendly.A great store.
4	The concept of buying recorded music in a physical store dedicated to selling recorded music dies a little each day.  But as cheap (or free) and easy as the future is - electronic music storage/distribution, online commerce, or flat-out piracy - the past retains value for a dedicated subsection of music lovers who need to see and touch their music along with hearing it.  For them, "big box" stores like Best Buy and Circuit City (R.I.P.) were never serious options.  Tower Records was probably the pinnacle, but vanished when it grew too big for their britches.  For Las Vegas, only one independent music retailer remains to satiate the hunger for Sin City's old-school audiophiles, Arizona based Zia Records.No matter how many mp3's I amass, going to a record store and thumbing through the stacks looking for music I want, forgot I wanted, or never knew I needed is still one of my most enjoyable pastimes.  Surely you can buy music cheaper or find that rare Japanese b-sides release online, but this isn't about price.  This is about the new record store experience, same as the old experience - browsing, discovery, and a satisfying purchase.  Their collection of new, used, hard to find and new releases in all genres assures there's something for everyone to take home, usually at a discount price.  Their vinyl collection is no Record City (3 LV locations), but they substitute with a full collection of DVDs, local music, books and hipster knickknacks.Sign up for a Zia loyalty card for discounts on used items based on your purchases of other items.  If you need some cash, there's a dedicated trade counter for all of your old entertainment (I've never traded/sold to the store, please see other reviews on this experience,).  Both the E. Flamingo and W. Sahara locations feature small stages for artist signings and in-store performances, a nice all-ages experience in an otherwise adult-friendly town.  On the way in or out, grab a local free weekly paper or flier, a handy resource particularly for new LV residents.  And at checkout, be sure to refuse a bag for your swag, and take advantage of Zia's charity token program, where they donate to local charities on behalf of their conservation-minded patrons.
4	Tower Records - Gone.Virgin Megastore - Gone.Numerous Wherehouse Music stores - Gone or turned into FYEs.Yes, this last decade has been a tragic one for record stores, particularly in the Vegas Valley. It's all big-box stores or little "collector" stores with vastly inflated merchandise now.Arizona-based chain Zia Records came into Vegas in 2005, and they now stand as the last real record store our hometown has to offer. In 2008 they opened a second location, as well.Zia carries a ton of merchandise - movies, music, games, memorabilia, t-shirts, the list goes on. There is a huge selection of used items as well, so you can save some serious money should you decide to buy some of those. The selection is easily the best of any Vegas Valley store that sells music/movies/games/etc. I have found some EXCELLENT used deals in here, and I'm sure you will too. They even carry vinyl, so if you're a collector, this place is a fine alternative to "collectors" stores like Record City and Wax Trax.Additionally, Zia buys your stuff if you want to trade it in. You can get store credit or cash (more if you pick credit), making this a great way to clear out some of the clutter in your house and get some new entertainment. From what I can tell, the store pays just as much, if not more, for your used stuff than a store like FYE does. The store has 2 locations, so you should be able to get to one without too much difficulty, no matter what your location in the valley may be. They have a location on Eastern (just south of the Flamingo intersection) and at Sahara and Arville (just across the street from the old Tower Records building, appropriately enough.) The staff in the store are knowledgeable and diverse, as well. If one staff member can't answer your music question, there's a good chance another one will be able to. I only have a few complaints with Zia. First and foremost is that their new merchandise (as opposed to used) is expensive. These prices (particularly on movies and games) are no better than big-box stores, and are actually sometimes higher. The other complaint is that sometimes there is a substantial wait if you wish to trade in merchandise. Should you choose to do so, I recommend doing it during a non-busy time, like a weekday morning.Mild complaints aside, this is the valley's only real record store remaining. I give it a very strong recommendation and suggest any fan of music/movies/games and the like give it a visit.
4	Sadly this is the only big mecca for CD's....its a dying thing and though sometimes we can't find what we're looking for, its a cool spot and people here are friendly and helpful. It's easy enough to hop on amazon or save some oddities for a trip to LA to Amoebas if its not there. We come mostly for the experience of flipping through CD's and when one isn't there- no matter there are stacks to be flipped for a discovery. I get how that's frustrating for some, but we just don't go in with our heart so set on one thing so it's not really that upsetting. We have a few thousand CDs, 10 thousand vinyls and a terabyte full of music...can't really fault for some of the things we're looking for isn't there- we're covering a lot of bases at home and sometimes have odd wants. Other than that they have kidrobot goodies- limited but sometimes they had gems that I couldnt resist collecting. Tons CD's, designer toys, gawd I'm making us sound like we're gonna be packrats when were old.We end up with goodies each time so it's always a good spot to drop on.
4	I just moved to the area and fell in love with Zia the moment I walked in the door.  I've worked at the big box chains and an independent store as well and Zia is a pretty good combination of both.  They have a great selection, decent prices, friendly and helpful staff and a good environment.For those of you who whine about Zia paying out very little for your used items and then selling them for way more - that's how this type of business works.  How else are they to pay the overhead and still make some profit?  After all, profit is what it takes to keep a business open.And for those of you who complain about Amazon, Half, etc. being cheaper - you obviously don't get it and are partially the reason why so many awesome stores have closed their doors over the past 10 years.Anyway, Zia is pretty awesome and I hope the .com's and whiners don't eventually run them out of business.
1	Wow... as someone who just moved to Las Vegas (first from Chicago, then Los Angeles) plus both serviced and worked IN record stores - that I have never had a worse experience than the one that I had at Zia the other night...Bottom line: they bought only 2 DVD's (out of a large box); when I was told that I could exchange my cash trade for a store-credit if I talked to a manager... I was then proceeded to be verbally abused and assaulted by this diminutive asian "grrl" (manager) for trying to do the very thing they just told me I could do!Hope this place gets some new help & soon.
3	Pros: Wide selection means you won't visit without finding something, live music some nightsCons: While they have many discount CDs, the majority of them are worthless. Other CDs tend to be over-priced.
4	We've reached a point where any store that sells music not named Wal-Mart, Target, Best Buy or similar big box deadzones are worth going to.  I love modern day conveniences as much as the next guy, but the internet has just murdered the music industry.  And by industry, I mean industry.  You can still find good music these days, but a convenient place that sells said good music -- not so much.Zia Records is a place I wish I would have frequented before the week I left Vegas.  It's got a huge selection of all kinds of music genres.  From super popular to kinda obscure.  If someone's traded it in, chances are they have it.  There's also a big DVD selection if you're into that sort of thing.Staffed by hipsters, Zia is easy to find along Eastern in a strip mall.  Some day I'll be cool and have my own place, listen to vinyl records while reading some really important book and chill out.  But for now I'll just listen to the live Nirvana CD I got at Zia on my car stereo.  Gotta have dreams, I say.
4	Nice to hit a great used record/DVD/CD store on the way home from work at 11pm. A good mix of all types of stuff, I was just annoyed they didn't have -one- soundtrack I was hoping to get.Friendly and helpful staff that knows where their stock is. (always nice) I have yet to trade anything in, so can't review that aspect, but I do enjoy hitting Zia up once or twice a month.
5	Music, DVD's, Music, Blu-Rays, Music, Music, video games, band shirts, inscents, bobble heads, music, posters, music, stickers, music and gay gum. Did I mention music?Music selection at Zia Records is extensive! And used CD's are not expensive.  If you came here to buy a cd, think twice before buying a new one. Chances are, they have it used for many dollars cheaper.  And every used CD is just like brand new. I always bought used CD's here and had no complaints. Before you buy a used CD, they open it and check for scratches. I saw none to very minimal scratches on every one of mine.They stay open passed 12 to sell Tuesdays new releases.  Zia also has a stage where local and non-local musicians perform.  Everyone here is cool and they greet you the first step you take in the store.So if you've been looking for an artist that other stores don't carry, Zia most likely has it and even if they dont, they order it for you right then and there then they give you a call as soon as it gets to the store!
5	Zia records brings culture to Vegas. I'm not only talking about the CD's, vinyls or DVD's that they sell, but the raw decor inside. It's just one of those things that I passionately appreciate. This is sad, but I can't remember the last time I bought a CD. But I have been here pretty recently. They have everything from Vinyls to vampire teeth ice cube makers, books, movies and posters. That's not all, just all my brain can remember. This one has a stage where live bands play. The cool thing is being able to exchange used CD's and buy used CD's for cheaper. Sometimes if you're lucky, you can get a used CD that looks brand new. Well, they do proof check all the used CD's before taking them in. So, don't come in with all you're scratched up mixed tapes.If music should be sold anywhere, it should be here. It's an art and I can just tell even by the employees, who get to freely express themselves by being themselves.
5	My favorite local hideout since moving away from the bay, I suppose it's Nevada's version of Ameoba, Streetlight or Rasputin records. New used records and dvds! I'm fu*kin sold! They also carry magazines, tees, novelty items, books, games, and on occasion artist signings/performances. Most definitely an audiophile or music geek's place to kick it. Be sure to bring a member card (and a wad of ca$h). Oh and good luck trying to find my hidden stash of the good records I hide for myself when I go back for a return visit.
4	After a long (too long) hiatus from the skillful art of turntablism, I decided....well actually finally came up on a newish set of tables, and instantly got the itch.....the itch to skratch.  So to satisfy the urge, I needed some wax (vinyl records, you know the black round things that your parents used to listen to music)  To say the least, Zia has a great vinyl section ranging from used rock to new top 40 singles.  Alas, they did not have the skratch records that I was ever so diligently seeking, hence the four and not five stars.  Huge selection of discounted dvds, it's a mystery to me why anyone would go anywhere else to purchase used dvds?!?!?!  They have mystery grab bags or vinyl near the registers, and at about $3 for roughly 6-8 records, how can you go wrong.  I opened up my first one, and what do I see?!?!  Escape, Journey's best record in my opinion!!! Will return!!!
5	As I wolfed down my mediocre breakfast at Blueberry Hill, I felt inspired to scour the Vegas landscape for a brick-and-mortar record store. Surely, somewhere in this town had to be a gem in the rough - something that the Best Buys and Wal-Marts of the city hadn't yet driven out of business. Lo and behold, it turns out this place was a mere 0.8 miles from where I sat. I looked at some of the user photos and instantly knew this was a place I needed to be. I felt like I was home as I stepped foot inside. The interior looks similar to Tower Records. There were endless aisles of CDs taking up the bulk of the space, but the surrounding aisles were full of vinyl, Blu-rays/DVDs, toys, posters, t-shirts, books... the merchandise was limitless. I got that overwhelming feeling that only Amoeba can provide - the sense that there's a ton of awesome shit I'd go nuts over in here, and I don't have time to peruse it all. I noticed they have some other locations, then it dawned on me that I went to their AZ locations a couple times as a kid. One trip in particular introduced me to Sepultura since "Chaos A.D." had just been released. At another, I found an ultra-rare CD I'd been trying to find for years; I bought it there for under $10. I spent as much time as I could browsing their "Metal" section, amazed at some of the obscure offerings that rivaled my usual searches at Amoeba. Of course, of the 3 or 4 things I could think to buy they had none of them, but the tangible feeling of flipping through row after row of music you don't see stocked anywhere anymore made me regress back to being 15 again. I finally found something I wanted ("Until the Light Takes Us", a doc on the Euro black metal scene in the '90s). Sure, I could've gotten this particular Blu-ray for cheaper on Amazon, but I'd much rather spend the extra few bucks to give a worthy store like this my business. I love being able to walk into a store like this and lose myself for hours in their stock, but the sad fact is that this place, like so many others, won't last forever. I'm glad they've hung in this long, though, and I can guarantee I'll return every time I'm back in town. Support local record stores or resign yourself to a lifetime of anonymous purchases online or wading through cookie-cutter crap at Best Buy. I know my preference.
4	I love ZIA for the selection. And the bands who come to perform. Its on a nice side of town. And the staff are more then friendly to help look up a cd. I did have to search the bin for a cd that the computer said was in stock. I didnt find it hence the 4 stars. But Zia is one of the last good music stores left.
4	Zia reminds me of High Fidelity, in a good way. People say Las Vegas is a wasteland of Walmarts, smokers, hookers, and high school dropouts--which is sorta true. But Zia gives me hope that I could at least buy some great vinyls and used cds at very affordable prices. They have most genres covered, from Lady Gaga to Slayer to Weezer. Listening stations are scattered around to hear recommend bands and singers. They also have dvds and weird-ass novelty items. Get the Zia card (if they still have it), accumulate points to earn discounts on your next purchases.So next time you feel like doing something un-Vegas and more Portland, head over here. While you're at it, go to Buffalo Exchange to get some somewhat overpriced used clothing to feel extra indie hipster.
5	The first time I came here was for the Lupe Fiasco signing they hosted a few years ago & ever since then I've been coming here with my boyfriend every chance we get. As members, you get to trade in movies & music as long as they're in good condition & use points for discounts at check out. If you don't have anything to trade in, you still accumulate points for buying stuff. They're also open until midnight every night so you can get dibs on new releases.
4	They have a lot of used cd's but didn't find too many rare ones..which is what we were looking for.
4	Every time we visit Vegas we HAVE to make a stop here, Yeah we have Amoeba (we live in LA) but I prefer a smaller setting where I wont feel like I'm having an anxiety attack because there is so much to choose from! I like the little novelty Items they carry and you can find some great gems if you look hard, I like how cheap the dvds are.
5	I adore Zia Records. Everything from their CD collection to DVDs, to the locals music section (in the back by the way!), to their wall 'o kitschy products that no one really needs, but you just absolutely want. I also adore their coffee mugs - sci fi, nerdy, and music genres all included! They host acoustic band nights and movie screenings as well. Often artists come here to do signings.Mostly though it is just a relief to be able to go somewhere and browse music CDs, possibly find a new favorite band, or re-live an old favorite. I've never really been asked if I needed help finding anything by any of the employees, but I kind of like that vibe when I'm searching for music here. If I'm not directed to exactly what I might be looking for I tend to find other CDs I might not have even considered.Overall Zia Records is great. Oh, did I mention they have vinyl? Yep, thay got that going for them too.
4	I love records (vinyl).  I love record stores.  So in a departure from my usual food reviews, I will instead review one such store today.Zia Record exchange is certainly my favorite record store.  Maybe one of my favorite stores of any kind, to be more accurate.  They have more than just records.  They have CDs, cassettes, DVDs, memorabilia, glasses, shot glasses, posters, etc.  The selection for all of it is incredible.  If I go to Best Buy and can't find a CD from a lesser known band, I can almost certainly find at least one offereing of the band at Zia.  They carry such a wide variety.  This is true for both records and CD's.  The price can be great here.  Used records are only a couple of dollars.  They have classics like the Beach Boys, Jimmy Buffett, or Steppin Wolf.  You can find used CDs and DVDs for a few bucks as well.  If you by new, prices are little above average.  They make up for it with the price of used.  And if buying used worries you, fear not.  They will open up your choice to show you it is in good condition.  I have purched numerous used CDs and had no issues in playing them.  I just recently purchased the sountrack to School of Rock.  It plays with no skips and was only $2.99.  You cant beat that.Not only can you buy here.  You can also sell and trade your old CDs, DVDs and records.  This is where they lose a star from me.  I tried to sell a couple of DVDs once.  One was a special edition and never opened.  They offered me all of $0.10.  A dime for a brand new movie?  It seemed like a bad deal so I kept it.  I'll stick with buying from them but you can give trading a try if you'd like.If you shop here and you think  you will return, get a Zia Card.  You get points for your purchases.  After a while and when you have enough points, you can use them to buy a product with the same value at only half price.  It is worth it if you shop at Zia's enough
5	Best place to purchase CDs!!!!!!! Everytime I come here, I always spend $40+. This is the cheapest place to buy DVDs, CDs, posters, knick knacks and vinyls. They have every style of music I could ever love and more. They have eye-catching pop culture books for sale, novelty T-shirts and random things all over the store. It always smells like incense but who cares?! If you get a Zia card, it will save you money if you go there as often as I do. Sometimes they have local bands playing on their mini stage. I was once in a band that got to play on their stage (the Sahara store stage). Thank you so much Zia for letting us torture you with our mediocre tunes. It was such a long time ago so luckily, they don't remember me. This place beats the crap out of Best Buy!
4	We tried to walk here from the Luxor on the strip, which was kind of stupid to be honest.We gave up once we realized thanks to yee olde Google maps how far of a walk it would be and caught the bus.Zia Records is a great shop with a wide selection of media new & used: Blu-Rays, DVD's, CD's, Merch and what we went for in the first place - Vinyl.Large store with an excellent selection. The second hand vinyl wasn't the best mix I've seen, but the new vinyl was well stocked with a good variety of titles. I picked up several items which I haven't been able to find yet in the Northern Reaches of Canadia so was quite pleased to have made the trek out to Zia Records and good prices.The staff were friendly and a fab variety of media. I'm sure if I lived in the area this would easily be one of my regular haunts.
4	Zia isn't the cheapest place to buy music, but in an age where technology has the upper hand, it's nice to be able to go somewhere to browse and buy music in vintage form: CDs. Records too!Their set up is simple-everything is organized by genre and is a mix of new and used discs. They have what I like to call power play bins in which they try to rid the store of not so popular albums with deals like 4 for $10 or 5 for $25. I love these bins for the simple joy that finding an Ace of Base album brings. They're just fun to rifle through and sometimes you might actually find something you like.They sell new and used movies and TV shows- a pretty extensive selection. They also carry an...eclectic...assortment of accessories, t-shirts and books. If anything, the browsing is always fun.The staff is nice and checks the used CD's for you before you leave a) to make sure the CD matches the case (there are mismatches from time to time) and b) to make sure it's in decent enough playing condition. Even so, they have a pretty decent return policy if you find the disc to be scratched beyond recognizability. Zia is a local favorite of mine that allows me to continue shopping for music the way I like to-the old school way.
5	Zia gets a five-star review - but with a caveat.  This is a Vegas five-star, Amoeba Records - Zia is not.I've been collecting music for about 30 years - you read that right - THIRTY years.  Zia opened just after we moved to Vegas and we are so happy they did!  We still buy a lot of weird hard-to-find stuff off Amazon, but it's always fun to browse the used CD's and vinyl the old school way at Zia.  Zia lives up to the independent record store ideal with a knowledgeable staff, staff picks sections, indie music new releases, listening stations, cool pop culture books and accoutrements.  Pretty obvious that it's all about pop and rock here as the World/Blues/Bluegrass sections are pretty basic and scant.  Great used DVD deals too.Overall, Zia makes living in Vegas a little easier for the music mad like us. Thanks Zia!
4	Here's the thing about record stores:  they don't exist anymore.  Having grown up in an artistic mecca of awesomeness (music, art, theater, fine dining, and more...), like Chicago, I am always on the look-out for something, sort of, anything, authentic and cultural about Las Vegas.  In this age of digital media, digital downloads, digital everything, a good old fashioned, smells like Nag Champa, new and used record store is nearly obsolete.  Having said that, Zia records is one of the finer (if not, the only) record stores in town.  2 locations in town, makes it convenient no matter what side of town you are on.  The Eastern Ave location, however, seems to be a tad larger than the Sahara locale.  This particular location has some great things going for it:  good selection of new and used CD's, DVD's, books and other swag.  There are toys and movie posters to browse through, and plenty of used movies (or new movies that are marked down significantly) in bin after bin after bin.  The Eastern location has one thing going for it that the Sahara one does not-  less intense incense overload.  Often, I steer clear of record stores and "Head" shops that try to choke their shoppers with thick and fragrant clouds of incense...the kind that sticks to your clothes, your skin, your hair and your purchases.  The Sahara location is loaded with the stuff, and one walk in through the front doors means you're gonna smell like you've been to Zia Records.  The Eastern Ave.  location is much less smokey,I've also noticed, Zia carries a good selection of music related books and publications, so for a reader like myself, it make browsing more interesting.All in all, Zia is a quality store, and a Las Vegas staple.  I visited Zia on christmas of 2010, and asked for an obscure Stephen Stills DVD, and they did their research in tracking a copy down for me.  Christmas was very merry that year, thanks to Zia.
4	Cool local record store! Can always find a lot of stuff not sold at mainstream places. There are always new release specials as well! Lots of times they have special private sessions on acoustic sets by artists
5	I'm from the east coast and this place reminds me of the alternative, indie record stores that they have back home. Ton's of hard to find albums here, that places such as Best Buy or stores in the mall don't stock up on. The prices are good, and they have tons of CD's that are discounted. If you love music and want to find that album that your just dying to hear, that other places don't carry, I would definitely recommend this place. They also have DVD's and records (if your under 25, look on Wiki to see what a record is).
2	Very Corporate, but this is ALL Las Vegas has to offer... Ordered Cd's from there and have used TEMPE, AZ location before and had no issues. These guys on the other hand, will say they can "special order" things for you but then when it comes in they don't call you to tell you it's in..?. Then when I went looking for it... It was on the shelf!!! WoW! This happend TWO times, so now, it's just best that I wait a few days and order things from on-line stores such as AMAZON.COM or EBAY and save myself the worries of this happening.. I'm used to more straight up "record shops" back in Chicago so I do have a high standard for this interest. If you have no idea, then YEAH THIS WILL WORK, but its you're used to real non corporate record shops where the employees can help you or know what you're talking about then STAY AWAY because the employees really refer to the internet for your needs. **For your ave. listener, this place will work. Top 40 etc. music. this place will be perfect and reasonable priced, if you want RARE hard to find stuff, again, stick to the internet stores as the employees get the "good stuff" before it has a chance to hit the shelves for the general public. -Jeffrey
5	Even thou there is a Zia record store closer to me ...I prefer this location!! The staff is always knowledge and friendly..prompt and speedy when its busy, and I always find what I want ..AND THEN SOME :) I have never had a problem when I go to "sell" stuff..and I believe all of that combined, makes for a repeat happy customer!! If your looking for great service and good selection,  come visit this location :)
5	This is a great place to get your Dvds and Cds.. Me im a bit of a cheapo and i hate spending full price on things especially Dvds or Cds.. Even thou I am cheap I DO NOT SUPPORT PIRACY! hehe.. This location is located in the hood of eastern and flamingo.. If you are going there at night make sure you park in front of the store near a well lit area ( if your a female) not sure about their crime stats in that area, but judging a book by it's cover.. i am scuuuuured... puwahawhwa!Zia records has all the dvds and cds you can think of USED and BRAND spanking new! If they do not have it in stock they can get it for you from their other store locations... The staff are really great, they are friendly and helpful..Love this place, very laid back, chill and it has all the things i need as far as all my media entertainment goes...Also they are go green friendly, instead of giving out bags, you may choose to donate they pay for the bag to a local charity..
5	I remember the day this place opened. It was like I'd died and gone to rock & roll heaven. Incredible selection, employees that treat you well and reasonable prices.Its more than just CDs. You can get DVDs,t-shirts, cassettes,posters, vinyl records  & all the other accoutrements of music.  Be warned: If you visit this store with a credit card,you will leave broke with you card maxed out because they have so much cool shit you will want to buy it all.
5	I spend so much money in this store whenever I go, they have so much cool stuff! One of the few places that carries an extensive selection of BBC & British shows, I always seem to find what I'm looking for! Love browsing the book section and the used vinyl. My one complaint, I can never find any cool Prince stuff. Give Marley a break and bust out some Prince gear! Besides that... Never change Zia!
5	I am a big fan of Zia Records.  A few years ago, I had a bunch of CD's stolen from me.  Long story, I don't want to get into it - quit pressuring me!  Okay... Sorry -   I didn't want to spend a ton of money to replace my collection.  So, I came to Zia Records to see what they had - I had a bunch of hard to find albums, so I wasn't expecting much.  But, to my complete joy, I found everything that I wanted and much more.  I became hooked.  Not only do they have a great selection of used albums, they have all the new stuff as well.  I then got hooked on DVD's - I have a problem; I know!  I ended up collecting all of the T.V. shows that I love and aren't on the air anymore.  And, when you think that there isn't anymore that you need, they have a vinyl section.  What??? I am a collector there as well.  And, if you get strapped on your cash flow - you can always sell your used stuff.  Not gonna' happen... I'll sell blood and other bodily fluids first.With all of that said, here is my review from my last visit. The reason I checked in to Zia's was to find the 3rd season of Community.*Side Note:  Community is the best show on air right now!  Don't try to argue, just accept it as fact.Anyhow, I walked in and was given the "hipster" head nod while they had Foo Fighters blasting overhead.  Not a bad way to walk into a store.  I immediately got distracted by the sales bin at the front near the counter.  I decided to walk around and look at the other CD's they had going on... I ended up buying a couple of old punk CD's, that I once had.  THE GERMS - GERMACIDE and THE DESCENDANTS - MILO GOES TO COLLEGE.  Good stuff right there!  As I was walking to the counter to check out, I totally forgot about the reason I came in the first place.  So, I went to the DVD section and got my COMMUNITY DVD.  I paid full price but, since it's the best show on T.V. right now, it's well worth it.Checkout was easy and on the way out you can grab all of the free magazines they have by the door.  Plus, you can see what in-store appearances are coming up.  Good times!!!
3	To all you record lovers, I would recommend Zia if you are looking for some newer albums and fair prices. If you are willing to dig through the older stuff, they have a nice variety of used records where you can find the odd treasures. I am a blues lover and I was disappointed with the selection, but I do like that they are willing to trade used records and they have become my 'go to' for record shopping in the city.
5	This record store has a throw back ultra feel that makes it boss. If you name it they got it. If your grand parents name it they got it. Now if your great grand parents name it and they don't got it they will order it. And that is the business. After spending a many of weekends in this location I have decided to get a record player and collect my own favorite music. They got everything music cassettes cd's dvd's and tshirts and socks and odd items you didn't assume you would see in here. Items such as spider man and wonder woman its the best place ever to shop for cool stuff. I give it ten million stars forget five stars. The staff are friendly and helpful and more than willing to help you find things.
5	Very good selection of Cds and vinyl, even though they could use more old school punk rock, I still give them five stars because their customer service is excellent.  Also, the price and selection of their 'special effects' brand of hair dye is fabulous.
5	They carry kid-robot merchandise. I bought a few munny's. had a blast designing tem
4	Rad store! Just kinda smells funky. I love that they have a used book section. They have such a giant selection of books, CDs, DVDs, records, video games and more. You can pretty much find anything you want no matter the genre. All prices are affordable and the staff are cool and helpful.
5	Hands down, the best record store in Las Vegas. I know that isn't saying much, but Zia always has a large selection of new and used LPs, Blu-rays, DVDs, books and more.It is easy to spend hours perusing the different genres of music and films, and the prices on merchandise are reasonable and fair. They also have tons of small pop culture items that are perfect for gifts.If you are a fan of movies, music, video games, books, and other popular culture paraphernalia, you should check this place out. They are open late and accept used merchandise for trade. I really don't have anything bad to say about Zia Records.
1	Rude no customer service at all.
5	I've always heard about this place through word of mouth but I never actually stopped in until my boyfriend took me with him. I had an idea that there would strictly be vinyls here but I was pleasantly surprised that there was much more!There is a huge selection of new and used CDs and vinyls there. Whether you're looking for older or newer bands, you'll probably be able to find it here. They also have a big selection of new and used DVDs/Blu Rays you can choose from. If they don't have what you're looking for in stock they can order it for you from any of their other locations in or out of state. A huge plus is that many of these items are pretty cheap. It beats going into Best Buy if you're on a budget.If you're more of a bookworm they have a small section of unique new or used books. There are random items placed throughout the store such as ice cube trays shaped as pills, ninjas and sharks as well as vinyl placemats, ninja star bottle openers, etc. Last but not least there is a clothing section for band/movie shirts.Even if you don't buy vinyls I would still suggest you check this place out.
5	Ok, here's my first review in Las Vegas, and naturally, it's of a record store. But not just a record store, but Zia Records. Stepping inside was like going back to the 60s, it had the vibe. It's not as big as Amoeba, but they have a good inventory. Their strong point is DVDs and Blu Rays. Lots of em'. A decent amount of CDs and a great book section. All the little toys, dolls, posters, bells and whistles. They make the most of their real estate, It's laid out nicely, and the staff is very knowledgeable. 5 stars!
5	If your in vegas and looking to dig hit this place up. They carry new release vinyl and used. Zia has a great cd collection also found a lot of hard to find cd's here. T shirts are on point also. Reminds me of Tower Records. Peace
2	While I love shopping at Zia, I don't enjoy the staff. I did a trade today and the people working seemed less than happy to help me. A girl with blue hair didn't even thank me or say goodbye. I am very unimpressed and will probably not shop very much with them after I use my store credit. The stereotype of retail workers is definitely true at this store.
5	Whenever I travel to another city, I go in search for record stores to find hidden treasures. Finding Zia Records, I think I hit pay dirt. The store is very clean and nicely lit and it's giant sign is vial able from the road. While the Pop, Rock, Punk, And Metal selection is in one huge section, I will forgive it due to the massive selection of bands and albums they had. From its CD rack, I found albums I've been looking for and from bands I have never seen albums of (I am still shocked that I found an album from Reverend Horton Heat). The prices are very reasonable; from $7 to $15 an album so if you're a music fanatic,  check out Zia's Records
5	The internet has almost rendered relics like these obsolete. Almost. Maybe it is just nostalgia, but I still enjoy being able to physically browse around the products and get different ideas. I think there are positives to both physical and digital browsing, as I believe the brain works a little different around both options. And as far as physical marketplaces for music and movies (and other oddities) go, Zia's is about as good as it gets. The layout, selection, and (to a lesser extent) prices are all great. Plus, blu-ray and CD are still better quality than their digital counterparts.
2	My husband and I have been coming here for years and as of late the staff seem like they are bothered by your presence. Corporate policies are taking the common sense out of everything. I bought a brand new cd and went to return it wrapped and untouched but my brand new cd was past the return date which was a week! I resold a brand new $12 cd back to them for $3 store credit! Anyways I lost $3 in gas going back and forth so all in all it was a loss for me to go there and I won't be going as often anymore. Also they don't support local music anymore, making it super hard for local bands to even play there -you have to go through their corporate process which takes months.
5	I love Zia!The last time I was here, I got the cutest pink octopus mug!They have so many awesome things, even more than just music and movies.I always have incredible service, and find great treasures here.They have AWESOME deals on DVDs, too.  They also have a reward program that saves me money! :)
5	Helpful staff, quick with trades and great selection of Blu rays. This is my favorite location.
5	Love it here. Open late, they have what you want and IF it's that obscure and they don't have it, they'll get it. Thanks for the help, Dustin.
4	Great prices and a huge selection plus a friendly and educated staff; who can argue with that?  Always a new gem to be found and a perfect stop for long lunches when there are no patient's to call back or labs to review, I expect this to be a long and rewarding relationship.
4	Growing up in Arizona, Zia Records was THE place to go for music. I have many fond memories of standing outside Zia in line waiting for the midnight releases of some of my most treasured cds. Why it has taken me so long to visit the Las Vegas Zia Records, I am unsure... but I think it is probably the fault of iTunes and Pandora Radio.Last week my husband and I spent a couple hours perusing the offerings at this Zia, and we ended up making quite a few purchases. I love being able to find used cds for as cheap as $3! I could not find ANYTHING by a couple of my favorite groups, which is what prevents me from giving Zia a 5 star review... but despite the lack of some good old school hip hop, I still left with a lot of great tunes for a rather low price.Zia is more than just music. We also purchased a few books on our visit;  you can find dvds, video games, t-shirts and all sorts of cool novelty items that make great gifts! Be sure to sign up for the rewards program!!
5	They have a huge selection of music and DVD's. I found everything I was looking for. Friendly staff & a handful of fun, unique items!
1	I would give them minus five stars if possible. Originally visited back in November 2013, while on a Vegas Trip with my boyfriend. He collects vinyl and loves punk rock so he was excited to visit this store. He was like a kid in a candy store and spent close to 300 dollars in about an hour. Staff wasn't friendly, but wasn't rude.  We visited Vegas again in March and Zia's was on the list of places we had to go to.  We brought up some stuff for trade CDs, Vinyl, Dvd's   We arrive same mediocre customer service as before. We brought in our quality items for trade and were Rudely told by a man  " it would be a few hours before he could go through our stuff" because he had a large trade to go through. This man was literally doing nothing at all. My boyfriend stayed in the store, he had 500 dollars and a list of things he wanted to buy. I decided to go back to our car and just wait.  I was really put out by this guys attitude.  Mr Attitude then comes outside and takes the longest smoke break.  After he went back in the store I decided to call myself and ask how long it would take to go through some items for trade, Mr attitude himself answers and tells me about 15 minutes? What ? I don't get it you just told my BF a few hours. I called my boyfriend and told him this guys pulling shenanigans and we left.  I couldn't imagine spending any money here.  There was no plausible reason for him to not help us. My boyfriend was bummed.  Shame on you Zia's, you guys are there to make money right? Headed back to Vegas in November and you're not on our to do list. :)
1	My wife and I used to love this store. Everybody used to be friendly courteous and helpful. We bought an X Files box set and from then on it was all down hill. It seems the employees were really upset that they sold us a set of DVDs that was cracked and scratched. We politely asked that they repair them and they started to. We even told them it was alright and could you please order the season that was the worst from their Phoenix store. They took our information and ordered it. We never received a call but got plenty of horrible service the next couple times we were in the store. We then asked for a kids movie for my son, they said it was not in this store or the Sahara store, but they would be happy to order it from a Phoenix store. We said sure, and gave them our information again. Nothing. When my son arrived from Chicago, we went and asked. Nothing, no record of any inquiry. We asked about the x-files DVD. No record of any inquiry. Then we tried to bring in the next set of X-Files DVD's to have them repaired. They said we had owned it too long. I guess they expected us to watch all 9 seasons in one week to find all of the scratches and cracks???? Anyway, we love giving our business to locally owned companies, but if this is the kind of service you get, it's no wonder people would rather go to Best Buy or Walmart.
2	My first impression was "either this place is really really picked over- or its just a shitty record store."  So on I went, digging through bins and searching for something to catch my interest.  In the end, I'm pretty sure Zia is just a shitty record store.First off, service was fine.Selection, total crap!  Honestly, whomever is organizing your purchasing- and your trades- should be seriously counseled.  I haven't seen that many Three Dog Night vinyls outside of a Goodwill... ever!  Organization.  Wow.  Just Wow.  Okay, lets talk about the alphabet Zia, cause its time to learn it.  Also, and perhaps more concerning, in the vinyl's section you have a divider for bands like Muse, but not a divider for, oh I don't know... BOB DYLAN!?  Who made these dividers, I'm thinking it must be the same guy that bought those used Three Dog Night vinyls.  Finally, you have to maintain your stock sometimes.  Ever.  I think I fixed more out-of-their-home vinyls than anyone working there has in the last month.  Just guessing from the complete lack of organization.  When you do have a divider, use it. ORGANIZATION IS IMPORTANT!Pricing is pretty standard, but who cares when you can't find anything worth purchasing.  So also, Zia is a record store, "Zia Records" with more CDs, DVDs, trinkets, doo-dads, and books than you could shake a stick at.  I guess that's pretty par for the course these days, and I am guessing it might explain why their record selection stinks and the selection is a tragedy.  I don't want to sound too judgmental (well, sorta) but I wasn't hoping to find the "store-selling-strings-of-Dr.Who-lights-and-shot-glasses" so much as I was hoping to find a record store.Finally, fine folks of Zia, when you find that all the Nick Drake is together now, and so is all the Weezer, and Pixies.... you can thank me.  ;)
4	Great selection of both new and pre-owned vinyl at reasonable prices. I got away with a couple of Duran Duran albums at 2/3$ and a Dead or Alive record at $6. Very ok.
5	When I lived in Tucson, Arizona I used to live at Zia. Now that I am living in the oozing cesspool of diarrheal excrement known as Los Angeles I find myself missing Zia constantly. Luckily I make frequent visits to Las Vegas and this Zia has been a lifesaver!Phenomenal selection, very helpful and knowledgeable staff, plus it's clean and well organized. Add a lot of fun toys and collectables and this place is the best. One of my favorite things about Zia is their bagging policy. They give you the choice of a plastic bag for your purchases or you can go without a bag and get a token that you use to pick a charity. They then donate the money that they save on your bag to the charity of your using. Most places would just take the savings, but they give back to the community. Big time kudos to them for that.I stop by every trip and get new music for my drive home. Even if I lose in the casinos I win at Zia every time.Viva La Zia Records!
1	This is a really crummy record store. Its dirty and the people aren't nice at all. They screwed something up and said we are sorry but we aren't going to take the time to fix it since it is a small transaction.
1	I can't believe how rude I was treated. I waited in line a long time. Then I had a couple of question regarding some dvds I wanted.  I was rushed out the door without  what  I wanted. This place has really gone down hill. I guess I'll  just go to ebay for now on.
2	Ok place to buy CD's, records and some used books.  I sold dozens of my old CD's and did not get any cash value for them, which is fine but their reasoning as to why did not make sense.  Their customer service is awful.  Cashiers are RUDE and unapproachable.
2	I've always thought of Zia records as so-so but was never too fond of the customer service. I have come along a few employees that were friendly but most of them are big-headed and arrogant. Yesterday I went to this location and was literally shooed out by a very ill-mannered girl with short, blonde hair. Under the circumstances I understand she was doing her job but she was VERY rude about it while I did nothing to disrespect her in anyway whatsoever. She decided to be EXTREMELY disrespectful to me over something that I did not do. Working in retail I know that I would personally NEVER EVER treat a customer the way she treating me regardless of what the circumstances were. I have never experienced such rude manner from an employee before and I hope that I never have to again. Needless to say, there is a handful of record stores around the valley with cheaper selection and friendly, helpful customer service.
5	Awesome store!  I've been going to this location since they opened and I have never been disappointed.  Even when I wanted a movie that they didn't have (and is out of print) they called a store in another state and had it sent for me!  They didn't even charge extra, even though it was a used copy and only cost $4.  They probably spent more on shipping it!  That is awesome customer service!  Before I hop on Amazon and order any music or movies I will always check Zia.  Support your local record stores!!!!  Plus they have all the cool collectibles.  I love this place.  The people that work there are also amazing every time I'm in.
5	We had just had a jumbo meal over at Eggs and I, when we spotted Zia on the far end of the shopping center. I had bookmarked this store and was happy to be able to kill two birds. We made a beeline to the vinyl section. The boyfriend was really disappointed with the sad hip hop section, but I was too busy over at the rock section. If you've ever been to Amoeba, then you're familiar with their exorbitant prices. It's been a while since I've had a turntable, so I was accustomed to buying used records for a buck. To my pleasant surprise, Zia had a really great selection of classics for cheap. I stocked up on some Fleetwood Mac, MJ, ABBA, and even Bob Dylan all for $2 each! I went a little overboard and ended up with a $75 receipt. But if I had bought these over at Amoeba, they would have set me back $20 a piece. I didn't explore the entire store, but you can expect to find a huge selection of books, VHS tapes, collectible toys and a really great novelty section by the register. Because we opted out of getting a plastic bag, they gave us a little chip to place in one of three slots, each representing a different charity. Zia donates the money saved on plastic bags to these charities, which is such a fantastic idea. One was Heifer, one was Music Saves Lives and I forget the third. Be sure to sign up for their rewards card toward free merch!
5	I love vinyl records and not in the trendy way that hipsters do. I was handed down many amazing records from the 70's from my parents and now I just collect them. Zia records is like an old school record shop that we used to kick it at as kids. It is like the Empire Records of vegas! I would recommend anyone come here. They have a huge collection of vinyl that is used for lower prices and also a huge collection of vinyl that is new if they do not have the record you want in the used section. Prepare to look through many records as the are grouped into letters unless it is a very popular band. But honestly, that is most of the fun of going to the record store, that you can spend hours browsing the titles and bringing back old memories.
1	The workers are very slow and have no customer service. I went in to ask if they had a movie in stock and the answer I got was a shrug and they said "I wouldn't know because I don't really watch movies". The people they hire are very unqualified for the position and have no knowledge whatsoever other than mainstream music. The store is also very unorganized and smells terrible almost like goodwill. My boyfriend is the most qualified and musically inclined person I know, he got an interview at each location and they ended up hiring approachable females and trendy hipster like guys, that are under qualified and just look the part that zia records wants to portray.
4	I liked the record store it  was really cool inside and they had 2 dollar records good deals
5	Super cool spot! My GF took me here, and have been back myself several times. You can find all kinds of deals on items you cant even find online!
4	Zia is the place to go if you want to find music, movies, action figures, books/comics, cups, or just pretty awesome stuff in general. I went to both Zia Record locations in both nights(Eastern & Hammond; Sahara & Arville). My boyfriend and I wanted to see if another location had more rad stuff than the other. It doesn't. They have the same items, movies, music, etc. You just need to look around and first come, first serve on some items.Customer service is very welcoming and chill in both stores. They aren't up your ass while you shop around and find cool things but when they walk past you they acknowledge you and ask if you need help. It was a Friday night and the line had gotten pretty long, the employees downsized it quick enough though. At Sahara's location I found it was greatly organized and well kept up. It might be small in size but I found myself going back and forth. I couldn't make up my mind on what I wanted. Plus I didn't want to miss anything awesome! I snatched some incenses(10 for $1.75) and a collection of masks($10). At Eastern's location the parking lot was rather packed and it was hard to find a parking space. I figured the video section was messy and disorganized due to it being late but the entire store had items scattered.All in all, I will be returning back to both stores.
