5	Took a chance on the Benefit Brow bar and was very impressed. I have had the same brow girl in Napa for 8 years, so I was hesitant to let another soul touch them! They are knowledgeable and fast. Hope they offer brow tinting soon, that was the only thing I wish they had. Will be back for a Brazilian and a spray tan come spring!
1	Terrible experience through and through. As a new Vegas resident, I am looking to establish new relationships and businesses here want the same. Repeat clientele is sought-after in the Vegas market since there is so much tourist traffic. With that said, I called to make a same-day appointment for brows and was told there needed to be a 2-hr window before the scheduled time but since they weren't busy I could just come in as a walk-up. Perfect. I told them I would be there in 15 mins. Exactly 15 mins later I arrive and was told that the brow girl was nowhere to be found. I was then told to come back in 30 minutes, they'd make an appointment for me. I was confused about the "2-hr" rule they told me prior, but I rolled with it and 30 mins later I arrive back...she still isn't there. While the whole staff is attempting to text her and find her, I ask to speak with the department manager. A very kind lady, she informs me that she has no jurisdiction over that counter since it is leased and she'll have the counter manager call me that week in regards to this occurrence. She gave me a $50 coupon and apologized. This was a nice gesture and certainly unnecessary. I don't care for anything free or a parting gift, but I do hope people stick to their word and follow-up after poor customer service. I never received the phone call, and this was well over a month ago. EDIT: the business manager attemptedemailing me to bring me in for a redemption appointment and I agreed, though she never responded to my email back providing my number and my appreciation for her gesture. WHO IS THIS COMPANY HIRING?? I will never return here. Bad business sense all the way around.
5	I had a wonderful experience. I've had pretty traumatizing waxing and threading experiences in the past. I decided to swear them both off. I met Chancy who is one of the estheticians at Benefit. I decided to take a chance and go in for her to do my brows. She was amazing! She knew I had a bad experience in the past (half of my brow was ripped off and I was burned) and she made sure I was very comfortable. She explained the process every step of the way, teaching me about brow measurements and arches etc. It was such a pain free experience! I couldn't believe it. I went back in and had her do my make up for a maternity photo shoot. I haven't felt that beautiful in 8 months! I've had nothing but compliments on how amazing my make up looks in the pics. It's getting closer to my due date and shaving is getting tough. My biggest fear is a Brazilian, but I had such a great experience I'm thinking of going back to have it done! I have definitely recommended Benefit and Chancy to my local friends and I will continue to do so!
3	I went to this brow bar on Thurday March 6, 2014.  I wanted my eyebrows cleaned up.  I had also asked that my eyebrows be filled in.  When I returned to my hotel room, I noticed that a chunk of my left eyebrow was missing.   I wondered why the woman who waxed my eyebrows gave me a $10 tube of mascara for free.    I have gone to the Benefit Brow Bar at the Macys in downtown San Francisco, and the Benefit Brow Bar at Bloomingdale's in Manhattan.  I have never left with a chunk of hair missing from one of my eyebrows.
