5	As an MS patient, I've had my fair share of MRI's in the last few years. They can range from mildly uncomfortable and headache-inducing (due to the clicking, clacking, and jack-hammering sounds) to ones that have left me shaking and crying. SimonMed in Scottsdale has been the best experience by far. I was able to get an appointment before 7:00 AM, so I could be to work on time. The waiting room is very nicely decorated and completely spotless. The dressing rooms are super large and have a laundry basket, bench, chair, TV, and some toiletries. You actually get scrubs to wear rather than dignity robbing open gowns. It's the little touches like these that can make all the difference as to how comfortable you feel going in. And that in turn makes the time you must spend perfectly still in a tiny tube easier.The staff was all friendly, but my tech was completely awesome. I wish I could remember his name. He spoke to me like an adult, gave me headphones tuned to the radio station of my choice, told me exactly what scans were coming and when I would be injected with contrast solution. He also performed the injection perfectly so that there was almost no pain, virtually no blood, and zero bruising afterward. He asked about my previous MRI experiences, and when I told him about my worst one, he said he could do the same scan in 1/2 the time. I know I will need to continue to get MRI's, and I sincerely hope that I will be able to keep getting them at SimonMed. They are total professionals in a state-of-the-art and comfortable environment. Highly recommended for all of your health scanning needs.
5	The first thing I noticed about this place was that it was open and super tidy. There weren't magazines strewn about. Even on a Monday morning there weren't  a bunch of people waiting in the waiting room. People checked in and moved right through. It's great that you get your own dressing room that locks. No shoving your clothes and belongings in a cramped little locker.The staff gives you a pair of scrubs to wear for your procedure. No traipsing around in a half open gown and ankle boots. (I'd like to forget that SMLE experience)My technician (bob) was friendly and nice without being goofy. Explained everything that was happening. I was having a simple CT scan with contrast dye.I was in and out in about 45 minutes. BTW, I LIKE the contrast dye. Sick isn't it? A whole body warm fuzzy. I just wish it lasted longer.
5	THEE Best SimonMed out there! Been here too many times! :)
1	Went for my MRI and these folks took 3 hours. I was on time for my MRI at 2:45 pm. I left SimonMed at 5:45 pm into the busy 101 traffic. Something that takes 45 minutes (Check IN 15 mins, MRI 30 mins) took 3 hours. Staff was insensitive to the delay. Manager did not do anything.  Feel sorry for the Senior Citizen who was delayed too and was scheduled after me. SimonMed,          If u r running 3 hours behind schedule can't u call up the patients and inform them about it before they arrive there so they have the option to reschedule or come prepared for the delay?????
5	Typically, I get all of my medical taken care of through the Veterans' Administration. It's free...and it's free. But anybody who has served knows that when it comes to REAL medical problems, you want to be cared for by ACTUAL doctors and technicians. So, when it came time for me to get an MRI, I petitioned the VA to have a third party conduct the imaging. With their blessing, I was allowed to choose whoever I wanted to try and figure out what was going on with my shoulder.This being my first foray into the medical imaging world, I decided to do a little Internet searching. I was unaware of the multitude of imaging options there were available these days. My particular MRI called for an arthrogram, as well. While I was searching, there were very few imaging places that actually performed arthrograms. Simonmed, which is also conveniently located in my back yard, does just about everything you can imagine...including arthrograms.When I called to set up my appointment, I expected that I would have to wait at least a week before I could get something scheduled. Much to my surprise, they had appointments available the very next day. That sort of availability certainly makes things easier in the event that your situation is more critical than my own. On the day of my appointment, I arrived about 20 minutes early. There were a few families waiting in the lobby, so I expected that I might end up going past my original appointment time. So, I sat down in their nice lobby to finish filling out my remaining paperwork and watch whatever movie they were playing. Shortly after I turned in the paperwork, my technician came out to invite me back to begin the procedure. He was right on time!Now, an arthrogram, if you're unfamiliar with the procedure, can be quite an uncomfortable experience. In my particular case, the doctor needed to place a needle in between the bones of my shoulder and pump it full of fluid to make it visible on the MRI. It wasn't painful, but it was an EXTREMELY uncomfortable experience. Throughout the arthrogram, the doctor was very encouraging, all the while, trying to be as gentle as can be expected when she was cramming a needle in between my bones.After the arthrogram, it was time for the MRI. Now, I'm not a small person. I'm quite tall with broad shoulders. For me, the machine was relatively constrictive. Historically, I'm not claustrophobic. But there's something special about being confined in an MRI machine that will make you rethink your fears. To help myself calm down a little bit, I lifted my head to make sure I could see my toes. Then, I craned my neck to make sure I could see out of the top. That helped a little for me. But, the technicians could tell that I was still a little antsy. So, in between images, they were very calming and reassuring. After my images were complete, the technicians informed me that the results would be ready in 2-3 business days. I originally went in on a Friday. Like clockwork, the images were ready on Wednesday. From there, the staff at Simonmed were extremely helpful in forwarding the images to my general practitioner. If you ever need to see inside your body to figure out what's going on, Simonmed should be on your list of places to consider. The office is extremely nice, the doctors and technicians are pleasant and efficient, and the office staff are extremely helpful. That's great service from beginning to end...which is exactly what you hope for when it comes to your health and well-being.
1	In the last several years, imaging centers are popping up everywhere.  The market has become saturated.  With that in mind, logic would say that to remain competitive, customer service is the number 1 priority?  As well as strong techs,innovative equipment and competent Radiologists to read the exams.  Because I do know that the latter of the those reasons are true, I agree to go to Simon Med for an Ultrasound.  What's with the whole check in time vs appt time?  Does it really take you 15 mins to put my order into folder with a face sheet?  You already have my current insurance info and assume you have verified.  Then i wait.....in the SMALL reception area where they have a musical movie BLASTING on the TV.  It was disturbingly loud!!  As I sit there, squirming not only from the annoying sound, but also because this exam required that I drink and hold 30 oz of water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   To make matters worse, the receptionist comes into the room from around here barrier, to only turn the volume on the TV louder!!!!!  I thought it was a joke?  More time passes and I finally approach the uninviting ladies behind the shield and politely ask when should I expect to be called back for my exam?  "ahhhh what's your name?"   yeah idiot I just checked in 20 minutes ago...way to pay attention.  Brilliantly, she responded "I have no idea, I have not seen an US tech".  I wanted to unload my 30ozs right there.  I then explained how uncomfortable this was as well as inhumane!  It's not a good medical practice to allow someone to hold their FULL bladder for too long.  After another 20 mins, I gave up, more concerned with my health and feeling like i was being punished by the loud, annoying movie playing.  The staff is rude, they clearly over book as I was suppose to be the first morning appt, and they are taking risks to allow any patient to sit there for close to an hour holding 30 ozs of water.  I took my order back and rescheduled my exam across the street at SMIL.  My referring Dr. had offered me the choice of imaging centers for my exam.  I called him immediately upon my departure from Simon to let him know about my horrendous experience.  i can assure you, he will no longer refer patients there.
1	My review is based on scheduling. After being sick for many weeks, and several trips to the doctor, I finally landed in Urgent Care. The urgent care doc ordered a CT scan and referred me here. The instructions from the doctor were that I needed to be seen within the next two days based on my symptoms. I called to schedule the appointment and was told the earliest they could schedule me was EIGHT days out due to requiring insurance pre-authorization. I told the scheduler "I have a PPO." "That doesn't matter." She said. I told her "The doctor said I need to be seen within the next two days." That didn't matter either. I even offered to pay for the procedure myself, on my credit card and wait for reimbursement, but was told no. I asked if they had any earlier appointments. "Yes, but those are saved for patients with insurance pre-authorization." I was so upset I was ready to just go to the ER and get the testing over with! Luckily, a friend suggested Valley Radiologists (see review)- they had no problems making me an appt the same day. No hassles! :) Sorry SimonMed, you have lost my business!
1	Inefficient and discourteous.  Waited over 45 min with no explanation.  Dislike medical offices that think their time is more valuable than their patients.
3	We had to switch to Simonmed from Smil because if insurance. At first I was not happy, but after several tests I am really ok with sm. They are very professional and kind!  I want to thank everyone there for making me feel so comfortable and welcome. I was surprised ther were no written directions gor my kidney ultrasound. Smil offered directions that were on a printed sheet. Luckily my mother had taken this test at smil and she gave me direction on the water intake.
1	I am having serious abdominal issues and, after an ultrasound at another SimonMed location, the tech told my doctor that I needed a CT scan. I told my doctor's office to set up the appointment ASAP and I would be there. They scheduled with SimonMed at this location for 12:15. I showed up at 12:02, and at 12:40, I asked what was the delay, and was told my appointment was at 1:15. At 1:20, someone called me up to tell me that the CT scan people didn't even reopen after lunch until 2. This is the sorriest excuse for customer service that I've ever had to deal with at a medical facility. Now I am stuck waiting a 3-day weekend for results because they could care less about the customer as long as they get the payment from the insurance company. A total disgrace of customer interaction.
1	Receptionist nice and apologetic, however was scheduled for a 6:30p MRI but when we got here it was really a 7:00p appt with a 6:30 check-in to fill out paperwork that literally took 5 minutes. Not respectful of your time.
3	This review is only for THIS location's facility. I've been to a different location and had a totally different (and much better) experience. I agree with several reviews so far regarding lengthy wait times and an impersonal atmosphere. I waited for over three hours to complete the MRI and wait for the images. There were fifteen people in the small but well appointed waiting area, all restless and in different stages of anger from being ignored by the over-worked staff. This isn't my first trip to the rodeo. In comparison with other similar procedures at different facilities, this one was pretty nasty. It feels like the people who work here hate working here. I was walked back to the procedure area from the waiting area, still lovely and well-designed & decorated, by someone who simply read my name from a call sheet and then ushered me wordlessly to a giant X-ray machine. She looked comically miserable and horrified upon reading aloud what I'd turned up there to endure. I surmised correctly that this was indeed HER first day at the aforementioned rodeo as another tech came in to train her without acknowledging my presence. My visit required some time with the on-site MD whose demeanor was, thankfully, more personable than the techs'.  He was as gentle as possible and I have no complaints whatsoever about his performance. Prior to his arrival though, well ...I'll avoid this location in future if possible and recommend you do the same.
5	I had my first MRI the other day, and I was quite nervous since the area that had to be scanned was my shoulder. As a result, I had to go quite far into the medicine. Well, the whole event exceed my expectations.First, my appointment was at 6:30. I was asked to arrive at 6:00. I arrived slightly late due to getting lost, but I got the paperwork done in about 15 minutes. After the paperwork was complete, I was taken back at about 6:25 - 5 minutes ahead of my scheduled appointment.I was asked to change, and my belongings were locked in a secure area. Then, I was taken to the MRI machine. I noted my nervousness, and the technician did everything within her power to make me comfortable. First, she gave me a pad for under my knees. Then, she put a warm blanked over my body, along with a cloth to cover my eyes. I was also given ear plugs, ear protectors, and a device to squeeze in case I wanted out of the machine. Once completely comfortable, I was entered into the machine. After every set of noises, the technician checked on me. Through an intercom, she asked if I was comfortable and doing well. She checked on me 4 times during the 20 minute procedure. Due to her professionalism and care, I made it through the whole procedure without feeling nervous or moving enough to impair the results!!I have to commend Simon Med for making me so comfortable during this potentially nerve-racking experience. They earn my kudos and thanks!! On top of that, they promptly returned the results to my doctor. He received them within 48 hours, and was able to finally accurately diagnose my shoulder pain.
1	Even though my imaging experience was positive, I received inaccurate results on the MRI report. The report stated that I had a 60-70 % tear. I did NOT. Instead, it was found to be a 20% tear AFTER I had surgery, so it did NOT need to be repaired. Not happy with this poor reporting after all. Very disappointing!! I didn't even know that MRIs could be that inaccurate.
