4	Glasgow. All I could think when I was here. The vibe, the scope, the larger-than-life nature of the place... I felt like I'd been transported to Glasgow.That's a good thing by the way. There's a wanky, pompousness to the majority of Edinburgh bars and restaurants that you become all too aware of when you visit the laid back, sociable, seemingly-genuine vibe that Glasgow's wine-and-dine scene exudes. Glasgow knows it's job is to wait on you, Glasgow knows everything happens at your convenience, Glasgow knows you're the customer.Edinburgh often does not.Anyway, shitty Edinburgh rant aside. Back to the review. Where was I....... larger-than-life, yes! So, the staff are wide-eyed and chatty and it looks like Rascals have gone out their way to find people who are genuine chatterboxes. In other words it didn't seem forced.The food, is top top notch. Not only in scale but in options and in customisability. I opted for the Wingin' It; a beef burger topped with boneless chicken strips - coated in their own Louisiana hot sauce - covered in melted cheddar and a lovely spread of blue cheese sauce across the base of the bun. I also added chorizo... it seemed like it belonged on there. Rascals layer that cheddar on there. They are not shy. and I love it. Worth noting too that, considering on paper the above sounds like a messy beast, the burgers are surprisingly neatly presented.As for the rest.... chips were lovely, desserts were lovely and they even do a selection of other mains should you not be feeling the burger on occasion. Burrito does sound good and - judging by the burgers - will probably be a monster. Premium burgers are possible a quid or two overpriced, but I'll need to try one to decide upon that theory.Only neg I have, and it's the same neg for any restaurant whose focus is on their vast array of burgers, is that they seem to operate on the assumption that beef, chicken and veggie are the only burger base components worth giving a damn about. Where's the lamb, where's the venison, where's the halloumi? Just once I'd love to see a burger joint come out and offer something really different.... a duck burger with spring onion, bramley apple and/or plum sauce. How good would that be?Rascals, for me, is currently fighting it out with Bar Kohl for the Edinburgh Burger Crown. A couple dozen more visits to each and I'm sure I'll come up with a winner.
3	It's a busy Saturday early afternoon and you need lunch before you head to the Museum on Chamber street, so where would you go?  Rascals, of course!  OK there are many other eateries offering lunch but Rascals has been on our list since early this year.  So we decided to get it a try.We both ordered an Oreo Milkshake, which was actually quite delicious and went down a treat.  I had the Classic burger and added the blue cheese sauce and opted for sweet potato fries.  Tis all very tasty but I've had better gourmet burgers I'm afraid.  The pattie seemed not be freshly made but bought in.  It wasn't juicy as you would expect a "gourmet" pattie to be and didn't a handmade look about it.  The sweet potato fries however were nice as was the slaw - I had a taste of the jalapeno and pepper relish but it had a kick to it that was a tad too phoaw!  I like the brioche bun as it gave a nice sweetness to the dish.The other half had "The Meat Feast" Which was huge and stacked full of protein - The pulled pork was a dream (I had a little forkful (of heaven) and it's ashame you can't order a plate full of this!).  chicken breast, burger pattie, minute steak and bacon followed with a brioche bun!  Yeap a pile of protein!  This was on a plate with chips, slaw and the same relish.Both portions were pretty big and value for money. Together with a nice ambiance it's an alright place to go for a casual lunch.  I'm giving it 3 stars, I like it but still I've had better burgers before this visit, so wouldn't rush back for the patties sake!  If i were to go back I would like to tried the pulled pork dog as that's the dish that they say the place goes on.  You got to give it to them though as since they've opened (Dec 13'), the place is pumping with burger fans.
5	One of the best burgers I've had in a long time. I got the Mexican Mouth Melter. It was quite spicy, but well balanced and delicious. And very messy, the way a burger like that should be! My wife got the Ranch Burger which was also very good. The service was fast and friendly as well. Oh, and they have a great kids' menu that's not too skimpy.
4	I had a good experience here. Stopped in for lunch around 12:30pm and there weren't many people in Rascal's. But, it looked like it was priced decently so I decided to give it a go. In short, I'm glad I did.They have a "fiver" lunch menu that they brought out to me with their specials on it. I decided to go with the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and chips, plus a Pepsi. I noticed that the place was really clean and pretty quiet for a casual bar. It felt more like a family restaurant to me than a pub.  The food was great. I really enjoyed the BBQ pulled pork and overall I really enjoyed my lunch there. I would say that the price was good as well, all things considered. It was worth it in my view. When I paid, the server brought me a great coupon to use next time, which will definitely get me back in there at some point.
3	Ok, that is all I can really say about Rascals. The drink selection is fairly standard, by no means bad but also by no means amazing. The food looks great, but in reality it relies on good toppings to raise the burgers or hotdogs to something worth talking about. The toppings taste good and add a lot to the food, however the basic core item the meat patty or the sausage are actually fairly average, certainly no better than a lot of other gastro pubs.In short I'm happy to head here, it certainly isn't bad, but it also isn't that inspiring...
5	The feed me for a FIVER at lunch time is a great deal!! The sweet potato fries are incredible (no idea how they do it) & a burger topped with BBQ pulled pork is heaven. Great kids menu too.
