2	While the staff is pretty friendly here, there is NO need to have a drive thru (with at least 15 cars blocking the parking lot) in a state that has 120 degree heat.  I'm pretty sure Arizona & Starbucks are doing their share to contribute to global warming.
5	Truly one of the friendliest hardworking starbucks crews I've ever seen.  Yes they do need to add more tables inside - but the very supportive manager told me she's working on it!And to those who strike stars because of "drive throughs and global warming" .... you walked here, in 105 degrees, right!? Like global warming, hypocrisy sucks too ...
5	As a former Starbucks shift manager, I hold Starbucks stores to extemely high standards. I frequent SBUX a lot. By a lot, I mean more than the average Starbucks freak. With that said my input is based on what I know the founder of Starbucks wanted out of each store, and how close the store is to achieving that level of quality service. If any of the points below has an "N/A" next to it, that simply means I was not able to form an opinion based on our interactions.1-Below Standards2-Meets Standards3-Outperforms StandardsStore ReviewLet me preface this with two things. First, this store is not perfect whatsoever. However, this store is the busiest store in the state of Arizona in terms of revenues so in light of that, I'm cutting them some slack with the 5 stars. Second- The clientel that this store deals with is sometimes less than pleasant and they do a fantastic job at turning around bad situations. So lets begin! Avg Visits: twice/weekPartner Friendliness: 2 Partners smile, cheery, initiated conversation, although there are a few bad apples Partner Appearance: 3 All looked professional without exceptionPartner Knowledge: This crew is very experience and knows coffee and Starbucks wellStore Appearance (decor): 1 Could use some workStore Cleansliness: 3 despite being the busiest store, it is always clean from my experienceStore Comfort:1 This is by far my biggest complaint. I used to frequent this store every day for lunch when I worked in this area. 3 out of 5 times, I could never get a seat and during Arizona's summer's, there was no chance I would sit outside. I often either had to give up finding a seat or wait 15-20 minutes to get a seat. *Either 1 or 2 for this section. Its either right or wrong*Beverage Taste: 2 Iced Single Venty Hazelnut Breve Iced CoffeeBeverage Consistency: 2 Never had funny tasting drinksBeverage Temperature: 2 Always ice cold or steamy hot.Beverage Preparation (I watch): 2 No health hazards, shortcuts, etc.Beverage Mistakes: 2 Never had a wrong drink made. Will I return?: YESI personally don't care for Starbucks food and do not believe that is what Starbucks is about. Therefore I do not review their food offerings.
4	This location is always busy, especially in the morning. It can take up to 20 mins to get through the drive-thru which is never fun when you are trying to get to work on time. And the parking lot situation is terribly done, totally not their fault obviously! But the employees who work there are absolutely awesome!!! When I was in there this morning my card declined and I had no other way to pay for it. She told me to keep my skinny latte and muffin and not to worry about it, it happens. But I swore up and down that I would be back and of course I was later that morning and I left a tip! I'm an honest person but some places would take your drink back and simply throw it away, but they understand their customers are not first timers and will be back! Not saying go there to try this, but its nice to know great people and decent companies still are to be found around the valley!*update* I returned to pay my bill and they wouldn't let me pay for it! Apparently it was my 1 millionth visit freebie!
3	As others have noted, this is a very busy place, but for good reason. It's in a fantastic location on Shea Blvd., and the people who work here are incredibly friendly and very hard working, although some of the employees at other nearby Starbucks, such as the one near the Wal-mart by Raintree & 101, are (shockingly) friendlier. It's impossible to get coffee and/or breakfast here in the mornings, though, if you're on your way to work. At 8:30 in the morning they really need to put the most efficient (not necessarily the friendliest) person in front of the cashier counter, and it seems they did quite the opposite. It would also be nice if they could extend the front wall by about 2 feet and put more tables inside. The atmosphere is usually somewhat chaotic, and the music can be just a bit too loud and repetitive, too, but the fact that they even have a lounge chair at which I can park myself with a laptop and chillout for hours on end with free wi-fi I shouldn't complain too much. There aren't any other loungeable coffeeshops very close to this intersection (94th & Shea). UPDATE: Scratch that. Coffee Plantation @ Scottsdale Road and Shea. It's worth the drive.
3	This is one of,  if not the busiest Starbucks I have ever been in.  Being from the State of Washington, I have frequented hundreds of their stores, and generally find them relaxing - comfortable to sit and have a cup of coffee, read the morning newspaper, or browse on my laptop.  This is not the place for that. It must be because of its location in the midst of a medical center, offices, shopping center, and the bordering residential area.  The first time I came here, I just happened to find a seat.  Rather than catch up on the news, I simply watched the parade of different people come through. It was fun, but tiring and exhausting in a way, especially when I hadn't had my morning coffee.That said, the service was great.  The crew worked hard getting everyone served, and doing it with humor and politeness.  I was impressed how they handled themselves in the bustling and chaotic atmosphere, with customers yelling to be heard, and some not happy about the long lines.I have since found a number of locally owned, quiet spots that I prefer for my morning coffee.  But every once in a while I will stop by, just to watch the diverse clientele and the frantic atmosphere. One thing it is great for - people watching!!
2	This Starbucks gets some of the worst marks for service, correct drink order and overall friendliness.  I normally don't expect to hear: "yeah, what do you want?" from the Barista who clearly wasn't having a great day before I stepped up to the counter.This store is way too small for the area and tempers seem always to be short here.  The drive-thru doesn't make any sense since it's location only creates a traffic jam.  BTW, does anyone really go here to Chipotle?  Starbucks!  Buy them out and reconfigure the location.Sorry, I try to avoid this location like the plague.
4	Definitely one of the busiest Starbucks ever...  the drive-thru is always chaotic, cars trying to get into the drive thru from the south, north and east ends.  Cars blocking the road, people walking in and out.  Watch out so you don't hit anyone!  However, inspite of all the chaos, the crew in this branch are super NICE & quite efficient actually!  They can usually deal with the drive thru traffic, it goes pretty fast but going inside is even faster.  Just park your car, go inside and pick up your coffee.  Sometimes, the inside line gets too long too but the baristas have a system tohasten  the line.  This Starbucks is in my "hood" and I go back all the time inspite of all the  chaos...  Why?  Because the service is GOOD!
5	Fast, friendly drive-thru.  Yay!
3	So they took the advice of many of us and revamped the place, putting in more tables, and putting efficient workers in at the cashier in the mornings. Great! Only problem is, the wi-fi doesn't work. There's an "attwifi" router, but it's broken.Wi-fi is just not optional anymore. It's 2011. A coffee shop without wi-fi might as well be a coffee shop without any tables. Pass.
4	Internet works now. Seating is adequate (a good thing). Service is fast and friendly. And my hummus+chicken+pita+veggies tray is the freshest I've had at any Starbucks.
3	This Starbucks is A-OK considering the amount of business they do.  The service is friendly and they are very efficient at making you're favorite caffeinated Starbucks beverage.  I've been to this Starbucks several times and find them to be somewhat inconsistent at making my coffee or cool drink.  I also think they could be more efficient at cleaning up after people leave.  It's sort of a self serve experience after you've given the coffee barista's you're money.But then again it's Starbucks, so may be I shouldn't expect too much...
4	like any good ol starbucks, it's right near work/home/commute/gym/etc. i'm a fan of the strong yet bitter taste of starbucks. we buy their bags of coffee at the supermarket and then take our empty bags in for free coffees. this location always has a friendly staff and the it's usually pretty busy with alot of hospital folks or people trying to look important on their laptops or ipads. yay starbucks.
4	Hey, look, here is another Starbucks on this corner, let me try it out and feed my coffee addiction!So, in all honesty, I have never ventured inside of this location. Being located right across the street from where I work, I'm usually one of the 7-10 cars in the drive-thru line at 0630 in the morning. But let me say, kudos to you Starbucks for making your drive-thru long enough to accommodate all of our semi parked cars in the morning! And double kudos for being able to make the drinks for the seven other cars in front of me quick enough that I'm not late for the start of my shift (no need to wake up earlier with this Starbucks crew)! xoxo
2	This is by far one of the worst Starbucks.  The place is very busy and while the servers are quick they are far from polite.  Usually when drink errors are made Starbucks is more than willing to fix it but here the staff are almost combative.  Everytime I have gone here too it is as if the ac is broken.  The interior is warm and stale.  It makes you long for the chipolte next door.  Bottom Line: SKip this SB and head across the lot to Chompies.
3	A Starbucks inside a Starbucks.
4	The line was a little long but worth the wait! The staff was very friendly. This is my Starbucks.
3	Instead of going thru the Drive-Thru, I walked in and order Hot Cafe Mocha and light Carmel Frap with both  light on the whip cream. The gal that was making the Frap got lost into what she was making and the whip cream oozing out of the top. My Cafe Mocha seemed to be watered down.
1	The drive-thru at this location is not unlike the Apapa-Oshodi Expressway.*The Apapa-Oshodi Expressway, the gateway to Nigeria's two busiest seaports, Apapa and Tin Can Island, is home to the worst chronic gridlock in the world.
5	Michael, you are the friendliest Starbucks worker ever. Your good energy made my day. Thanks Nina for taking the time to make the best double tall dry cappuccino I've ever had at Starbucks.
4	I like this Starbucks even though it's ridiculously busy. In fact, I think this is the busiest one in the state...or something like that. I usually go through the drive-thru when I go here. I like the fact that they have a drive-thru because I'm too lazy, at times, to get out of my car and go in. Fair warning though...the drive-thru can get really backed up sometimes, so it's probably quicker to park and go inside.Working the drive-thru can be challenging because some of the drinks sound alike. I know if I worked it I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between a machiato and an americano...so props to the drive thru workers who never screw my order up.
4	This is a Starbucks. That means certain expectations and almost identical menu. This is an incredibly busy store. It is a rare moment in the morning when the drive through is not occupied by more than ten cars. It seems slow service but if you go in there will be a similar line that has slower service... Or so it seems. we have never had a mistake in our service. The staff is always friendly. We keep going. Don't hesitate to trust to the food or service.
1	Im bummed that I couldn't make a return without a receipt for a mug I got as a gift. I was going to put the credit towards a double steel walked travel mug but now I've got to figure out what to do with this one. Perhaps another location will allow it.  It's possible this is a company policy, but I find that hard to believe.
5	If you can beat the cars competing for a prime spot in entering through their Drive-Thru, I'd recommend stopping here.Why you ask? Well, every time I've been here:1. Staff associates are genuinely friendly2. Staff consistently asks appropriate follow-up questions as to not assume and mess up my order3. Coffee, latte, mocha, et al. are always on-point and made with precision.I tried their healthy fare Spinach and Feta breakfast wrap yesterday and am now a FAN! Not only is the calorie count lower, but it really is tasty.
3	Service was curt, but pleasant and quick.  Grande looked tiny when flat lid was locked into place (I ordered no whip).  Mocha frappuccino was TOO sweet, I could only drink a third of it, the part with the slushy ice, before tossing the rest away (please recycle plastic!).  Thank goodness I only paid half-price during Starbucks' happy hour (May 1st through May 10).
3	Starbucks is Starbucks is Starbucks.  It is nothing special and this one leaves a little to be desired.  At peak times, the wait can be a bit intense.  The staff is not very friendly or enthusiastic.  That being said, this location is the closest to home and on my route to work, so its what happens when my coffee making boyfriend sleeps in late and I'm left to fend for myself in the AM.
4	I enjoy the atmosphere, the size could be more moderate to keep the private cozy feel but you win some ya lose some.
2	This has got to be the messiest Starbucks I've ever been to.  I don't know if its just because it is small, but it is very cluttered.  Every time I've gone in there, inventory boxes seem to be just lying around.  I've had a few rude baristas in the drive-thru, a few pleasant ones.  Overall this location is just a bit meh.
4	It's a very MOODY starbucks! but the drinks are always consistently good. Best caramel macchiato out of any Starbucks.
4	Quick service. I like that.
3	Something has happened. Things move slower. It takes much longer to order than in earlier years. Staff is less experienced I think. We still do business there.
2	They destroy my drink 8/10 times and their baristas are quite rude. For one of the busiest Starbucks in Scottsdale, they lack quite a bit. I stopped coming to this Starbucks. I now go to the other one inside the store off the freeway.
5	I love the staff at this location.  I hit the drive thru everyday on lunch and the service is always fast and friendly! I don't live in this area,  so I always miss the chill employees when I visit other locations!
2	I've only been to this Starbucks location four or five times, but the times that I have gone haven't been that great. Once, when I ordered the tomato mozzarella panini, it took at least 10 minutes to get my order. There have been at least three instances where I'll order that sandwich and they'll be out of it. They should definitely order more sandwiches if they're running out that frequently. And a lot of the time, the staff don't even apologize that they're out they just say "ok, have a good night bye".
