2	I havent been to a Roberto's Taco Shop in at least 5 years and I decided to try it again. I can't remember why I skipped this one out of my Mexican food places but now I think I remember why. It's not that great but if you like a quick Mexican fix, this'll do.  The place is simple, service is fast, and it's fairly clean and decent place to have a quick lunch. I observe a lot of people coming for to goes but the time I was here, none stayed. Maybe its me? Hehehe. Oh well.
4	Disagree with previous reviewer.  Robertos's is as good and solid chain/over-the-counter Mexican food restaurant as you're likely to find in town.  It's fresh, they prepare the food with real ingredients after you order it, it's open 24 hours, what's not to like?This particular location seemed cleaner and nicer than a few others I've been in around town.  If you're a carnivore, I highly recommend the Carne Asada burrito.. great flavor, and not at all lacking anything in terms of how much steak you get!
1	WORST TACO PLACE !!!!! First off the cook told me to F off because they didn't serve beer. On top of  that they place was really dirty and the cashier kept talking to her friend while I was trying to order
1	Tacos were expensive and tasted bad.  Mom spent $12 for 4 large tacos which is absurd for a taqueria. I only ate it because we were hungry, it was late and at least it's not greasy spoon fast food.  The food was not the best quality as it did not hold up well by the time my mother brought me the meal, and she was not far away from the UMC where I was.  The tacos were cold, tasteless and the tortillas fell apart too easily when eating.  The vegetables in the taco did not taste like they were not at the peak of freshness even if they were still edible.  A good quality and fresh tortilla should be warm, soft and hold its shape as you eat it.  The red sauce was milquetoast.
3	Ive reviewed the other Robertos near my work,  and i am just as happy with this location.  I dont usually go in the middle of the day,  I usually come to this location in the middle of the night to get my carne asada fix.  The carne asada burrito has to be made by the book because it never fails to satisfy my meat tooth.  Good value for the money.  The space is always clean, except maybe the vegetable/side items area can get a little bit messy at times, the staff is always cleaning something every time I drive by or come in. All in all a pretty clean location compared to some of the other one's I've been too. For the price, the food can't be beat. Cheers! -MikeB
4	I came in here to get my taco Tuesday on.. Sadly, no deals for tacoI instead found a deal for the breakfast burrito on Tuesday.  Got myself a breakfast log and a carne asada for the coworker.  Took awhile for them to get my order out.  While waiting, I packed up a few spicy sauce and mild for takeout.  Pick-up is fairly easy since they have a number system on the receipt.  Back in my office, I unwrapped my log and was amazed already by the size.  Took a bite and was burnt by the hotness.  Even though it took me 5-10 mins to get back, my log was still hot!  Awesome!  I am glad they packed it full of eggs, hash, bacon bits.  Everything tasted good; mainly because I was starving.  I'm sure my coworker was happy too with his, since he devoured his before I even got half way.  Plenty of seating inside the restaurant.  Mainly booth seating.  Parking may be an issue at lunch rush.  I always have a hard time here around noon till 1.
5	This is my SPOT! I come here for the Asada Fries, Taquitos or the Tacos..
3	As far as Roberto's go, I'm not very impressed by this location. I have been in several times for lunch and the order has been wrong in one fashion or another every time. If you are tight on time or have to take your lunch break right around noon, you might be in trouble. Very busy and limited parking. The food is good, but never what I ordered. I've done breakfast a few times too. Outstanding! No wait and plenty of parking early in the morning.
4	Much better this time around. Went a little later than usual, which made a huge difference. A later lunch meant no long line. The chorizo burrito was hot to the touch and remained that way 'til the very last morsel. The quesadilla was hot as well and cheesier than my boss's cheesy redneck jokes. Avoid the traditional "lunch hour" here and you are good to go. It's amazing what a difference an hour can make. Between 11:00 and 12:30, you have to wait in a long line and can barely find a seat. The further you can stray from that time frame, the better your experience gets. Next time I'm going to give the chicken tacos a whirl. A co-worker chowed down on some and they looked scrumptous.
4	Just over $10 and I got a beef taco, 3 rolled tacos-loaded, a quesadilla, and a bottle of water. Bonus points for the grease-laden quesadilla. This was a fantastic gut bomb that would have been perfect as a hangover cure. They never disappoint, unless you are my buddy..... They seemed to have forgotten his order entirely. That's ok-didn't hurt my rating one bit.
3	I'm writing this review for two reasons....1. There is no drive-thru here2. It's 24hr (are all Roberto's 24hr?)So, know that if you come here, you have to leave your car (gasp!), but their doors will always be open (there aren't many 24hr 'fast food' joints open in this area). This particular location is clean and has about 10 tables inside. I've never seen more than 2 tables being used. Taco Tuesday is $1 beef tacos (max 12). That being said, it's Roberto's. It tasted just like every other Roberto's. You can find a better version of everything on their menu somewhere else in this city. The question is, can you find it at 3am...
2	Man how disappointed I was with quality of food with this Roberto's Taco Shop . Generally I love Roberto's especially the one closest to my house off Gibson. But I decided to try the one closest by my work which happen to be the Rancho dr one.. This is the second time I have tried the food at this location and was let down twice .. Normally I love the Wednesday taco deal , but the tacos at this location were a big let down . I went during the  lunch hour rush, both times and it seems like they maybe a little under staffed . Because the food I got was cold and I noticed that the had a canister full of pre cooked tacos .. I ignore this, but when  I go to eat my tacos they just fall apart because they are cold and hard .. I Know it's not easy to keep up with the rush hour for lunch .. But I think the food should be cooked upon ordering .. Not pre-made food that I received..  Sorry but twice is enough for me not to return to this location ..
1	I was really excited to find a Roberto's near my workplace especially since I just had some the night before I came here. But boy was I met with total disappointment at this Roberto's establishment! The facility itself is messy. The salad bar wasn't fresh AT ALL, the floor was sticky and needed sweeping, and the staff spoke very little to no English. On top of that, one of the counter personnel (I'm sorry I will not disclose who this person is nor their gender, I'm not trying to get anyone fired) came out to talk to my coworker and I about their oral health concerns (in Spanish). Now...I completely understand Spanish...but it takes me a little while still to form all the correct words in my head in order to carry a conversation in Spanish...but I responded to all the questions with English while still holding the tongues with hot carrots in them. They didn't get that I wasn't interested in that conversation. AT. ALL. Anyway that's beside the point...my point is...I'm on lunch....don't you think it's rude of you to approach anyone to talk about the pus coming out of your tooth you thought you extracted a year and a half ago?!?! I'm in the dental field...I have a strong stomach but yuck! That's not something I want to hear from a place where I'm getting my lunch! So now...the food :(I ordered a chicken chimichanga and my co-worker ordered a chicken nacho plate thing with more chips than chicken. My chimichanga was full...and I mean FULL of onions...WTF where's the meat?!? I usually like onions but c'mon man! That was just too much! My co-worker's plate was full of onions too!!! She asked for more chips than chicken meat and she literally (and we counted) only had 9 chips!!!! She was pissed! The food was edible. That's about it...nothing to wow about. I should have driven the extra 5 or 6 miles to the other Roberto's I went to the night before.Not ever coming back to THIS Roberto's again.
4	Odele muthafuckas...this is hands down one of the best Mexican restaurants I know of. Gives me one more reason to thank the Mexican culture. I generally order the carne asada burrito,beans,guacamole,sour cream,pico de gallo and a lil Mexicana love. And you know what I love about a lot of Mecican restaurants...they post pictures of the actual food. Compadres, this is muy bueno.
5	Had breakfast  here and the employee was the only one working.  He completed  my order and was able to assist others without taking a long time. Very clean establishment.
3	Food here is satisfactory. It's not going to blow your mind. I generally order the California burrito and it's good. But if your looking for something authentic look elsewhere. However, it does the job if your looking for something cheap and filling.
