4	I really like my little neighborhood library. The staff is always friendly and helpful, and the selection of books is good, although not huge. There are also computers you can sign up to use there. They seem to offer a lot of good programs for kids and the community. If you're looking for something very specific, I'd search for the book on the library system's Web site. You can request copies and see where copies are available. It's a pretty helpful system.
4	I am a big fan of this library and agree with everything that the previous reviewer said.  Most of the staff are very helpful and pleasant.If you want a huge selection of books, this is not the place for you.  However, books can easily be "ordered" from other libraries for pick-up at PM.  One thing I really love is the wireless internet access - you can take your own laptop and use it there.  Several of the tables along the perimeter are near outlets, to allow you to plug your computer in.  This is Plaza Midwood, and the clientelle will be varied.  It is a great resource for the PM community.
5	Who doesn't like libraries?  What's not to like?  I'm especially happy with this library because it's a short walk from home and, thanks to the highly efficient Char-Meck Library website and catalog system, I can order anything in the system and they'll have it waiting on a hold shelf at the Plaza-Midwood branch within a couple days.Great service, and you can't beat the price.Check it out!
4	The Plaza Midwood branch is always a logical stop on the book buying excursions which I occasionally indulge in.  Located across from the Book Buyers, I never fail to find find nice, gently used library books for a mere .50 for a paperback or $1 for a hardback!  This branch is always busy and super diverse; it house a Spanish and Vietnamese language collection.  Pretty rad for a small library.  The collection is small, but easily accessible.  The varied clientele makes for good people watching as well.
3	Despite the fact that the entire Char/Meck library system appears so be having a tough time lately, the PM branch is still an enjoyable and valuable resource to the community. That is, if you can get there on a day they are open, which last time I checked were T W F S.Their CD collection is in keeping with the flavor of the neighborhood, which is to say a little more independent than you might expect from a library. The book selection is not particularly expansive, but if that is your goal, head to the main branch. It can be a bit of a chore to get on the computers, so plan an extra hour or so into your schedule if that is on your to do list.The staff are always friendly and helpful and the lending periods are generous.Oh, and if anyone can get the pulldown menus on the Char/Meck Library website to work properly - let me know.
3	They actually have a decent selection of books, cds and dvds for being so quaint and one of the smaller branches. I've never had an issue with parking when I've gone however they always seems to be a ton here. Librarians are friendly and it's nice to deal with one of them instead of just going to a computer like everything else these days. Since my printer is on the fritz, I go here to make copies since it's only $.20 a page which saves me a ton of money instead of going to FedEx. It's super easy to reserve a computer if you need to get some work done and best of all-free with your card! A+ for people watching!
5	This has become my favorite branch.Despite its small size (compared to the other branches I've frequented), I've only had one visit when the place appeared crowded. I've never had an issue getting a parking space in the lot either. I like the layout of this cozy location. I feel I have more privacy on my laptop, where as at bigger branches I've often felt I was being watched over my shoulder; on one occasion I was correct.The Plaza-Midwood branch has a homey atmosphere and I like it. I'm thinking about making it my "home" branch, which for me would mean it's where I pick up my reserved items.A minor issue: the entry/exit doors are heavy. What worries me more is the wooden chairs, in a "Joan Crawford and wire hangers" kind of way. And dude... I am so serious.
5	I love this branch. There's never a wait at the location itself and generally I can go online, order what I need to and have it within a few days notice. It is smaller but it's a nice place to read and most importantly it's safe!They are really good about keeping up with newly released books- though if you hear about it on NPR expect the book to have a bit of a waiting list (I one time was number 153 in queue...yikes). I like the audiobook selection for long car rides, my only wish is that they continue to amp up their kindle book selection. They do have special hours, so always check the website first.
