5	I haven't been in nearly a year, so I am due.This little S/M gem is hidden on Oakey and if you aren't familiar with the area, can be a bitch to find, get in and get out.Having said that...We were immediately impressed by the front office/screening area. They want to make sure you are of proper age and know what this place is.In the office you'll find seating and advertisements for kinky places, shops, and vacations. Pretty awesome, I took a handful.Once inside, you'll see a kink store that specializes in their own brand of "electro-stimulus play". Basically you buy the box and wiring. Then buy the accessories. There are more accessories than you can shake a stick at. I mean a whole catalog, and illustrations of how they can each be used. My hubby and I have known of this place, and its wares for years, but are still unable to afford them. To my knowledge they will let you go to the backroom and try somethings out in "the chair".Sounds ominous.I have seem the exhibit at a few fetishballs, and at the time,was too reserved to exhibit in public...even though it was behind closed doors. It was still in front of people.Anywayyyyy,must return again with lots of $$$.Would appreciate a groupon/ some other form of discount greatly. The economy sucks!
5	I wanted a few slappy bits for a trip I was taking: paddles, crops, that sort of thing. Over an hour later, I walked out with a Halloween outfit, slappy fun toys (among others), a gag, and a new appreciation for latex.Entering through the screening room is perfect. I have been shopping with looky-loos milling about and have little patience for people who seem offended that my companions and I can openly discuss what we're considering and why. Seriously folks, it's a FETISH, ADULT, SEX-related store. The Studio understands this! That's not to say there aren't gawkers on occasion, but this certainly lessens the probability. Why is this important? For me, the entry makes it that much more personal. You aren't wandering in off the street and picking at plastic bachelor party toys to shock your friends while some random clerk shouts out a half-hearted hello. You are entering a space into which you are invited, guided. This was a new one for me, and stepping over that threshold in that manner made all the difference.My guide was Anna. I was given a quick tour with some information to help me get the lay of the land, and then left to browse. I wasn't hassled or hustled; she doesn't hover, but she is there in a flash if you need assistance. Knowledge is a powerful tool, especially shopping for the types of items I was browsing. This isn't just a job for her and it shows. She helped me understand various materials, shapes and care of things as I made my choices and even asked questions to make sure she could help me find just the right items. No one else in town (anywhere?) has ever taken the kind of time to understand what I needed and what would be the, ahem, best fit. Not just the toys, but the clothes are fantastic. I fell in love with a black latex corset that shined with many heavy, steel, buckles. I had to have it! Anna took the time to show me what it was that I was trying on, showed me the construction, compared it to other items to ensure this was exactly what I wanted, and then the darling helped me into it!I tried on a few things, never feeling that I was wasting her time as I hemmed and hawed a bit as I made my decisions.Leather, latex, vinyl, toys... you name it, they've got it! (Minus the kitschy "shock" party favors and clueless clerks.) Whether new to any of their wares or a member of the old guard, they've got you covered. I have heard complaints about their pricing and there have been times that I shopped around (i.e. elsewhere)... we all do. Overall, however, they have something for every budget, every need.FYI - E-stim fans! Paradise Electro Stimulations (part of The Studio shop) is amazing, too. Review incoming over at: http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-electro-stimulations-las-vegas
5	Front greeting area is a little odd and as they didn't respond very quick I almost walked out. When they did get there the lady who greeted me took me back to an absolutely amazing shop. It's very good size and super clean with a wide variety of merchandise. You really need to go here you will not be disappointed. They even gave a $20 off coupon because I spent over $100.....and I'm going to go spend more.
5	I've been more times than I can count! My first was 2005 for my 35th Birthday! The best of the best for latex clothing and fetish toys... An absolute hidden gem of vegas! Ana provides amazing customer service and is a delight to visit with while shopping! Their dressing room is a unique little dungeon.. I highly recommend a visit every time you are in Vegas
5	I've been to this shop twice now, once a few years ago, and once yesterday.I love this place.  You walk in, and there is a little screening area, with the door to the shop locked, a little sitting area, and a window.  We had a very nice woman come to the window, and ask us if we were here for the shop, and then let us in.It had been a couple years since I'd been to the shop, but wow, it is just as awesome.Leathers, latex, collars, floggers, spreader bars...not to mention all of the medical supplies...sounds, rings, speculums, there are also cupping sets, which are very reasonably priced, and electro-kits...I love how helpful, but non-overbearing the employee was.  I wish I could remember her name, but she was awesome.  She didn't hover around us, she chatted about the products, but wasn't pushy at all. The store is clean, and well lit.  I'd like to frequent this shop a lot more.
5	What a gem this little shop is, tucked away in a strip mall! Coming to Vegas, you'd think any "sex store" you visit would be full of gimmicky gag gifts and cheaply made lingerie.This place has everything but your typical trinkets! I was blown away at the professional waiting lounge, which was designed, I'm guessing, to keep out the riff-raff. After being let in by the amazingly helpful store owner (I believe?), we enjoyed chatting with her about all the many e-stim items they offered. She was extremely knowledgeable about the products offered: restraints, high-end "toys," tools of the trade, and lotssss of latex clothing. Because we checked in here on Yelp, we got a free bottle of their own lubricating creation called Kinky Lube, designed for extreme play. We've used it since and it definitely does it's job, so to speak.This is definitely one of the best sex shops we've been to, and I'm sure if we are ever in Las Vegas again, we will stop by to see if there is anything new!
