5	Friend recommended me to come here to find a holster for my handgun and the older gentleman in there helped me find one that would fit my compact handgun he went out of his way to make sure I got the one I was looking for I also like how you don't have to drive to the strip for accessories as they seem to specialize in just that.
5	Nice clean shop. Very personable employees. I needed shirt stays (yes they have them here) so I called to verify they had them in stock. Went to the store and got the shirt stays and one of the employees (I think he was the owner) was very personable and pulled up a chair while I was trying to figure out which shirt stays I wanted and we were making small talk, which continued at the register. Nice guy.
5	These guys are great down there...very helpful. Only place in town that had the boots I was looking for...they also had Clipdraw for Glocks cheaper than the Internet. Good stuff. I'll go back.
1	DO NOT BUY FROM THIS PLACE, OWNER IS RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL!!!! This place was recomended to me by a friend of mine who happens to be a Police Officer.  I went there to buy equipment on August of 2014, which I would use for the Metro Police Academy.  Unfortunely, the department decided not to hire me anymore so I had to return the items since I wont need them anymore.  I went to the store on 09/26/2014 to try to return the items.  I spoke with the owner of the store, who at first I didn't know who he was.  I told him what had happened and that I need to return the stuff and he said no.  He grabs my receipt from my hand and says, " We only do 3 day exchange'. I tried to convince him to do it since I quit my full time job and I'm out $1100 dollars. He still said no and I ONLY replied by saying that it was BS they only do a 3 day exchange.  He replies by saying that I'M FULL OF SHIT and I requested to talk to the owner, and he says 'I am the owner'.  I told him,' You are the owner?, a full grown man who just used foul language against me!!'.  He looks at me with a lame face knowing that he made a mistake.  So I told him that he needs to change his return policy because is BS and not fair but he still didn't care and told me that is my problem that I'm stuck with the items and said once more that I'M FULL OF SHIT!!  And just for the heck of it, I told him that I really hope he runs out of business.  And for the record, I have bought stuff there before and they were always nice because he wasn't there.  My name is Oscar Garcia, I used my wife's account since I don't have one.
