2	Surprised nobody has reviewed this place since it's right across the street from Hawkins Arrowhead.  Well, maybe it's because they found a better sushi bar to go to before the movie.My wife had Chicken Teriyaki - good miso, strange oil/vinegar/ginger salad dressing on lettuce that looked like it came out of supermarket bag.  Chicken was just barely ok - she'll try the rest in a stir fry at home. I had Yellowtail sashimi that was very good, but not an attractive presentation and thicker cut than I'm used to (but I notice a lot of AZ bars serve it that way, so you must like it). The wasabi was NOT at all spicy.  Had a tuna skin roll that was just ok and we shared a California roll that  was pretty good.All in all, the two stars says it - I've had a lot better.  Oh, when we left, the sushi chefs ignored us and the waitress yelled "Thanks."  What happened to Arigato?
2	Went here today to try it out before seeing a movie... and while it was ok, there were some issues.Service is an issue.  You enter the place and nobody greets you and the poor server is alone to serve and bus the tables.  There is no sign that says "seat yourself" or whatever, so we stood there for a minute, waiting for instruction, not wanting to be rude.Sushi chefs completely ignored us.  The server had been outside clearing tables and didn't know we were there, then when he came in, he told us to sit anywhere.So we sit down and wait another 5 minutes until he comes over to bring menus and ask what we would like to drink.  Of course, having never been there before, we don't know what they serve, what the prices are, or if there are specials.  So we ask... the server seemed apologetic... I'll give him that.So we got the large kirin and a large sake to share.We ordered the shrimp and vegetable tempura as an appetizer (which was served with not enough sauce to dip your stuff in... I understand waste not, want not, but to dip, I need more than a drizzle), then ordered the Maryland roll, Rhode Island roll, and the Washington roll.The Maryland and Rhode Island were good.  I liked the Rhode Island better while my partner liked the Maryland... both very good rolls.The Washington roll... it is a cucumber roll, no rice.  You get a huge piece and all you can taste is the cucumber, not the salmon and I think it was red snapper inside it at all.  We cut off half the cucumber and it was much nicer.Price was normal for a sushi bar... expensive for your average restaurant, but that's sushi for you.When we left, there was no goodbye or anything like that... again, the sushi chefs completely ignore you.All in all... I wouldn't hightail it back to try out their other rolls unless it was just convenient because I was seeing a movie.
3	The sushi is decent, but nothing to write home about. The location is fabulous. When we have a few minutes before a movie, we grab our tickets and head across the street for a beer and a roll.
4	I have learned the secret to this place is to sit at the sushi bar if you can. My friend told me about this place and went on about the fact that the sushi chefs just kept handing him different things to try (none of which appeared on his bill). So I went and was impressed by their selection. They literally have at least 50 rolls (one for every state). We sat at the bar and had a good time. The chef indeed handed us a couple of things to try, the most interesting being the battered and fried salmon skin. All in it was good!
3	Not the most mind blowing sushi in the valley, but Koi* makes up for OK quality with great service and the most variety.I went here on a date, and my date had never had sushi before. We'd started off with the Alabama rolls (cream cheese, avocado, salmon), and with the help of our sushi chef, convinced her that the wasabi was actually guacamole. After she piled it on and was surprised by the heat, me and the chef had a good laugh. He said "HAHAHA! She is...SUSHI VIRGIN!" On top of being great for conversation, the chefs are known to give out free appetizers of some random tempura. It's a great sample that leaves you salivating for more (which won't take them long to prepare--they're quick!)Besides being a fun place with a great staff, they have more rolls than you'll be able to try in just a few visits. There are 50 specialty rolls, and most of them are unique. There's also your standard Japanese beer/sake (Sapporo, Kirin Ichiban, Sho Chiku Bai).So when you feel like dressing down a bit and having a casual sushi experience, be sure to stop here. *But not that other Koi on 43rd & Dunlap. They suck.
5	I guess my new Droid X can't do everything; I was trying to find the location of the Koi Restaurant and spoke the words Koi Sushi and it started giving me Coy places. If it were an interactive device, I would've told it to not be coy with me.In addition to the smart phone debate, the place doesn't have a website, in which I wish it did. I was trying to get my Sushi-Loving-But-Worried friend to warm up to a new place she hadn't been to before. So, without the site and not necessarily relying on other reviewer's opinions, I stopped by there just to get brochures, pamphlets, menus and health inspection notifications. Luckily, the latter had all fifteen of them marked: Now Meets Substandard Quality.Okay, that last part was a joke, but I did get the very colorful menu and convinced her to broaden her palate. We did go, in fact, and it was DELICIOUS! I do love Sushi, but unfortunately, I don't get to go to the high end places, so mine's limited to good-to-buffet style. I write that so you know where my experience comes from. (I also liked Todai, but I don't believe it's here in AZ anymore.)We both got the all-you-can-eat, which is, in fact, limited to what you can eat. Any leftovers and they're supposed to charge you. My father always told me my eyes got bigger than my stomach, and they did here. I thought we ordered 6 items altogether, and each items include what, 6-8 pieces each?Turns out we only ordered 4, and half way through we told our excellent waitress that if we had ordered any more: CANCEL! She confirmed this was all we asked for. Between me and my friend, we couldn't even finish all four. I wish I remembered what "states" (meaning types of Sushi) we ordered, but I do remember the last: The Rhode Island. That was HOT, but enormously delicious. Too bad I could only eat two pieces before I was spent.Here's great customer service: It was our first time there, and I knew we ordered more than we could eat, so I was prepared to pay the piper. Our waitress left us and came back after speaking with someone else and told us that we didn't have to pay full price because overall we didn't order much. Thank goodness! With tip and all, it came to roughly $80 - out of my own pocket. And we didn't even get the Sake Bombers I so wanted.Advice: Unless you're a heavy eater, which I am not, order just individual items. It could save you a bunch from the All-You-Can-Put-Away prices.Overall, the place is clean, quaint, really beautiful inside - small enough for intimacy and a great and helpful staff. Honestly, I have absolutely nothing bad to say about the place and would recommend to all.  I would say they need to learn about an up'n'coming new international media device most people have on their laptops, but other than that, enjoy!
2	I love sushi but this was very disappointing. I went there because I did read some good reviews but I just figure those were written by people who don't eat much sushi. The sushi was barely better than supermarket sushi. Even though they had lots of roll most of them were cooked and the choices for uncooked was very limited. We ordered an assortment. The rice was drying and fell apart when we tried to eat it. I like my food spicy and I did order a couple of spicy rolls which didn't taste like it had any spice at all. Overall the fish tasted mushy rather than firm. We also ordered an appetizer called Dynamite. When I asked the waitress to tell me what was in it she seemed very unsure. I wanted to know if it had mussels in it and she said yes. There were no mussels and it was mostly made up of dry tasting in bay scallops.The waitress seemed less than friendly. She seemed bothered when we asked her for anything like a glass of water or more tea. I will not return here and would not recommend the place even if it is convenient because it is across the street from the Harkins Cinema.
5	This is a fabulous place with great prices and variety. Their normal menu is the same price as other local places' happy hours. The salmon sashimi was amazing. The service is very friendly, welcoming and knowledgeable about their rolls. I definitely have found a new weekly place!
5	As far as Sushi goes, this is probably one of my favorite places.One of my best friends introduced me to Koi, and at first I was skeptical, because she used to refuse to eat sushi. This was one of the first places she'd ever tried sushi and she ended up loving it, so she showed me! I am so glad that she did, because it is really good.The servers are always so friendly and they make sure that your drink is never empty, which is nice.I love almost every roll on their menu. Their drink selection is nice, and to top it off the place is so quaint and cute.
4	This place made me rethink the nastiness of Sushi. I'm one of those picky people who acts like a 5 year old when it comes to "yuckie" foods, but this place had Sushi that actually looked appetizing. The place is hardly ever too busy/loud, so its an enjoyable atmosphere. Prices are decent. The servers are friendly, but they don't come around as frequently as my thirstyness would like.
4	Their rolls were very good, we stopped in before catching a movie.  They were very fast and very attentive to you.  The place itself is very small, but they have a patio for you to seat as well.  We sat at the bar, the sushi chefs were really friendly.  My husband is not a huge sushi fan, but he really enjoyed the sushi here:)
4	The huai du bop (spelling?) at Koi is a must-have when I visit Phoenix (let's just say they know me there). A massive bowl of fresh greens, daikon radish, a bit of spice and sauce, and amazingly fresh, flavorful fish. A sashimi salad, essentially, and one of my all-time favorite meals. We often split one of these and add a roll for a meal fit for a queen!The rolls are flavorful and while some of the old standards are there, of couse, they have some unique ones as well. I love their state-themed rolls: a take on a flavor or ingredient you might expect traveling these united states... in sushi form!Another favorite is the all-vegetable roll (damn, the name escapes me), that uses cucumber instead of rice and seaweed. On a hot day in the middle of the southwest desert, this is a light lunch that allows you to enjoy their amazing sushi without feeling heavy when you leave.The food is fresh and tasty, the service is fast and friendly. The space is small, but there always seems to be room for one more table, one more person at the bar. Depending on the weather, go out and enjoy your meal on the patio!The wine list could be expanded, but they have a decent bar selection.
1	Two of my friends and I decided to go out for lunch the other day, specifically craving some sushi.  Since two of us live on the west side of the valley and the other lives on the east side, we decided to find a place in the middle.  We settled on Koi Sushi.  Big mistake.Upon entering the restaurant, the place was decently busy.  It is not a large dining area, but there were about 10 tables and almost all were full - I also noted there were 3 servers.  So, server to guest ratio was good.  I was greeted and told the server I was waiting for 2 more.  She then walked away.  Okay, my mistake, I should have specified that I needed a table for 3 and was waiting.  Since I was a server myself in college for 3 years, I understand how frustrating it is when patrons don't make themselves clear.  By the time the server came back around, one of my friends had also arrived and we were seated at a table.  We were handed menus and then left alone, without even asking if we'd like something to drink.  The server came back about 5 minutes later and took our drink orders.  We also ordered some edamame, since our other friend was running behind and we were hungry.Our drinks came out pretty quickly...and that was the last we ever saw of our server.  Our other friend showed up about 15 minutes after our drinks, and we still hadn't received our edamame.  We waited another 5-10 minutes (not sure how long, we were busy chatting) before we finally stopped a different server and asked if we could place our meal order, and if our other friend could order a drink.  We ordered our food - I ordered a spicy tuna roll and a Wisconsin roll (the menu states that it is unagi, cucumber, and spicy tuna to top it off).  I also mentioned that I am allergic to avocado, so could you please be sure to leave it off my roll.  The server was nice and told me no problem, and took our order away.I need to note that both my drink and my friend's drink were empty when she came to take this order.  I'm not very picky about service since, again, I did the job for 3 years and totally understand how you can get behind/swamped/forgetful.  Really, all you have to do to keep me happy is keep my drink from being empty (and I usually only need one refill).  That did not happen.  We had to ask for refills when we could grab a server.The sushi itself was pretty disappointing.  My spicy tuna roll was REALLY tiny.  Maybe I am used to my regular sushi haunt, and for this reason I am spoiled?  I'm not sure, but I paid $5.50 for a very small, bland roll.  The Wisconsin roll was misrepresented on the menu.  It did not come with spicy tuna on top; they had regular tuna atop the roll.  No big deal, as I enjoy both, but false advertisement is sad.  The roll itself was cut randomly - some pieces were fat, some were incredibly thin.  Weird.  The cucumber inside the roll took up 50% of the space, it was huge.  This roll was also bland and incredibly disappointing.  The roll was $10.95, which is normal for this time of roll, but the quality of the roll just wasn't up to par.  Both of my friends agreed with my assessment of the sushi - they had similar feelings about their own food.I also ordered a roll to go, and specified this to the server and I also wrote it on the menu.  I was taking it home to my boyfriend.  They brought it out on the plate with our food.  So, I had to remind them it was to go and that I needed a box.After all of this, we had to grab our server after sitting with empty plates for 15 minutes or so to get our checks.  We asked for separate checks, which they did just fine.  Also, we never DID get our edamame.This is the first time in YEARS that I have tipped under 20%.  I felt terrible leaving 15%, but I just did not enjoy the experience.  If you are looking for good sushi on the west side, stick with Tomo or Nakama.  On the east side, I go with Stingray.  If anyone has a good suggestion for places in the middle, I'm all ears, because Koi is NOT it.
4	I really like Koi, they have great sushi! We sit at the bar which always seems to get us some kind of sample. Service is always great and the chefs are awesome. They look like there having fun back there making us Americans their wonderful sushi. Is very casual, hole in the wall kind of place, which we Love supporting!
4	The sushi here is fresh and tasty. Service with a smile and happy people behind the bar. The only reason it gets four stars and not five is atmosphere. But if you're going to Koi for some good sushi, you won't be disappointed!
3	So Koi seems out of place in Arrowhead Fountains. I mean the center it's in definitely needs a sushi place and I am glad Koi is there, but Koi seems more strip mall-y/dive-y than anything.They have a lot of rolls to choose from (at least 50, one named for each state).We ordered the dumplings and two rolls.I am pretty sure one of the rolls was wrong, but we really liked it so we didn't say anything.The food was good, inexpensive.The service was just ok.It's definitely a place I would come back to after a movie, but not a place I would go out of the way to eat at.
1	This place is now under new management as of July 1st. It is no where near as good as it was. Also, they got rid of happy hour completely on the weekends. Very sad with our experience.
2	So this is not a KOI any more its Sumo Sushi. Food and Rolls: Decent, nothing to make my mouth water. We had the Vegas Roll, Salmon Roll, Yellow Tail. Specials: Koi used to have rockin specials...Sumo? None.My husband also said the iced tea tastes funny.If this happens to be your local Sushi house awesome, its not over priced its about market price for rolls. However, Yen sushi is closer and a lot sexier in my opinion food and atmosphere wise. I will be sticking with them from now on and not making the trek out here.
3	No longer called Koi, has changed name to Sumo (and their weekend happy hour is no more.)My wife and I sought out Koi because we remembered it being very good and the specials were also great.Well, the specials are gone, but the food is still good. The reason Koi gets three stars today though is due to the horrible smells inside the building, like someone had started a fire in a deep fryer. It also doesn't help that the venue itself is downright tiny.The high prices aren't helping it too much either, and I don't appreciate the lack of clear information updates on any of their internet listings (Still labeled as Koi everywhere I can tell.)So, really, Sumo Sushi isn't bad. The service is good, but with a big city like Phoenix where competition is stiff and good sushi is all over the place, there really isn't anything about it setting it apart or driving me to return anytime soon.
1	Came here because my favorite sushi place is the Koi on 43rd and Olive. My sushi roll still had the PLASTIC wrapped around the fish!!! When I took the plastic out of my mouth and showed the waitress she took my roll back without even asking if I wanted something different. She didn't order me a new roll nor did she offer to comp us for it. I sat there watching my boyfriend eat for 15 minutes with the waitress avoiding us. Eventually, the sushi chef went out for a smoke, the waitress went to the bathroom and we were left alone in the restaurant. Needless to say, we walked out. I didn't even get to eat! And you expect me to pay for that? Never again. I will stick to the one in Glendale.
4	This is listed under YELP with a few different names.  I'm not quite sure if this has closed and reopened a few times, or WHAT is going on.  I visited this place on 1-4-14 and the name is Sumo Sushi & Grill.For "across from the movies" sushi, it's not bad.  The girl serving me was freaking super hot  - but then again I just got done watching a bunch of T&A in Wolf of Wall Street so I was super horny and could have banged anything at this point.I stuck to a few standards - miso soup, spicy tuna role, squid and one of their specialty roles called the NEW YORKER.  All were quite good and tasty.  The spicy tuna was really spicy and fresh.  Everything was clean and fresh.This is definitely worth the trip.  This sushi place is right out front and across from the movie theater.  There is yet another sigh up that says "SUSHI COMING SOON" so I wasn't sure if another sushi place was going in, or this was it.
3	Went in tonight and had some seaweed salad, calamari, a Texas and Oregon roll. Everything was really good and the waitress/hostess had them make the seaweed salad the way I asked, which was pretty cool. Worth checking out if you want some sushi and are in the area.
5	Great sushi chefs! Owners are great! Beautiful place with chill patio. Highly recommended.
5	We come here weekly. This place is legit all the way around. Awesome service, 50+ sushi rolls and probably the best happy hour around. Awesome patio for outside, great atmosphere.
5	All time favorite sushi place! I get the Vegas roll every time! They also have a awesome baked lobster roll! Sushi comes out at a reasonable time, not too fast not too slow. Service is always perfect! Chefs are always very kind as well! I do not have one negative thing to say about this place. Thank you! We will always come back!
5	Was very surprised by this place! My mom and I love stopping for a quick sushi bite and stumbled across this place. We had the mixed tempura, edamame and spicy tuna roll. We were very impressed by all the food. Everything was great, we even decided it was one of our new favorites and happy we stopped in!
5	We went for Friday happy hour, which was a good selection and full size rolls.  The prices seem reasonable for a quality sushi place (we have paid more for worse food), and they have a large selection of specialty rolls. Everything we tried was very good, and fresh. You have to try the item at the end of the menu.  I think it was called the "Happy?".  It was the most expensive roll on the menu (at $15), but the combination of flavors was incredible.  It seems like a lot of sushi places like you to order all your rolls at the same time  However we like to do sushi one roll at a time, and take our time, and they were very accommodating.  The liquor choices where not at a bar level, but what they list all seem to be call brands (vs. bar brands).  My only real "complaint" is they do not have a wine selection.  They basically have a house red (a cab) and a house white (chardonnay).  My only real "complaint" is that it would be nice to have a nice bottle of wine to pair with the food.
4	We liked the sushi. It was creative, fresh and ice cold. My only downside is that it took the kitchen 35 min to serve our appetizer, another 15 min for our sashimi and another 10 for our rolls. Made us late for our movie.
