2	Pricey for what you get. I've tried:Veggie burger - not great and it's deep fried.Eggplant pasta dish - very bland.Spinach salad - pretty good but very oily.
4	My family and I go to the Claremont at least once a week. We love the friendly staff, it's close to home and the food is great. It's always busy. Even when we stop by late and without a reservation they're always happy to try and fit us in. Even when we had a larger party of 8. Very accommodating.My daughter loves their pizza and  salad. I'm a huge fan of their pasta with the sambuca sauce. Always guaranteed to get a good meal with a very friendly atmosphere.
5	It's just classy enough without being intimidating, the food is excellent and won't break the bank, and it always seems to be a little bit happening no matter when I go there.I have a soft spot for plush burgundy-coloured velour couches and yam fries. They specialise in some pretty unique martinis, and the brisket-topped poutine is out of this world.
3	The Claremont has a great location and a nice little terrace the decor inside is also well done but the food could use some work, especially for the price. Not suggesting that the restaurant is really expensive just wish that the food was decent for the cost. I have eaten here on two occasions and was not impressed either time. The first time I had what the waitress claimed was her favorite which was the Arugula & Duck salad and found it was ok but nothing special and the second time I went I had what the waitress claimed was the most popular item on the menu which was the mussels in a thai broth with french fries, the fries were fantastic but the mussels weren't great.I really want to love this place cause it has the possibility to be great, they just need a new chef that understands flavors better and with some minor adjustments it will be a great place
4	I had a great meal here with my grandmother, wife, and two young children.  The sangria was fantastic, and the moule frites delicious.  The service was very pleasant, but a bit slow.  The decor is tasteful enough to feel classy but not so much that I felt out of place bringing my children in for lunch.  It certainly isn't cheap, but neither would I call it outrageous.  For a respectable place to get a nice relaxed meal, I'd definitely recommend it.
2	Went to the Claremont for brunch today. The service was freindly, and we enjoyed our Eggs Benedict. However, this once energetic, thriving place is crying out for a decent paint job, a recovering of the banquette, and for health resons, PLEASE replace/clean the filters!! There are cobwebs and dust streamers hanging down! (the speaker near the garage door should be replaced, since it's missing)
4	Great service, good food, order came a little messed up but they fixed it right away and we had a nice lunch.  Club was good, the sweet potato fries were excellent and my wife's salad was very good!  Would def. recommend!
4	Great salad selection and quality, AND there was room for my stroller at lunch which made my day!
4	Not too expensive, great location. Nice decor.
4	The food was good here but can be better.  I got a nicoise salad with tuna.  I was so surprised to find pickled green beans in my salad.  That's pretty random and I didn't think it fit into the salad.Good thing about it is the location, just 2 blocks from where I usually stay when I visit Montreal.
3	Really enjoyed the mussels last time I was there.iI didn't want the fries so I was given salad. The hamburger is ok and my friend liked her fish and chips.
4	We were exhausted after a day of traveling and so grateful for friendly service and a nice tomato soup that came right out. My partner got the braised beef- was his favorite bite of the weekend. I got the salmon Nicoise which was perfectly executed without innovation. Nice interior.
5	I enjoyed the overall vibe of this place, the service, the homemade habanero hot-sauce (that I generously poured in my Caesar and mayonnaise), and my gigantic pile of mussels. I feel I will spend many an hour here wrestling down spicy drinks and mountains of shellfish...and rightfully so.
1	If I give a start it is just for the friendly staff working there. The food quality is pretty poor! The worst tasteless Poutine! I ever tried in Montreal! The thing they offer as a Pizza is called "Flammekueches" in other places and is much cheaper! The place itself is cool, but you pay too much for the food they offer!
