3	A note to the management of the Hawthorn Suites:1. a half wall and a love seat do not a "suite" make2. let's step into the 21st century: some wireless PLEASE3. women like conditioner and lotion. Why are hotels still using this "conditioning" shampoo crap?4. please get rid of those disgusting shiny bed covers that EVERYONE knows are disgusting carriers of bacteria and look like they are from the 80s. Most half decent hotels have upgraded to down comforters. They are warmer, more washable, and generally less gross.5. Please don't send housekeeping around knocking on doors at 8 and 8:30. First of all 2x is unnecessary. Second of all, some people are jet lagged. Thank you.6. a curved shower curtain bar does not make it a bigger shower. I don't tend to spend a lot of time with my upper half leaning away from the water.Thank you, Hawthorn Suites, for the following:1. awesome breakfast (omelet bar?!)2. plug in for my ipod in the clock radio3. being so kind as to hold my FedEx boxes for me.For my money the Hampton Inn is a better hotel. With some upgrades, this one could be a winner.
3	Visiting Champaign for a basketball game last weekend, so we bunked down at the Hawthorn Suites.  Not bad.  It was pretty cheap.  The rooms were updated and clean - comfy bed, down comforter.Parking kind of sucked.  There is a lot behind the hotel and across the street.  Not a big deal, but I'm lazy.  There's a lovely TGI Fridays right next door, so that was convenient.  Not a bad time down in Champagna.
3	Hawthorn "Suites" is a decent, yet modest hotel (Jessica B. is right, "suites" is a bit overstated). It's an indoor version of your average best western motel. The "suite" was a little bit larger than a typical hotel room, with a couch and desk area. I have no real complaints about Hawthorn, except maybe that our room overlooked the fans (heating?) so it constantly sounded like there was crazy wind outside. The breakfast was maybe a little better than average continental, because there's a friendly guy making omlets to order.
3	I had a decent experience overall.  I stayed for four nights while attending a conference at the University of Illinois, and the price was reasonable -- not a fantastic deal or anything, but a fair value.I'll start with the good stuff.  First of all, their free breakfast is the best I've ever seen at this kind of hotel; they have the standard cereals and pastries and stuff, but they also make custom omelets and hot dishes like home fries, bacon, and sausage, and the coffee is totally decent.  They have a free shuttle to and from the airport, and if you ask nicely, they can sometimes be convinced to shuttle you to other places, like your conference venue.  The rooms are pretty spacious, and they have soaps and shampoos and stuff from Bath and Body Works, which is a step up from the usual.  Oh, and I saw another reviewer complain that there was no wireless in the rooms, but there is now -- I had no trouble connecting.Now for the not so good.  The walls are apparently paper thin, as I could clearly listen to my neighbors' televisions, discussions, phone calls, and erotic encounters.  The bathroom is incredibly tiny.  And what the hell is up with the water pressure?  I get that they're trying to be green and conserve and all that, but it is not possible to thoroughly wash and rinse one's hair with what amounts to a fine mist spraying lightly from the shower head. Oh, and one other thing.  This place managed to screw up my reservations TWICE, despite the fact that I was travelling for a conference that had a whole block of rooms reserved, presumably for the correct dates.  I called to confirm a few days before my trip, and they had my dates all wrong.  I had them fix it, but I was suspicious, so I called to confirm AGAIN the day before I left, and guess what?  Wrong again.  Seriously.  I'd probably give the place four stars, honestly, if it weren't for the difficulty making reservations.
3	Ugh. I had to stay here because someone didn't book me a room at Ihotel and they were sold out as was Hilton Garden Inn. I went with this place for location. Hawthorn Suites is a total has-been on the Champaign hotel scene. 5+ years ago, when I was a student, this is where we had our interviews. Yes, interviews in a hotel room! The interior is still tired looking. The toiletries were surprisingly Bath and Body Works. I did not hear any hotel guests, perhaps because it was nowhere near capacity, despite being near the elevator bank. Also, I hate how their parking lot is across the street, but what can you do? If you do end up here, make sure you pay Jarling's a visit!
3	This place was ok for Champagne-Urbana. Stayed here for my cousins wedding. Rooms were spacious and the kitchenette was a plus as a serious lack of decent places to eat was evident. I don't plan on staying here again, but, then again, I don't plan on heading down to UC any time soon.
5	As I read some of the reviews, I recall the place BEFORE the renovation, and yeah I could see how it might not be anything special. Now, I think it's probably the best hotel in Champaign. Everyone there is super friendly and I think it's gotten a lot nicer!
2	Over the years I have stayed here several times on family trips, or for business, or conferences.  There was a time that this place was showcase, remember back when the big competition was the Ramada on the north side of the street?While the conference center is just fine, I would suggest moving along on the hotel.  There has been a boom the last few years in mid-range hotels in town, and this facility is now completely dated.  The pros are a better than average location, a better than average free breakfast, and an indoor pool if you have kids along.The rooms are dated, and the layout pushes the definition of suite.  The bathroom was tiny and the dressing/grooming mirror was out in the main room.  Climate control was all through a window unit that does both heating and a/c -- no instructions and nothing but a cryptic touchpad to use, plus in-room noise from the unit.  There seemed to be a lot of exterior noise as well.This is not a *terrible* option, but with so many newer 2.5 star options that are price competitive in town, it is worth taking a look at other locations that will give you more comfort.
4	I stayed here with four friends when we came into town recently for a football game.  The rates were pretty decent - it wasn't homecoming or any special weekend - $135 a night got us a room (suite?) with two double beds, and a couch.  Slept 5 comfortably.  There was plenty of space for us to spread out, but the bathroom was pretty small.  When you upen the bathroom door, the door swings like 1 cm past the toilet, it is that cramped.  Nice shower though - when the first one of us took her shower, we heard her go "oh my god!" and were immediately wondering what she was up to - she alerted us that the showerhead was moving!  Sure enough, it rotates.  I'm not sure if that adds much to the experience but it was sort of a funny twist.  We had a TV that faced one of the beds, a mini fridge, and a microwave.  I couldn't hear any noise from other rooms or the hallway.  Free wi-fi that was pretty fast, and no password was required.  Lobby was clean and attractive.  Didn't try the pool, fitness room, breakfast, or any other amenities.Great place if you're here for a game, as it's an easy walk.  We even walked home from Green Street bars one night, and it only took maybe 20 minutes.  Just a little over a mile, I think.  Very doable if you're in decent shoes!  Hopefully next year when the tradition continues, we can get a room here again!
4	I was worried when I read some of the old reviews. We were a part of a Road Scholars event so we had no choice of hotel. But I have some good news for others who have read the old reviews  -  the place has had a gut rehab. Think new carpet, wall paper, drapes and furniture.  Bad news is they still don't do very well with hot water. In the sink and shower the water does eventually get warm  - not hot, but warm enough for me. The bathroom is still small and there is limited counter top space.But a wonderful new thing to brag about. The vanity (you know the counter with a sink in front of a big mirror) is at a wonderful new height - so when I shave I don't have to bend in half to get down to the water. It might not be good if you have little kids but it is great for adults. I have never noticed this in any other hotel. The most outstanding feature of this hotel is the complementary breakfast - I don't say free because it is included in the price of the room. This class of hotels that have free internet and included breakfast is where we always choose to stay. We have stayed in many different brands and this hotel had the greatest selection I have ever seen - including the made-to-order omlets mentioned by others. Our group had our own breakout room so we could take our food there. But, as others have said, space is limited. Seating is very limited given the size of the hotel. There was a lot of staff at breakfast and they kept everything well stocked. And they were very friendly.I definitely would choose to stay here.Finally, the WiFi is slow but constant. I never got dropped. I could always sign on. But slow.
4	Make sure to have the free Amazing breakfast! There is an omelet chef making you the omelet your way! FREE! i took back a star because i think the room is a little bit dated, they need to freshen up on their decor
