5	Wow. This is the most amazing bar/restaurant/drag queen joint I have ever seen in my life.Girly weekend in Vegas, and my pal and I decided to ramble over and have a chinese dinner served up by large men with intense makeup. Made reservations for 9.30, called ahead for directions, and showed up on time. When we arrived, the place was empty but for one lone Irish drag queen crooning on the kareoke and a lonely family unhappily finishing their meal. Sigh. We stayed and ended up, the three of us, (liz, candice, and drag queen fantastic) singing our hearts out for an hour or so to the smooth hits of Bono and Steve Perry...I didn't stop believing all night. Got a lot of facts on post op transsexual life, and even saw some boobs! (and they weren't my own mind you) SO worth the stop if you are in vegas.
4	I wanted to be all about this place, but, it fell a bit short for me.  I've been to the Lucky Cheng's in New York, and I've been to Lips in NYC also. (Lips is the same theme Drag Waiters.)  The drag dining event can be really charming and fun.  But there's a huge difference between drag in NY and drag in LV.  It seems that here in Vegas it's not so much drag as it is transvestism and pre-ops with boobs.  I guess real boobs on a "drag queen" is a little too real for me.  God I sound like a wuss, but it really seemed more like a bordello than a fun jaunty trip to a drag show.The show was fun.  I don't remember her name, but this awesome queen with a huge Afro danced her way into my heart.  She looked like she jumped right out of an R. Crumb comic......bodacious to say the least.  She was dragtastic.As for the food.  It was okay.  Nothing to run back for, but prepared well.  So, yeah, a bit underwhelmed by the whole experience.  Now, word on the street is that Lucky Cheng's is moving to the Krave Lounge, which might give it a whole new feel.  When it moves, I'll go again and see if my mind is shifted a little, but until then, i kinda  feel like drag is dead.
4	My girlfriends know that for my birthday I always want to do something different than dinner and a nightclub like a lot of my other friends dinners. So, this year we rounded up like fifteen of us and headed down to the northern most end of the strip, and had the middle table of a drag show with dinner. We had so much fun. I'm not much for campy, but this was great. Was the food good here, no not really, but we had fantastic waitresses that were fab and entertaining and my boyfriend even did things that to this day he knows I have severe blackmail pictures from . it was a really great alternative to the same old thing we always do. The prix fix menu was simple, and maybe not the best, but I recommend for a good time
1	Dude. I've been to Lucky Cheng's in NYC several times, so when my friend decided that she wanted to see her first ever drag show (and we were in Vegas), I thought it was a great idea to bring her here!There was a 2-fer special, which we paid for in advance on their website (this is important information for later in the story). So, my friend and I as a last huzzah got all dressed up and arrived. And we wondered if we were in the right place.Granted it was a Wednesday night, but this is Vegas right? Party all the time? I guess not because there was barely anyone here. It was me and my friend, a scared looking couple, and a rowdy bunch of accountants. That's it. We came in and got some drinks (not cheap people) and waited for our meal. And waited. And waited. After literally 1 1/2 hours, we got our food. I am not sure what they were doing because it wasn't a packed house. Maybe they were making everything from scratch? Not so much because the food wasn't memorable.The show was rowdier than in NYC, and the "ladies" were very nice, but the service was haphazard at best. The kicker of the night, was when we were leaving. All of a sudden we hear a squeaky voice yelling "Excuse me! Excuse me!" and a teetering queen chasing us down the parking lot. Here we thought we forgot something, instead she's like "I think you made a mistake with the check - there's only $12 here." We were like, no we prepaid - that's your tip. And come to think of it, it was a generous one at that. So my experience at Lucky Cheng's Las Vegas was sub-par at best. I don't recommend this place - if you're looking for a show, there are better on the strip.
1	I got food poisoning here at the buffet.  it almost ruined my trip since we were only in Vegas a couple of days.  To mtop it off the drinks were over priced and the performance was crappy.  All they did was sing two words on stage and then walk around the audience looking for hand-outs.  I would never do it again, the drag shows in Chicago are way way better!!! This place lacked style!!!
5	They closed in February.  :(
4	Nice venue for small groups, was here for one of the girls night. Saw the prettiest go go gals. Both bartenders and customers are nice.Sad to say gals are much nicer than the ones in LA LA land. =| Had a few nice conversation with the gals. Too bad none were from LA. Drinks are strong and slightly cheaper than WEHO.Too bad they charge cover. Parking-- self parking is so damn far away and the valet is almost always full. But a "Jackson" would always get you a spot on the strip.
5	I loved Lucky Cheng's! Our waitress (from Ireland which was adorable) was great!! She just had a boob job and was very interested in us "testing them out"! LOL Everyone was super fun and the food was good too! I was MORE than entertained! I went to NYC and found a Lucky Cheng's there...I was hoping for the same awesomeness from Vegas - I didn't get it. Sorry NYC, you were lame compared to Vegas.
