5	A first impression of this modest, stand-alone, building just east of 16th street is likely to be misleading.  Dyna-Tronics is the "go to" place when your prized amplifier or flat screen t.v. head south.I found Dyna-Tronics when my four-months-out-of-warranty Sharp Aquos flat screen lost its sound.  Turns out that the Aquos, the top end of Sharp's LCD flat screens, is prone to this problem.  At the suggestion of Dyna-Tronics I called Sharp to see if they'd honor the repair, but, no, they were entirely unhelpful.  Fortunately for me, that wasn't the case with Dyna-Tronics, who fixed my t.v. for a relatively modest amount and in time for the super bowl to boot.  The staff here are informed and helpful and there is a decent selection of old electrons for the true audiophile.
1	Sorry to leave a bad review since these seem to be nice people, but my experience here wasn't good. I took in a high-end CD player that wasn't reading discs, and paid a $25 diagnostic fee. A couple days later the guy phones me and says the unit needs a new laser assembly, but he can't do it because he only has one of the two calibration discs required to do the job. He recommends I send it to the Sony facility in Laredo TX. I look at the reviews for the Sony facility and they're *horrid*. I decide to try one more thing, and contact an SACD "modder" I found through Audio Asylum. This guy says he can fix the unit, but he suggests I open it up and clean the pickup lenses before going through the trouble of shipping the unit to him. Long story short, the thing works like a champ now. I don't think I could trust DynaTronics to give me competent advice at this point, especially on audiophile gear. Sorry
5	I took my Onkyo TX4500MKII to be repaired and cleaned by the guys at this shop and I must say they did a stellar job.  $25 diagnosis fee is standard but applied to the balance of your repair.  I small price to pay to get your vintage equipment up and running!No hassles, quick turnaround.Perfect!
4	I would recommend Dyna-Tronics to a friend.  They are a little pricy but they are a small local business so I am okay with that.  They were able to repair an older Demon receiver  for me that was completely broken (electronic glitches).  I had two other people look at it who said it was just "fried" and might as well get a new one.  The fix cost about 20% the cost of a buying new.  I am happy to keep a classic on the road for many more years now.
1	If you are an audiophile, then stay away   FAR AWAY.!!!   I brought in a Luxman hybrid amp because of some parasitic noise that I thought was due to a dirty volume pot.  After they replaced 5 capacitors for about 175.00, ( WHY??)  I took it home and guess what , it made NO difference whatsoever.  So I brought it back.. Here is where the problems really began  Martin, ( you are a total DICK) was so rude I thought I was getting punked.    I hope to all that is holy you go out of business soon.    My amp is still not fixed.  I am out 175.00.  And I do not want to go back there to face this very very rude individual.  He was even rude to my wife, who by the way is the sweetest person I know. (I have to say that).  I am sorry our paths crossed at all!!   By the way, even if you are not an audiophile, but simply a decent human being I still advise you stay away...far away.
1	I retract my last positive review. I had a reciever repaired here.The equipment they installed failed 5 days after the product guarantee. They wouldl not even give me a break in the diagnostic fee of 20.00 to have it looked at again. They told me it would be about another 150.00 to fix it again.  I would stay far away from these guys.
3	This place reminds me so much of my Grandfather with all kinds of cool, old electronics that he would have loved to tinker with. I dropped off some non-functioning electronics as well as some old computer speakers I wasn't using, and they were gladly accepted to salvage the working components so I hopefully brought a smile to Mother Earth's face in my recycling endeavour.On top of that, some of the stuff they have for sale is a trip: old turntables and cassette players, even an old reel to reel machine.Cool stuff and a good place to recycle electronics.
1	I took a turntable in to.have them adjust the tonearm settings.  They told me it would take a week for an estimate.  A week later I was told it would be another week.  A week later they said they would take three more days. When I stated the constant delays were unacceptable he got extremely angry and told me in a rude tone to pick up my turntable since they had someone die. I started to explain that I was not aware of their situation, but before I could he hung up on me. It turned out that a tech had died and they were short handed.  I would have understood if they had explained and not been totally rude.  In fact I had a tragedy involving my son the same day.  I went in to talk to them to explain That I was not aware of their situation and was only concerned by the constant delays.  The manager said that I had been abusive and had used foul language with the tech which was a total lie.  He said based that on what the tech had told him. I will never use this company again. Their customer service is lacking.
5	Fantastic local service shop. Was given a cool old turntable but platter wasn't turning. Expected a $25 bench fee and repair bill. He opened it, moved the belt back into place which had slipped out (DUH!). This is the kind of electronics service centers that used to be throughout the country, a dying breed. Friendly, knowledgeable, and professional- highly recommended!!
1	My Hi-Fi Dynaco tube CD player right channel had no sound output. Went to Dyna-Tronics, paid $25 for a diagnostic/estimate. Later, was told it would be $150 to repair. I picked up the CDP and was informed that everything was fully functional but the volume output was really low. I had no idea what they were talking about until I got home.I called Dyna-tronics and told them that the CDP wasn't fixed.  Originally, 20% of power was used to listen to music. After Dyna-tronics, 90% power was needed just to hear any sound from the CDP. Dyna-tronics asked if both channels were working properly? Yes, I said. Shockingly, they said, "so, what's the problem? You identified that one channel was not working, is it working now? Then we fixed the problem. Also, we informed you that the output level was really low when you picked it up."I tried to reason with Dyna-tronics "expert" to no avail. I told them if there was a volume issue I would have informed them. Although they fixed the channel issue, now the volume output is a problem. I was told that they did all they could do and there is nothing else they could do for me, that they fixed the channel issue and the volume problem was like that when I brought it in.Trying to trouble shoot the problem myself, I replaced the old tubes with new ones but noticed that the old tubes weren't lighting up. The new tubes had the same light and volume issue.  I took the tubes out, using no tubes, the volume issue was the same!  No tube and low volume! WTH?My face-to-face encounter with an "expert" actually exacerbate the problem.  The "expert" used his informational advantage to make me feel stupid, rushed and ignoble.  I am no expert, but I know how to use my audio equipment and if there was a volume issue I would have mentioned it at the diagnostic stage.I would not recommend taking your valued audio equipment to Dyna-tronics. Their "mightier-than-thou" attitude is unwarranted.  If they can't stand by their work, listen to reason, have empathy for customer's feelings, and talk down to customers, then they should close their doors and make this world a better place. Hopefully, my bad experience will save music lovers from being belittled and save some money.
5	I've taken a lot of my dj gear to this place, and they always provide me with an accurate idea of the problem, as well as a fair price. They've always had a timely turnaround with my gear, unless a part was needing to be ordered (the part was discontinued for quite some time), and even then the gear was fixed in 2 weeks or less. I continue to return here simply because they've always charged reasonable rates and fixed my gear to full working order.
