5	she does great work, I have had sooo many compliments on my lashes.
5	Collette is awesome- I have had my lashes done by several people over many years and I have to say that she offers an excellent service at a very fair price. When my lashes "shed" there is never any pulling out of my natural lashes, and my natural lashes are not being damaged which is not the case with people I have gone to before and paid a LOT of money to! Excellent product + responsible business woman + fair price = happy client!
5	Collette did an awesome job on my lashes. I've seen so may eyelash extensions on people that just don't look natural. My lashes look long and natural and I've gotten many compliments on them. I highly recommend her.
5	Collette does an awesome job!  I'm new to Las Vegas and it's always a challenge to find new places when relocating,  I used Yelp to find Collette and couldn't be happier!  Call Collette ... You will not be disappointed.
5	I absolutely love coming here and will never go anywhere else. Collette knows her stuff.  It's crazy  how many complements I get about my lashes. I use to get panic attacks in the past and figured it just wasn't for me. Luckily I was referred to Collette where from day 1 never had that problem. She is positive and  I love love her energy along with her fabulous work.  You can't beat the prices either. I recommend to everyone!!!
5	Loved Collette the first time i went to her. She's my one and only eye lash artist. Had no experience with eyelash extensions before her but i've seen other peoples work and it's no comparison. I get complemented all the time on the work she's done. Spend less time getting ready in the morning and more time sleeping in, because i wake up with gorgeous lashes. i'm more confident walking out barefaced now a days thanks to her:) i highly recommend her. she's great!
5	I recently found Collette (on Yelp no less!) after searching high and low, and having some rather painful, damaging experiences after the loss of my lash girl; needless to say I was SUPER gun shy with attempting to trust one more person to do my extensions. But my faith has been restored and I am very happy with Collette. She does an amazing job and is very efficient with the time she spends with you. She has a great personality (which I have find speaks volumes when you are seeing this person almost more than you are seeing close friends and spending an hour or so of your time when you do). Collette use to have her own business in Lake Havasu before trading the life of lake and sun for the desert of Las Vegas. She tries very hard to be flexible with people, so if you schedule and need to reschedule or something, she's pretty flexible in trying to get you in at another time that is equally suited to both Lash Goddess and Clientess. I have inquired about doing colors with her and hopefully we will get to try those soon.Pros:FriendlyModerately pricedFlexibleProfessionalGreat PersonalityEfficient and timely (I haven't had to wait an extra amount of time when arriving for appointments, she books her time well)Cons:She is not at my beckon call if I can't make the original appointment I madeShe hasn't started charging No-Shows a fee for not showing up yet (this kinda bums me out cause I could have gotten in sooner recently if the person would have just let her know she couldn't  make it/something came up)I highly recommend Collette to anyone who compliments me on my eyelashes :-)
5	I found Collette through Groupon and after looking her up on yelp, I decided to try it. This was my first time getting extensions and lets just say that I wasn't the ideal customer. My eyes kept watering and I had to use the rest room half way through. Collette was extremely patient with me and extremely friendly throughout! My eyelashes turned out amazing and I would definitely recommend her :)
5	Collette is amazing at what she does!! My lashes are so light I can't even feel them and they look so natural! She was able to get me in relatively quick and she is very flexible! I just moved to Las Vegas and I've been commuting back and forth to AZ for my lashes so I am very happy to have found Collette! Give her a call for amazing natural looking lashes!!!
2	Collette is super nice but when it came to my lashes.. No matter how many times I went, I was never super happy.  I wanted them super long and thick.. I wanted them to look fake so I can stop wearing fake lashes.. But it just seemed like she didn't want to make them that way. Idk.. She's really nice tho!... And I didn't like having to keep going back every 2 weeks to pay including tip around $100 for the refill.
5	Collette is amazing!!! I have never had my lashes done before so I searched for a while for a good one and I found her!! Yes she is very busy but now I can understand why! My lashes now look amazing, long and full!!
5	Collette is absolutely AMAZING! I am complimented all the time on how beautiful my eyes are. I don't have to get up early to put my "eyes" on- they're gorgeous all day, everyday. The girls at work tell me I always look like I have make-up and all I wear is gloss. I don't spend time at night scrubbing off mascara either! I can't live without them and Collette is a perfectionist!! I have been going to her since June and never plan on leaving.
5	Collette is super talented and knowledgeable in her trade. Any style you want she can achieve and make it look natural. I get so many compliments on how amazing my lashes look but also in regards to the tracking of the lashing. You know its quality when your own Aesthetician says they look amazing and asks who does your work, when they provide the same service! On the professional side, she is quick, thorough, very detail oriented and I like to say perfectionist in her own right. She will give you all the attention you need and then some! Not too many business owners like her around! And did I mention her lashes and craftsmanship! Best in the business!
5	Awesome as ever!!! Love my Lashes!! Just went for my refill today and I have to say I just love the compliments I get
5	Best gift ever! I received this as a gift and I must say that I absolutely love my new lashes! Kudos to my bf for thinking of me :)  A friend of mine had her lashes done by Colette and I could not stop admiring them!  She came out of the water with no mascara smudge to worry about and that is when I knew it was something I'd definitely benefit from!  I don't wear much make up but not my eyes will look gorgeous all the time. Yay- 10 extra minutes to my day!The service: Colette explains everything that she is doing and she is always available for questions on care afterwards. She was very flexible with scheduling and does her best to work with your schedule which is nice. She is very precise and she evaluates each individual lash one by one.  I was always worried about one side being fuller than the other but they are equally gorgeous.For people who don't want to spend all day worrying if their mascara ran or even if you just want to see beautiful natural lashes in the mirror when you get out of bed, this is s must! They will tell you, "Good Morning Beautiful!' everyday as they wave at you.You deserve to do something nice for yourself- 'Tis the season!
