4	Japanese and Thai dishes are the stables of the Opal Lounge's menu, and they do them rather well. Wonderful range to choose from and everything we had was very well presented and very tasty. They do a chocolate honeycomb pudding that's too tempting - get one to share. The restaurant/bar is bigger than you'd think, as you'll find out when you go looking for the loo!
3	We rocked up here on Friday night at 10:30pm and asked the bouncer if we were too late for dinner service, he politely told us that we were 2 years too late as they no longer do food. Great shame as I remember some delicious bento boxes in this place, but he kindly recommended us a place around the corner to go for dinner (Rick's - see review). Looked much more like a normal club/bar judging by the people going in.
2	I know that others here seem to like the Opal Lounge, and I'm first to admit that I haven't actually been to any of their student nights so can only go by my brief jaunt in here of a weekend. On my visit, it seemed to me that the clientele don't understand that spending lots of money does not equal class, nor does talking loudly about how much your shitty handbag cost. No-one cares.From listening to some of the deluded punters talking loudly about their tawdry sex lives and spending habits, I got the impression they all thought they were in Knigtsbridge or Manhattan.Sorry to break it to you folks, but you're not.
3	Depending on which night you spend in Opel, the experience can differ.Student nights (throughout the week) are usually OK. I mean, as a student, you ideally want to have a night out with other students and, for this, Opel Lounge will do.Weekends are a different matter. Here you'll find a mixture of pompous business men, the local bruisers, Barbie dolls and a splash of sloshed students. This combination is a little hard to digest and usually results in a naff experience. Acceptable drinks and a plush atmosphere are typical of the George St club scene and Opel is no different.
1	I cant begin to describe how much i hate this place.Pretty much, its full of people who think money is everything bitching on about others and drinking cocktails that cost more than the extortionate entry fee. Grr.The student nights arent too bad if you catch it on a good week - but most of the time it's just hammered first years and on all the other nights its odd business men trying to get with the younger girls. Not good.The bar is self is a bit crap - its atmosphere is like walking in on your parents doing it, has no charm but attempts to cover these major flaws with tacky bling and various other furnishings.Avoid if you value your morals.
3	I'm with Alice and Jonathan on this one, I HATE this club. To be fair though, it's because of personal experiences so I've given it the benefit of the doubt, star-wise. This club and Lulu are the main haunts for the yah's and socialites of the city. It sometimes screams pretentious, but sometimes it's actually pretty normal! The main student nights are Thursday and Friday, so avoid them if you don't want to be asked for a cigarette and what daddy does.I came here on a Saturday with my mum (HI MUM!) and my brothers after my brothers 21st dinner. There were about 15 of us, so we got priority entry and a table in a sectioned off area. Hey, we were pretty special. My mum and I went to the bathroom and when we went to go back to our table, they wouldn't let us in!! They said once we had left we couldn't get back. There was nothing we could say or do, so we ended up going home. Leading on from this, the bouncers here are amongst the worst I've ever come across. Give them a little bit of power and they think they can dictate your life. PAH!ahem.So, overall it's not that bad. It can be a bitty yah, but it does play quite good music and it can be a good night. The smoking area is tiny (they are just steps Opal!) and the queue can be a nightmare. I've waited in excess of 1 hour here, in the freezing cold, only to be pushed inside to a crammed bar, crammed dancefloor and no toilet roll in any cubicle. No thanks.
3	Some people love this place, but I don't really get it.  The whole thing about George Street clubs (especially Opal Lounge) being full of ex-Etonians in their coat tails and top hats is just a fallacy and it generally attracts normal people looking for a good night.My problem with Opal is that the dancefloor just feels wrong! It's difficult to describe but it's almost got a garden shed sort of feel.  The floor is sticky as hell and there's always broken glass all over it.  Everyone just seems so dour and moody as soon as they get on the Opal dancefloor as well for some reason!Other than that the drinks are usually well priced and the staff are quick at zapping the queues.  I've never had an outstanding night here, but I know plenty who have.
3	It's been a while since I was in Opal Lounge. Last time was when I was through staying overnight with a friend.I'm three starring because it was quite some time ago and can't really judge the club now. It was sleek, flashy and full of girls with massive blonde hair and intimidating heels. Without prior warning from my friend, I turned up wearing a stupid gimmick t shirt, a pair of baggy jeans and DC trainers. Needless to say I felt uncomfortable as hell.I'm not the kind of girl who is into power dressing for the evening. I love dressing up but am equally as happy slouching about in jeans (although I am admittedly a bit girly now, and will slump about in a dress more often than not). But you get the drift - I'm not out to take someone's eye out in killer heels. Loads of pretty ladies in here and sure gents will enjoy that but it's a bit too high maintenance for me.We were there on a Saturday so it was busy, expensive and a bit too showy for me. I understand they do student nights which might be a bit more chilled out, but although it was nice for what it was I get the impression it's style over substance. Liked by many which is evident from how busy it can get, but not for me. Not relaxed enough.
3	Excuse my unladylike langauge but Opal Lounge can be a bit wanky - largely populated by pretentious attention seekers who are too busy trying to be seen than actually enjoying themselves. The attitude seems to have extended to the door staff who I have found to be moody and on a power-trip on various occasions. My friends and I are professionals and pretty clean-living other than a penchant for cocktails but if there are guys in your group who get even slightly rowdy after a few beware that there is a likelihood of them being manhandled out. We went there earlier this month for my friends birthday and after a quick chat with the doorman he let our all-female group through to the VIP area but then stopped my friend from getting through without any explanation whatsoever! It was bizarre and really put a dampener on the evening. My friend is a pretty, friendly, primary teacher and she wasn't drunk so it was really odd.The three stars I'm giving Opal are due to the fact that it is nicely decorated, spacious with three main areas and there's plenty of room to shake your shimmy. The toilets are also nice which is really important to me :)There are plenty of seats and booths, especially if you go quite early so it's great for having a catch up with your friends.It's Ace card is their scrumptious cocktails which are made quickly without compromising on taste or authenticity. I've been a fan of the Geisha Martini for years and the bar staff are normally really down to earth and pleased to make you up something special if you tell them a couple of things you like in a drink.
4	This is one of my regulars and overall a student favourite. Situated in 'trendy' George Street, Opal is typical of the clubs in this area. When the VMAs were hosted in Edinburgh's Ocean Terminal, the stars, including Beyonce, supposedly had the after party here. Drinks are reasonably priced, although entry can be expensive depending on which night you go - as with all clubs on George Street, it's worth getting on the guest list. The staff are generally really friendly, although the bouncers can get grouchy by the end of the night - though by 3am drunk people aren't usually the most pleasant customers. I've had some great nights here, all in all it's a great place to go with good company. Girls, watch out, for some reason, Opal tends to attract more than it's fair share of sleaze.
