1	I've visited Fontaine many times to look at fabric, but I won't be going back. My sister and I went to the store today, to look at upholstery samples, and the owner was very rude and patronizing. He told us we couldn't look at fabric because Fontaine was having its holiday open house. (There were very few people in the store, and no one in the fabric section.) After my sister mentioned that she'd driven across town, the owner relented and then flounced off. Um, hello? This is Madison, dude, not whatever city you wish you lived in. My sister and I are both re-upholstering a lot of furniture, and plan to spend several thousand dollars on fabric, easy. We'll be taking or business elsewhere, like to Zander's, on Monroe Street. They're, you know, nice.
5	I live a few blocks from Fontaine and love visiting their beautiful store for design inspiration! The store is full of high end statement pieces. The real reason for this review though, is that Barry did the florals for my wedding. He was very accommodating to our embarrassingly paltry budget and treated our wedding as a design challenge and not a charity case. He never made me feel like I wasn't 'fancy' enough for his store. The flowers came out beautifully and we actually ended up with more bouquets than we asked for! I also forgot to mention that Pat needed a boutenier, but Barry remembered and saved the day. If you want to see our flowers and other wedding pictures, they are here:http://runningblonde.com/tag/wedding-photos/Thanks Barry!
5	Walking into Fontaine, you're whisked away into a land of inspiring interiors and home decor ideas that make me want multiple homes, because the variety is vast and you can take things in multiple different directions. Metals and fiber and woods and woven, they really carry it all, with a stock that changes as quick as the seasons in Madison. Right now Halloween merchandise is 25% as they transition the floor to winter holidays and ornaments galore. Give yourself some time to take it all in and explore every corner. With items hung on walls and stashed on shelves that are floor level, you'll want to make sure you don't miss anything interesting, like the wood carved mushrooms I spotted almost on my way out.
5	Best interiors shop in Madison!  Barry and his ladies are the best at what they do.  Always stocked with quality items that are unlike anything else carried in town.  Fontaine is a must for anyone looking to be inspired, be it the holiday season, during a renovation or for the sake of sprucing up the apartment.
