2	When I first heard that Hwy 55 was opening their doors right up the road from the house, I was eager to try them out, hoping that there would now be a delicious burger joint close by. Although I left with the thought that I'd "probably" be back again, I was a little displeased overall.Going in, I will say I expected a retro Five Guys. Turns out this was more or less true, and has it simularities. The menu is pretty basic. Not much variety. Service could have been way better. Ordered a side of pickles for the burger, not a big deal I didn't get them. My buddy on the other hand, didn't get his fries with his meal and the waitress left the table without realizing anything was incorrect about the order. We all ordered the same thing too.After ordering waters, the waitress said said our soft drinks would only cost $.40 extra becuase of the type of food order. We ordered the soft drinks, then charged the full soft drink cost.Total bill came to $31 dollars for 3 people. Not quite the advertised menu prices if you ask me.The up-side. Burgers were tasty. Not worth ~$10 pp though. Advice- get take out. Be specific with your order and don't take their word for it until your fully paid up.
3	I live right around the corner from this place but waited a few months after opening for them to work the bugs out after I read the early reviews.  So I stopped in for lunch today (I work close by as well) for a burger.One person below called it a retro Five Guys.  I guess that's pretty close.  A very basic menu, but hey, it's a burger joint.  Stick with the basics and you'll be happy.  I was.  I had the John Boy & Billy BBQ Bacon Burger.  A mouthful of a name and a mouthful of goodness for a burger.  The perfect combination of a little bit greasy, a little bit sloppy, melt in your mouth goodness.  A good old fashioned drive in type burger.  If that is not what you want, do not go here.  Better fries at five Guys though.  One big plus: Freshly squeezed to order lemonade or orangeade.  That's right.  They cut the fresh fruit in half and sqeeze it in a hand juicer right in front of you.  Delish.I sat at the counter and service was immediate, burger out quickly fresh and hot, and the server checked to make sure I was satisfied twice.  Can't ask for more than that.  I'll most likely stop in often because of the location being so close to everything I do.
5	This retro burger joint is cool! They have pink tables and pink counters and retro scenes on the walls around the restaurant. The burgers are fresh, juicy, and classic. Just the way I like them. One of the best parts about HWY55 has to be their shakes. I had the oreo cheesecake milkshake... INCREDIBLE! They use custard as the base so it's thick and rich. Yum! Also, they make one type of a shake per day, instead of having a menu of options, they make a specific kind of custard (outside of chocolate and vanilla), I like this because then I don't have to make a decision about what flavor to get. Not only that but when I come again chances are I'll get a different flavor. Great place. Good food. Great people too!
4	Was with a burger loving girlfriend, and asked her where would be a good burger place in her area to go to. She had heard about this place, and how one opened recently nearby. It took us a while to find it, probably since we were searching for "Highway 55" instead of "Hwy 55", but we made it! Located in a large shopping complex.Very open and clean with a retro touch. We sat in a pink booth and I was salivating at the options. Their slogan of using fresh burgers, never frozen, reminded me of In n Out. I went for Andy's Bacon Cheeseburger and you can add a side (fries, gravy fries, chili cheese fries, onion rings, or a side salad) plus drink for just a few dollars more. I went with the chili cheese fries and soda, although I regret not trying a shake. You also have condiments to add on for free to your burger (i.e. chili, mayo, veggies, etc). Our food was served quickly, and one bite into that burger, and I was like WOW. It was super tasty, and I am craving one now as I think about it. The only con is the bun is soggy, would definitley help if they toasted it. Lots of flavor in this mouthful! The chili cheese fries were delicious as well, love how they use nacho cheese, and they were nice to give us a side of ranch. I was pretty hungry but even I couldn't finish all the fries. The big plus is the food is cheap! About $8 for the whole meal! I would definitley come back again!
4	Nice little retro place with authentic music playing - but not too loud.I got the double burger; my wife the single. Both were solid and they managed to give plenty of fries. I was worried about that since the basket is rather small. But they didn't skimp. We both got ice cream and it was plenty good. The service was great, and then tailed off as we went along. A number of people came in after us - so maybe I can let that slide.
1	Don't go in expecting decent service if manager/owner is not there. I usually call in an order everyday, today I go in with my 4yr and wait 5 minutes before getting  menu. Wait another 5 to sit and watch the waitresses debate about whose table it is. Needless to say I took my daughter and went to another restaurant. 2nd horrible experience so they will no longer have me or my co-workers patronage.
3	Had lunch here again today.  Double cheeseburger and fries.  YUM.  Just a basic, old fashioned style burger.  Freshly cooked and tasty.
2	LOVE the staff and atmosphere of the store. HATE the food. I don't mind paying $8.00 for a burger and fries, but when the burger is at most maybe a quarter pound of beef with a huge piece of dry lettuce on top and very hard fries, you I think you can get the picture. Its too bad because Im a 50s kind of guy and if it was good I would be here constantly, unfortunately that's not the case.
2	Overall was not impressed by the food or service.  There was one waitress working while another three were sitting at the bar when I came in, I sat and gave my drink order then had to change it since they only do Pepsi products.  The whole time I was in there I think I saw one of the other workers get up once to do something then sit right back down even when a couple more groups came in.  I ordered the original special with fries, the food came out pretty fast and you can tell right off the bat it's the same kind of fries you'll get from Harris Teeter next door.  The burger was what I went in for and it was decent but nothing to make me want to go back.  It was pretty much the same burger you would get at Cookout and a little better than Hardees.  For $10 including tip I want something a little better than this, I'll probably be sticking to other places for a burger and Davinci's for lunch/dinner in that strip.
4	Decent food, decent service.  Great for stopping in with my daughter for a quick bit.  She would give a 5 star review for the cool car they delivery the kids meals in.
1	I've eaten here a few times now.  If it weren't for my last experience I would have likely given it 3 or 4 stars.  Bottom line - the staff needs to get it together.  The food is pretty good, and to me, a bit better than what you would maybe expect from a fast food restaurant.  Where they fall short is their customer service and wait staff efficiency.  Our last visit couldn't have gone much worse.  We get there and there are a few tables of 5 or 6 guests but definitely not a packed house.  We sit down and hear the table next to us complaining to their waitress about incorrect orders.  We look over to another table and they tell us the service has never been so bad.  This should have been our cue to leave....but we stayed, unfortunately.  Our waitress was nice but didn't know their menu and would forget to bring us things we asked for (straw, spoon, water).  We ordered my son an ice cream with Reese's cups but it came out with Butterfinger.  Not a huge deal but we let them know to hopefully prevent them from doing it again.  I then ordered an ice cream for my wife an I with Reese's cups.  What do you think they put in the ice cream?  Butterfinger!  Again, not a huge deal but get it together people!  It was then time to checkout.  This should be easy, right?  First they charged me for a kids meal that was supposed to be free that day.  She didn't have the ability to override the order so she had to call her manager (I assume) who was also the cook.  He came over and took care of it.  I then had her go over everything on the order to make sure everything else was right.  Found another mistake with one of the items.  She didn't believe me until I had her pull out a menu and showed her.  I wouldn't recommend going to this restaurant until they can prove they have what it takes to run a restaurant.  Right now they don't.
4	Great place close to home for a decent burger that is way better than fast food.  The fries are excellent and if you dare order up a vanilla shake and dip your fries into it,  i swear you will be hooked.  I think that the prices are very reasonable and they have good specials. About my only complaint is that I think they should be open later. My one star ding is for the service which can definitely be improved upon.  The last time we were there it seemed to be mostly teenagers working and they really didn't seem to want to be there.
2	Service is slow.  The food is fine, and the prices are reasonable.  The rewards program is run by a bunch of hacks that don't consider you the customer, Highway 55 is the customer and the rewards program operator's "hands are tied."The wait staff checks cell phones frequently, is slow, and doesn't always get your order correct.  This location is less organized than other locations I have been to.I wrote too much about how awful Fivestars was and Yelp removed my review.  They also sent me a donotreply email.
4	50's style restaurant, burgers fries and shakes. Good service, fair prices and good tasting food.
4	I walked in to place an order to go at about 1:15pm.  It didn't seem over crowded, but two of the waitresses seemed very confused and kept bumping into each other.  The waitress that seemed to have her head on straight asked one of them to ring up my order, but she only put my stub on the register, causing a delay when I had my food and shakes.  The burger was delicious, though heavy on the mayo, and the chocolate shakes were good, using their custard ice cream, milk and chocolate syrup, so not powdery at all.  I'd go there again all in all.
