4	This is was, WAY out of the way for me. But when I heard about That's Amore, I just had to try it. What can I say, I love gelato! Anyway, one afternoon I talked the kids into a Sunday drive with cool gelato as the reward.While That's Amore gelateria is located in a strip mall (what in Arizona isn't?), the taste and style are pure Italian. Credit the fact that it is owned and operated by two sisters and their husbands who emigrated to Scottsdale from Italy. The murals of Italian cities on the back wall were even painted by their father, who they brought to the valley for just that purpose. How cool is that? It might not make the gelato taste better, but it almost made a ride to Pinnacle Peak feel like a trip to Napoli instead.
5	So when I read in the paper that the owners were real Italians, I rushed over to try the gelato. It's heaven!!! I've tried 7 flavors and they are all really good, especially the spicy chocolate and the mango. I combined 3 flavors in one cup the second time I went and it was like a miracle in my mouth; took me right back to my visit to Italy. The owners are so friendly and you feel like you're in a real neighborhood type place instead of a strip mall when you are inside trying to choose from the staggering amount of flavors. Unlike out-of-the-way favorites that people want to keep secret so that they don't get too crowded, I want everyone to come and enjoy the gelato here so that it has plenty of business and never closes down!
5	OH WOW!!! THIS IS THE REAL DEAL!I was able to speak to the owners in my broken Italian-- it was awesome.  Then he had a SPECIAL gelato made for me... you ready for this?  Pepperoni Gelato--- ha!  He did it as a funny and it was really cute.Anyhow, next time I am further up north, I am stopping by again! DE-LISH!
5	We drive from Shea and Via Linda passing 2 or 3 other places to get to That's Amore.  Most of the ingredients come straight from Italy and with the exchange rates and such in is not cheep but more then worth it. Love the coffee, hazelnut, and tartufu (sp) flavors.  This is a must stop for all of our out of town visitors and one of the first things they ask about when they get back.  It as close to the look and feel of the gelato places we enjoyed when we were in Italy.  A good place for a cup of espresso as well.
5	The Italians....not only do they have the best food, some of the best wines, the most beautiful country-side....but now its confirmed...the best dessert...GELATO!!....what can be next??I cant believe that this place has been here for 3 years....and its within walking distance to my own fort. These 2 italian women are definitely onto something here. This little shop has about 30 different flavors... so far I have tried the Tobblerone, Dolce Latte and Spagnola (eggnog!).....I will be back to try the 27 other flavors!
3	That's Amore opened a store on Hayden near Via de Ventura in McCormick Ranch, my neighborhood. I've been a patron since they opened.  The gelato is great, but I must say that the staff is strange.  If this location wants to survive they are going to need to pump it up a notch on the friednliness factor.  They give the feeling that you are interrupting whenever you visit.  Great product, servers that seem like they are distressed
5	I love walking into this place. Not only do they have an AMAZING dolce de leche gelato (my favorite) but the owners are hardcore Italians with a passion for their gelato. It's run and operated by two Italian brothers and their wives, and they always seem to appreciate my feeble attempts at conversing in Italian, haha! This is truly the hidden gem of all Arizona gelato, you can by far taste the difference from any other "authentic gelato posers." This is worth the splurge for an after dinner treat...or before dinner ;-) Along with dolce de leche, the chocolate coconut and the spicy chocolate are ones to test out as well. You feel like every bite you take here is fresh like it's been made that morning. The best part is even a small gives you enough to leave you satisfied. In order to be a true gelato connoisseur (as well as save a few calories) eat it slow...it's worth the time to savor at this place!
4	This was a welcome oasis of gelato in the middle of north Scottsdale.  It is nice to find a locally owned business putting out some quality product. I had the black cherry gelato but fell in love with the pistachio.  The flavors were inense and the texture was typically dense and gooey!  This is a destination if you love gelato (im getting tired of froyo!)!
5	I lived in Italy for awhile a few years back and have been searching for great gelato here! Thank god I finally found it! Not only is the gelato amazing but the owners are all so sweet and you can tell they put a lot of love into their work! Thankfully I don't live to far but too those who do... it's definitely worth the drive!! Nocciola was always my fav in Italy and still is here :)
4	Yeah I "found" a new wonderful Gelato place , Boo ,  it's quite a trek across town for me,Yeah  they have lovely flavors like Toberlone, Hazelnut, Peanut Butter and more,Boo , the prices are a bit more than I normally pay,Yeah , My kids love it ,Boo , now they are going to want to visit it again ,Yeah, Husband and I can sneak over on date night after eating at Herb Box,Boo, Date night won't be  for  a few weeks.Yeah , the gelato is so authentic the owners are Italian,Boo , I am frightened they will go out of business like Sweet Life!
5	Eccelente! I am constantly on the look out for Italian gente, and as soon as we walked into That's Amore, I knew I had found some. It was late and a little girl was in the window. She told me her favorites: nocciola, amaretto, e stratacella - a woman of traditional tastes. Her father was cleaning up, and clearly ready to close, but he graciously served us. We shared short Italian banter - his daughter is clearly the talker in the family, and she loves to entertain. Their selection of gelati is extensive. I have enough trouble choosing amongst 12 flavors, so this was just clearly going to be the biggest challenge of my night. I went with the little girl's faves - nocciola e amaretto. Delizioso. My date went for fruit - chocolate coconut and raspberry (lampone). Also excellent. The flavors are rich and the gelato creamy. Their store is fairly large and bright. Their display case is huge and its contents induce immediate salivation.Two brothers and their wives run two locations. They are local, traditional, and a very nice family. I will definitely make the drive out to see them again. I love good gelato.
5	This is fabulous gelato--the likes of which I've not had since working at Chelsea's when we served Arlecchino.  Authentic, tasty, yumminess.After dining out with my hubby and kiddo, I wanted some frozen yogurt.  Our server recommended gelato at That's Amore, which rung a bell because I remembered some guests that I waited on recently saying great things about it.  We were close by, so we stopped in.I had a medium caramel gelato, which was reaaaaallly tasty.  Since my kiddo just had a whole portion of mochi during dinner, I didn't get him his own.  He shared a couple of bites of mine and loved it.  Hubby passed on gelato and had an espresso.  It was a bit pricey, but definitely worth it for the quality.The shop is beautiful, warm, and nicely decorated.  I'm not sure how I missed that they were in that shopping center.  I've been there on several occasions and never noticed That's Amore.They have a punch card, too, so I'm on a mission to fill it up :o)
5	If you are having a craving for Gelato, then this is the place to go! I have been looking for a good place to get some Gelato for quite some time and now my quest is over. They have 30+ flavors of Gelato to choose from, like pistachio, hazelnut, rum and nuts, creme brulee, peanut butter, whiskey etc., and they even make certain flavors during certain seasons, like pumpkin and green apple for the Fall. You can also get a nice cup of coffee as well as some cannoli's and other baked goods. They even make Gelato cakes! This place is incredible!
5	Unbelievable gelato! The selection is second to none. Italian run, this venue is exceptional. That's Amore has single handedly turned me into a gelato lover.
5	What can you say - this stuff is great. Lots of flavors , creamy, quality. Worth every calorie consumed.
5	Just got back from this place after I saw it on Yelp earlier this evening.  The gelato is great and they also have a small assortment of italian pastries and cookies.  Paola the owner was great, offering tons of samples so we could try the flavors.  Great selection, great gelato, nice clean place, and good value for the dollar.  Highly recommended!  I will be back soon for sure!
5	So I've been in Scottsdale for over five years and I seriously can't believe that last night was the first I heard of That's Amore! We had just finished dinner next door at Thai Pan and as we were saying Arrivederci to our friends who were headed out of town, I looked up and saw the sign. I said, "what's that?" My husband said "That's Amore!" "What is it . . . let's check it out! Ooh, gelato!" I said. He said, "you go, I'll wait." I said, "let's just get a taste." Twenty dollars later we took home four flavors of the most creamy and delectable gelato we've ever tasted. The owner is the real Italian deal! He has a robust personality and was willing to let us try any (almost all) the flavors. He enthusiastically explained some of the flavors that were unfamiliar, offering up suggestions of what to pair with our chosen flavor, pushing little mini spoonfuls across the counter for our tasting pleasure. My husband and I are typically on opposite ends of the flavor spectrum. He goes for the fruity and cookie type flavors; I go for the bold chocolates and coffees. Honestly, we couldn't have gone wrong with any of them. What we took home: Black Cherry, Coffee, Malaga (similar to but better than what we know as rum raisin), and Biscotto. If my husband allowed me to choose a few more, I would have gone for the Toblerone (incredible dark chocolate), Amaretto, and Dolci di Latti. When I got home, I couldn't wait to put a little of each in one dish and devour it, and so I did. The Biscotto was the perfect selection to accompany any of the other three, so it will be a staple in our freezer. Simply put . . . "That's Amore" . . . "mi piace moltissimo!" (Now go Google that!)
4	I can't really compare this to any other as I rarely eat it.  It was good.    The caramel flavor tasted more like toffee though.
5	this past Sunday night we finally got to try this place out after passing it for several years during our runs on the bike path. it was late Sunday night so i thought they might be closed, but luckily they have incredible hours (open til 10!).i was a little disappointed with the selection as nothing really jumped out at me... that is, UNTIL my boyfriend asked for a few samples. everything we tried was delicious and i ended up going with the rum chocolate (i am so not a rum-flavored dessert person but it was probably one of the most tasty and original flavors i've ever tried). the Italian gentleman helping us was very helpful, friendly and welcoming. i look forward to making many more visits.
5	The best! Coffee and spicy combo.
5	Don't know what else to say but "Awesome Gelato"!  The ladies that own this place are true Italians and know what they are doing. Paola is great and friendly and you can try any flavor you want as many times as you like.  Very good spot to have close to home. Go there frequently the Gelato is delicious and a great variety of flavors.
5	Well, it ain't cheap here.  I paid $3.25 for two flavors in a small cup (bigger than the normal cup size, tho, you get at frozen food stands), but I have to say that this is THE BEST gelato I've ever had...and, frankly, you do get enough--and it is rich enough--to totally satisfy you with this one cup holding two flavors of your choice. Lots of choices and some of them are offbeat, so the place is a veritable wonderland of fattening icy treats.  Frankly, my thighs don't want to thank this place but my taste buds do.Go to this place.  It really is worth it.
5	5 stars says it all.
5	Best gelato I've ever had, including in Italy
5	Smooth rich tasting gelato.  The flavors are more creamy-based rather than fruit based, and they have a few unusual flavors such as pine nut.  They also have a selection of chocolates, cannolis, and various Italian cookies to choose from.
4	Very yummy gelato.  I try to avoid it as much as possible, because my hips don't need to get any wider.I had Malaga and Creme Brulee. The Malaga flavor, similar to rum raisin was my favorite.  The hubby had chocolate rum. Very yummy, too.
5	You speak Italian to me and provide mouth watering, soul lifting coconut gelato with micro-chips of chocolate in them?!  I only wish you weren't 30 miles away...but I would walk in 116 degree heat to get there - for real!
5	Gellato is always very enjoyable.. I recently had the whisky cream.  It was delicious.  My favorite item to get here are the canolis.  The owners are from an area around Milan so the items are authentic Italian.  Geary place.  Enjoy!!!
5	Great gelato, great selection and great people.  What a special place. NOT TO BE MISSED!!!
5	Without a doubt this is the BEST Gelato I have ever had.
5	This is the best gelato outside of Italy! Well, maybe inside too since the owners are transplants. There are so many flavors here it is unbelievable! Service and gelato are always great. You get what you pay for....worth every cent!!
5	Sooo delicious! Finally tried this place a few weeks ago after driving by it so many times. I'm glad I found such a neat place only a few miles from my house.I've had gelato at many places in Italy and Germany while living abroad, and this place stands up to the best of them. Quality gelato, friendly service, reasonable prices. Best of all, it's run by an Italian family! Can't get more authentic than that.A small size costs $3.25 but you can get more than one flavor. Compared with how much I usually spend on mediocre frozen yogurt, it's a steal. My favorite flavors so far: hazelnut, coffee, and cappuccino. Next up, pumpkin!
5	The very italian owner is so nice and apparently uses a family  recipe.  It's incredible! you get three flavors with a medium.  FYI, the Whisky cream is amazing.  I also had peanut butter and a chocolate chip.  All were very good! My wife had biscotti, cappucino, and dulche latte.  All were delicious.  We are only in phoenix for 5 days, but we plan to go again while we are here!
5	Ok, I have not been very good at staying away from this place.  In the past month I have been there at least 3 times.  That is a lot for someone who is trying to avoid sweets.  Yes, yes, I am in denial.  I had pistachio when my mom came to visit.  My daddy used to love pistachio and as a child we always shared a cup.  It was really great, my mom had the Dolce Latte, that was to die for.  The sugar rush was awesome.  My twins had strawberry, of course, my little boy ends up eating half of his sister's cup.  He is an ice cream/gelato junkie.  Today, I stopped by again and had to have the Dolce Latte, YUM!
5	OMG!  And 20 other explicatives!   Simple. If you're looking for a gelatoria and especially if you're a gelato lover look no further.   This may be the best gelato I've EVER had!  No kidding and that's quite a statement considering I've had gelato from all over including Rome, Florence, and Venice Italy.  While there are a few other places out there that do contend, I've encountered none which I could say are better.  "But what about the extremely popular Arizona chain 'The Gelato Spot'?" you might ask; That's Amore blows it away - not even a contest.   The recent Mayweather Cotto fight was closer!That's Amore is family owned and operated.  I chatted with one of the owners Paola who talked about her family's passion for gelato.  Growing up in Milan, Italy where they learned the trade they make no sacrifice on quality.   They make their own base locally from fresh natural ingredients and source the rest from only the best suppliers (mostly in Italy).  This may increase the price but the result is undeniable.  Every flavor I tried had perfect texture and a rich deep lasting flavor.  Simply phenomenal!!!Flavors I tried (they have like 30-40 !!!! ):Vanilla - bold creamy vanilla flavor; truly excellentBlack Cherry - one of my favorites; considering they ran out, must be others too!Coconut - *very* solid but less exciting to me; Paola said this was her favoriteSpicy Chocolate - surprisingly spicy ...and surprisingly addictive!Strawberry - full bodied flavor and a great complement to the spicy chocolate!Pistachio - a test of any decent gelato place; passed with flying colors of green, white, and red!So funny that I literally just stumbled across this place after finding out another favorite gelato place "Gelato Maker" had closed.  Little did I know or certainly expect that turn of events would lead me to finding perhaps the best gelato place I've ever been to!   Try That's Amore for yourself and I'm sure you'll at least agree this place is fantastic if not the best you've had as well.
5	By far the best gelato this side of Italy.  Actually their flavors are imported from Italy.  My kids don't want to get ice cream any more.  If I am on the other side of town I would even make the drive.
5	It's all in the name.  A few of my work colleagues and I had some gelato and a Parma here and it was AMAZING.  The overall feel of the establishment is accomodating and family kitchen style.  You can taste everything, customer service was great and speedy and overall best gelato I've had in quite some time.  The flavors are tongue acrobatics and sensory soothing.  Loved it and I'll be back for sure!
5	OMG!!! This place has the BEST Gelato in town. If you haven't been here to try their MANY UNBELIEVABLE FLAVORS then you MUST make the trip!!! I honestly do not think they have one bad flavor... ALL are incredible! It's seriously worth every one of the five stars!!!!! I'm addicted!!!!
5	The best place to add more cellulite to your ass...and just not give a crap!By the way. THE best gelato I've ever had...and I've spent time in Italy.
5	Their selection of flavors will leave you astounded. Not only is it vast, but the good gelato folks have prepared some enjoyable mixes for the Ammurican customer. Do try their whiskey cream if they have it out. The gelato may be the best I've had outside of Italy and their cappuccino was done quite nicely.
5	So many flavor choices. Took the family tonight and we all agreed that it was the best we've ever had.  I had the toffee, which was good but I liked my daughter's cappuccino better. My son was crazy about his lemoncello and my husband had the whiskey cream, which he loved.   We were served by one of the owners and enjoyed looking at their pastries and various writeups on the walls about the owners, their gelato and their story.
5	The best.  My 2 young girls can't stay away and it is often something special that we do when we have a friend over or have just had a really bad day and need gelato to tun it around. My girls also collect the cute flutted plastic cups that they serve the gelato in. Great place, (atmosphere is simple)  but product if superior. Very friendly staff too.
4	A sweet little Italian place that shouldn't have been difficult to find but turned out to be an adventure.  If you're on your smart phone, don't auto click for directions.  Copy and input the address to your map app. to find this place.  Trust me, you don't want to be doing a tour of the timeshare homes of Arizona.   Lots of varieties of creamy gelatos; perfect for an after meal dessert.  The fruit gelatos were sweet and refreshing - they certainly have a wide range of fruity flavors for you to choose from.  The chocolates and dessert based gelatos are heavier on the tongue and would go lovely with a smokey cup of espresso, which they serve right in the shop.  Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area.
5	When the Gelato is actually made and served by a real Italian, it just tastes better.  This stuff is the real deal. I would say that when I go there I feel that I'm transported to Venice and that I'm eating the Gelato in the home country, but that would be an exaggeration.  It's still darn good even though I'm stuck in Scottsdale.  Ciao.
5	Amazing!  It is 46 degrees outside tonight and my hubby and I had to try this place out.  Gelato was so creamy and flavorful.  We had a combo of coffee and whisky cream and I am in love.  Great service and for a night that is cold as it is tonight, almost every chair was taken.  I will return!
5	Amazing! Try the pistachio, it's our favorite
4	It's the perfect time of year to rediscover this great place.  I just went to Rome for the first time and fell in love with gelato all over again, and it reminded me that I have a wonderful little gelato venue that I can visit right here in Scottsdale.  So within the first two weeks back, I did!  The service is always lovely, the selection is vast, and the gelato is delicious.  If they would just add Chestnut to their menu, my new favorite, it would be a five star in my book for sure.  Please visit them - they are worth the calories and I want them to stick around for a long while.
5	Best Gelato around period. Go you will not be disappointed!
5	I don't love gelato (or ice cream).  On the rare occasion I buy one of the two in the store, I buy one with stuff in it (and by stuff I mean cookie dough, candy pieces, etc...) and dig all the stuff out, leaving the base - much to the dismay of my husband.  Somehow we decided at work that we were going to seek out the best gelato in the area, ok it might have been my idea but still.....I look to Yelp and find a few places to try including the very highly rated That's Amore.  The first place we tried was a let down, I'll get around to that review one day.  Next up, That's Amore.This is the real deal.  I've never had gelato so delicious.  I got coconut and toffee in a medium dish, and tried a friends Toblerone - out of this world.  All were super creamy and packed with flavor, coconut tasting like real coconut and not industrial grade artificial coconut flavored something, buttery and nutty toffee and a downright decadent Toblerone.  You can get three flavors in the medium so just ask, it's all the same price - no up charge for the combo. With so many choices, you'll want to try a few at a time.  Everyone in our group raved about their selection.  I thought it was reasonable for the quality, a few weeks ago I spent $13 on a pint from the grocery store and it didn't hold a candle to this place.I'm going back today.
5	Ive been here twice and THIS IS THE BEST GELATO I've ever tried. I recommend to split your cup with two flavors so you can try more than one. This time I had the rum with nuts and the hot chili chocolate. If you are sad you will feel happy afterwards. If you are old you will feel young. If you are poor you will feel rich. It is just that GREAT! I don't have words to tell you how amazing it was but I felt like I needed a cigarette afterwards and I don't smoke. BTW the pistachio is just as good too!Just amazing, it's just the best! This is a MUST TRY. GO HERE!They also make some Italian Sandwiches ,  these teeny weeny delicate tiny fruit tarts that look like they belong in a doll house , Other assorted pastries and they carry some Italian Candies.
5	Went with suggestion to get whiskey cream and coffee. Delicious!!
5	This place is fantastic! True Italian gelato from true Italian owners. I love this place.
5	Amazing gelato! Had the coconut and banana. Visited twice in five days while in town on vacation, would have been more had they been open on the 4th of July. We were there at 9 am before we left town. Gelato for breakfast...why not!!
5	BEST gelato around! Went to The Gelato Spot today and it was gross compared to this place. Definitely worth the small drive to get quality, smooth, authentic italian gelato! I absolutely LOVE the Tiramisu gelato here!! Limoncello is delicious, vanilla, banana, peanut butter... EVERYTHING!
5	Awesome Gelato, many flavors to choose from. Very clean
4	Nice variety of gelato...as in over thirty...That's Amore also sells paninis and espresso based drinks, along with a variety of pastries, chocolates and other sweets. Altogether, the quality is very high and the service is always warm and friendly. A little pricey though....
5	After much looking for authentic Italian Gelato in Arizona I must say That's Amore Gelato nailed it!!! I have just gotten back from Bologna Italy and actually took a course in making Gelato and craving some good gelato away from Italy is a tough order to fill. I had the chocolate and the whiskey creme. IT was a little cold but the flavor was perfect. the texture was creamy and the presentation was beautiful.Beyond all that..... I have to say the people working there made it fun to be there. they are as passionate about their gelato as I was about eating it! I will be back and bringing friends! (GREAT FIND)
5	So Yummy! The place is cute and the owners are from Italy. They have many flavors to choose from. They also have gelato cakes you can order and other desserts such as cannolis. I Have only had there Gelato but a customer leaving with a Gelato cake said that the Gelato Cakes are really good so I will have to try one. I ordered a medium size with three different flavors. The pistachio, creme brulee, and raspberry. I enjoyed all three flavors but if I had to choose one I would be stuck between the pistachio and the raspberry. They were creamy and the perfect temperature. I wanted more but, I was running out of time however, I will definately be going back!  I went here with my parents and I my Dad got coconut and loved it!
3	I find it amusing that a place with such good yelp reviews needs to resort to bot voting to try to win the best of azcentral's best ice cream poll. Good gelato but I'll knock off two stars to the owners who have to use trickery to try to influence people. I wonder how many of their 5 star yelp reviews are phony also.
5	Coffee and pasteries are delicious. Pasteries and cake are home made. Their Gelato the tastiest yet and variety for every taste. Don't miss. You'll be glad you went.
5	Earns everyone of the fine stArs. Incredible flavors, creamy texture. My husband has been going twice a day.
5	Hands down, best gelato I've had in the Valley!  They do have other items (other sweets, sandwiches, etc) and I intend to get around to trying those, but it's hard to focus on anything else when that delectable gelato is calling your name!That's Amore: please open a second location a little farther south!!!
5	I have been enjoying their gelato since the week they first opened. Many years later they still offer the best gelato in the valley. Check out their pastry selection, add a cup of espresso and you will be sure you died and went to Italian heaven!
5	I'm not going to describe gelato its symply great, very friendly owners, what I was impressed is coffee, simple but delicious
5	Has to be one of the best gelato places out there. They also have great sandwiches and coffee - very smooth coffee. My sons favorite is the pumpkin gelato which is only out seasonally so go soon. Staff are very Italian which says it all
3	I had high expectations visiting That's Amore and was a little disappointed!  Hands down, Gelato Spot is the best place in the Valley to enjoy Italian gelato!  We tried the peach and the limoncello flavors and they just were not as good as equivalent flavors at Gelato Spot.  I did take home a mini cannoli and it was wonderful...I would certainly go back for another one of those!
5	Better than the gelato in Florence Italy. Must try the chili chocolate with the black cherry. Outstanding!
5	Before I moved to AZ I would make sure I had time to get gelato and a sandwich here!  It is amazing and the family who owns and operates it are amazing!  Some of the best food and treats I've ever had!
5	Ever been to Italy and wish you could bring the real gelato home with you? That's Amore did just that. They literally brought the gelato bar from the old country and filled it with the most delicious, authentic, and interesting gelato treats imaginable.
5	Really delicious! The Toblerone gelato was amazing!! I can't eat at Gelato Spot anymore after trying this place. Highly recommended!
5	Went with a coworker for an afternoon treat, and a treat is exactly what I got! The spicy chocolate gelato was amazing! I couldn't put it down! Might have to do a little extra cardio today but man was it worth it! :)
5	Delizioso! It is the real deal! Now, that was just the thing to erase the super bad dinner we had had that night. My Bianco & Nero and Tartufo mix was just what the doctor had ordered. Everyone oohed and aahed over their choices and there was a lot of "let me taste this" going on.
4	So many different flavors of gelato! It was so fun to try them all. And there was such a variety as well! I liked the ambiance of the place - it felt a bit like Italy.My milkshake was a bit milky and lost the flavor of the gelato. But I would still return and maybe just choose a stronger flavor or ask for less milk. Otherwise, it was great!!
5	Absolutely phenomenal gelato!! Best fricken ice cream I have ever had. Better than froyo and ice cream. Awesome flavor and perfect ambiance. If you want something sweet go here!!!!!!!
5	Amazing place! Excellent gelato and coffee! I got the pistachio and toffee on a cone. Tried the chocolate rum, whiskey cream, and chocolate from my friends. Then we all got cappuccinos which were equally amazing!There's a lot of seating inside and outside and it's relatively easy to find. Friendly service and a fantastic experience - no complaints!
5	This place is fantastic!  We finally found authentic Italian gelato here in Scottsdale. This tastes like what you get over in Italy with all the same flavors you may have had in Europe but unable to find here in the States. You know it's great because every time I'm in there, the place is full of Italians!It's a bit of a drive if you don't live up north but well worth it.
5	I love this place!!! Tartufo is my favorite!
4	Possibly my first time having non store bought gelato. I found this place using yelp and trip advisor and it's a bit of a hike from my house but since I had nothing but time, I figured I'd give it a show. It's located in a strip mall but I had no problem finding it. I walked in and there were so many flavors. At least 25-30 and I had no idea what I wanted. Then I saw a sign that said only three samples. I've never been so stressed picking out a flavor as many of them I didn't even know what the name meant. The man asked for here or to go and I said to go which were different sizes I guess. I picked the middle container for $11.00 roughly. He could put three flavors in it. He had me try a few flavors and i really liked the pistachio so I chose that one for my container. My other two picks were a shot in the dark because I had reached my sample allotment before finding another that I really loved. I chose amaretto and Toblerone. He packaged it up, I paid and went along my way. Got home and tried each. Very happy with my choices. The amaretto was very tasty and just how I imagined it would taste.  Also the Toblerone was wonderful. Very rich dark chocolate. Such a nice Saturday treat. Boyfriend will be happy when he gets home and finds out I didn't eat the whole thing too. The price is a little steep but I have a feeling the ingredients are quality. Looking forward to next time I get to indulge in That's Amore.
5	I will keep this short and sweet.  This place is dope. If you are in the mood for gelato or ice cream or anything cold and yummy and live in the north scottsdale area this place is an absolute must.  Can't recommend this place enough!
5	Just amazing. The flavor of the gelato was out of this world. It will make you never want to purchase that fake stuff from the grocery store again. We had a great time reminiscing our Italian vacation while sitting in this little shop. We will be back!
5	Got a whiskey and banana while the hubby got chocolate rum and whiskey! This is the best creamiest gelato I have ever had. The flavors meshed so well together and the texture was so creamy and light. Better than gelato spot. Customer service is good too. We will be back for sure. I wish I could go in and get more right now! LolTry it :)
5	Amarreto and Whiskey Cream is the best alki combination when on vacation.  Even better when its fuzed into Gelato.  Everything here is awesome.
3	First visit after chowing some Italian down at Lorenzo's, just around the corner a piece.  OMg!  Decisions, decisions!  What flavor do they not have!  DH got this black cherry, chocolate and nut mix (forget the name) and I got the biscotti.It was all very good---intense flavors, very creamy and not a bit of iciness.  I don't know gelato too well, but I really liked it.The pastry case offerings looked incredible.  Maybe next time I will eschew the gelato for a cappuccino and a pastry! The store was bright and cutely decorated and clean and very crowded for a Wednesday night at 8.30.  You can tell it's the neighborhood gelato-spot.  Everyone seemed to know everyone!NOT a low calorie way to end the evening, but we'd already gone for the gusto, so...Now DH and I have to go back, because there were so many other flavors we want to try.  That will be fun on a super-hot evening!
5	True authentic gelato direct from Italy. It doesn't get any better than this, folks!I always order the same: two scoops: raspberry and dark chocolate. Delicioso!!!Note: sometimes I even eat gelato for dinner. As the slogan goes: life is short, eat dessert FIRST!
5	Never had gelato before, but this stuff was awesome!  Had the whiskey cream and licked the bowl clean!
5	Best Gelato in Arizona!! True authentic, tastes like the gelato I enjoy when in Italy. Love the peanut butter and biscotto.
5	I go to That's Amore every weekend! Everybody needs to try this place, it's fantastic.
5	Thank you yelp for helping me find this place! Not that far from my house is this absolutely delicious and authentic gelato shop! I love every flavor that I have tried. Favorites: Hazelnut, Stracciatella, almond, vanilla :)
5	I haven't had gelato in a long time and this was a treat.  The gentlemen behind the counter was friendly, but not overly so.  He let us taste a few of their offerings and I have to admit I really liked the spicy chocolate.  It did have quite a bite, and at 104degrees, I went with my standard favorite pistachio.  I was convinced to add the amaretto which was a great pairing.When I'm Arizona visiting my friend, I'll be stopping by here again.!
5	That's really Amore. This was one of the first places my (now) husband took me when we first started dating. Then the first time I cooked for him I surprised him by picking up his favorite flavor ahead of time to serve as dessert. I love the chocolate and the banana whereas his favorite is the stracciatella. The gelato is delicious and authentic (reminds me of what I had in Italy) and it certainly was love at first bite for us. We highly recommend it.
5	That's Amore DESERVES all 5 stars! Incredible, authentic gelato. I have been coming here since they opened, and they have been consistently great over the years.I have tried a variety of flavors, but Bacio and Chocolate are typically my go-to flavors. Very rich and creamy, just getting a small satisfies my gelato craving. The toffy is delicious as well, as is the white chocolate..and well, I cant think of any flavors I have eaten here that I have not really liked.Great for a cold treat during the brutal summers, LOVE this place and recommend it to anyone in the area!
5	You can't go wrong with any of the 44 plus flavors! This is a family favorite, for a special treat!
5	We love that's amore! So many flavors - we haven't had a bad one yet. Our faves are lemon, peanut butter and strawberry. You can get two different flavors in one cup which really complicates things!!The tasty gelato aside - this place has excellent hours and a super friendly vibe. We love going for gelato in the evenings (after dinner bribe) and their hours are perfect for this. We have to limit ourselves from coming too often!!
5	Wow. The number of flavors of gelato That's Amore offers is truly impressive -- and all of it is delicious and made in-house! There are pastries and coffee, too. I got a kick out of seeing the gelato cake designs offered, as well. It's a good thing we don't live here -- we would come every day!
5	Great gelato.  There are many places that serve it, but none is better than That's Amore.  It is just around the corner from our house but that is not the reason I am rating this so high.  It is just plain and good authentic gelato.  Make the drive up to North Scottsdale and wait in the line to get yourself something you won't regret.  The service is quick and the helpings are generous.  Enjoy this delectable treat ( secret: Limoncello).
5	This is absolutely the BEST gelato in the Phoenix area!!! Authentic homeMade gelato, excellent service.... My only wish was it was in a different location so others would know of it!!!.... It just so wonderful!!  Toblerone is my absolute favorite!!. This place is a little hidden gem that absolutely deserves more recognition!!! Go a little out of the way and enjoy this absolutely wonderful Gelato!!!
4	Liked it. One of their fridges is down, so selection maybe limited. Owners are great guys too, very friendly and helpful. Let us taste quite a few gelatos for free. Would give 5 stars if the selection was more.
5	Nobody does gelato like that's amore! If you are looking for very authentic, delicious gelato this is the place to go. Their coconut gelato is really good and compares to the coconut gelato I got in Italy! You won't regret trying this gelato, trust me!
5	The BEST GELATO EVER! I have many favorites, but my  latest combo is lemon cello and white chocolate is a WINNER! It's like a slice of heaven!! Feel like I'm in italy!!
5	This place never disappoints. The best gelato ever. Tonight I had the Whisky Cream. From the first bite to the last.... Delicious!
5	Amazing! So many flavors and you get to try 3 samples. Hazelnut and coffee was my choice and it was fantastic so glad I found this place.
