2	-2 stars for the pedi... walked cracked up and dry left cracked and somewhat moisturized! Sad to say the tech was so friendly but when you leave a pedi needing a pedi there just isn't any justification. Brent did my nails. He did a pretty good job except the pink acrylic was screaming hot on my nails all ten of my fingers were literally burning. I never felt it before and would never want anyone else to. Beside the flaming nails, the polish job really let me down. He did a great job painting my nails, but even upon leaving the shop it was cracking off and it was a gel coat.. Its been a week and my nails are chipped all over i don't even want people to look! So minus 1 for the burning and minus 2 for the cracked nails but plus 1 for his kindness.
5	This has got to be the BEST nail salon I've ever been to!!! The owners are awesome and very talented!!!!  I am now 26 and have been getting my nails done for the last 11 years, I had a great nail tech that past away about 4 years ago and have searched for ever for somewhere that is as good as him, I've probably been to every nail shop on town but the moment I walked into this one I was greeted with friendly faces and felt comfortable, by the end of my visit I knew this was my new nail place.  I will never go anywhere else.  I have been coming here for about 2 years now and pray that they stay here forever!!!!    I posted a picture of my latest nails that I got done for my birthday, a tribute to my love of Despicable Me, they turned out better than I ever could imagine.  If your a local to Vegas or just passing through this is definitely the place to get your nails done....  Brent and Luann are true artist!!!
5	I love LouAnn she is the best nail text in Las Vegas that I have found, love her hubby Brent as well he has done my nails these last two times. They are clean and very nice.... They have updated all there equipment the massage chairs and pedi bowls are awesome plus when you wash your hands there are clean drying towels in the drawer at the beautiful new vanity. I love this place I will keep returning Service is Great.. and Im a big stickler when it comes to great Service.
2	Sooooo, we went in for a princess pedi, and one for my mommy too. The massage chairs were nice,  and so were the pedi techs. My mom says her pedicure was just so-so. Her feet aren't baby soft like mine, and needed a little more scrubbing. She got a french pedi, and the lines weren't straight.  :( We were quoted $15 for the princess pedi, and $22 for moms.  She was charged $5 more for the french. My mom wanted a full set of claws. So, she asked the tech that was doing my pedi how much it would cost, AND she showed her a picture of exactly what she wanted. Nude claws medium length. The nail tech asks another lady, I think it was the owner,  how much it would cost.  She tells my mom $25. So, my mom agrees. She gets her full set, and choses gel; it lasts longer, and they have a very small selection of regular polish. My mom asks how much it will be in total before getting her nails polished. $97.!?!? Even I know basic math. 15+27+35=77. So, my mom asks about the $20 difference,  and the owner tells her it's $45 for claw nails,  and that her tech doesn't speak English or make prices. My mom gives her the look I get when I make up stories to get myself out of trouble. Mommy isn't a fool, and she was born at night but not last night. This is why mommy showed her a picture of what she wanted. So, the owner agrees to honor the quoted price. We actually tipped even though someone tried to swindle us. We won't be back. Sad because there aren't a lot of good places on this side of town.
5	Luanne is definitely the best and hubby Brenton is pretty good too. Great place for pedicures and nails.
4	Wow. Just went their for pedis and it was awesome. Super laid back. The massage chair was so comfortable. The service was quiet but professional. Would definitely come back and recommended. And it's cheap :-)
5	One of the best pedicures I ever had! The nail tech was very meticulous. He really cleaned my toenails and smoothed out and polished my nail beds. Then did a heavy duty callous removal with a grater, followed by a pumice stone and finished that part of the treatment with a scrub and massage. Polish was even and shiny. And the massage chair was fantastic. This place is a gem.
3	I just moved here and was looking for a nail salon, as most people do. I came with my mom only for a pedi to see how it would pan out. It's always hard to find a new place that compares to a place you just came from. 4 for the massage chair2 for the pediThe pedi was mediocre, the chair was awesome though! I went in knowing that it was going to cost $22 for a basic pedi. I was contemplating getting gel, since that's what I'm used to. But something was telling me to just get regular polish. Besides they didn't have a big selection or the color I was looking for. The massage for my legs/feet wasn't great and only lasted about 5 mins if that. And I believe that was because a regular strolled in causing it to get cut short!! Then when I went to pay it ended up being $27. When I was told that I backed my card up and asked why, then they simply told me $5 extra to take off the gel!!! WTH!? Never have I been charged to take off gel on my toes. It's not like they used any chemicals to take it off. It simply soaks in warm water and peels off easily. You have to take it off anyway! It's not like nail polish where you have to use remover and cotton! Had I know that I would've peeled it myself before proceeding.Now my mom on the other hand also had some issues with this place. While getting hers done the man asked if she wanted him to scrape the callus?! Like doesn't one usually do that when getting a pedi?? If you know how to do it then you shouldn't have to ask. Also she has and ingrown on one of her toes. Every 2-3 weeks she would go and get it cut out from the same person without making it bleed. The guy once again asked if she wanted him to cut it out, and of course she said yes. Before he proceeded to do so he told her it was going to bleed aka meaning it was going to hurt!!!!!!! And telling her it was because it was never cut out before. Then my mom just simply said don't do it (she's not one for pain). So she's on the hunt again!I came here simply by reading the reviews and always like to see things myself. I love the art that they have for nail and that's what draws me to most places! But after seeing and dealing with some of these things I know I won't be going here!
5	Every time I go they always do whatever I ask of them. They have great costumer service and do extremely amazing nails!
4	I'll keep my review brief: came in for pedicures with my husband, they got us into the massage chairs quickly and then is great work on our feet. We always have a positive experience here. We definitely recommend this place.
3	PROS:  The saloon was very clean and organized. i was greeted as soon as i stepped in, and was in a spa chair within 5 min. i came in the afternoon only three people there including myself, along wigh three techs. Had a large selection of gel polish. massage chairs are comfy, new, and cute.the pedicure was nice, I had a young man do my toes he did good always asking if it was too hot and made me very comfortable. CONS:  After my pedicure I was very happy until I had my fingernails done by the lady there.  She seemed unhappy and rushed even tho there was nobody else there since the other two ladies were already with a tech. I had a french manicure with gel. I asked her for a deep French or thick whites on tips to make my natural nails look longer, she didn't do it. its two days post and u can see my natural growth already underneath the whites. I also asked for rhinestones a certain way and she dosent do that either. what really turned me off is how she put them on. She put a bunch of glue all over the bottom of my nail put the gems on top then put more glue it looked so sloppy the rhinestones aren't even shiny any more cuz of how much glue she put on top. after she finished the gel top coat my nails with Rhinestones looked bad uneven and had bumps in places without rhinestones. I have never seen a tech put rhinestones on the way she did. after the last coat she noticed how bad it looked she also felt the bumps on my nail,  she shrugged her shoulders and said all done. if I go back she will not be doing my nails.
4	My second check in here was awesome! Way better than my first visit! The man who did my nails today made me feel very comfortable. He was smiling and made sure all my requests were the way i wanted them. I will definitely be coming back.
1	Went in on a Sunday. They had two people working. Was told it shouldn't be much of a wait. Almost an hour later I finally got my pedicure. Mind you there were only two other customers there ahead of me who were already getting their nails done when I came in. To top off everything, they sent me out very quickly after my toes were painted and because of that as soon as I left they got messed up because they weren't dry. I will not be going back here and if I do it will not be on a Sunday for sure.
