1	We tried this place only because it had a coupon and what a mistake.  Spring rolls were so greasy the wrapper was soaked within the 5 mins it took to drive home.  Then blotting with paper towel soaked up another full towel full of grease.  Dipping sauce was gelatinous. Orange chicken was tough and breading soggy.  Took loads of antacid to get over this meal.  On the plus side the counter girl was sweet when she rejected the coupon because small print said dine in only and only within certain time frames.  Really!  Not the best way to garner new business for your "grand opening celebration".  Coupon flier said Grand Opening Celebration but it appeared to be the same storefront operation that has always been there next to Domino's. Teriyaki beef was nicely flavored but consistency a little slimy
1	Stopped in and figured I'd try them out. I gave this establishment a 1 star due to their lack of service. We waited for almost 20 minutes to be given a glass of water and then longer just to have our order taken. I must say that food was cooked to order and decent. I should have listened to the review with a 1 star, lesson learned. I'd rather go to China-A-Go-Go next time.
4	Is Golden China the best Chinese food I have ever had?  No.  Is it my first choice in Chinese food?  Not really.  The truth about Golden China is, it's good food at a great price.  Going for lunch and spending $5.55 is a pleasure when you get the standard crunchy fried noodles and sweet and sour sauce (sort of like chips and salsa at a Mexican place), a bowl of egg drop soup, chow mein, fried rice and your entree.  To top it off you get a small drink too.  The value is hard to beat.  The last time I went I ordered the House Special Chicken.  It was spicy with crushed red chili flake and whole Thai peppers.  It was mixed in with bell pepper, onion, broccoli and sweet pine apple.  The sauce is both sweet and spicy giving a nice balance of both.  The fried rice is great.  A good flavor but light.  I like the chow mein though the noodles are thicker than at some other Chinese chain restaurants.  I have never been accused of being a small eater but when it comes to Golden China, I have never been able to finish my meal.  I have always taken it home to eat the rest for dinner.  My reccomendation is go at lunch time and dine in.  The restaurant is clean.  The food is good.  And you only get soup if you dine in.
3	So far, for the price, this has been the best place and the menu is much different than your average Chinese restaurant. For example, they have chicken lettuce wraps...
1	This is the worst place, styrofoam , bowls, plastic everything and food is so bad. They somehow got my past review removed, be careful at this place!
4	So we were headed out of Vegas on N Rancho and craving Chinese so I looked on yelp and saw this place.  There was only 1 review but it was favorable so we decided to try.  First of all the address is N Rancho but its really way on the side of the shopping center on W Craig.  We nearly missed it, we actually gave up and was leaving the parking lot when someone in the car looked back and saw the place.  So we turned around and went back.  Nothing to look at from the street and someone in our party was like "nope" lets move on.  I said let's just look inside and decide then, I have no problem checking a place out and leaving after looking things over.  Well it was clean inside and they had a good variety of dishes.  The lunch specials caught my eye at only $5.55 including a drink you couldn't beat that.  They serve you in the to-go container at least the lunch specials were. One of us had the Thai noodles which were very tasty and full of shrimp and it was served on a paper plate.  All of us had enough for left overs and ate the rest for lunch the next day.  This place is worth a try.  I would certainly try a few more things on the menu if I was local.  It satisfied our Chinese craving at a very reasonable price. Very friendly staff and fast service.  Not a big fan of the plastic forks and spoons.  I'm used to my Chinese places having real dishes and silverware and then packing your leftovers up.  Perhaps they are a big to-go order location so thats why they do it that way.  But either way the food was good and price was right.
3	This is the only place in town I've found that makes Egg Rolls correctly.  They are thick, full of flavor and not the 'spring rolls' that these restaurants tend to make nowadays.  That being said, the rest of their food pretty much stinks.  Their Kung Pow anything and Mongolian anything is very salty.  The Chow Mein is not saucy, just imagine spaghetti noodles with soy sauce only.  The Singapore noodles are fairly good, but you don't get a good amount for the price.  This place is worth a trip for the egg rolls though.  When I go, I buy enough for a few days.
1	when will i learn!!! loved their crab egg foo young...........they are just going down hill.  ordered crab rangoon.........BURNT!!!!!!!!!!  wow! i pay almost $1.00 per wonton and you burnt 1/2 of them!  fried rice - no flavor.........going straight down hill.  learned my lesson, NEVER again. too bad, there was a time - many months ago and they were great!  not to mention, rang the doorbell - knocked loudly on door- rang the doorbell again - knocked on door again - all in the same second!!!! wow! NEVER again!
5	I love this place nice and clean ,service is very good ,the food fresh to cook I order lunch special only $ 5.95 and new york egg roll $1.95 I had free sodathey give a lot food and very tasty ,egg roll is the best I never had in las vegasI will come back with my friend
5	Everything is so good. I eat the curry noodles (picture below),  egg drop and won ton soup also try the lunch special.  They do a GREAT job. Try it! Then stop by Kmart and go shopping lol.
4	Very pleased with Goldan China. I ordered off of Grub hub and Goldan China was the nearest chinese restaurant to my house. After the first delivery, we ordered their take-out 3 times again after that within a couple months. And we were pleasantly surprised to recieve our most recent order, no more than 30 minutes later. The food is awesome, I LOVE their fried rice.
5	I gotta say! WOW 3rd time no complainers! Fresh! Hot! Yummy! Egg foo young......... Home run! Fair fast delivery! I would stay away from wonton soup! Was just ok ! But everything else was really good ! I never dealt with a person other then delivery man because I used grub hub but order always correct! 5 stars all the way around! Considering the other place around me are gross you go into store and salt shaker is stuck to table......is it glued ? Nope! Or the other place is on dirty dining. ......... AGAIN! Nope so far this place rocks !
4	So I was hungry went on grubhub and stumbled on this place paid $20 for 3 entrees shrimp fried rice, orange chicken & beef and broccoli.  The orange chicken was ehhh maybe 3/10 but my daughter loved it ! Way to sweet and little hard. But the other two were pretty tasty not the best chiness food I've ever tasted but hit the spot for a really cheap price. From order to delivery was about 35 minutes they came fast! A huge plus for some starving people and the guy was nice that brought the food and was literally so hot like it was from the kitchen at that second. I did like the chow mein and fried rice alot. All in all if I need fast, hot and cheap meal which is very decent taste wise I'll definitely be ordering here again.
5	Love this place. Since its by the house it's my go to place. Sesame beef is the best. Always nice and since I am now considered a regular they always give me a bit extra.
5	Best chicken vegetable bowl of all the places I've tried also great friendly service.
