3	This is the first Marriott I have ever been a little disappointed in.  I thought initially it was going to be an amazing hotel, since I totally screwed up on the reservation (made it for the wrong day) and the girl at the desk was so cool to work with me and get me a room when the whole place was fully booked.  Except, the place was fully booked for the "Little Miss Junior Miss" Pageant, or some other stupid name like that, which meant HELL for Andy and I as the entire place was infested with pre-teen beauty queens, their scary domineering mothers, and other random siblings that came along for the ride.  Can you say O. M. G.  Now, normally this would be a non-issue, as we are rarely in our hotel room except to sleep and once in the room you couldnt hear a lot of hallway noise.  But this 10 story hotel had a grand total of 2 elevators, which were packed at all hours of the day with girls in gowns and tiaras, groups of girls in heavy makeup, or wet children dripping from the hotel pool. This made getting in and out a bit challenging since we were on the top floor. I realize this is hardly Marriotts fault that the Junior Misses had descended upon Middleton, since they are just trying to turn a buck in this economy, but the design of this place was not user friendly in the slightest.  Also, hey brilliant idea guys, put the pool across the hall from the elevator and then make that whole area tile so people track water out and the floor is slippery!  Nice.  And also understaff the dining area so noone can get in and eat because there is noone to clean off the tables and take your order.  Nice planning!Man, that whole experience left a bad taste.  The worst part will be trying to convince Andy to stay at a Marriott ever again as he is just now getting relief from the migrane he got on Saturday.
1	What a mess of a hotel. I guess that maybe I grew up in an era where the Marriott name meant class and luxury. I can't blame Marriott for the fact that the hotel was hosting the Little Miss (Jon Benet) America contest. The hotel was overran with 6 year olds wearing make up and donning skimpy outfits. It's disturbing that Parent's lives are so unfulfilled that they have to dress their children like Cocktail waitresses at a seedy bar. The hotel was totally booked. You had ten floors worth of rooms, but yet the hotel only had two elevators. It was pretty annoying to wait 15 minutes every time you wanted to go up to your room. And the kicker was on Sunday morning when we wanted to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant. The hotel had nobody on duty to bus tables, so while it was obvious that the restaurant was half empty, but there was a 15 minute wait to be seated. Of course the hostess acted like an office temp, with a bad attitude. That was a perfect ending to our hell stay at the Marriott-Madison West. I couldn't check out of that hotel fast enough. In the future, I would rather stay at a hotel with sticky sheets, that rents it's rooms by the hour than ever stay at a Marriott again.
3	Had an okay stay here at this Marriott (which looks to have been an Embassy Suites at one time, judging by the interior).  I was traveling on business, and appreciated the quiet rooms and very comfy bed.  Some of the interior could use some updates, especially in the bathroom.  One major annoyance was that the blackout drapes were for decoration only and couldn't be closed all the way to make the room dark.  What a pain!!Other than that, friendly staff and mediocre breakfast in the morning.  There really isn't anything around of note (all chain restaurants and office buildings), so I think on my next trip I'll drive a little extra to stay in Madison and bypass Middleton!
2	My boyfriend and I Pricelined a room for our anniversary trip this weekend. We were super excited to get a "3.5star plus" hotel for a really good deal. It's too bad there were so many things that worked against making this a truly awesome hotel: - The fact that there is no carpet between the pool and the elevators, so the floor is often dangerously wet. - The fact that the bathroom door opened onto the toilet - you had to sidestep it in order to close the door. - The fact that the night desk clerk, when counting the register, set the cash tray on the counter nearest the customers. It would have been an easy, quick jaunt out the front door with it.- The 20min it took to get extra towels- The empty ice bin in the vending area- The desk clerk who came out to talk to customers while still chewing foodBy far the worst offense was the fact that check-out time was noon, yet housekeeping tried to enter our room at EIGHT IN THE MORNING. I can't imagine it's that hard to find out which rooms are ready for cleaning, and which are not. The only real pro was the bedding, which was luxe and fluffy. Not even close to being worth the $2800 they sell it for, but fun for a night. The room ended up being cheap for the name-brand, but more satisfaction could have been found from a lesser-name place. Lesson learned for next time.
3	I got my room off priceline for 75, so i was happy with the price. I would not pay the 150 the hotel was asking for. The room was clean and pretty big. The toliet wouldnt flush, but after stopping by the front desk it was taken care of. No free breakfast, so we didnt eat at the hotel. We didn't use the pool, so nothing to say about that. I do agree with the other reviews that the design of the building is not good. There was a wedding going on the one night and it was pretty loud late into the evening. Good location, right off the highway. We were into madison in 10 miuntes.
2	Although most of the workers were very pleasant, the customer service by one female during check-in as well as another at the breakfast buffet was so unprofessional that I will not be a patron at this location again. After complaining of the rude service, for which we were given the excuse of a busy weekend, we asked to be connected with management, who never followed up. Unacceptable!
5	I can't stand to sit here and read these horrible reviews. When my son was receiving treatments for spine/ brain cancer, at UW Hospital, we did not  have many choices at that time of where to stay during and between treatments. My son would become so ill from all the radiation plus chemo, and the radiation treatments were at two 6 hour intervals every day, So we couldn't venture far most days.Altho we had spent time at the Ronald McDoanld house, after a time I needed to make my son feel less a patient and more like a celebrity for a day. So I decided to take a paycheck, and chose a day between visits to get a suite at the Marriott West. Altho my son had to use a mobile IV unit, and was scarred on his  head from radiation burns, this Marriott was most accomodating and incredible.We had a gorgeous suite, exquistie room service and gracious attentions.These attentions were NOT triggered by my sons illness, but sincerely born from true proffesionalism and great training. This is a beautiful establishment, and I personally cannot stand the voices of spoiled whiners on these previous reviews. This Marriott will hold dear to me always and is worthy of your travel time relaxing time, and most of all your needs no matter to what extent.Stop being so ridiculously spoiled and realize. This Marriott is above average.
1	Was here for a gala at the adjoining conference center.  Service was terrible. The waitress kept slamming food and drinks on the  table. She only brought dinner for half the table and the rest had to wait for 15 minutes. One of the guests had to wait about 20 minutes for the meal. Horrible!I've been to many Marriotts before and hold a frequent visitor card, but this one has been the worst experience so far.I know this isn't a review that completely reflects the hotel or any restaurants inside it, but the fact that this service was under the Marriott name prompted this review and rating
5	Before I booked here, i was about to stay at a crappy hotel off the highway that look like it was about to fall apart. I just happen to browse online on priceline and got this place book. I was already happy at this point that I am staying at a Marriott because I have always had great experiences at all the Marriotts across the country, but what happens next makes me love this location even more. I am extremly happy I didnt let some of the previous reviews deter me from booking here. When i arrived, my check in process was easy, the front desk was friendly, and I was able to check in early (which I was on a 16 hour drive cross country so i was ready to rest). My room was clean, the bathroom is immaculate, and it had everything i needed. Even the smallest things such as hair dryer, ethernet wire, and the ginger orange smell hair products made this stay VERY pleasant. I wanted to bring my work computer up to my room and the front desk gentleman was very helpful in assisting me with all my questions and helping with the cart so i can take it upstairs. When I travel, I dont expect hotel staff to wait on my hand and feet and I am not a needy guest, as long as they are professional and willing to help when i ask for it, I am satisfied with my stay. I asked for a different coffee maker since it wasnt working and they brought me another right to my room within a few minutes, thats what i call attentive and prompt service. All in all, I highly recommend this Marriottt.
4	Booked the room on Priceline for our anniversary getaway.  2 days before we were to leave I called to check on the reservation.  I was transferred to the, hands down, single most rude man in customer service.  He told me to call back when there were not kids in the background and when I had my reservation number because he didn't want to look it up by last name.  I called the hotel and asked to speak to a manager.  She was wonderful and apologized and I felt better about staying there, knowing that not everyone was as rude as that man.We checked in and the man at the desk wished us a happy anniversary and informed us that we would be staying in the honeymoon sweet and had access to the concierge floor and snacks were being served.  Every time we saw him that night he asked if there was anything that he could do to make our stay better.  What a surprise and proof that good customer service does exist!  The bedding was very nice and the housekeeping staff was always so nice.We had a wonderful time and we will stay there again!
3	I stay here for several days every year for a conference that's held in this hotel. I've always had decent service here and the rooms are average size but clean! My only wish is that they had rooms with kitchenettes! For economical reasons I like to keep food in the room and it's frustrating staying somewhere all week and having to have the front desk microwave your left-overs for you. They did, however, move a mini-fridge into my room at my request which was nice. Also, really great restaurants in the area which I have been very pleased with!
2	It's hard to believe this is a Marriott property.  I've logged over 50 nights at this hotel so I think I'm decently qualified to offer a balanced review.  This last stay will be my last overall.  Although the staff is generally friendly & professional, their competence is questionable.  I could offer a list of offenses but it would take too long & most aren't major, just a little annoying. Concierge lounge is fine, no complaints.  Overall, the hotel gives the impression that it is too large for its operating budget and the competence of the staff.  It greatly lacks attention to detail.  I frequently have to call for things that have been left out of the room (missing hairdryer, washcloths, double body wash but no shampoo...and so on).   The linens are old and tired (holes in the sheets & duvet covers, limp towels, some with stains).  I am a platinum member of Marriott and am always booked into a King room.  This time, they put me in a room with 2 doubles for no reason.  I immediately changed rooms and the TV did not work.  I then plugged my laptop into the lamp and it made a loud "pop" and blue sparks came out.  All of the power in the room was then knocked out.  This is unacceptable, as the wiring in that lamp was obviously faulty & dangerous.  I was lucky my computer was not fried.  The last straw came when I killed a large fly in the room with the first thing I could grab, which was the paper breakfast menu.  I then crumpled the menu and threw it away.  The next day, the housekeeper had removed the menu from the garbage can and placed it on my pillow.  I know it was the same menu b/c it was creased exactly where I crumpled it up.  Outrageous.  Anyone who would think this is acceptable service is out of their mind.  I will not stay here again and do not recommend it for business travelers.  During a single stay, I have never heard so many staff say, "I apologize for that".  Sorry isn't enough, I'll be trying the Hilton Garden Inn next time.  Good service speaks for itself and does not require apologies.
1	If you've ever wondered what it would be like to attempt to sleep on the infield of the Indy 500, while the race is in progress, and you don't care to spend the money on race tickets, just book a room at this hotel.The property is immediately, I mean immediately adjacent to the infamous "Beltline" highway, and the sound attenuating properties of the windows are non-existent. I thought the heavy curtains that frame the sheer might help to reduce the mind numbing highway noise.  But guess what, they're decorative only and can't be closed.I spent $65/night through Price Line, and that was about $50 too much.A few annoyances, in addition to the brain gelatinizing cacophony:1) What the hell is with the 30 lbs. down duvets that these hotels seem to think add a half star to their rating?  They're excessively hot on all but the coldest nights, they weigh a freaking ton, and when they end up on the floor (as is always my deal) you have nothing left but the thread bare, pallid, dirty sheet. Which isn't enough.2) Setting the alarm clock requires an advanced degree in electrical engineering.  Seriously, you really expect people to use these pieces of junk? Which leads me to annoyance number 3:3) When I tried to use the dirty, circa 1981 phone to set my wake up call, and I successively pressed all four of the "At your service" buttons I got nothing.  I messed around with the phone for 15 minutes before I finally reached a guy working in the bar (I could never hope to duplicate this feat).  He was kind enough to transfer me to the front desk.4) I was going to use the in-room coffee maker but it had been filled, at some point, with sour smelling water.  On my worst day of caffiene deprivation, I wouldn't have used that disgusting and antiquated little machine.A flat screen TV and a weighty down (or down substitute, as it where) duvet do not make a 3.5 star hotel! This place needs a major capital infusion.  Thank you for your time.
4	Nice hotel, got a nice upgrade! Great lobby bar and great front desk service. Hotel is about 20-30 minutes from UW
2	I don't think I've been to a dirtier Marriott. I've been here for three days so far, and i don't think the cafe in the lobby has been vacuumed once, as I've monitored the pile of crumbs underneath the tables and am finding more crumbs (and wrappers and chicken wing bones) each night. My room was dirty (including large stains on the bedskirt and chair) upon arrival, and since I was here for a week for business, I decided not to look around my room too much to save myself from being completely grossed out. Some of the shuttle drivers think they're Indy 500 drivers, swerving around corners so fast that everyone grips the sides of the vehicle. Our driver also asked two people to share one seat in the van, never mind the rules about seatbelts.  Also, if you come in the evening hours and want to eat at the bar, expect to wait no less than 1 hour for your food.
2	Stained sheets, hair and food byproduct on nightstand When we got our replacement sheets there was no offer to change them as they were thrust into our hands. Burned out lightbulbs and towels that look like what I use to dry off the dog.
4	Great rooms, great rates. I've stayed in Middleton before but this location can't be beat. They have a shuttle that will even take u to the convenience store. Spacious, clean, an very friendly staff.
4	Service was great, including providing a local 3-mile and 5-mile running maps  Breakfast was excellent. We will be back.
1	Bedding was stained on pillow and comforter.  Asked front desk to have this changed upon leaving for dinner.  After arriving back at the hotel, bedding had not been changed.  Called front desk and was told that housekeeping was gone for the night.  At check-out I mentioned the issue and was simply verbally told "Sorry."Not acceptable.  My 2nd Mariott stay this year, and I am not giving up my Priority Club Platinum membership to ever try Mariotts again.
3	Stayed at this Marriott while I was attending some training sessions at Epic. The hotel has everything a modern hotel would have. The rooms and decor a bit dated, but that maybe because it's Wisconsin???The rooms are good sized. The King single, had a king bed, a 32" LCD TV, ipod charging alarm clock, but a really small bathroom. I did have troubles with the heating during my stay here. It took the engineers two days just to get some heat into the room, and they continuously had to check on it while I was out during the day. There is a breakfast buffet in the morning (not complimentary) and this is where you can have lunch/dinner or enjoy a drink at the bar. The bar had a good selection of local Wisconsin beers as well as your typical domestics. Bar tenders were super friendly and made the stay a little more enjoyable.If you're a Marriott Reward member, be sure to have them add your access to the concierge lounge. Here they have free continental breakfast, snacks during the day, and a light meal at night. They have some type of honor system bar too in the evening. Also in the concierge lounge, you can use their computers for Internet browsing.
5	Would recommend this hotel. Beds are comfy, rooms are nice and clean, staff is very accommodating and goes above & beyond what's expected. We loved Tomeka at the front desk :)
1	The room was fine, obviously outdated but it looks as though they are upgrading currently. The food on the other hand was overpriced and gross. Do yourself a favor and do not order room service. It looked as though it was prepared at a truck stop, nuked and then brought up to my room. I complained, they said sorry and that was it. No new food, no help from the front desk and still charged me for it. Platinum member service my butt.
2	This is a nice looking but poorly designed hotel. Despite having over 300 rooms, they only have 2 elevators. I was here for a convention with a friend who recently had foot surgery and needed a wheelchair. Lets just say other hotel guests were not gracious about giving us priority on the elevators even though we were on the second floor and even the largest of humans should be able to manage 1 flight of stairs with 2 good feet. Checkout was a nightmare because of this elevator situation. Fortunately a staff member was kind enough to allow us access to the service elevator after he saw how rude the guests were about this.The food is also terrible and overpriced. Several people at the convention developed food poisoning after consuming the calamari. That was no fun for anybody. I highly recommend the Sprecher Brewery restaurant across the street - comprable prices but larger portions and significantly better food! The temperate throughout the facility is horrible as well. Our room was cold no matter how high we adjusted the thermstat and the convention space was hot enough that I nearly fainted on at least 2 occasions. The only reason this hotel gets 2 stars is because it was clean and the beds were extremely comfortable with their down-filled duvets and fluffy pillows.
3	This is the second time I stayed here with my b/f.  This time I was less impressed.  The staff as usual was fantastic.  They always are as helpful and as kind as ever.  Great job to you guys!  This is a business hotel so it's generally empty on the weekends, which is nice.  We had a king room on the 10th (top) floor.  Room was large enough.  Clean.  But, the heater was LOUD.  Squeaky.  So we messed with it... nada.  So we changed rooms, not a big deal.  We went right next door.  That room was the same as the last.  Downsides to this room though, the phone was dirty... I knew this cause the phone was tan/beige colored.  It was yucky.  Also, the tub liner in the first room was filthy.  Another thing I wish this hotel would change is installing fans in the bathrooms!  My boyfriend also pointed out that the sheets on the bed were super starched.   If you moved it sounded like sandpaper on sandpaper.  Madness.  I did have a odd triangle shaped hole in the sheets on my side of the bed...so that was less than plesant too.  Oh ,also the hot tub was down for maintence when we were there :( Bummer.  But the pool was open and no one was in it.  They also have a stellar gym.  To recap:PROS:Great StaffGreat locationLarge RoomsNice TVGreat GymHas a pool/hot tubCONS:Outdated BathroomOutdated/Dirty PhonesOver Startched Bed Linens (both rooms had the same issues)
2	Stayed here  on 4/7 prior to a business meeting.  It had many of the usual Marriott niceties but no Starbucks or availability of coffee that was any better than Folgers or Yuban.  Maybe it's a Wisconsin thing but I thought that nearly every Marriott had reliable, dark roasted coffee.  The room was OK except that they put me in a second floor room that had windows which started at about 5 feet above the floor and the only view was of air conditioning/heating units and I am a lifetime Platinum.  I am not sure if the desk clerk felt it made little difference or what but this is not a crown jewel by any means.  I understand that this place was a Holiday Inn previously but usually hotels converted to the Marriott brand are better than this one was.
2	I would imagine things would be different if I stayed here when they did not have a convention in town but I did!Checked in to a room on the 6th floor (out of 10).  I had pounding and banging all round me due to remodeling.  They did finish by late afternoon but the hallways were full of beds and other room furniture.  Besides being unsightly, that wasn't a big deal.  My problems started at night  and the next morning.   When the meeting in one of the ballrooms ended apparently most of the people didn't have enough!  Because of the set up of he hotel every room in the hotel faces the bar.  Even though the bar is on the ground floor the noise funnels up and it becomes a big echo chamber!  Noise continued until about 1am.  I'm not sure if I was pissed because I couldn't sleep or if I was just jealous that I sounded like they were having a lot of fun!The next morning was a JOKE!  Trying to leave wad impossible.  Why they would build a hotel with 10 floors and only 2 elevators is beyond me!  With people checking out, going to breakfast or just moving around it was Impossible to get on an elevator unless you were on the top 2 floors.  People were lined up on every floor trying to get somewhere.  The smart people started getting on using the "up" button and just going for a ride.  I finally have up and lugged my bags down six floors of stairs. What I found has a huge line of others doing the same.  I felt like a refugee!!!  Some women a head of me were having troubles because they had multiple bags.  Eventually one of them fell.... I wasn't pretty.  I found that this hotel looked nice, had a nice pool.  But I would never stay here on a weekend or when it was busy ever again!  They need to find a away to build another elevator and bite the bullet and shut the bar down much earlier or move it into one of the ballrooms.
2	***This Marriott definitely feels dated and it is not in Downtown Madison; it is a comfortable enough hotel, service is good and room rates are reasonable; however, the hotel has kind of a depressing look and feel to it; it needs an update***This Marriott kind of feels like an airport hotel.  Airport hotels tend to be very outdated and there is typically little incentive to do a renovation because the hotel has a steady stream of customers due to its proximity to the airport and convenience of airport shuttle transportation.  This Marriott has a similar look as the Philadelphia Airport Renaissance.  Both hotels feature an open atrium that goes up 9 to 12 levels high.  You do get a nice look onto the open atrium as you ascend on the quick glass elevators at this property.Unfortunately, this hotel is very out-of-date.  The lobby and cafe looks like something from the early to mid-80s.  The rooms are a little more contemporary though parts very dated; at the kitchenette sink, there was a bottom cabinet that may have been a dishwasher at one time; instead, it was empty with lots of dust and exposed piping (not nice to find at any hotel).The breakfast buffet did not inspire freshness either.  The food quality was not horrible, but a lot of the food was quite salty.  Food options included bacon, sausage, breakfast potatoes, scrambled eggs, smoked salmon, continental breakfast options, and an omelet bar.  In addition, the poor lighting in the lobby and throughout the hotel made the food and other stuff maybe feel worse than they actually were.This Marriott is still a comfortable place to stay and has good customer service.  The rooms are comfortable with good beds and linen.  The room temperature was fine though the unit did not seem to consistently keep the room cool.  The shower was fine.This Marriott has many suites so you have a good shot of getting upgraded if you are a Marriott Rewards Gold or Platinum member.  The suites are spacious and the bedroom is separated from the living room area with a door.  Their suites are outfitted with a mini fridge, kitchen sink (as mentioned) and a microwave.On weekends, Marriott Rewards Gold and Platinum members get an offer of full breakfast buffet for two per Saturday and Sunday or 750 Marriott Rewards points per Saturday and Sunday.  This is a new nationwide Marriott benefit for Marriott Rewards Gold and Platinum members and the hotel is only obligated to offer a continental breakfast.  I have been to a few properties (Santa Clara Marriott, Minneapolis Marriott City Center) that are only doing the bare minimum--continental breakfast--so this Marriott is definitely going above and beyond in this area (though the quality of the full breakfast buffet, as already mentioned, was not that great).The front desk was nice and helpful.Room rates are good, but this hotel is not in Downtown Madison.  It is only a 7 to 10 minute drive to Madison though.  However, I am not sure if getting to Downtown Madison on a Wisconsin football game day is challenging.This Marriott would not be a good property for a long stay.  This hotel just does not feel fresh enough.  It is a comfortable enough spot for a short stay though due to their comfortable rooms and good service.  If you are a Marriott Rewards Gold or Platinum member, they do treat you well here and maybe even better than some Marriott properties.This Marriott has its own free parking lot.  It is easy finding an open space.
5	I. Like. This. Hotel. If no shuttle is available to pick you up from the airport, they pay for your cab. The front desk staff is quick and attentive which is exactly what you want after a day of air travel. Room service was very friendly and the food was YUM. The toilet handle was misbehaving and while it took some time for engineering to fix it, they were beyond apologetic and did all of the things you'd expect a good hotel to do - either offer a room change/upgrade or other free stuff. The hotel is in Middleton so don't book a room here and then complain that it's not downtown. Look at a map. How is it the hotel's fault that you are in need of additional IQ points? So many Yelpers like to complain about every dumb, little thing without understanding that it's not about perfection, it's about how a business responds to a problem. This Marriott is not as modern as some others, but I'd pick a clean room and good service over some spiffy wallpaper and Berber carpet any day.
3	I was torn on how to rank this. There is part of me that wants to go a little lower, but the management on a couple occasions and the general kindness of the concierge lounge attendants made up an extra star. This Marriott is about the level of a nicer Courtyard Marriott. The ONLY way our stay was bearable was because we were upgraded to suite. If we had not had the door to separate our bedroom from living space, we would have been unable to rest with all of the noise coming up from the atrium..and we were on the 9th floor. A cocktail reception on a Tuesday night in the vast open space of the lobby was incredibly loud, but no problem due to our suite.   However a gathering of incredibly loud, rude teenagers whose director used a BULLHORN at 9pm at night to address the entire hotel of teenagers was the last straw for us. We had a two week reservation...we left 5 nights in.  Additional issues with this property: the concierge lounge is very, very limited. Every other Marriott (including most Courtyards) have coffee and tea in the lounge throughout the day, not to mention during the cocktail/dessert hours. At this one, there is none during the day, and, most frustrating, in the evening you have to ask the concierge to provide you with a cup of coffee or hot water. Not at all convenient for a business traveller who takes calls in the lounge. Plus the coffee is not high quality. The attendants were very kind, but just not a well executed lounge in comparison to other properties.I also want to thank the management who alerted housekeeping when we were leaving in the morning to service our room for the last couple days we were there. Prior to that, the room was not being serviced until about 2:30pm, which is our daughters naptime, and she was along with us on this trip. It was a little frustrating.  As for the ACTUAL service, it was hit or miss. One day was great, replenished our towels, toiletries, took out the trash. Another time our daughters blankets were thrown into a ball in the corner of the bedroom, zero toiletries replenished, and two of her toys that were drying in the bathroom were thrown away. A call for extra towels went without towels ever materializing one night.  Also, the in-room fridge does not fully work, and our hummus, juices, and other snacks were spoiled. I get that this is the area's biggest conference center, so maintaining business is not a problem for them. However, for those of us who travel frequently and experience many Marriott properties, this one does not come up to scratch, but again, the friendly demeanor of most employees we encountered did help the spotty service of this hotel.
4	I was there for the Wisconsin Bar.  So you can just imagine how tense all things were.  The staff was really friendly and understanding of hundreds of law grads flooding their venue.  The Falling Water restaurant is a convenient locale and located in the lobby.  If I had no vehicle, I would eat there and be okay with it.  I ordered a sandwich for lunch and it was a bit "buttery."  I do like that you can order your food ahead of time and have it ready at a particular time.  The rooms are very typical.  Nothing outstanding, but it is nice to have a window to look at something besides a brick wall.  You get a parking lot view but you get motion.  The banquet rooms were gorgeous.  The hotel is nicely decorated.  It even has a small waterfall hiding the elevators.  I was annoyed by the parking situation.  It is downhill.  Not a huge hill, but enough to make the walk precarious during these icy times.  Perhaps a little more salt could be expended for visitors.  The location is nice as it is near restaurant and a mall.  Forget something at home?  There is even a costco within ten minutes driving.  It is about 1/4 mile off the beltline and just outside of Madison (by one highway exit).  If you want to stay in Madison but avoid the high prices of downtown and the congestion of rush hour, this is the place to be.
3	This review of the Madison Marriott West focuses on the group event services of this facility and not the guest rooms.  I recently attended an evening Board meeting and a one-day conference at this hotel.The majority of the sales and catering staff at the Marriott were wonderful to work with.  This was the first time we hosted at event at this location.  The responsiveness of the staff was superb in setting up the event.  There were proactive in keeping our group on track with logistical issues leading up to the event.  On the day of the event, they checked in on us frequently and promptly addressed any concerns our group had.We had some problems with the reservations agents indicating that no rooms were available at the conference rate.  The other problem has to do with the layout of the conference rooms.  There is one conference room (the Monona Room) located by the front desk, far away from all the other meeting rooms.  On the day before the event, you guessed it; the Marriott staff moved us to that room.  The calendar of events is not conspicuous, so on the day of the event, all the conference attended entered the facility through the conference center doors and wandered about searching for the Monona Room.Like most conference facility, the food was a mixed bag.Things I liked:* I enjoyed the caesar salad served with lunch with fresh greens (no iceberg lettuce), tangy dressing and herbed croutons that did not go overboard with the salt or garlic.* Other than the overcooked noodles, the penne pasta with mushroom, spinach, goat cheese, pine nuts and roasted red pepper cream was a well-executed dish.* While the filling had a bit too much citrus flavor, kudos to the kitchen staff for serving us a cannoli with a crunchy shell, a rarity on the conference food circuit.Things I didn't:* The rigatoni with fennel sausage, roasted peppers and arriabiatta sauce lacked the finesse of the aforementioned penne pasta dish.  With its mushy noodles, overcooked sauce and under-seasoned sausage, there was little to like.* If you enjoy a heavy does of garlic powder on bread with the texture of a teething biscuit, you would love the garlic bread served with the pasta course.* My least favorite dish was toasted cheese sandwich served during the planning session the day before the conference.  For $14.95, I expected aged cheddar served on gently grilled slices of artisan sourdough bread.  What I received was very different.  Served barely warm, the bread was soaked in butter and toasted to a brick-like texture that left cuts on the roof of my mouth.  The institutional grade cheddar and provolone cheese had started to congeal by the time the staff served it to me.  The server did not check in with us because she didn't want to interfere with our meeting, preventing me from sending this dish back for a replacement.  The roasted tomato soup, though cool, was the redeeming feature of my meal.Overall, the experience with the Marriott Madison West was A-OK, based on the positive interactions with the staff, which offset the spotty food quality.
1	It's loud, the employees are not friendly, and you simply can't trust them for a wake up call... I didn't even get an "I'm Sorry" when they entered a 6am wake up call for 7am!And I've been Marriott Platinum for 10 years! If they can't be courteous to their elite guests, how are they to everyone else? Skip this hotel...
3	Had to stay here again and I was REALLY unhappy.The main issue stemmed from my door lock. My card continually stopped working. After three times, I was promised a tech would go see to it ASAP. I returned to my room thirty minutes later and found that my car was not working. This worried me as a tech was supposed to take care of it. I returned to the front desk to learn no one went to see it. I had my card reset again.  I was then met at my door by a technician. He said the spring was bad in the door. I don't really know what that means. However, he spent less than three minutes with it. Why did I have to go to the front desk five times to tell them my door lock wasn't working? Something that was obviously simple couldn't be fixed quicker? The desk people just kept saying I must have kept it near my phone. I assure them it was not near my phone. It was beyond frustrating. They customer service could have been better.
1	Worst marriott experience in twenty years of traveling. The hotel manager is a joke and very rude. I complained about the service at the hotel and asked for the phone number to complain. He responded by threatening to call the police. Just crazy to think this hotel would rather call the police on a Gold member than give the number to customer service.
2	Terrible value. This place should be like $70 a night. No free breakfast, expensive wireless, pillows were either laughably huge or flat as a pancake, bad smells, no ventilation in bathroom, filthy carpet, cuddled creamer for the coffee. These are just some of the complaints that our entire group had, across over a dozen rooms.
1	This is in regards to their Events Department - I had my wedding reception here last year. I complained about the management and received little compensation for all that had gone wrong. In the 6 months it took to begin planning my wedding reception to briefly following the reception I had 3 different events coordinators. The first two were amazing, but they left for good reason, the hotel events department was barely a-float. There's literally a list of things that went wrong, but the two most concerning: 1) The hired serving staff (many from temp agencies) didn't do their jobs! 2) One of the hired staff were high/drunk, and when he and others were asked for help by my family were giving them sass and they still didn't help. During the wedding, all I saw was how things were going wrong. So unfortunately, I didn't enjoy majority of my reception. When you spend all that time planning and spending $$$ and things are being executed half ass or not at all.. it's pretty distressful for an already stressed bride. I complained about this, but it wasn't until I got in touch with Marriott International that anyone called me back. They admitted they were going through many staff changes and apologized for the various incidents. When you spend about $14,000 for SOLELY service and drinks (we catered food). I expect top notch service. My overall bill still had the 22% service gratuity (which they deserved NONE of - which I argued). In the end they reimbursed me $990 which was half the service gratuity. I hate to be ungrateful but that's ridiculous. My only reason to write this review is because I wish I had known that their events services had gone downhill in past few years. I held an event there in 2010 and the events coordinator at the time, Diana??, and the service were great. People plannng events here should ask the following questions: 1) Are they still using temps and what experience/requirements do they have?2) If things don't go right (which they have someone from the staff on floor during your events - so they can see it themselves), how can they offer compensation or fix the situation??At the end - the temps were what were blamed for all the awful service (not clearing plates - my family cleared plates, serving drinks in CANS - when i made it a point everything should be served in glassware, etc...) So that's who I would ask the most questions about. I hope that things change for the Marriott in the future. They used to be one of the best places to hold large scale events in Madison. In the end, I do wish them the best in getting back to where they once used to be.
1	First night not so great. Immediately apparently means 30 minutes later AFTER you call again to the front desk. No one in the room next to me, alarm clock goes off. After waiting 10 minutes, and then knocking on door with no response, call front desk and am told it will be taken care of immediately. Waited 30 minutes, and called back. Then someone came up to take of it.It been a bad day, and this is an excellent end to it.3 more nights to go, woo hop!Ambiance CCleanliness C (generally grungy everywhere)Customer Service D(Only selected 1 star because I couldn't post with none)
