3	Very large thrift store, worth a look.  Definitely a lot of garbage that no one will ever buy, but there are finds if you dig around.
1	You are more likely to find an abandoned poopy diaper in the corner of a dressing room here than something actually worth buying. Back in the day, this used to be THE place to find awesome vintage tees and dresses in Vegas, but now it's just overpriced, lame shit- absolutely nothing is vintage, all the potentially valuable stuff is sold to dealers, and none of it is properly inspected for damage before being put on the racks. A lame waste of time unless you are looking for a six year old $10 BCBG top with yellow armpit stains, or a used cum stained nighty (that's right folks, they have an entire lingerie section full of USED UNDERWEAR). This place is just one big abandoned poopy diaper.
4	Yeah, the area is not the best, but I've actually found some good deals here. But I wouldn't go here at night, either. This one is busy and crowded, but I ignore that part, because the selection is very good. I usually find something here. I once saw two old ladies grab at aloha shirts- e-bay sellers maybe; they had a cart full of mens aloha shirts.As with all Savers, it's well-organized. Make a donation, get a coupon for 20% off your purchase over $10.00. Holidays mean long lines commence before the store even opens. Color tags mean an extra 50% off. Mondays are 99 cents for a certain color tag.
4	Headline: Savers Saves Summerlin!In the great class-war of this town, a canon shot was heard through Red Rock, with victory won for the ecologically conscious shopper!  Boy did we need some thrift to rival the tack of the Tivoli Village Opening. Summerlin desperately needed a little Patina to restore it's character, and the new Saver's on Lake Mead has totally delivered! We rummaged and found some great vintage goodies; turkish coffee pot, halloween wig, louieville slugger limited edition baseball bat. Thirty bucks out the door baby!
4	Kind of run-down area, but nice clean store with THE BEST deals I've ever gotten at a Savers, namely: - a brand new Old Navy maxi dress for 20% off $7, but more importantly...- a brand new Brighton bag ("Corazon") which retailed for $175... for 20% off $25.  (See photo! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LWxSTjV6zybxIZKkSK3SNQ?select=jOuMmwt8bxXIB2RkAjCseA#jOuMmwt8bxXIB2RkAjCseA)  Yup, a gorgeous, older Brighton bag in PERFECT shape for $20.  I've wanted this bag ever since I got into Brighton, which must be about ten years now.  I did a little dance.  (When no one could see me, I did a couple more little dances.)Savers in general can be really hit or miss - the clothing is fairly overpriced, but there are often deals to mitigate that. Most locations have colored tags which denote what will be 50% off that day.  Thursdays, club card members get 20% off, and if you make a donation you also get 20% off.  But the bag is MINE!
1	RIP-OFF ALERT!!!!! Went for a little school clothes shopping - prices are way out of whack - jeans with holes for $18, faded out t-shirts for $2, AND THEN... went to pay for 5 magazines. A sign by the books clearly states: "Magazines 29 cents", only @ the checkout they were marked on the back 99 cents!!! Talked to manager who just said that's their system. Won't be going back. Honesty is NOT company policy.
3	I normally think Savers is a big junk shop. But I did pretty good in this one. 3 cookbooks, 3 San Francisco 49'ers glasses, and couple other odds-n-ends. The store was, busy, clean and loaded with all kinds of stuff. Happy Hunting!
1	This was one of my favorite Savers locations.  Cute clothes at reasonable prices.  However, as of late, talk about price gauging.  Used donated jeans for $50.  Give me a break!  Expressed to manager that their pricing has become unreasonable for used donated clothing.  Would not hear any of my comments.  I was told that jeans were "NEW" even though it did not have any tags and if I looked up the item online I would find the jeans at the same price.  I thought that Savers was categorized as a "Thrift Store".  Since when do you compete with online retailers?   How do you help your community with those on a limited budget.  You are taking advantage!
2	Me thinks not.This place is great when it comes to product or merchandise. I can always and I mean always find something I like. I have a certain routine I follow.My ritual: first shoes/jeans/skirts/then shirts. After that I just start to wander about.They are pretty organized as well by size and category. Which is always a plus.The only downer to this place is that the staff is horribly trained or they just don't give a shiz. 99% of the time the items are marked at half price of the original price. So Ed hardy sneaks are normally $30. Well here they cost $20 or $15, depending on the day you go. My last experience was the final straw though, I went to the shoes found some brand new Reebok. They said $15.00. So I said to myself, "they are so new, they are worth it." I walk up to the register and the lady "the manager" says 'no no, these are $25.00." I said but it says $15. She said, "I am sorry but one of the reps. must have missed priced them." so I say, "can you just honor the price. I mean they are prices by your staff." The manager went on to say," I am sorry ma'am but we have a policy and we have to follow that policy."I ended up asking for corp. number which was a moot point, because they have never called me back and never did anything to rectify the situation. Never again.
2	This place was not great. Quality of items not up to par with what I'm used to at other Savers locations. I never leave empty handed at a thrift store, and if I do, it's because I figure I've been shopping too much lately (but have something in mind I would get otherwise). This place had absolutely nothing that interested me whatsoever. I was so disappointed! I may go back today and give it another shot, but this was more full of junky items than any other thrift store I've ever been to.
5	No shame in my thrift store game! The inventory is turning constantly here, so feel free coming every week. The deals are AH-mazing! The store is clean and the staff is very accommodating and friendly. I love it here!!Poppin' tags!!
5	It's not often if ever that you find a Jimi Hendrix Album at a thrift store. Even rarer is finding the 1967 Polydor U.K. released double album with are you experienced and Axis bold as love. Thanks Savers!
1	I've been visiting this savers along with two other locations regularly (like four times a week at least) because I like to up cycle clothing. The previous months have been great, I've found the most amazing items and at a great price. But since I own so much clothes now, I've been donating a lot of my clothes and other things that I don't use. I think total, I've donated over 60 grocery sized bags. And right now they have a promotion where you get stamps for donating a bag or spending 5 dollars. And I've already filled up one of these stamp cards, but I was one stamp from filling in my next card. And so I go to the front of this savers and I stand there until the nearest cashier notices me( I believe his name was Harvey) and when he does I drop the bag and I go up to him to receive the stamp and he said just so you know next time it has to be a much bigger bag (which is false). And he also refused to stamp my card. I went Into the store to reread the stamp pass card and it says you get a stamp for any donation comparable or larger than a grocery paper store bag. And it was. But it's just like first of all it's a donation and I'm giving you a bag of my own clothes that I bought with my own money and you're telling me it's not enough? First of all, it's free. Second of all, I've been a extremely regular customer to this location, in fact the late shift staff knows me. It's the first time I've been there early and I was astounded by his rude attitude. I honestly will most likely not return to this location even though it's nearest to my house. That is ridiculous. But I did try to solve the problem by calling the store location and telling the person on the phone the problem. But then she said "let me put you on a quick hold" then like a minute later it's another voice. She directly transferred me to the guy I suspected for the bad attitude. And so I had to explain to him the problem and he tries to give me and excuse that they changed the policy and I was telling him that they then have false advertising. He told me I need to bring a 13 gallon bag of clothes filled up to the top. That size is huge! I don't even have that many things to donate any more because I've exhausted my whole wardrobe already!!! And let me just give you guys some perception about how ridiculously stingy this guy is. There are two days a week, Monday and Thursday, where you get 25% your entire purchase. On Tuesday if you are over 55, you get 30% off. And on Monday-Thursday they have 50% off certain colored tagged items. I turned my bag for 20% off ten dollar minimum purchase just in case I wanted an item. That is literally nothing compared to the other days and their specials. And more information about the stamp card is that it's 15 stamps for 30% a purchase. So I've donated 29 bags in the past week. It's just ridiculous.
4	I've been a fan of Savers for a while, but I'm super happy about my latest finds. Generally, I find Savers to be a bit overpriced, but this time I went retail shopping before going to Savers and I was reminded of why I thrift! My kid is growing so I went to the outlets to find some new jeans. I looked in Baby Gap and found a pair that I really liked for $26 .... um ... no. I don't pay that much for my jeans, I'm definitely not paying that for a 9 month old's jeans. I wandered around a bit more and found some okay jeans at Osh Kosh on sale for $10 and I bought them. I know better than to shop retail, but I was desperate (don't judge me! Lol). On the way out, I thought I'd stop by Savers just in case. Sure enough I found 3 pairs of Gap baby jeans for $4 each. I used to think that $4 was high for baby jeans, but man oh man was I wrong! I scooped those puppies up fast enough to make your head turn! Lol I also found a super cute button down baby shirt in great condition for $3. Long story short, this Savers saved me $66 in jeans ($78 for 3 pair at Gap - $12 at savers). Yay!
