3	The building is hideous but I honor and adore what it represents, not only the idea of parliamentary government in general, but the Devolution of 1997-99 and the return of (semi)autonomy to the Scots from Westminster.One thing that I do appreciate about the building are the quotations inscribed in the exterior wall on Canongate, most from Scots such as Burns, Scott, and numerous other native men of letters.  My favorite is from Gerard Manley Hopkins:"What would the world be,Once bereft of wet and wildness?Let them be left,O let them be left,Wildness and wet;Long live the weeds and the wilderness yet."
3	I thought the building was sort of neat, though I understand why people think it is somewhat hideous.  Perhaps not what I would have chosen, but it is an interesting injection of modern architecture in the midst of an historic city.The cut-outs of what I can only think are scotch bottles in the wood paneling of the debate chamber sort of made my day.
1	If there's something us Scots excel at its failure, and the Scottish parliament is the jewel in the crown of our achievements in this field. Half a billion quid for this shite, it looks awful and it's populated by talentless, dimwitted, overweight twats. The leader of the pack, First Minister Salmond, has Scotland's independence from Britain at the top of his one task agenda, and I can only commend his commitment in so publicly misrepresenting the majority of Scotland's population, as quite frankly, we don't give a fuck. If I wanted a chubby, racist, small-minded moron to run my country I'd choose Bernard Manning any day over this cretin, and he's neither Scottish, nor alive.  First Amongst Equals? First Amongst Arseholes more like.As for the rest, I can only imagine that that lot work here because they couldn't make it in Westminster. And given the necessary prerequisites in becoming an MP are a tendency to shamelessly abuse your position and inherent low intelligence, it demonstrates just how low caliber our MSP's really are if they can't even manage that.Take a walk round Wester Hailes or Pilton and then tell me the money was well spent  and the Parliament is worth it, I honestly find the whole thing sickening.
4	The Scottish Parliament has had some stick in its time! OK, I know it looks weird and I know some people hate it, but I don't think it's that bad! Granted I've lived right next to it for the past year and so I might have learnt to like it, but I think the exterior is really quite different and unique. What would have been the point in having a normal parliament building, just like every other one? It's a talking point. It looks AMAZING from above... unfortunately that's not the most common angle to view it from.As well as being something to look at, you can go in and sit in on debates too. I sat in on the anti-smoking debate in July 2006 and it was electric. It's really exciting to watch policies being created...albeit a bit boring after a while. It's definitely worth a visit though.
3	I look at this building and think WTF is actually going on here? Is it a mental hospital? Is it some sort of child's idea of a fort? Why the hell is there bloody bamboo sticks everywhere? It gives me a headache to look at and it makes me feel drunk. Edinburgh has been blessed with so many beautiful, unique historic buildings so I guess it was time we got it wrong. I think to a potential visitor it is worth a visit to admire the hideousness of the building as well as taking a tour inside to learn more about what the Scottish Parliament actually does. It earns extra points because of the role the Scottish Parliament actually plays in a devolved Scotland, it's just a shame they have to do it in such an ugly building.I do like the ponds outside though.
3	"WU DINNAE NEED THEM INGLISH! WU CUN LOOK EFTER WURSEL BUCOZ  WUR A NATION!!!!""FFFFRRREEEEEDDDOOOOOOMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!"The cultural cringe is alive and well.
3	Apparently designed around the image of scattered foliage, The Scottish Parliament building is the centre of a fickle relationship with regards its aesthetics. Tourists are free to roam around its quirky interior and even have a look at the debating hall, although as its a working parliament building opening times and access to specific areas can be limited on short notice.Whether you love it or hate it, the Scottish Parliament building will provoke some interesting conversation and will no doubt have you bending your neck in order to view its protruding features, unorthodox design and eye catching structure.  Head down and have a stare its free to have a look after all.
4	I still don't really understand why so many people felt the need to whinge for so long about The Scottish Parliament's design and the amount of time it took to build and how over budget it was, etc, etc. Granted, the actual cost of building the parliament was preposterously over what it was originally supposed to cost, but all in all, contrary to a lot of popular opinion, I think, the parliament building looks pretty cool, and I have no issues with it whatsoever.I like its modern, mismatched, slanted aesthetic feel, and a bit of crazy modern architecture always goes down well with me. Having a peek in at the debating chamber is definitely worthwhile, plus it's a great place if you're into photography, as there are plenty of nooks and angles for portrait shots and other photo delights.
3	It's disappointing to see the famous Scottish knack for self deprecation in these reviews. I would disagree with one reviewer about the one thing Scotland is good at. It's not "failure", it's negativity. Our ability for self ridicule and constant disparagement might sometimes give wondrous charm (like in our humour) but it can also be really harmful. It also does no one any good to equate the existence of the Scottish Parliament with the call for full Scottish independence. That's fallacious. Just because we have a partly devolved parliament does not mean every Scotsman wants full independence.Some people seem to have reviewed the parliament institution (probably the wrong place to do so) and some have reviewed the building and its facilities. In any case I'm not going to give a review of the building per ce. All I will say is that it is pointless to say this building looks crap end of story. I personally think that whatever your judgement of the building is, it is at least interesting and though provoking. It isn't like the sheer dull IKEAesque monstrosity of Bank of Scotland building on the Royal Mile.The Scottish Parliament building doesn't just house the meetings of the Scottish Parliament. It also offers a small gallery of art with some often half decent exhibitions. It has a cafe, which serves fine good at slightly overly expensive prices. And a shop selling souvenirs of the place. It is also used as a platform for other events such as the Edinburgh Politics Festival (which at the time of reviewing will be starting soon so if you're interested check out the website).It is also possible, in a gesture of greater transparency, to view live debates inside the debating chamber. The Parliament website has full details for upcoming debates and details on how to view them.All in all the place is surprisingly small and if you're there for just a day and don't have anything specific planned out, there admittedly isn't much to do. However as a free attraction, and as such an important part of Scottish politics, there's little reason not to visit, and while you're at it make up your own mind about the architecture.
3	Throughout the years, ever since the establishment of devolution, the discussions around the new (not quite new now) parliament building has always been divided. There has been much criticism of its cost and the fact that the materials are not all from Scotland. Furthermore, some argue that it does not fit into the historic buildings that are in the Holyrood area. At first, I didn't really like the building. It looked out of place and slightly too grey. However as the years have gone by, the Scottish parliament has grown on me. Yes, there are still some issues with the bamboo and the constant up keep of the building but it is quite smart. I prefer the inside to the outside. Inside, it feels airy and open, whilst also being not to over bearing. The main debating chamber is very impressive and is architectural impressive! The offices of the MSPs and the government offices are not as impressive sadly. The public cafe, and the cafe inside the main parliament hub both provide good tasty food. Good tours are provided and the Festival of Politics is hosted here. Defiantly worth a visit to make your mind up on the place.
3	Right, well Scottish Parliament really isn't the most attractive building in Edinburgh and the whole place has been bound up with controversy after controversy, the biggest being that it ended up costing 10 times more than it was originally planned. However, the amount of fuss over it seems to be a bit too much.I came here last year with my friend after the exams had finished and we just came here to have a look around, we found out that you could come in and have a listen to the First Minister's Questions, but you do need to book in advance. Inside Parliament it isn't actually as bad as it looks from the outside, so I would suggest that anyone who isn't the biggest fan, should come and have a look and they may feel slightly different about it.
1	Ugliest building in Edinburgh. I don't think people will ever stop talking about how much it cost.  Poor old Lizzie having that accross from her little pad in Edinburgh. If terrorists went for the place she would probably enoble them.
5	Scottish Parliament is a fantastically architectural ode to brilliance! Among all the controversy surrounding this building's location, design, politics, & cost, we found the final result to be a serene, welcoming piece of modern delight Giving a shout out to nature, we saw many land & sea references. Twig & leaf motifs are cleverly incorporated inside the lobbies and gathering rooms while boat shapes can be seen carved out here & there, esp from the outside......some of the leaves look like boats & vice versa Lots of windows & skylights to offer maximum natural light & even the window frames look like curtains that are being drawn back - very inviting Guided tours are FREE but they only allow in so many at a time so you'll want to get there early to ensure you can get in the same day You'll be taken through the main buildings & get a glimpse of the Parliament auditorium to boot Very enjoyable tour guide, providing lots of great Scottish insight & political history We loved it - but then again, we're cheesy tourists
3	Okay, so I am a bit biased when it comes to the Scottish Parliament. The bazillions of pounds spent on the building's construction did not endear me to its presence, and if I'm perfectly honest I find the exterior totally bogging. I've never seen such an eyesore! Don't get me wrong here. I am a big fan of architecture, just not expensive, bloated, ugly architecture like our own Scottish Parliament. Purists and lovers of the place told me to explore the inside of the building in an attempt to change my mind. Apparently, the interiors are so cool and inspiring that you'd have to be a Luddite not to end your visit with a completely different view. I think I missed the memo, though. I must be a Luddite. The place is like a labyrinth. There's no natural feeling to navigating the building, and myself and a group of other visitors needed to be guided through to the Garden Lobby like a bunch of children (only partly because of security reasons, mostly because we were genuinely unable to find our way around). Attempting to find the loos in this place is like trying to find Shangri La. It seems the designers decided to squirrel away any sensible or practical elements, leaving us to wonder at weird shaped ceilings and wooden sculptural objects hanging off the walls. While desperate for a wee. I couldn't find my way out of the building either - goodness knows what it must be like in a fire emergency. There are some pretty interesting elements to the building, and visually it is engaging and different. It's not your average cement office block. But really? Was it worth all that money and time and faff and nonsense? Pfft!
