4	I believe this restaurant opened recently under this new name.  They used to be called India Palace Cuisine.  I don't know if management changed also, so the food I ate might not be representative of what it was previously.  In any case, I became aware of this restaurant because I received a menu of theirs in the mail with some tantalizing coupons.  They have a decent selection of dishes, but what surprised me were the prices.  Most dishes are between $7-10.  I thought this was suspicious because I'm used to Indian food costing at least 12 bucks.  With prices this low, something has to give, right?  Well as it turns out, the answer is yes and no.  My sister and I ordered Take-Out from here.  We ordered 2 garlic naan and 3 dinner entrees and the total cost was only 28 bucks (including tax).  The best choice was their  eggplant dish (Baingan Bhartha).  The spiciness was just right and flavors were absolutely delicious.  The next best thing we ordered was the Saag Paneer.  This dish was good, but not anything spectacular.  I wish they put more Paneer in it!  The disappointment came in the forum of their Shrimp Vindaloo.  The menu stated "jumbo" shrimp, but the shrimp were actually quite small and the sauce was too tomato-ey and thin.  I would not recommend this dish.  The garlic naans we got, however, were fluffy and tasty and chock full of garlic.  I can't say anything about the service since I didn't dine-in, but when we walked in to pick up our food the waiter was pleasant.  I will definitely order from here again, but I'll be more cautious with my choices.  Honestly, with prices this low I can afford to taste everything at least once!
1	Just got back from Brunch there. We had the buffet for $8. It was not very good compared to other indian brunches we have had -- cheap priced and cheap food. Flavor -- blah. My suggest avoid or avoid the brunch
4	I've visited Tandoor Indian Grill twice, and I plan on visiting it more often in the future.  I've sampled the Lamb Biryani, Lamb Saag, Lamb Korma, and of course their naan.  With the price of chicken and lamb offerings being the same, I always opted for the lamb.I have to say, Tandoor is the best Indian restaurant I've sampled thus far in Pittsburgh.  The dishes are delicious and are not overly spiced as most Indian restaurants tend to do now.  Portions of entrees may be on the smaller side for individuals use to heaping oversized restaurant portions at American chain restaurants such as the Olive Garden, but adding an order of naan definitely left me stuffed.  The price is amazing with dishes at 9-10 dollars.  Also, on Tuesdays all their entrees are half price.However, a combination of the interior and location brings it down to 4 stars.
5	This place is great.  it's a sort of dive, in a bad location and with a no-frills interior, so if those things are not what you're looking for, it's probably best that you go somewhere else.  However, if you want a personal, friendly and inexpensive place that sells great Indian food, by all means go here.  It's the kind of place that we think of as a "joint" and eat at about once a week or so....  especially since entrees are 1/2 price on Tuesdays and 1/2 price carryout on Wednesdays.The food is some of the best Indian that I've had around, not too rich (as much as I love Udipi), and somewhat more authentic than some of the other Indian places around, without going crazy.  At the same time, they are not afraid to put Tandoori Wings on the menu.  Eat here!  It's the kind of place that you can become attached to pretty quickly.
4	This is a re-review, I ordered delivery via campus food and was very impressed with with the quality and quantity . I ordered spice medium and it came that way with a little bit on the hot side -- just right.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala  -- large portion excellent taste. BTW MAIN dishes are 50% off on Thursday DELIVERED if you call the restaurant rather than campusfood
3	I've only ever had their food delivered via campusfood.com, so I cannot comment on the restaurant service. The food is decent, and the portion is generous. The price is also reasonable.
2	The food is all right. I can't say I'm an expert when it comes to Indian food, but I feel like the food is on par with the other Indian restaurants I've been to. I did have their buffet once and a lot of the foods were too salty. I usually go on Tuesdays though, when their main entrees are half off, but it really isn't as good a deal as it sounds. The portions are smaller than at other restaurants, so you're getting what you pay for.  The service the last time I went was ATROCIOUS. The waiter filled half our water glasses & ran out of water in the pitcher, but it took him forever to come back to fill the rest of our glasses. It took him a while to take our order, too, but the restaurant was busy so I'll forgive him for that. While we were ordering, he asked us, "what kind of bread would you like?" as if it were included in the meal, but be warned--it isn't! We were aware of this and ordered naan anyway, but be aware that it isn't half off. Throughout the meal, we had to keep reminding him to refill our waters and when my friend wanted to place an order for our other friend who was showing up late, the waiter asked him to wait for a moment and never came back. We had to flag him down to get the order in. Later, I asked for a take-out box and while my friends were finishing their dinners, I sat there balancing my box on the edge of the table because the table was so full (what's with their gigantic serving platters anyway? Such a waste of space for so little food!) The waiter came by a few times and never thought to clear the table of the empty plates. I feel like these are just basic waiting skills that everyone should know. We also had to wait forever to get the check. Also, they accept credit cards, but will only take 2 from a party (in case you wanted to split the check a bunch of ways & pay with credit).
4	Indian food is my favorite kind of food (and considering I'm French it's kinda funny) and this is one of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh. Their prices are very reasonable and they have many different discount offers going on every week. I highly recommend.
1	This place is absolutely infested with cockroaches (I've seen them myself and an exterminator has confirmed infestation beyond what I could have even imagined). And the food is not very good at all. Yucky! Be on the lookout for health department citations!
1	I normally prefer Prince of India, but I got a $3 off coupon through the Campusfood Facebook game, so I decided to give them a try.  I placed an order at 8:45, taking advantage of their buy one get one free entree deal.  I ordered aloo gobhi, matar paneer, and an order of samosas.  This came to $12.50 before tip.  It said it would take 45 minutes for delivery.After an hour, I called to make sure the driver wasn't lost or something.  The girl who answered the phone said that their driver was very busy and it would take another half hour.  I asked to speak to a manager and explained when I had placed my order and that the delivery time listed was 45 minutes.  He told me the driver would be pulling up to my door any minute (obviously BS, since I hadn't told him my name, address, or what I ordered - he had no idea where I lived and, unless he has some sort of high-tech driver tracking system, no idea where his driver was.)Once the food arrived, it was definitely not the best I've ever had.  The samosa shells were really thick and chewy instead of being flaky.  I ordered both my dishes with a medium spice level and they had plenty of heat but almost no flavor.  The matar paneer was a gross grayish color, and the paneer hadn't been fried so it just fell apart.  The aloo gobhi was better but not great.This whole experience was obviously punishment for straying from Prince of India.  I will definitely stick to ordering from them from now on.
2	The chaat was soupy, but tasted right. Keema Matar just wasn't. I've tried them twice now, and both times there was something off about the sauces. Spicing is heavy and not consistent with the way I've had the same dishes before. For what it's worth, I had no issues with my delivery.
4	Great Indian food! Recently redecorated so feels a little fancier, but still very cozy and candle-lit.  After visiting 2-3 other choices in the area, this is my favorite for Indian food.
1	The buffet is very small and not very good.When I ordered for delivery the portion was very small for how expensive it was (chicken) and the Naan was not fresh.The food was tasty but not worth the price.
3	I usually only go on Tuesday for half-off, so keep that in mind. I've been going there for the past 2 years semi regularly.I would give the food 4stars. You get a lot for the price. The raw onion garnish is a nice touch. Naan is good.I have to give the service 2stars (it used to be better). I understand its half-off, but the service is really unbearable. Its horribly slow. I'm quite patient too. I used to go a lot, but the poor service just keeps me away now.Don't know their official policy, but I've never been charged corkage. I even brought in a case of beer just bought from the distributer around the corner, and they put it in their fridge to keep it cold.
5	Such a pleasant surprise.  Recommended to us by Indian friends as the best in Pittsburgh.  Authentic Indian cuisine, great deals!!! nice service, strong flavors, very fresh.  Even love the wall art!  Second visit just as satisfying as the first.  We'll be back for more dosas/ sambar/ coconut chutney soon.  Thank you Tandoor
2	Pittsburgh has many Indian restaurants, and this one is not worth your time or money. I've visited this establishment on a number of occasions and have with each additional visit become so positively underwhelmed that I do not think I can even try it again.My most recent visit was with my husband and another couple. The visual atmosphere is ok, though the restaurant is really dark. The music is bizarre at best and always makes for a weird sensation. I've not heard any Indian music in my last few visits and this time there was actually metal playing at one point. I'm not keen on the service either. I have a real sore spot for upsellers. I don't want to be told that I'm ordering naan or appetizers or 2 orders of something, as it makes me, the customer, have to be disagreeable with the server. I understand the tactic but believe it to be rude and untoward.Lastly,--and possibly most importantly--the food is not very good. The curries are spiced but are missing something and to my palette taste bland and boring. The portion size is ok but the entrees are overpriced. To make matters worse, they somehow are able to make the driest, most bland Galub Jamun I think I've ever tasted. Nothing to see here; take your taste buds elsewhere.
3	Not very good.  Not horrible, but could be worse.  I would much rather get tender meat and flavorful sauces at other places.  They are cheap and deliver though, so thats nice!
4	I truly enjoyed my experience at Tandoor. The staff was super friendly, the flavors were both fresh and savory. You must order the Samosa's and  garlic naan to start. My curry chicken was also very satisfying. I betcha didn't know they have free WiFi! ;) So get cozy and stay awhile! Don't forget, it's BYOB.
1	I ordered some food for delivery tonight through Campusfoods. It was running late and I noticed the restaurant was about to close, so I called Tandoor. They assured me the order was on its way.A few minutes later I called again and all I got was their answering machine. At this point in the night it was too late to order from anywhere else.This is very sad because I order from them frequently. I know things go wrong with deliveries all the time, but I do have a problem with them telling me something that was not true.
3	The food is actually good, when it is good. This was my to go food when at CMU, because one, I was poor, so doing the specials was a good deal (I could make a few meals out of it. I am a small girl) and two, they'd deliver to campus where I could share with a friend. The food's quality does fluctuate though. What I am really not happy about is their delivery service. Definitely agree with the other reviewers on this. Sometimes it takes SO long that the food gets watery from sweating in the box and the naans get soggy or dry. Do the pick-up if you want cheap Indian food. It's not bad at all taste-wise for the price!
1	Closed? Thank goodness.
