2	Took a dress and some pants for dry cleaning. The lady at the counter and I had some difficulty understanding each other. It took about three minutes (and as many tries) just to give her my phone number. Then she wanted my name. I handed her my license to save time, but she didn't have her glasses on. Augh.Finally got a chance to ask about a dress that had a broken zipper pull. She said they'd have to replace the zipper. Why would anyone replace an entire zipper just because the pull has broken off? I was tired of using a paper clip in its place. I just want a zipper pull.She quoted me $4.95 to dry clean the pants and to expect a call from the woman in charge of alterations for a quote on the dress. No thanks. I will go to my cheap dry cleaner and find someone who can install a darn zipper pull.
5	The other reviewer is an idiot. This place is great and I only go here. Yes, it costs more than a normal cheap place but those cheap places all use chemicals that are very bad for your health. Do some research, when u wear dry cleaned clothes u breath in the chemicals that were used and they're some nasty stuff. If u want truly environmentally friendly care and ur concerned about ur health than this is the place. Yes the store operator is a little challenging to understand at first but she is such a nice lady and a really good person.
5	The service is quick, there are discounts of paying upfront, and you avoid the health issues that come along with dry cleaning chemicals. I've been a long-time customer and have found that I'm treated like an A-list client even though I don't have that much dry cleaned, and that's key.Before you go somewhere else, ask yourself if it's really worth saving $0.50 in exchange for breathing in perchloroethylene, glycol ethers, decamethylcyclopentasiloxane and whatever other chemicals your cheaper cleaner will cover your clothes in. Think about especially long and hard if you have a little one at home.
5	Tailoring, I mean "real" tailoring is a lost art in America. The so called tailors at department stores and places like Jos. A Bank and Mens Wearhouse are OK for the basics like hems and minor tapering, but they balk at the big jobs, the real tailoring (and they take 2-3 weeks!). The tailor at Fashion Fit is a real tailor. Her work has been nothing but impeccable for the years that I have used her. Pants, heavy coats, suits & sports jackets.... everything. I cannot think up a single complaint. Her skill level shows that she has been doing this for decades. She deconstructed a sport coat for me and re-made it to fit me like a bespoke jacket. And she did it in three days, and for a very reasonable price. I don't often comment on other's reviews, however "Stacie R" seems to have a few personal issues that effected her experience here. I have never had an issue with communication here. The shop is a bit small, but after all it is a dry cleaner too. I don't keep coming back for the social atmosphere. I keep coming back for the quality tailoring. The Bottom Line: exceptional tailoring skills, very fast service, and at a reasonable price.
