3	Have always been a regular customer of Boots - brilliant for all your health & beauty needs ! Great meal deal offer as well ! :)
5	Boots on Princes Street has got to be the best place in Edinburgh to go shopping for all your skincare and make-up needs. The store is bright and well laid out, with the products displayed in a logical and inviting way; I often end up spending a good hour in here after only popping in for a bar of soap. Stock ranges from the ultra expensive premium brands to bargain basement essentials, but as Boots is a brand you can trust even the cheap stuff meets certain standards when it comes to quality. It almost goes without saying that the staff are brilliant: they are obviously well trained and everyone seems to be happy to be at work, nothing is too much trouble and I never feel like I'm being a pest by asking questions about a potential purchase. Other cosmetics stores take note!
5	I love Boots. From their meal deal to the make up to the Christmas gifts, this shop makes me giddy. And to top it all off the advantage card is one of the best loyalty schemes on the High Street. I am always amazed that a lot of men don't clue into this and think it's too girly to have in their wallet. My male flatmate buys a meal deal here everyday and I have tried explaining to him that if you buy 5 in a month you get on free as well as points, but it just goes over his big fluffy head. I rather enjoy the ridiculous Christmas gifts they stock. Everything looks so nice and useful and I always end up buying things for myself. Like sure I should buy myself a Starbucks coffee kit or a Pizza lovers kit. If you go a couple of days after New Year all the Christmas stuff is reduced by a further 75% which is bargain-alicious. This store has a great range of cosmetics too. I love the Too Faced brand and the girl who floats around nearby is always more than helpful. Boots is just one of those British brands that you can't help but love.
5	This is one of the largest Boots chains in the City and basically has everything you can want from this chemist. Spread over two floors you will find your prescription's corner, photography printing (upstairs), cosmetics booths, food and everything else in between. It seems a bit understaffed (particularly when you need something) but the signs make our lives easier as to where things are. I like this particular store because I have always found what I wanted so far and even though it's huge it's not overwhelming.
3	Boots is a great franchise, it's really really great value for money and always delivers. But not this one! I'm sorry, I really don't like it! It's really small and always busy. One of my favourite things about Boots is their really good lunch deal but they have always run out when I go in here! So I have to go to the much bigger and better branch on North Bridge. They usually have most of the stock (apart from Sandwiches)  and it's great value for money.
5	Lemon drizzle cake, and at this branch in particular, the most enthusiastic and professional assistant manager I have ever seen. He even called me sir, but that's probably because I had a suit on and didn't look as homeless as I normally do.I love Boots, as does everyone else it seems.
4	Boots do not sell boots, if you're after boots you'll be disappointed in Boots. They do however dispense prescriptions and sell lipstick, not that I wear lipstick, in public, on weekdays. Seriously, what's to say about Boots? Boots is an institution, staff are generally very friendly and helpful, one in this store has actually taken a look at various ailments of mine in order to recommend the most appropriate tincture. Excellent.
5	I can't believe I am the first person to review this Boots because it is the flagship Boots store, or so it seems to me. It is the trendy, upmarket, expansive, and biggest Boots in central Edinburgh. You walk in past the large perfume section and then you reach CHOICE. You go to Boots because it has all of the everyday things you need and, usually, you drop in on its convenient locations. On Prince's Street, this one is both convenient while shopping and also offers a large store with so much choice and selection that it completely surpasses the other stores. In addition, the staff are super friendly and it is open until 7pm (I know, those of us from elsewhere think this feels like closing at midday, but for Edinburgh this is quite an achievement when everything else in sight has its lights out by 6!).This is the Boots to come to!
4	when it comes to make up, toiletries, and  vitamin needs there is no place else to go except boots.  especially this boots as it's huge!  over two floors with designer make up counters, a full pharmacy, and a number of print your own photo stations this shop basically has everything that i might ever need.  i can buy my new powder compact, get some vitamins, a new nail polish, body wash for the shower, hand lotion, print some pictures, get a new hair dryer, and even buy lunch if needed.  seriously, how could i not be a fan of this shop!what makes me a bigger fan is that when i went in the other day to make an emergency make up purchase (sadly my powder compact had a rather painful collision with the tiled floor sending the powder everywhere...) i was served at the clinique counter immediately being given my new powder and lip gloss and offered a boots advantage card deal if i chose to buy a third item.  i declined as i don't have a boots card and the girl offered to set me up one, but when i said no again she wasn't pushy and just rung up my purchases.  so i had my whole purchase and had paid in probably about 5 minutes from walking through the front doors.  so awesome as i hate waiting around!
3	This is my favorite Boots in all the city. It has everything you would ever need for medical supplies if we ever have a zombie apocalypse. There are a few floors with everything from eye prescriptions to expensive colognes. Its got to be the biggest Boots in the whole city I think I cant imagine what else you would have in a Boots if it was bigger then this one. I guess you could get a floor dedicated to surgeries or something.   Theres a giant section for guys stuff and an even bigger one for the ladies. The only drawback on Boots is it can get expensive while shopping there so while your browsing be careful! The stuff adds up so you are warned! The staff is always helpful I dont think I have ever met a grumpy staff member, but they must have a lot as I never recognize anyone there. Other then that over all a good store and I usually go here.
3	Here's the thing: Boots is a great place for finding decent cheap make-up BUT their prices are not as cheap as SuperDrug down the street for many items. BUT they have a nice loyalty scheme and they have their own-brand lines which are really good value. This branch has some larger, department store lines like Clinique, Estee Lauder, Benefit and so on. Replete with the overly-made-up sales girls. The looks these ladies employ always put me right off but their customer service is quite good. This branch also has an optometrist, a hearing aid service and a very good minor ailments department. If you find something in here you want, try a look in at SuperDrug down the street to make sure the price is what it should be, because often it won't be, otherwise, enjoy!
3	I'm a bit of a Boots addict and needed to stop in for some travel-sized items while in Edinburgh. This is a pretty big Boots store. It's well-stocked, has loads of employees around and is pretty busy, but overall I had a good experience. There's two floors to it as well, so I imagine when you go in you can get whatever health items you may need; I just popped in for some allergy medication and hairspray so I wasn't in long. The queues were taken care of really quickly and the staff seemed pretty friendly and cheerful, which is always a good sign.
