5	I just love Barro's Pizza, and I am not just talking about this location. I have been to about 6 different locations and they stay constant which is not always the case with other places. The food is always fresh and I have never had a pizza or wings that I would have sent back to the kitchen. The breadsticks are soft and taste really good with the cheese and garlic on top of it. The pizza sauce taste great on everything including the breadsticks. The hot wings come in bone in and boneless fashion and both are just as good as the other.The Environment differs a little from location to location as far as the number for Tvs for the adults but there is always sports playing so go here to watch the game. I also love that each location has a play area for the kids and their own Tv playing cartoons or movies. It includes a play kitchen and legos. It also has a few games for them to play and pass time while the adults finish their meal. There is often specials that are sent in the mail where you can get an X-Large pizza and 24 hot wings for about 23 dollars. If you dont get the coupon just ask for the special and say you read about it on Yelp :)
4	This review is only on delivery and customer service. I live in Oklahoma, though I grew up in the valley, and grew up on Barro's Pizza. My kids are in AZ visiting grandma for the summer, and I wanted to surprise them and order pizza for them after a long day at the pool. I called Barro's and explained what I wanted to do. The girl that helped me was super friendly and said it was no problem. I told her how much I wanted to add for gratuity and that all I wanted was for someone to be able to sign for the order. She said "no problem" and even asked if I wanted to include a message. She was great. The pizza arrived within 40 minutes and my kids were super surprised and called to tell me how delicious it was. They got my message and said the driver was really nice and told my daughter all she had to do was sign the credit card slip. The order couldn't have gone any smoother. I am so happy that my favorite pizza place could help me treat my kids! They were so great!
3	Good pizza. Great garlic cheese bread.
4	Amazing pizza! They have the best lunch special a slice of pizza, salad and soda. Great price and great food. Staff very nice and the restaurant very clean. Can't wait to go back. Delivery service also great and speedy service and have used that many times.
4	pretty dang good, I was pleasantly surprised with the wings! they were crispy and well fried, the way I like them.
3	Order Delivery tonight. First off when I called I was asked if I could please hold ad before I could even answer I was put right on hold. I held on hold four And a half minutes. I placed my order and was told it would be 45 Minutes to an hour before It Would be delivered. No problem I expected that on a Saturday night. The pizza was awesome. So it makes it worth the hold time.
5	I'm a big fan of Barro's Pizza!  Great pizza!  Great service!  Great all together at this location!  They even deliver very fast!  The crust is awesome!  Cheese is awesome!  I enjoy going there as well!  Get my favorite booth and watch the game!  Why wouldn't you like this place?
5	My favorite pizza in town. Decently priced but if you're looking for cheap pizza it's not for you. Definitely worth the money though!
4	Went in because they have gluten free pizza and those that needed it were impressed. I on the other hand prefer my pizza with extra gluten and I really enjoyed it. The crust is nice and crisp and the toppings are plentiful. They have an area where the kids congregate so I would stay away from there unless you have kids with you or like watching parents let their kids roam free. The pizza is good though so stay away from the kids area and you are good.
1	Messed up my order and delivered it 2 hours late. This was from the Powers location in Mesa. Is it really that hard to make and deliver a pizza. Obviously this place is in need of new management. I think his name was Rocky. Never ordering from this place again.
5	We have been eating Barro's for years and they have never disappointed. I don't know that I have ever actually eaten in, I have always had delivery or pickup. We typically look at the online specials and go from there. Tonight, we ordered an ex large 1 topping pizza with 24 wings (tommy like wingy) totaling just under 30 doll hairs.There were 3 adults and 3 kids and there are plenty of left overs so I like to believe it is a good amount of food for your buck, but most important, the price and quality coincide very complementary. We are huge fans of their wings and in fact, I have formed a pretty special bond with their medium extra crispy ones. I also really like the amount of cheese used (heavy) on the pizza's and they don't spare on the toppings either.Over all, it's always a great eat!
1	I hope Management at this place reads this! Went to pick up a to go order and could not find a single employee in the place to check me out. I could see my order on the counter so I proceeded to wait 5 mins. at the counter patiently for someone to help. After an "additional" 5 mins. (10 mins now) I began to look around for someone. There was a little window to the back were they make the food so I kept saying excuse me several times in hope someone would hear me. I could hear voices in the back but could not see anyone. I finally had to whistle to get the employees in the back attention. When two woman came around the corner they looked at me pissed off like how dare I get their attention in such a way. I told the lady who came out that I had been waiting a while and just wanted to pick up my order. The lady did not apologize at all, but simply completed my transaction and then gave me a smart a$$ Have A Nice Day respond!
5	This is the best pizza that I've had in Arizona.  From a chain.  Shocked me.  The only way to get a pizza that isn't completely AMAZING back in CT or NY is to go to a chain restaurant.The wings are ok.  Most places have bad wings.  These are just ok.  Which is kinda bad, because wings are expensive.  Oh well, have the pizza.  It's in the name of the restaurant.  Thanks for the celery.  That's a requirement!
