4	This isn't "the best ______ I ever had" kind of a restaurant but your solid, go-to delivery/take out/dine-in solution. If you live in squirrel hill, this is your neighboorhood chinese place, period. If you are having a bad day, you should get the spare ribs, shrimp with broccoli, maybe some lo mein. It's the kind of place that's easy to take for granted because it's not in fact extraordinary or unique- until you find yourself looking for a well-priced chinese delivery place that is better than okay, that is actually very good. They aren't easy to come by. I've moved around quite a bit over the years- new york state, pittsburgh, italy, florida, and now los angeles. Best food? italy. Best chinese delivery? Definitely new dumpling house. And not just delivery, it's actually a very comfy place to eat and close to all your squi-hi destinations.I get cravings sometimes, especially for the vegan orange chicken-- and I'm not a vegan. I'm not even a vegetarian, I just shared it with a vegan friend once and was hooked. It's just like a really good orange chicken but kinda creamy in the middle and without any funny little cartiledge bits. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.......
3	I came here on a weekend morning with a group of friends looking for dimsum.It was okay. They had the usual fare: radish cakes, shrimp shyu mai (with the red dot on top). It wasn't memorable. It wasn't bad, it wasn't particularly good.It doesn't come out on carts ( I have yet to find a place that has cart dim sum in Pittsburgh). Instead, you order small plates from a menu in one big batch. Compared to the dim sum I've had in my lifetime (Rockville/D.C. and the Bay Area/CA), it would get two stars. I don't think there are many places that serve dim sum in Pittsburgh though, so in that case, it probably deserves four stars on Pittsburgh standards. Which means, I average to three stars...
2	Icky poo. I've been here twice, once for dinner and once for dim sum. It has a griminess that I dislike. Food is overly sweet. Dim sum is overly greasy. No carts with women yelling at you in Cantonese. I suppose the sweetness of the food is probably to appeal to American tastes? Dim sum is marginally better than dinner, though I felt as though the servers resented us ordering it. There are far better Chinese food options in the Squill.
3	My husband Rick and I had not been to the New Dumpling House in a long time.  Our favorite place is actually Silk Pagoda for either dine-in or delivery.  But with Rick having dental surgery yesterday and still recuperating (but with his appetite back!), we decided to have Chinese tonight.  He still wasn't up to going out anywhere and needing to get out of the house for a few minutes, I wanted a place I could walk to.  New Dumpling House is only a couple of blocks away.Rick naturally wanted just some soup.  His taste buds were just waking up, but I decided he should have something mild.  So he ordered the egg drop soup.  I prefer my Chinese food a little plainer, so I played it safe and ordered the Chicken With Snow Peas  The chicken and the soup were good, but nothing really spectacular.  New Dumpling House is certainly fine if you're in the area or if you don't have a lot of time.  But next time we'll stick with Silk Pagoda!
4	Good sushi at an affordable price. I've both eaten in and gotten take out (which is lightning fast!). Recommend the house roll!
2	we drove by this place after going to the waterfront, and thought ... oh cool, some comfort food for our sore throats.  sitting down, the thing we noticed first was...where the are the dumplings on the menu?  there were colorful pictures of sushi, descriptions of americanized chinese food, and other things....but what about the dumplings?   we also didn't see any chopsticks.  and those little sauce containers with the "sweet and sour sauce" and hot mustard sauce did NOT have covers on them.   kinda unsanitary if you ask me...must've been been for the crazy rush to dip that shit during dim sum.we did find dumplings (only a few items, not to warrant a name on the facade), and upon ordering it, realized this isn't quite what dumplings are supposed to be.  it was rich, thick and super-meaty, and doesn't come in a bamboo steam container with ginger.  the seafood dish we had was much better, and they served tea, which was saving grace.    check it out if you like, but if you come to LA, i can show you a few that will knock your socks off.
2	It's kind of misleading to call it New Dumpling House when their selection dumplings is rather limited... but that's why NDH receives only two stars from me.You'd think that a place that promotes their dumplings in their name would have decent dumplings, and you'd be terribly, terribly wrong. My girlfriend and I ordered fried pork dumplings, Imperial dumplings, and two orders of Szechuan dumplings. The fried pork dumplings came in dough so thick that it was like eating a bun, and not a dumpling. The meat was heavy, dry, stringy, and salty. The Imperial dumplings skin was okay, but still below average. The meat was flavorless and dry. The Szechuan dumplings were more similar to wontons, which would have been fine, but they came drenched in sesame oil and covered with peanut satay sauce. They were not, as the restaurant said, spicy at all. The meat in the dumplings themselves were passable, but the sauce just killed the dish. This is to say nothing about the griminess and rudeness of the server.Save yourself the experience; if you really want dumplings, Chinatown Inn has pretty good wontons late night.
1	This place has some of the worst dumpings I've ever had.  It tastes like everything has been frozen previously and just thawed/boiled and then dumped on your plate.  Everything is extremely greasy and chewy and I would not go again.
4	decent sushi and amazing mock chicken dishes, regular chinese food is sub-par.
5	Hands-down the best sushi in Pittsburgh. Forget Sushi Two, Nakama, and all the other overrated, over-priced Japanese steakhouses. New Dumpling house has everything (Chinese, Japanese and Dim Sum) and it's all amazing. But the sushi and sashimi is absolutely the best in town.The spicy salmon rolls are a personal favorite, but the specialty rolls can go head-to-head with some of my NYC favorites.Seriously fantastic sushi.
2	We ordered takeout from here last week, for part 7 of our "Try every Chinese restaurant in Squirrel Hill" challenge.  And sadly, NDH has landed toward the bottom of the pack.The food was ready when they said it would be, and we brought it merrily back to our apartment.  And here is what we got:Szechuan Dumplings in Hot Sesame Sauce:  What?  This dish did not in any way resemble its advertised qualities.  The dumplings were essentially firm balls of pork, wrapped in flimsy dumpling wrappers, and coated in what tasted much more like a peanut sauce than a "hot sesame sauce."  The dish looked sloppy and tasted okay...for hard pork ball dumplings in peanut sauce.  Which is not what we wanted, so yeah.  No.Yaki Udon: This dish did arrive as advertised, in that it had scallops, shrimp, vegetables, and noodles.  But I just found it really bland, lacking the delicious savory umami quality that makes me want to slurp up the whole bowl.  Seafood was a little tough in texture, and the "vegetables" were essentially grated strips of carrot tossed in.  That was disappointing since part of why I ordered this was because I wanted some vegetables in the dish.  Again, no.General Tso's Chicken: This is hard to mess up, and they didn't.  Crispy, sweet, sticky chicken with a few bits of broccoli in there for good measure.  Lots and lots of sauce.  So frankly, nothing exciting to report, just a Chinese-American standard.All in all, too pricey for what it was, the ingredients seemed low-quality, and there was nothing super delicious at all.  Mostly blah.  We probably won't be back.
1	Worst dumplings I've had in my life. The skin is so thick, and the filings fall out like a rock.  I can make playdough dumplings that taste better than this.
4	New Dumpling House has the best dim sum in Pittsburgh, hands down.  I've been enjoying their gourmet dumplings and appetizers for over a decade.  My wife and I chose them to cater our wedding, and they did not disappoint, all our guests have raved about the food nonstop ever since.  The roast pork bun and sesame dumplings are my favorites, but all the dim sum here is delicious, you can't go wrong with any of it.  The sushi and standard chinese food are good, but the dim sum is where they really shine.
4	A very good place for dinner.
3	I have only had food delivered, but the quality is pretty good, and they always arrive sooner than we ever expect! The Vegatarian Paradise is one of my solid choices- fresh veggies but could use more sauce on the tofu. The sushi is actually pretty good, and I usually steer clear from sushi at Chinese/Japanese hybrid joints. If they did the sushi with brown rice I would def give them 4 stars- I wish I could do 3.5! Pretty good prices too. Places that deliver are sometimes hard to find here in the ' burgh, so this place is a nice, solid choice for safe, not too crazy or over the top food.
2	I went here on the recommendation of a friend, who said this place was the best you could get for your money when it comes to sushi. We went during lunch time and I was sorely disappointed by everything from the rude reception the taste in my mouth hours later, aside from the free crackers that come on every table.  The sushi options sound nice on the menu, but the quality of the fish was not high enough for how long the fish had obviously been sitting in the back. (The freshest sushi I've found, at a low price, has been at Tokyo and Whole Foods, though the latter puts way too much avocado in everything) Finally, when we went to pay the man at the counter was kind of snippy for no reason, again. Apparently, other people enjoy this place, but I can't afford to pay for crappy sushi twice just to find out if it was a one time deal.
5	OMG, I wasn't expecting such an amazing dining experience!  The service and waitress was superb!The Sushi was the freshest I have had in Pittsburgh & the General Tso's (which I order from almost every Chinese restaurant) was the best I have ever had.  Even had the option to get brown rice for no additional cost, this Dumpling House was the best!!!
1	I used to order from there about 5+ times a week UNTIL I ate there with a girlfriend and a roach crawled across my food. Yes. a huge ROACH. When I showed the owner she nodded like seeing a roach isn't that abnormal. We immediety left.   On another occasion my boyfriend had what looked like a larvea in his soup. Never again. Never again.
1	"It's irony when "Dumpling" is in the name of the restaurant and the dumplings they serve are just so awful... right?"  That's what my wife and I were lamenting to each other after our first and only visit to the New Dumpling House.With a craving for dim sum, my family and I set out for Squirrel Hill to check out the special weekend menu at New Dumpling House.  Boy, were we disappointed.  We had very high hopes with a special dim sum menu only offered on Friday, Saturday and Sunday afternoons.  With items of names we recognize like siu mai, fried bean curd roll (with shrimp even!), red bean buns and on and on.  Service was a bit odd.  The place for a Saturday lunch service wasn't all that busy.  There were 2 servers for the restaurant with only about 3 or 4 tables taken up.  We could not understand why it took so long for our waiter to greet us, get us a dim sum menu and then for the food to arrive.There were crispy noodles with sweet and sour sauce and hot mustard already on the table when we arrived.  Totally a throw back to the 70s and 80s for me going to the Chinese restaurant in our neighborhood.  The crispy noodles that were free with our meal was probably the 2nd best thing on our table according to my wife - I totally agree.When the crispy noodles were gone, the food arrived.  And again, it was a huge disappointment all around.  Here's how it all went down:* siu mai - microscopic portions of 4 dumplings, tasted just a little bit off which is not good considering it's pork and shrimp.* steamed BBQ pork bun - the wrapper just looked plastic - my wife tells me the filling was good.* steamed red bean bun - the filling was OK, wrapper was a problem* sichuan dumplings in hot sesame sauce - the dumpling filling was good, the wrapper had the consistency of mucus and the "hot sesame sauce" was basically creamy peanut butter.* crispy bean curd roll - the shrimp was a surprise, but this was by far the only decent thing we ordered.  It wasn't great enough to have us come back, but at least something was decent.  Though we were lured in with the promise of dim sum with a special menu and all, we left New Dumpling House $20 lighter.  The price was right but we won't be returning.The search for dim sum in Pittsburgh rolls on...
3	New Dumpling House can best be described as a go to place when you want Chinese food to go.  It's the kind of place you order from when you and your significant other are staying in on a Saturday night.  My husband Rick and I were doing just that, winding down our Halloween horror movie fest in our Netflix queue.New Dumpling House is best when you stick to the basics--you know, Americanized Chinese food.  Whereas Rick went for the Kung Pao Chicken, my tastes generally run towards more milder food.  I went with my old standby, chicken with snow peas.  And of course we had egg drop soup and egg rolls for appetizers!  Well like I said, this place isn't very original and I highly advise sticking with the basics.  But the food was the perfect accoutrement for watching the original "Frankenstein" and "Bride of Frankenstein".
1	My first 1-star review. Why include the word "dumpling" in the name when you have hardly any dumplings on the menu? .:. Came here for dim sum and was not happy. In retrospect, the pad thai on the dim sum menu should have warned me. The pork was incredibly dry, the shu mai tasted plastic, the red bean buns were pre-packaged/microwaved (recognized the wrapper), and I had to actually dip into the crispy noodles in order to satiate myself. Then I ate all the fortune cookies for our table. No qualms with the fast service (hence the 1 star) but I'm afraid that's more due to lack of diners.
1	Never again! I went there two weeks ago on a Sunday night - and I forgot my shades there after dinner (not bright, I know). I realized that the same night though when I got home, and called at opening the very next day - they guy says "no sun glasses".  I decided to stop by after work to talk to them in person. They now say: "plenty of sun glasses found", and open a drawer full of cheap sun glasses. My Ray Bans are not in there. Very long story short: they claim they don't have them, immediately said that I forgot them somewhere else and got very defensive and unfriendly right away and wouldn't let me talk to the waitress. Someone there obviously took them and they seem not concerned that they have thieves working for them (or are thieves themselves). I am so disappointed and disgusted with them.
4	I love New Dumpling House! This is not a trendy lil sushi joint though, just to be clear. I like it because you never have to wait to be seated, even on a weekend night. I want to preface this by saying that I only get sushi here because I am not a fan of Chinese food in general. I do love that they have both though, because it makes it easy to go with my vegetarian/vegan friends that DO like Chinese food. NDH is awesome for quick take out but I enjoy dining in as well. The service can be slow at times, but their percentage is usually higher for good service than bad. Better with only a couple as opposed to groups, I'd say. I almost always get miso soup, a small salad with ginger dressing, and 2-4 sushi rolls, depending on my appetite. I adore their Philadelphia roll, and usually get the asparagus roll or something similar. Let me also point out that they have stiff alcoholic drinks! I really enjoy getting the zombie. Love it.Oh, they have awesome lunch specials too!
4	The sushi isnt bad for dine in or take out chinese food i give this place a thumbs up.  Lunch specials are great.
2	This place is very average. Sushi delivery is why this place didn't get 1 star. With so many other choices in Squirrel hill, why go here? Staff are kind and knowledgeable; they appreciate you business. But the food is very...plain. Nothing special comes out of this kitchen and sushi is the poorest you can get that is still alright. To be sure, you will be getting fatty tuna in lieu of tuna, dark meat chicken instead of white meat (you need to request white meat). Not worth finding a place to park other than you can shop at the record store located above the restaurant. Skip it unless you must have sushi NOW!!!!!!! Then get it.
1	This place is horrible! Ginger duck was gross and other dishes were bland. I will never be returning here.
2	Very Americanized; haven't tried the sushi, but why would you eat sushi at a Chinese restaurant?
3	Friendly staff, casual atmosphere, but a bit pricey. Pretty good vegetarian options, though their sauces can make everything taste the same. Their seafood soup is fantastic. Never had their dumplings.
4	OK, my Pittsburgh friends pick this place for good chinese food and I see the reviews and wonder why?  But it turns out that we didn't order chinese dumplings, but vegetarian dishes and lo and behold, they are pretty good.  Eggplant with garlic was just right.  The vegetarian paradise was a huge plate and excellent.  The vegetarian yellow bird was big tofu wrapped mushrooms, although it was a bit too salty.  The ma po tofu was silken tofu and nicely hot.  The hot and sour soup was neither hot or sour enough and needed green onions.  Overall, we thought the food was good.
1	My chief problem with this place is the fact that they store your credit card information even when you ask them not to.  Oftentimes, our delivery would take a very long time to get to us and we would have to call to follow up on it.  Nobody speaks English very well and giving your order over the phone is frustrating to say the least.  As far as dining in, we did it one time and the service was slow... painfully slow... despite the fact that we told our server that we were in a hurry (and the place was dead).  The waiters were rude when we asked about our food and reiterated that we were on a time constraint.Never again.
2	They have seriously gone downhill. Their Hot and Sour soup is still the best, and their chicken dumplings are still quite good but everything else just downright blows. We ordered tofu and black mushrooms and it was inedible (not that they cared). Sweet beyond belief in a sauce that was clearly from a mix or jar. The Moo shu used to be good but we've had it a couple of times recently and it gets worse and worse, greasier and less taste. They seem to have started just adding sugar and grease to their food. I would bet that their cooks have gone and they have hired inexperienced people who don't know what they are doing. Also, their servers need to learn some skills, I tried VERY hard to order steamed fish there and they REFUSED to serve it to me claiming that as an "American" I wouldn't "Like" it. F--- you, I'm NOT an American and yes I DO LIKE steamed fish. I was so frustrated and it was a family dinner that I ordered the sashimi hoping to avoid the sugar and condescension. It was okay sashimi but clearly not very fresh.
5	Great for vegetarians and sushi lovers. We really enjoy this place every time we go to Pittsburgh and we have both of those in our family. They have something on the menu for everyone, including my picky son. We recently discovered the salt and pepper green beans, absolutely love the vegetable dumplings. Their vegetarian entrees are great too. I even enjoyed the Szechuan shrimp. The waitstaff is always friendly and doesn't mind that they sometimes have to accommodate our large groups and even joke around when the kids order the "Sprint" (typo for "Sprite") off of the menu.
5	I am really picky and I live this place. The staff are friendly and the food is good and they deliver.
4	I recently went here with a friend. In all fairness, my rating hovers somewhere between 3 and 4 stars, but I'm more inclined to lean towards 4, if only because my feelings toward this restaurant are sort of indifferent, and others have really liked the dumplings I ordered. The atmosphere, while alright, was kind of affected by the fact that there was nobody else in the restaurant. I ordered their house salad (with a ginger dressing), a vegetable egg roll, and my friend and I ordered 3 orders of vegetable dumplings (despite being appetizers, they're fairly big!). I thought the egg roll was quite good, and they had a generous serving of spicy mustard and duck sauce already on the table. The salad was alright, but a little wilted. As for the dumplings, reactions were a bit mixed. I thought they were just alright (perhaps the non-vegetable egg rolls are a bit better), but my friend really liked them.Service was fairly good. I think the waiter had a little bit of trouble understanding some of what we were saying/ordering, but that did not factor that into my rating. If you're thinking of trying the New Dumpling House for the first time, I would give this restaurant a shot. It did not, however, stand out.
4	I don't know how they do it but this place has some of the fastest delivery times.  Even living in greenfield it would still get there in 30. Love their vegetarian options and I'm not even a vegetarian anymore ha.  Crab rangoons are the best ever and the fake orange beef is amazing.
3	I've been to the New Dumpling House several times in the past and recently went with a friend on a Sunday early evening. The restaurant was completely empty other than those working there and one guy who came in to pick up take-out as we were on our way out.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is underwhelming and actually makes the overall experience a bit unappetizing as does the fact that there are bowls of crispy wonton strips and uncovered containers of duck sauce and hot mustard out on every every table which made me question how fresh and sanitary that is.  My friend ordered green beans with brown sauce which was tasty but she ordered it medium spicy and it had no kick to it whatsoever.  I ordered vegetable pad thai but asked if I could also add tofu and the server said yes.  I also ordered it medium spicy.  My dish was bland and the noodles were undercooked.  The only "vegetables" in it were some shredded carrots and a small handful of what appeared to be canned mushrooms, which I picked out.  Overall the experience was just okay.  I would return if I was in the neighborhood and someone suggested it but will not make a special trip to eat there again.  My rating is actually more like 2.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous.
5	My review is based on the service, not the food (just haven't tried enough yet to know how it is - usually stick with sushi). When you first sit down you have an appetizer, sometimes something different, with a whole pot of tea. Included. When I went with a friend who wasn't ordering, they still treated her like a guest and paying customer bringing her tea, oranges, fortune cookie, etc. The servers are kind and attentive. I had the combo sushi rolls and was surprised to get soup and a salad as part of the meal. I thought I was only paging for the sushi. I had the whole dinner for $16. (3 sushi rolls, salad, soup, tea, appetizer, oranges, fortune cookie).
