5	This studio is the top of the line in education and they offer many unique programs you can't find anywhere else!Their store is also a completely original thing of beauty!  You're find original and hand made clothing and products that are not available anywhere else!Great place!
5	How awesome is Plaza de Anaya? It's so awesome that I drive up there from Tucson at least once a week! The owners are sweet, helpful, and supportive of their fellow dancers. They've collected a huge amount of Phoenix-area dance talent to teach a stunning variety of classes, everything from belly dance fundamentals to advanced tribal style to palm flames. The class offerings change a bit in each 8-week session, so there's always something new to learn.In addition to the 8-week class sessions, they frequently offer workshops, both from local teachers offering a little something extra, and from big-name dancers that they bring in. Add to that numerous community events for dancers and musicians, and there's pretty much never a weekend where there's not something fun to do at the studio.And the shopping... wow! Plaza de Anaya offers a huge selection of costuming separates, mostly appropriate for tribal and fusion style dancers, and a lot of stuff that is great for class wear/student recital wear, too. There's also bindis, hair clips, jewelry and other great accessories. New stock comes in often, and if you're looking for a specific size and color, they're always happy to order it for you. Prices are comparable to shopping on-line, sometimes even better, and you can try it on before you buy.Add all this together and you get a dance destination that is well worth the drive from anywhere in the state of AZ, even if it's just to drop in for a workshop or a bit of retail therapy. I hope I'll see you there!
5	Plaza de Anaya ROCKS - I have taken several classes and workshops there.  The instructors are all very helpful and it is a real chill and fun way to learn about the art of belly dancing!  The people that take classes help everyone fit right in and feel like you belong.  If you have ever wanted to take a dance class, any age, any size, anybody can do this and have fun!!!
