4	This is up there in my top 5 thrift stores. While it doesn't have a lot in the way of furniture (a few pieces downstairs), it has plenty of everything else. My first visit was meant to be a short browse, but it turned into a marathon 2.5 hour shop. There were shelves and shelves of bric-a-brac to sort through, kitchen supplies galore, and so many clothes I couldn't even think about looking through them all. The only downsides were the out of control kids running around, and the constant traffic jams of shopping carts in the aisles. Otherwise, I highly recommend this place for the serious thrifter/new apartment dweller/anyone looking to kill a few hours.
3	Worth a trip. Way better for kitchen things than Pittsburgh's Goodwill and Salvation Army stores. Women's wool skirts and suits, coats, books that haven't been entirely picked through. But it can be crowded, disorganized and not particularly rewarding. Weekend has sales, but more shoppers too.  Do give yourself 2+ hours though, or you won't have the time to find any lovely needles in the immense, untidy haystack. My husband preferred the Ohio River Blvd location, I liked this one better. Whatever. And neither are as good as the old Duquesne location. Sigh. Another note: You know, I've never understood how these Red, White and Blue stores are run, exactly. If you know, do tell. But here's my theory - they are a for-profit business, I think, but they buy their items primarily from the Veterans' pick-up and donation service. Locals seemed to prefer "giving" to the Vets, hence the wealth of stuff. And the Vets have regular pick-ups in most neighborhoods, making it easy to donate, even if you are car-free. (800) 775-VETS (8387)
5	Best Thrift Store, unless you drive to Duquesne to the other Red White and Blue.  Parking is tricky, but you always find something!  Cash only
5	Love. This place is huge. They have everything and good prices. We've been twice (in our month of Pittsburgh residence) and my only complaint is that one time the line was so long, I put my purchases back.
3	A lot to choose from and I have scored a few awesome items but I often walk out empty handed. Prices are high for a thrift store. Some belts and clothing are sold at nearly retail prices. I've even seen clothes with store price tags still attached but were being sold for more. Don't bother asking for help because you'll get a huff and an eye roll. Cash only and the atm inside is frequently out of order.
5	oh, you need a bowling ball? maybe a 20ft american flag? oh no? just a dozen kordell stewart jerseys? well then, you're in luck, because this place has it all.i really just have three words for you though: thirty. dollar. taxidermy.that's right, a few years ago i scored an awesome deer mount, antlers and all for $30. even in my limited knowledge of hunting and taxidermy i'm confident in saying that is a steal.thanks to that deer (no, i haven't named it.. it's creepy enough i have it) i will always be in debt to this red white & blue.
3	I love thrifting. There is little else that fills my weirdo creep heart with joy like finding amazing treasures for next to nothing.  Here's the skinny on this Red, White, & Blue location...The Cons: - The parking lot is a cluster. Between the cars just parked or stopped everywhere to the awkward stop light intersection. I envy no one who drives into this lot.- This. Place. Is. A. Mad. House. I'm talking people in every square inch, not a single opportunity to look through the racks at a leisurely place, mad house. - Cash only. They also have an ATM there, while very technologically advanced it still seems sketchy.The Pros:- Tons and tons of product. Rack upon racks of clothes. All walls lined with shelves full of glassware, an entire room of children's clothes/shoes/sports items.- Fairly friendly employees.- Half decent prices.I was able to find a lot more in the way of glassware/kitchen items then clothing items, but I honestly feel that has more to do with the number of people and my inability to really go through the clothing and no idea what so ever of where the dressing rooms were. In all, it's a good stop as long as you don't count on it to be the be all end all of your thrifting day. Make it a stop along the way, not your destination.
5	Ahhhhh. I cut my teeth on the RW&B in the mid nineties and just revisited it for the first time since then!! I always looked for thrift stores like this in LA and SF but....hell no. Wow, has she gotten a makeover: ATM in the corner, a bathroom for patrons (one that is actually somewhat clean!) and the absence of that old person-Ben-Gay smell. Prices have gone up slightly....but where else can you buy a brand new tennis racket, framed photo of Kermit the Frog (signed!) and an oversized pair of Joan Collins a la Dynasty sunglasses....true story! And knowing that half your cart is filled with items the have color tags that are HALF OFF THAT day without knowing until checkout provokes sheer joy. I was a giddy schoolgirl the whole way home.FYI- it is still cash only and the parking lot can get a little wild. Watch out for the potholes!
4	After going to nearly every thrift store in the burgh, we finally scored when we arrived at the Red White & Blue store. It's, you know, a thrift store and nothing terribly unique about it.They just have more stuff than most of the others. And they organization is better. Clothes are organized by color. Kinda weird at first, but then you realize it's a good system.We also found nearly everything we needed for a new kitchen set. Stainless steel pots, dish set, silverware and even a Brita pitcher. The only bummer was that the router we got for $10 won't even power up. I will attempt to return it in spite of their "no return" policy.
3	Organization people, that's all I got to say, organization.  This place is in dire need of it.  Or maybe a map of some sort, but not like a treasure map.  I walked in to try and find a picture frame to use for a project and it took me forever to figure out that they were buried behind the knickknack area.Also, the staff might want to take a people skills course.  Not a good experience to have them weaving in and out of customers much like a stunt car driver to avoid a question.  I really loved overhearing their conversations...One other thing, make sure you work out a bit, that ramp connecting the levels is not fun to conquer when you're not expecting it.
5	Red, White & Blue, you get a golden sticker for your trapper keeper for being hands down my favorite thrift store in Pittsburgh. Most of my closet is filled from items from this store.If you are in the mood to dig through a lot of clothes to find a couple awesome pieces...this is the store for you. I have only left empty handed once and that was on a Saturday and the line was literally half way around the place! They have a deal on different colored tags at least every day. All of the clothes are sorted by color not by size, which I have grown to love. Pass by the browns and go right to the blues.It was't too long ago, I found a perfect-fitting Ann Taylor blazer and Steve Madden oxford pumps. I have also gotten a ton of Forever21 items from here too!  I always find awesome stuff here and rarely spend over 20 bucks.They only take cash (but have an ATM)! So, be prepared.
2	Love the store. Nice stuff. Price reasonable. BAD parking...Employees at this location are nicer and willing to help compare to the one at Ohio River Blvd....Easy check out. Friendly staff.....
4	Compared to it's other location I prefer going to this one because it is slightly closer and because I believe that this has a better selection. Every time I've gone here I have left with great deal. While their prices are already low they have sales everyday that make the merchandise even cheaper.  They do have a small dvd and furniture section, which is my only complaint about the place.
2	As a general store that sells things for generally cheaper this is ok. Just ok. The perks are that is has its own parking lot, a large selection, and a big store space. Also pretty closely located most city neighborhoods. Lets talk about a few "thrift" store points 1. Price... the prices here are not low, for what you would normally identify with thrift, part of the thrill for me is finding things for next to nothing. So when I see Walmart and Target prices on almost everything that makes me immediately suspect. 2. "Charity factor" I like shopping at places I know are helping others in some way. This store claims to offer opportunities for you to donate your goods so that they can buy them through "Veterans of Vietnam" who then resell your donated goods for a profit (google it I did). So there's zero charity factor to this store, its a fairly large chain for profit, profiting off peoples donations. Ha Say that three times fast. moving on an example of my problems with their pricing, everything in the kitchen section was 12.95$ really? Even for some plastic japan made unicorn trays, yup. I will pay that for a vintage item I really like but only on payday and only because I am a geek.  Clothing was not priced cheap and I could find nothing by size its all by color which is odd.  Its crowded and many items are broken yet seem to be priced at full I found a kiddie gate, for my dog only to find the bottom latch was broken. Cool linens in the basement still at good prices... bonus for that I found some cool old curtains I want to use to recover my mid century chairs I just bought.Tips: Cash only! The next time I see one of these signs I am going to look around me and ask the clerk if Christopher Lloyd has shown up with my Delorian yet so I can be transported back to the future. Where they use credit card machines instead of ATM machines from 1985.Antique factor: 4/5 they do have some old stuffPicked over factor 3/5 busy shop but they have a lot of stuffThrift factor 1/5 Over priced.
3	Huh. Had no idea this place existed until recently. It's not bad.I won't say it's great, though. This place is really full - as in it's lined wall to wall with shelves and racks and there's barely any room to walk as you browse and look at clothes, books, hats, whatever. Isn't it good if the store is lined wall to wall, I hear some asking? Sure, except that it makes it next to impossible to dig through the shelves and hangers as you look for something that is in reasonable condition. And is there a system in place as you walk through? Seriously, is there? If it was more comfortable to browse in here I wouldn't be fussing so much about the difficulty in figuring out where to look for things, but as it is there's just too much work involved for browsing here to be fun.I know someone who insists this place's selection is better than Goodwill, and to that I go...maybe? Thrift stores are always great places to check out for cheap costume items and otherwise are pretty hit and miss. Where this place DOES have Goodwill beat is its prices and sales, so if you're on a super tight budget, this is the place to try first! Not to mention they DO have a second level that I didn't get to browse much, so maybe their selection really is better and I'm just in denial.This store's not bad overall - really, considering that when I brought my mother here we found a spare walker on the first try, and a cute scarf and nice book to boot, I shouldn't be complaining too much. It won't be a regular on my shopping list any time soon, though; maybe the place is just too claustrophobic for me.
4	I'll be the first to admit that I'm a little weary of shopping at thrift stores. The clothes always smell like they have been in the attic or someone's basement. The store washes the clothing but you can sometimes smell the faint scent of cigarettes. Not all the clothes are bad though.I like to shop for the high end shirts and pants. They tend to have a lot of items and the prices are out of this world. They have a lot of clothes are are still new with the tags on them and every thing. I recently purchased 6 shirts, 3 pairs of pants, a winter jacket and a Paula Dean sauce pan and 2 purses for only $55. These are nice clothes too, not cheap t-shirts with holes or stains on them.  I always take the clothes home and wash/sanitize them first before I wear them. They have more than just clothes too. There are silverware, pots and pans, dishes, halloween costumes, shoes, baby items and even furniture and electronics. The only down side to this store is that there is no dressing room. So the only real thing you can try on are coats and shoes. I see people trying shirts and pants on over there clothes sometimes but it proves rather difficult unless they are men. My sisters tho did wear leggings to the store so they could try on the dress pants. They bought designer brands like BCBG, Black house|White market, Arden B, claibourne, Van Hausen, and lots more!!!This stores prices are beyond great, almost everyday they have a special. On saturday it was half off all color tags except red. I found so many items $4 pairs of pants, $3 shirts, $7 jackets. The Paula Dean pot was only $4 as well and that was great coming from a thrift shop. If your ever interested in shopping here it's best to go on a Wednesday or Saturday early!! Wednesday you get half off your bill if you bring a senior with you. I like to use grandma sometimes to get some cheaper clothes. She enjoys it as well so that she can buy all the little nick nacks and holiday items. Happy shopping!!
4	This place is hit or miss like any thrift store, but more often than not, it's a hit. If you have never been there, heed this advice:WEAR LEGGINGS AND A TANK TOP. The tighter the better. There are no dressing rooms, so you have to go find one of the mirrors scattered throughout the store and try things on over your clothes (or wear a long skirt you can pull pants on underneath and then take off).It's HUGE, and yeah, kind of dirty. They are cash only, and have an ATM on sight that may or may not have cash in it (this place is super busy ALL the time.) That's my cause for a 4 and not a 5 star rating. You really can find some top quality stuff here. I've purchased most of the designer labels in my closet here in brand new condition, some with the tags still on. I guess it's the location? I live in the south hills, but not the rich south hills, and I've found our thrift stores to hands down be the best in the city. In addition to clothes, I've come away with some nice silver, and some really killer antique glass or housewares. They DO overprice the antique furniture. That's a bummer, because they get some great stuff. I seldom bother to even look anymore. Clothes are always a safe bet though, and they have a TON of old photos, mirrors and frames. It's a great place to pick up a nice solid wood picture frame at a great price. Organization isn't the best, it's by color, and you have to dig sometimes to find the good stuff, but that's all part of the thrifty fun!
3	I like this store, it used to be my favorite.  I have found some really nice items here but I don't like to go very often because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM. Ugh.  They used to have one but got rid of it they said because people abused it.  It's a shame and is so frustrating that a few bad customers have to ruin things for the rest of us. I've bought a few nice tops here and then when I got home found that they didn't fit.  I know the price isn't bad and all but it's so aggravating and a waste of time when I can't try the clothes on.  I've seen anywhere from 4-8 employees working, I don't understand why they don't have one of them work the fitting room like they do at Walmart if it was such a problem.  There has to be something they can do to fix this issue.  One thing I do like is that everything is organized by color, it makes it very convenient when you're searching for a specific color.  If and when I go here,  I usually only stick to buying sweaters/things I can try on over my clothes. Please get your fitting rooms back!!!! ;(
3	Red, White, Blue is a bit dingier and more disorganized than what is even par for the course at thrift stores. However, I did make some great finds including a new-in-box ice cream maker for $5.95, and a vintage aluminum cookie press with all accessories, in its original box and priced at $2.99. There was also a nice 1960s vintage Sunbeam stand-mixer with two sets of beaters and two mixing bowls, available for $19. (I didn't snag it only because I already have such a set at home!).I dislike that the store is cash-only, but at least they have an atm on premises.
2	First, their clothing is arranged by color, not by size. While thrift stores may think this looks great, it's not great for people shopping for one size.Also, their prices were outrageous. Many of the items I liked I could have bought new for a little bit more. The upscale prices did not match the dingy and dirty store. We won't be back to this one.
5	Arguably the best Thrift in the Burgh. Chances are good that, any given day, I'm wearing at least one item of clothing from this place. Organized by color and general category, it just makes sense! Green sweaters? A whole row! Jeans? Racks n racks! Every day a new sale and Wednesdays for seniors. Take your cash because that's all they accept.
2	It's a like a stampede when you enter this store! The least of the problem is the other shoppers, but the staff are gruff and unfriendly. Wasn't worth it for me.
1	Parking sucks. It smelled. They are way way overpriced!  I saw a bag priced at $15 that was apparently donated from a yard sale because it had another tag for $3!  Just really lots of junk. Also it's a cash only place but they do have an atm. Their clothes are sorted by color which is cool.
1	I've been to many thrift stores in my life and this one is definitely over priced! They are selling some items at a price that I could spend on the same item brand new! The store closes at 6:00 which is very inconvenient for most people who work a 9-5. I had to rush to get there after work and still didn't get there until 5:45.It is a cash only establishment and the staff was very rude.I'd rather spend my money at Goodwill!
4	good deal, a lot to choose from; quick turnover of goods
