3	Sammy's has a nice little atmosphere for dining and/or drinking. I would say things are more on the pricey side, but it's still a nice little joint to hang out with college aged kids and a somewhat older crowd. They do have a lot of different beers, on tap & bottle, from the lower range of miller/bud light to some higher end pricey booze. It really is a nice little place to go hang out with a couple of friends to socialize & drink some good brews. The food is pretty good, & they have everything from pasta dishes to fish & chips. A live band/guitarist performs every so often (Sat nigh I believe) and the atmosphere really picks up during late night on the weekends. But don't expect much of a crowd after 9 on weeknights, because it'll just be you, your friends, & the couple of regulars around the bar.
3	Sammy's is located in Belmont's adorable small-town downtown district. (As a result, parking can be a pain sometimes, but stick with it and you're bound to find a street spot.) If you're from Gaston County, you're bound to see someone you know while you're having lunch at Sammy's. While you're there, check out the cute boutiques and bakeries nearby. I've mostly been to Sammy's for lunch or a beer after work. Sammy's has good cheeseburgers, chili and other pub food. The servers are very friendly. At night, you'll find friends hanging out grabbing a few beers.
4	Now that i live out in this direction, Sammy's is my standby restaurant when i need a good place i know i'll enjoy.  Especially Monday-Friday from 4-7 for half-price appetizers. We've tried the hot buffalo wings, the fried zucchini, nachos, the jalopeno thingies, quesadillas  ...just about every appetizer and i don't recall being disappointed.(chicken quesadillas, sampler and huge wing orders are excluded from discount and one per customer, no take homes.. fyi)As far as drink prices, i have yet to find a really cheap night, but they usually have reasonably priced beer specials ($3 New Castle or Yuengling). Nothing like college specials, but not bad. Things of note: meals come with a huge amount of french fries. The chili is pretty good (may be too thick for some). Always have friendly service. Music playing isn't too loud, but loud enough to enjoy (they need to teach a lot of places how they manage to pull this off). i haven't found an absolute favorite entree yet, but maybe you didn't hear me, i said from 4-7 they have half price appetizers Monday thru Friday!
4	Belmont is a tiny little town minutes away from Charlotte, we did a drive thru Main Street, seeing a little coffee and dessert place, we do a u-turn.There was a vacant parking space in front of Sammy's, somehow our dessert and coffee turns into a bloody mary!  YEAH!!!!!  It was mid afternoon, the servers and bartenders were all friendly.  She made us yummy bloody marys and told us appetizers were half off.  We didn't order any snacks, we had drinkin' to do.  Sammy's is worth a visit if you find yourself in Belmont.
4	We live in Belmont and frequent Sammy's.  We've tried and enjoyed everything from their appetizers to burgers to fish and chips, steak sandwiches and their fried chicken special.  It's really more of a neighborhood restaurant than a "pub" now that there is no smoking. We are really careful about where we take our children so we were initially concerned it might be too "bar-like" but that's not the case at all.The atmosphere is great, prices reasonable, service excellent and food is very good.  The serving sizes are so generous that you really can share a meal, especially if you get an appetizer too.
4	What a neat little place in the heart of adorable small town main street USA.  Golly you could just feel the nerve signals pulsing down the spinal cord of America.But for reals.  A more than adequate beer selection.  TVs playing whatever "the game" is, and our bottomless sweet teas were never less than half full.  Quick seating on a busy Saturday afternoon.  Of course, you say, those are things one should expect from any pub.  Well the reason this place gets better than an OK is because the food was really tasty!  I got the cowboy burger that had this amazing smoky bacon on it.  I'll bet the BLT is simply divine.  David X. got some chili - it was perfect with a bit of Tabasco sauce added - and a scrumptious little cup of mac and cheese that tasted like actual cheese.  Win.
2	Nice American Pub "atmosphere", but not much else. We've been here a few times, and alway seem to leave saying, "Well.... that wasn't SO bad..." It's a nice place. We really WANT to like it... but we just don't. Servers are sometimes friendly, sometimes... not so much. Food is so-so, and a bit over-priced for pub fare. The last couple burgers we got there were dry like an old shoe. Stay away from tex-mex items on the menu (nachos, quesadillas, etc)... they just don't know how to do these here. Come for happy-hour half-priced apps and a draft beer - that's about their best thing on the menu.
4	A friend and I went to Sammy's last night for dinner, since it is very close to my house and I've had good experiences in the past.  Last night was no different!  It has the feel of an old style pub with bar stools and high tables all around, with a few TV's with some of the local games on.  It was quite busy (probably because of the half price appetizers they have each evening) and our service was stellar - my soda was never half empty the whole meal.  We ordered the fried green beans...both the beans and the sauce that come with them were wonderful.  I tried the Cobb Salad last night and it too was delish!  It's quite a lot of food for the price and the atmosphere has the small town, local feel to it that really adds to Belmont's main street.
4	The one thing I forgot to mention in my last review of Sammy's is that it is loud.  If you're looking for a place to wax poetic or hold an in depth conversation, I wouldn't recommend it.  The extremely high ceilings carry the sound exponentially and the place is usually pretty busy.  It's a noisy joint so don't go there for date night or important meetings.
3	I think this is a nice lil venue for bar food!  The waitress was more than friendly which made up for their lack of veggie friendly dishes.  Oh well, ate some shrimp... Bad Vegan bad!  The shrimp was mediocre, coming from the south I didn't expect it to compare to the Gulf Shrimp.  Price was fair and what is expected.  The poboy I got was loaded with shrimp so there won't be an empty tummy on Sammy's watch!  WHoot whoot! check it out belmont!
4	Great atmosphere, good food and good service. If you are in the Belmont area, a must stop. I had a burger which was great in this little hometown Irish pub.
4	I'm from California but I'm working in downtown Charlotte for two weeks.  When the weekend arrived I rented a car and headed out to explore the area.  I came upon Belmont and Sammy's Deli...what a great find!  I arrived about 12:30 on Saturday afternoon.  The place was crowded so I sat at the bar.  I was waited on by a whirlwind named Whitney.  She was serving drinks, taking orders, delivering food and even taking phone orders.  All the while being very attentive and sweet.   I had the shredded pork plate with banked beans, coleslaw and hush puppies.  Be prepared to eat pork, I've never seen a bigger heap of shredded pork.  It was delicious as were the beans and coleslaw.  And the hush puppies...the best!  I'm not a hush puppy expert, but if i lived here I'd make eating hush puppies a hobby.If I lived here I'd make Sammy's Deli a regular.  It's a cute place with a cool neighborly vibe.  Oh yeah, and the food is good too!
5	We go to Sammy's on a regular basis.  Prices are very reasonable, portions are more than adequate and the food tastes great.  Fish and chips with fries and malt vinegar are my favorites and my husband always gets the fried buffalo chicken sandwich. We have not been dissapointed.  We can even bring the adult kids and it doesn't break the bank.Service is usually good we always request Whitney because she is on the ball and friendly but even when we don't most servers are great.
4	Our daughter turned us on to this place.  Love the old wood floors, booths and walls.A wide range of appetizers, sandwiches and meals that you would expect in a place like this, I like the Buffalo chicken sandwich, while my wife loves the french dip and my daughter the chicken italiano with swiss and marinara sauce.  My daughter talked me into some fried pickles our last outing. She loves 'em, while I'm not a big fan, these were pretty good. But my favorite is the pub nachos. a mountian of multicolor tortilla chips covered with taco meat, melting cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and jalepenos. Just $4.25 during Happy Hour 4-7 Mon-Fri.Service is generally good and prices are in line with any other place of this type, with sandwiches averaging about $8.50 each. which includes a side.Parking can be tricky at night. There is a lot of No Parking signs down the side streets so pay attention, or the cops will come in looking for you and make you move. Believe me, I know!!
5	You really can't beat this place. Consistently excellent food, great service. My only gripe, and this is hardly a gripe, more of an indicator of it's popularity, is that when the place is crowded (which is every time I go in there), it's tough to have a conversation.
5	Okay, guys.  This place has 2 things going for it.  First, an incredible beer selection.  Second, an owner who knows how to cook.  And, he makes sure the cooks get it right on a consistent basis.  Food portions are large.  In fact, we always take home enough for a late night snack (wink, wink).  They have a beer club.  Warning:  It's freaking addictive to try and drink your way onto their Wall of Foam.  Yes, you can have your name put on a plaque and immortalized forever by drinking 100 different beers.  Kind of sucks that Budweiser products are a part of the offering (insert gag reflex here).  But, so are weird ass IPA's so it makes the journey an adventure.  The food is incredible even for non drinkers.  BBQ, their salads, appetizers, and sandwiches are the highlights.  Burgers are just okay.  Try it!  Ask for Sara or Whitney.  They are cool waitresses/bartenders.
5	One of my favorite local places to catch dinner with the kids. Everything we have had has been great and the wait staff is always helpful. Love the large beer selection.  Its kind of loud so don't go expecting a quiet night out. I
4	I am from Chicago and found the food very good at this restaurant.  I would come back again to eat here.
4	Great Belmont spot for a beer and a sandwich. Friendly, hometown joint with consistently good food and service. Random, but they have the best ranch dressing ever which I think they make in-house - they get an extra star for that. I always get the chipotle chicken sandwich with fries and of course a side of ranch. Decent burger as well (also heard the fish and chips are good) and great beer section that rotates pretty regularly I believe. It's not going to blow you away, but that's fine - if you're in town and looking for a casual bite to eat, definitely worth a stop.
4	Very good place for a burger and a beer. The space is comfortable; the staff is friendly and efficient.
2	Ok hamburgers. Forget the pulled pork. Service goes from bearable to lousy.
5	Went here a few days ago and it was great. I got the black and blue burger and my husband got one with eggs on it (don't remember the name). Both were fantastic. Great home-grilled taste to the meat. We also got fried zucchini as an appetizer, which was good. If I lived here I would definitely come back often for the burgers.
2	Went there last night with my family. I have been here several times and the food and service have been ok. Not last night! I ordered the fish and chips and it was undercooked. Had to send it back, not really into sushi. I then ordered the pulled pork bbq. What a disaster. It was a big ball of mush plopped down on a kaiser roll.Had to drown it with their sauce to achieve any flavor. Yuk! The final straw was the sweet tea. It tasted old and not very sweet. Had to add sweet and low. Also, the glass of tea had very little ice. Now folks, if you can't get bbq and sweet tea right, you might be better off taking them off your menu. The service was friendly and the manager on duty offered to make it right, but with me, two strikes and I'm out--of there. Also, if you go on a cold evening, you may want to sit near the back of the restaurant. Every time a customer walks in , a huge rush of cold air comes in--not very comfortable.
4	I've eaten here SO many times I feel like it's time to write a review. I used to work near this restaurant and it is great for lunch and recently I've eaten here for dinner and it is also great.The menu is great and has many options from salads and sandwiches to steak and seafood. I've had many things on the menu (burgers, buffalo sandwich, chicken tenders, pimento cheese sandwich) but my favorite is the BLT, love love love the crispy bacon! My other favorite are the fried zucchini for appetizers and the side of apple sticks.They have drink specials during the week before 7 and they have a large selection of wine/beer/liquor and the prices are not bad.This place gets busy so get there early to avoid waiting. Service has always been good for me no matter what time or day of the week I've been. The bar has many TV's with sports on so eating at the bar is not a bad idea either.This place gets a bit loud when its full so if you're looking for a romantic dinner, go elsewhere. The parking kind of sucks cause there's a few restaurants nearby which get busy too and space is limited. I wish they would light up the street next to the restaurant to make it better for the customers. If they did that I would give them 5 stars.
1	I have been several times and found it to be a good place to meet family and friends and it is half way between where we live and where they live. However, had to recently start eating gluten-free. When I went in there and asked the waitress if she had any suggestions on something good to eat that was gluten-free there, she told me there wasn't anything at all. Everything had gluten or wheat in it when it came from the manufacturer or else they added it. So, there was nothing there I could eat, according to her. I eat out frequently and have never faced that sort of comment or attitude. Went up the street to another restaurant and had a perfectly wonderful meal. Yes, it was gluten-free. Too bad Sammy's only caters to those who like fried greasy food with lots of wheat gluten.
4	We stopped here on a Saturday for a late lunch after going to the white water rafting center so we were starving and this place did not disappoint.  There were four of us so we got to try a fair amount of stuff.  The service was excellent and the place itself looked like it has been very well taken care of, very clean.  The beer selection was way better than I expected for being so far from downtown, they even had the Avery  Maharaja which you rarely find in a bar, I give them a star just for that!The fish and chips was excellent especially since they use flounder instead of a generic whitefish you get at a lot of places.  All in all the main dishes were really good.  The mixed vegetable side was over cooked so if you like soggy vegetables this is your spot.  The fries were average at best too.  If they had better sides I would give this place five stars for sure.  The portions were really good for the price and the service was great.
1	Good beer selection. All the food seemed to come right out of a microwave. My black and blue burger had this weird rubberyness to it. I then got food poisoning from it. Fun night. You've been warned.
2	An average place to have a beer and sandwich.. Pricing for food was fair, but beer prices were a bit steep. We had a large group and service was great. I had the French Dip with fries. It had quite a bit of fat and the fries had been ready well before being served. If you're in the area I wouldn't avoid Sammy's, but I certainly would not go out of my way to get there.
3	I've eaten here twice while visiting my in-laws.  Pretty good food and atmosphere.  Nothing special or exciting, but still a good meal.
4	Good food, great beer selection, staff is always friendly and about a half a dozen TV's for watching sports. If you're in Belmont it should be on your must visit list.
3	As a resident of Belmont I've visited Sammy's several times. Food is average, atmosphere is a sports bar pub with several tv's to watch sporting events. Hard to carry on a normal conversation with the loud background noise bouncing off walls, floors and ceiling.Acoustic panels  were installed but still too loud. It's got a decent selection of beers and wine but overly priced. It's just ok but no wow factor. Wait staff friendly and attentive. I'll still go occasionally but have other local places we prefer.
1	I can describe my family's meal with one word: yuck. My wife ordered the "Sunday chicken special", which had the odd characteristic of appearing fried and crunchy, but in actuality it was soft and gooey (leaving me to deduce that it was microwaved). My burger was so charred and tasteless, that it resembled a hockey puck. The only benefit was that our waitress was very courteous.
3	Loud
3	Good option near the National Whitewater Center. Was visiting NWC with family and needed to grab a bite to eat - as usual, Rivers Edge was packed so we decided to explore the area. Sammy's is about 15 minutes from the Center, via some back roads. It's right in the center of Belmont, on their cute Main St.Overall vibe is Irish pub - gleaming dark wood, green, etc. Good family oriented place with a lively bar scene, lots of tv's. Service was good, friendly and quick.Food was good - nothing extra-ordinary but the burgers look like they are hand-made, the chicken is fresh grilled and the portions are generous. This isn't very imaginative food, but filling. Special shout-out for the tasty chili and fried ocra, however.In addition, the beer selection is great - lots of local microbrew options on tap and numerous other ones available by the bottle. Overall thumbs up!
2	Being local to Belmont, I really WANT to like this place.  Given it several tries over the years and it is just OK.  Food is okay.  Service is good.  Atmosphere is loud.  They do have a great bar and beer selection but unless you are going just to drink I'd skip it, there are better places to eat in town.
5	Great place!!! Friendly and comes off like your with family!!! Loyal people and great Beer selection local and commercial! Food is awesome and one of my personal favs is TACO TUESDAY!!!!! Great daily special and one of those rare atmospheres that make you feel like you have known them for years!!! Love them and great people including other customers!!! EVERYONE IS VERY FRIENDLY and I love their Black and Blue burger! Great menu selection of food, beer, liquor, and wine! Two thumbs and toes up!!!! EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!
5	This place on a scale of 1-10 is a 20!!! Great drinks, awesome food, and you have to try the pineapple knockout martini! The bartender Red is impeccable!  Management is very friendly and courteous. Chris made me feel like I was at home and a long time patron on my first visit. If you come to Belmont and don't visit this place you mossing b out on a good thing!
1	Just saying.  10:58pm and they tell me the kitchen closes at 11.   11:34 now and the bartender next to me just ordered a plate if cheese fries.....which she really doesn't need.
1	terrible experience with my family...service was okay but the food was awful. The noise level was extreme and we just were not very impressed.
2	Well I hope this place is not going downhill.  This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Mecklenburg/Gaston area but recently the service has been horrible!  The past 3 weeks I've gone to Sammy's something has gone awry.  This last Tuesday being the straw that broke the camels back.  My girlfriend and I went into Sammy's (not a lot of people there mind you) and no hostess was in sight.  No one bothered to sit us or acknowledge us as we stood at the front wondering if we were invisible.  Several waiters and waitresses were congregating at the back table conversing while we stood there for 5 minutes.  Eventually we just sat ourselves.  Then 10 minutes later, STILL, there was no acknowledgment from the staff and we just sat at the table staring at this large group of waiters and waitresses in the back who would not come to our table. So if that wasn't bad enough my girlfriend and I met a lovely man who decided to turn around and ask us if we were using one of the chairs at our table.  Being housebroken and polite we responded "no" thinking he would like to use the chair for someone who would be joining him for dinner.  However, this was not the case!  This charming old man said he needed if because he wanted to lean on it!  Then he turned around and decided to talk to us.  I have no idea what he was saying because he was so drunk. His breath smelled like he had been chewing Newport butts, drinking liquor, and eating my dogs poop from the back yard.  After a couple of minutes of confusion from not understanding a word coming out of this mans mouth his friend chimed in!  It was great!  He was so well spoken!! He said, "don't go to the bathroom or we will take your girlfriend". Nice!!  Man was I impressed with his swag!  Unfortunately my girlfriend was not and made us leave.  Notice how I didn't say anything about a waiter or a waitress this whole time?  That's because we didn't have one!!!  Anyway, whoever runs Sammy's get it together.  You have a monopoly because a majority of Belmont restaurants are below average.  But that doesn't mean your clientele can't walk away on you.  I probably won't be going back there for a while because my girl has PTSD.  But when I do, there better be some dramatic changes regarding service.  Shame on you Sammy's.  Shame on you
4	Nice food and nice atmosphere although very noisy. Definitely a popular hangout spot. Come see what the locals in the area don't want to miss!
5	Tough not to enjoy eating here. We love Sammy's! We split the BBQ salad and Alec enjoyed the grilled chicken club. Awesome service from Jennifer!
4	This place is loud but it's not a first date kind of place. The food is very good my fav (when they have it) is the beer can chicken. The burgers are very good also, can't go wrong here just understand it can get loud.
3	"Meh - it's OK" pretty much sums this place up. The food is fine (not great). The service is good. Like other reviewers have pointed out, this place is awfully loud and not at all relaxing. The beer selection is top notch for the area, and I was happy to see Oskar Blues Deviant Dales double IPA on tap :)If you want food, there's much better choices in Belmont. If you want a good selection of beer, then this place is hard to top (at least locally).
5	Great cozy, friendly place! I was on a road trip just passing through and wanted a beer and a good dinner. I had a great time chatting with locals at the bar and was received awesome service from the bartender Nikki Camp. Nikki remembered my name and treated me like I lived around the corner and came in often. I would drive out of my way to go to Sammy's the next time I'm in the area. Great neighborhood and great food and beer!
4	Good shrimp Po boy, Good beer selection. Worth a try if your in Belmont.
4	Sammy's is a pub and doesn't try to be anything else. It gets damn near everything right. The food is pretty good, the beer selection is vast, there is a wall of televisions tuned to sport. My only complaint is that the service is slow, but always comes with a smile. Try a burger or the pulled pork.
4	I love this place. I go there quite often. The food never disappoints! There is a wide variety for every taste. A broad selection of beers on tap, as well as your typical bottled beers. I love, love the wings & the fried pickles...and I don't eat pickles! They are pickle spears & not the little greasy chips served elsewhere. I'd drive an hour to try this place folks. I tell everyone what a neat lil gem on Main St we have in Belmont. It can get a little bit loud sometimes but they have recently put something on the ceilings to help absorb some of the sound. Yay! I once got some wings that were not the usual fat & meaty ones. Management handled it very politely & courteously. First class! I would recommend anything on the menu. Too much to list but BBQ, pork chops, fish and chips, wings are awesome. All salad dressings are homemade & you can taste the freshness. The only reason for 4 stars v 5....it can still get pretty loud at times.
3	The cheesesteak was good, and I was impressed (as a Philadelphian) with the Amorosa rolls.  But speaking of geographically-based foods, I was disappointed with the so-called Carolina slaw - I think the owner must not know that Carolina slaw is a vinegar/sugar/celery seed-based slaw and not the traditional mayo-heavy based stuff he serves.
4	Great local restaurant with great service. Their burgers are the best. It can get a little noisy so if you don't want that you might want to go elsewhere but I tend to enjoy the atmosphere.
5	Ok heres the low down on Sammies.  The philly cheese steak is crazy good. I personally eat mine with ranch dressing. (Im from the south, deal with it!) I killed it without realizing how fast I ate it.  The wings.  OH MM GEE THE WINGS!!   The traditional is buffalo with a bit of honey in the sauce.  Very nice.  A different buff than normal too. Not your regular buffalo sauce, so in this nut jobs opinion, a great rendition of buff sauce.  But thats not the sauce you should be thinking about.  The hot sauce is unbelievably, insanely, awesomely, extravagantly, most superbly ORIGINAL!!     Try it!  Its awesome.  A bit hot in the end, but nothing a pansy cant handle. It has so much flavor, I literally made the guy next to me try it on his chili. Service....   Sunday night not terribly busy, but get this, the bartender, bless her heart, heard me scream for a hot fudge sundae, with molten cake.  I was joking.  She put the order in before I realized it.  So what did I do? I apologized and told her I was kidding and tipped her an extra few bucks on top of twenty percent. (Bc 20% is what you tip then add/subtract from there for those of you who dont know)So in this poor schlubs opinion.   Sammies is AWESOME!!!
