4	I was walking around my usual haunt and I noticed that Slices had opened up shop near the movie theatre.Some people may be familiar with the slices on 6th St. and Mill.  I have always wanted to try this place, but it always seems to be closed.I ordered a slice of the chicken pesto pizza and a coke.  The pizza was crisp and delicious.  The feta gave it an awesome zip.My only complaint was that it was kind of dirty.  I was brushing parmesean cheese off everything I sat on the counter, and my pants since it was on the seats as well.I will still be going back.  That spicy chicken pizza looked to good to pass up.
4	This is a great place to get a good slice of pizza.  Situated right across the Cine-Capri at Tempe Marketplace, this joint has some great varieties of pizza.  Good old pepperoni for me, but it was very good.  And they had Cherry Pepsi which is always worth an extra star.  Cleanliness is a bit to be desired since a lot of people go in and out and it appears to be understaffed.  I will be back again as it's good food and the prices are just right.
4	WOW! They have so many pizza's to choose from!  I LOVE the feature of just slices, there have been way too many times I was forced to eat a whole pizza.The Slices are Huge too!I immediately spotted potatoes on one pizza and knew I had to have it!VERY Yummy Indeed! Especially since they toss them back in the oven to crisp and the crust is so thin and delicious!!So my Slice had potatoes, bacon and cheese, green onion!! (see pics)I have to say it's my new favorite! This would be a great pizza to take home and put some scrambled eggs on top of the big foldable slices!I didn't notice if the place was messy or not , but it sure was small, I chose to eat outside.My only complaint would be, the plates. You are served a giant slice of pizza on the cheapest paper plate EVER!! It might as well have been served on a paper towel, it was that flimsy!If you love variety you'll love this place!
5	I have to upgrade a star, because for a SLICE place this is it!I devoured 3 Slices of the Chicken Pesto, OMG that tang from the feta cheese was so damn good, it needed more if you asked me, I also picked off the chicken not that it was bad I just preferred it without (see pics)Yum Yum!Also a tip= I like to ask for my slice extra crisp!
1	You know, maybe I am a diva or I just expect too much.  But when I get the worst possible service known to anybody, I don't care how good your pizza tastes.I go to Slices from time to time to get my pizza fix.  I always thought that they have great pizza and I love the different varieties that they have.  But I may never go back...ever...So I am in line waiting to be served.  (And when I say waiting, I mean at least 5 minutes with one girl staring at me while she is putting together boxes. )  Finally this guy came up and asked me what I wanted and I said the Tomato Basil and then asked him what pizzas just came out of the oven.  He told me and I said that I would also like a piece of Pepperoni and Mushroom.  I get to the counter and there is only the tomato basil waiting for me.  The girl (who loves her boxes) looked at me and I told her that I also ordered a Pepperoni and Mushroom.  She asked the guy and he said "I don't remember anything"  Ok, whatever.  So he gets a slice.  While I am waiting for that to warm, I told the girl that this was to go.  I am not kidding you she handed me a box and told me to put my pizza in the box.  (The two guys before got theirs boxed for them)  This place, especially the counter, is very small and I don't think it would hurt her to do some customer service and box my pizza.  I am now irritated writing this review.
4	I was taken here by a friend and seriously loved it. It was a saturday night so it was stupid busy and lots of annoying people. But I can't hate on the actual pizza or service. I had a pepperoni and black olive slice and it wasn't soggy or anything like other pizza-by-the slice places. The slices are huge. The toppings are fresh and the sauce is good. It made me happy that they put the slices back into the oven once you order it to keep it hot and crispy.  For a quick slice of pizza, this place is yum.
3	Good, quick, cheap.  Marked down only because of the permanent hackey sack pack in front.
1	ok so i LOVE Slices.... but the one in Tempe Marketplace stinks... everytime i go in there, they are rude. I prefer the one on 6th - they are so much more chill there and the atmosphere is cooler.
4	There is a status quo with by the slice pizza joints that is far exceeded by Slices.  They make a gajillion different types of pizza and the crust is perfect.  the options are plenty and the quality of pizza is very good, especially considering the pizzas are sitting there waiting to be eaten.Yes, it's true that this place is busy with college kids, and there was a day (sadly long passed) when that wouldn't have bothered me, but on the whole it is a really solid place to eat for lunch or dinner.  If you're in the mood for pizza you will not regret going here.
3	Look- sometimes when you're on Mill Avenue at 2:30am and you've had a couple of drinks, you just want some pizza. Sometimes, you just want to grab something quick and easy for lunch. Are you cheap? Good news, Slices is too!I'll keep this one short. Slices hits the spot when I'm expecting cheap, quick pizza. Tastes even better when you've had a few beverages.Bums me out when they over-crisp my crust though. Contrary to popular belief, it's not that enjoyable to bite into a slice of charred Pesto Tomato Pizza.
3	this place is fine. If you need some quick pizza before you catch a movie, it will do. If you're looking for a great place to grab a slice of NY Style pizza, it's alotta hype. service is good, pizza is mediocre. The crust is usually hard and slightly dried. If I hadn't had pizza for a week, it'll do.
4	As a poor college student who loves pizza, Slices is a good place to go!  Most of the time, they run the ASU student special [two slices and a drink for $6] which is great for those of us who have dire needs like books, school supplies, or want to shop at American Eagle Outfitters.  XDThey have a good selection of pizza [chicken pesto = fave!] and their calzones are delicious.  Sure, the place is a little dirty and seating is extremely limited.  Regardless, I love this place!  If only they had bigger plates...
1	Pizza quality never disappoints.  However, servers need to tie their hair back... same memory of the location by Mill Avenue.  Basic hygiene, please!
4	This place is cool...went on a Saturday night which was not the best idea considering there were people everywhere partying. Anyhoo parked and got to the door and 2 semi-drunk guys swung the door open so hard I felt the air on my head...which literally pissed me off because they looked at me like I was in the way after they almost hit me. So I "accidentally" bumped into one of the guys knocking his pizza on his shirt. When they were about to say something smart they noticed the big buff guy behind me ready to hand out beat downs...yes yes that is my man hahahaha. Sooooo the line wasn't really long and it took less than 5 minutes to get our slices which is was really good because we parked in public parking and it's free if you are there less than an hour. So not only did we get good slices but we got to look around for a bit and didn't even have to pay for parking. :) I give this place 4 stars out of 5 because the crowds around and in front of the place on Saturday nights is huge, the place is extremely small and cramped, cops everywhere, people just randomly walking in front of your car while your trying to drive...people bumping into you, almost hitting you with doors, basically if you dont like drunk people just go on a week night.
4	I have been eating slices since college on mIll. I love there choices. You can pretty much find any kind of pizza you want. I love the big ol slices you get. The thin crust is crispy too. I hate when its flimsy or soggy. Not here. The price is pretty reasonable for 3.25 per slice. What you get is worth it.
3	I really don't like pizza. Now before you look at me like I just told you I don't accept Jesus Christ as Lord or I killed my first born... (for some reason I get this reaction every time I say I don't like pizza. Seriously, what is it with the world and their love affair with pizza!?) Anyways. I've had pizza in New York, Chicago, and in Boston. I think I'm pretty damn schooled on pizza. I just plain don't like it.That being said, I've always had one rule. I don't like pizza unless it's Slices. Back in the day everyone knew the only way to get me to eat pizza was to venture to Mill Ave and pick me up something from Slices. Looking back I can't remember what it was about slices that made me claim it as the only pizza I'll eat but it was probably the fact that they would make me an artichoke heart and feta cheese pizza. l think the trick to get me to like pizza is to fool me by making it not taste like pizzaToday I went to Slices for the first time in years. (since I'm not a fan of pizza in general) When you're ordering a single slice you shouldn't ever expect it to be fresh and hot. They do put it in the oven for a few minutes though to get it that fresh feeling. The selection of premade slices was kind of small compared to the Mill location but they did have one that caught my eye. A pizza with nothing but vegetables. There wasn't even any cheese or sauce! I felt like I was in heaven. My heart was pounding. Could it be!?The pizza itself was really great but I'm not sure if I can even call it a pizza. I feel like I'm cheating. Bread + hot vegetables = pizza??? My brother got pepperoni and mushroom and my grandpa got sausage. They both said that it was really good pizza that was totally worth 3 bucks a slice.Anyways the service was pretty good but the seating was horrible. They only have a bar and one table along with some outside seating. Hello! We live in Arizona. Nobody wants to eat outside in the heat or be cramped at a bar next to strangers. They lose a star for that because seriously when you're in a high traffic location like Tempe Marketplace you need to have better places for people to sit. We're tired from shopping and it's hot outside!!All in all, I think my opinion is still the same. I hate pizza but love Slices.
5	This place is fantastic.  The price per slice isnt bad at all, and they probably have 40 different pizza concoctions to select from.  It gets an A+ from me!
1	Their pizza was actually great but I'm giving them one star because they swapped my calzone with someone else's calzone. Normally this isn't an issue but I had cut a bite off the one I received and found out it was the wrong one. The guy then brought my correct calzone, took the one I had eaten from and went over to the people whose calzone it was. He asked them if he could cut the end off and give it to them. If they are willing to do this in front of the customers, what do they do behind the scenes? The funny/weird part was that the other customer actually said it was ok to lop off a piece of their calzone and they took it anyway because they were under time restraints!!! Amazing! I'll never come back here again, that is a completely unprofessional and disgusting way to run a business.
3	Good for what it is - it's not gourmet but it has personality. I love all the choices ready to go and it's a great stop before the movies. Not for a first date or anything... but if you've been dating a long time and are going to see Tron because your boyfriend played that trump card when you wanted to go see Black Swan/The Fighter/NOT Tron, and you just want something to take out your aggression on, a slice of tomato ricotta or bbq chicken will do just fine.
3	I was waiting for friends to show up to go to the movies and I was starving and wanted pizza, I walked by Slices and boy was I happy I did!  They have many different types of pizza's being sold by the slice.  They heat your slice up and make the crust have a nice toasted crunch. I ordered the veggie and it was very delish!  Glad to have found this little pizza heaven, will be back to visit it again!
3	My boyfriend and I stopped by Slices 30 minutes before they were about to close and scored a whole pizza for $6. I thought that was a steal considering all the specialty slices they offer. The girls who worked there said they were trying to get rid of the pizza because they hate to throw away leftovers. We were excited to try some slices of pizza we normally wouldn't order like bbq chicken, pesto, and potato/bacon pizza. The potato/bacon pizza dipped in ranch was my favorite out of the three that I tried. I wouldn't brag about the pizza at Slices but I wouldn't knock it either.
4	Slice's is my spot! Their potato bacon, chicken mushroom pesto, and pesto are my favorites! The slices are huge and the flaovr is yummy. My 2 year old is a picky eater. He eats their left overs cold! I am a huge fan of good crust, they have it. This is the ONLY thin crust pizza I like... A lot!I'm SO happy they are closer to my home!
4	This place is seriously so delicious. The pizza is pre-cooked and left out so you can pick whatever you want, then reheated. Sounds gross, but don't underestimate it. Super crunchy, thin crust heaven. The service here isn't all that great, but the food is good enough to compensate.
1	Bad service edible pizza. Lazy staff got everything but chicken and crust wrong on my pizza! Duh
3	Just tried Slices for the first time last night and it's definitely about the size and unique flavors here! Even the soda fountain was loaded up on selections. I ordered a slice of chicken pesto, my son ordered a slice of chicken bacon barbecue and a supreme. Mine was pretty tasty but once I took a bite of my son's chicken bacon barbecue I had food envy, hate when that happens! Now I know what to order when we come back!
5	The Greek Salad Pizza Slice is The Bomb!  If you love artichokes, this is the one.  The slice is full packed of artichokes. feta cheese, olives, and tomatoes.  The ingredients are super fresh.  I haven't seen ingredients this fresh on a pizza in ages.  By far, the healthiest pizza slice I've eaten in the US.  Normally pizza crust and/or the pizza is full soggy of grease and fat at most pizza places.  Not here.  Crust felt and tasted light and good and what's more, after eating here, I felt good and not slow, sluggish, which I cannot say for 99% of pizza places out there.
5	Slices puts out the absolute best pizza in Arizona. I have been waiting for that gooey, cheesy out to the edge with the goodies pizza for a long time. I'm hooked. Great job you guys!
4	This place is solid. Have plenty if by the slice options. My favorites are the chicken pesto and BBQ chicken. The BBQ chicken is a bit smokier than one might expect for BBQ. The flavor is in the meat not the sauce. I've been coming here since it was Axis and I'll be back.
4	Their pizzas taste great, but last time I went in, they didn't have my favorite pizza. The supreme one :/ definitely disappointed. But other than that, the place us delish.
4	I'm originally from Massachusetts, and I went to UMass Amherst. My favorite pizza place out there was a little gem called Antonio's. I suspect the guys from Slices are familiar with the place. This is a loving replica of Antonio's. UMass Alumni need to check out this pizza place. It will bring back memories of Antonio's. I've been many times and never had a bad slice.
4	First off, am I mistaken that Slices was here when Tempe Marketplace first opened, then closed, and apparently re-opened? Or am I imaging things and it's always been there? Okay, moving on...Slices has pretty solid pizza. there's a good variety to choose from by the slice. I like the cheese to sauce ratio, and I like the crust. It's thinner, but still dense which I like. This location is small (which is understandable), and I have to say, the staff isn't all that friendly. They have daily specials, and I was thinking of getting a calzone since they were $2 off on Tuesday, but when I asked what kind they have the guy behind the counter said to me "you know they take 20 minutes to make" in kind of an annoyed tone so I didn't bother. I just got a slice of pizza w/tomato  & ricotta, which was good. At the end of the day, this is a good option for a quick, cheap lunch if you're shopping at Tempe Marketplace. Also, if you check in on the yelp app, you get 10% off your order :)
