4	This is one of two Fry's within about half of mile of each other - one on the north side of Mountain View, and the other on the south side.  One is a Fry's Signature Market, and the other is a Fry's Marketplace.  Apparently they were owned by two different companies before Kroger bought them out and turned both of them into Fry's.  I prefer this one simply because it is a little better organized, and has a wider variety of general merchandise.   They have a fairly good selection of wines and alcoholic beverages, although their selection isn't as good as AJ's.  They do have a fair amount of natural and organic items and their vegetables and fruits are very good. They have a nice little deli, with varying priced meats and cheeses. Also, the store doesn't seem as cramped as the other one, and the merchandise doesn't seem to be as crammed into each nook and cranny.  This may be simply a matter of the size of the store, but it does make shopping a lot easier and relaxing.The clerks are generally pleasant, and helpful, although sometimes a little rushed.  Apparently Fry's is on a cost cutting campaign, and of course, the first thing they cut back on is help. But the workers really make an effort to help the customers, and we appreciate that.I do go to AJ's for specialty items and their beer and wine selection.  However, for every day shopping, this is the place to go.
4	Stopped in for a few items while waiting for my to-go order from Hiro's Sushi across the street. Talk about a liquor selection! WOW! I didn't even come in for alcohol or buy any, but I couldn't help be amazed by the selection. For a grocery store, this place could battle BevMo! Kinda pricey prices, but clean market with friendly smiles and service.
5	I went to Frys in the late afternoon with a sleeping toddler.  When he woke up and we went into the store, he was GRUMP-Y!  This is not usually my M.O. And I can count on one hand how many times my now three year old has had a public melt down.  He had to use the restroom, where the tantrum over not having a "car" cart continued as he did his business, in between sobs he managed to say "Mommy!  I want a car cart!!"  An employee of the store happened to be in the bathroom, and have me a sympathetic look and left.After talking my son off of the proverbial ledge with a promise of a stroll through the toy aisle, he finally ceased the sobs and soldiered on.  As we exited the bathroom there was the store manager, waiting for us, with a car cart for my traumatized son. Never in a million years would I have thought I would be so relieved to see such an mundane object.  My son immediately perked up, gave her a big hug, a thank you and she was off.This is outstanding customer service.  Besides, I later got milk on sale for $1/gal and then scored Junior a toy on clearance for $5.  This is a great store that will always have me (and hopefully a happier tot next time) as customers.
4	While I can't say I fancy any store that requires a tracking card to participate in weekly sales I have to say I really like Fry's for the Manager's Special items in home and garden, a section where the discerning eye can easily save up to 75% off the retail price for odds n' ends around the house.  Friendly staff, clean store, wide aisles - not too shabby.
4	We have a place nearby but usually go to the other Frys store. This is an enormous store that has merchandise we generally don't need. In this case we needed patio furniture and were impressed by the selection. We were assisted by a very nice clerk who guided us to the best deal and walked me through the purchase. She helped load the suv. Her grasp of spatial relationships helped us to get the furniture in so it was one easy trip. We were pleased and impressed. We had excellent customer service.
5	I love, LOVE this store! All the checkout clerks are so friendly and the self check out is awesome for when you're on the go. I coupon like crazy and they are coupon friendly as well when I'm doing my transactions. If you're looking for an item, someone will walk you to it. I highly recommend shopping at this location!!!! Awesome clearance items, great deli, veggies and customer service is awesome!
5	I buy more electronics here than I do other places. Don't tell anyone but since they carry electronics and video game accessories that no one goes to Fry's to purchase they always have a good selection of discounted items. New Wii U pro controller for $25 instead of $50, Wii knunchuck for $10 instead of $20 which are never discounted at other places. Great flip style waffle maker for $10. Awesome deals!
4	There are some pretty cool people at Frys right now. I don't remember all their names but a shout out to Pat at the register and Rebecca in the flower department. I forgot my rewards card...no problem. Questions about the beautiful flowers...no problem. Free Starbucks samples..YES. its a warm and helpful place to shop. Add cleanliness to that and I have to say Good Job to Frys Marketplace! Thank you!!!
4	I am generally a fan of Fry's based upon comparison shopping for the things I buy.  This review is specific to those things that make this story different.First, it's layout is more intuitive than most - things just seem to appear where you would expect them.  Shelves are almost always well-stocked, checkout is fast, and there are a lot of useful non-food items.Negatives are a lack of a large ethnic and Kosher areas, and a disturbuing willingness of the produce department to leave substandard fruits and vegetables on the shelves -- I don't want to have to inspect every green bean.  When produce nears the end of its life, it should be discarded, not reduced in price, or worse yet packaged so that its less agreeable parts are hidden.
1	Great produce, good small appliance selection and terrible customer service.   We used to shop here weekly, but have stopped in the last couple of years because of the uniformly unfriendly folks at checkout.   Unfortunately, the final impression is always the most lasting.  While the employees in produce, meats and other departments are all really great, the checkers here make shopping a very unpleasant experience
