2	A lot of mediocre food for a very reasonable price.  If you're really hungry, you can find some decent stuff there, like fresh shrimp, salt and pepper shrimp, mussels on the half shell and the grean beans were terrific.  The food line up was strange.  Ice cream, sushi and shrimp, desserts, salads and then entrees.  Overall, okay, for the price.  Was really hoping for something "supreme" as they've been working hard to tranform an old buffet house into something special.  Won't be a regular, but won't say I won't go back either.
5	I can't believe people giving this terrific Buffet 2 Stars!  Please consider a different take on the place:This big, beautiful, brand new Hibachi moved into the former Bishop's Restaurant building at the corner at 7th Av. & Osborn.  It has one long Buffet line, & was offering up a huge selection of 143 items today, not counting dressings & sauces.  I was joined by fellow Yelpies Jose C., Lynn W., Norm R., Robyn N., & Mike C. for the feast.I sampled many of the food items, including a nice plate of Mongolian style BBQ & every bite of everything I ate was just great!  The Hot & Sour soup was just right, the Kim Chee was perfect, & so on.  Could it have been better?  Well... no!  Every single thing about the place, the service & the food was absolutely 5 Stars to me for a Chinese Buffet.  Love, love, love it, & look at the low price on top of everything else!!     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.29 Sr.
3	The food was okay for a complete dinner, a good value for $8.00 with 20% coupon in the Chinese newspaper. They have the typical Chinese food, orange chicken, sweet sour pork, chow main, hot & sour soup, wonton soup, and, sushi.  The sushi is filled with crab meat and cucumber, looked pretty much the same style.   Nothing fancy about it!  The only standout dishes for me were the salt and pepper shrimp, steam clams, and ice creams.  I do like their green tea ice cream and pineapple sherbet.   The hibachi grill selections were limited.  The items didn't look too fresh, so skipped the grill.  They have a so called "Prime Rib", don't be fooled by the name.  It was unchewable!  We were trying to figure out what kind of meat it was.  Haha....I do give them another star for keeping the food hot and stocking the trays.  Superior service for a buffet place!  They actually have a free Wifi password on the price board.   For the price of a Starbucks coffee, you can fest all day and work!
5	I have been looking for a good Chinese Buffet for a while in my neighborhood and luckily Hibachi Grill has arrived. I have been to few Buffets in which the service was as quick, friendly and efficient. A sumptuously decorated Mid Century Modern Chinese decor makes you feel like you are eating at a fancy casino buffet. Lots of attractive attention to detail. So what ? I'm here for the food.Only drawbacks- no dumplings- fried or steam or dim sum other than pork bun- which was great however. Also, no duck, hoisin or plum sauce, and if they did have it it was hard to find. BUT- they had wonderful egg custard tarts that were sublime- I am still obsessing ove them and that made of for what they lacked in other areas.And the food did not disappoint. Great tot and sour soup with a perfect subtle taste of vinegar, delicious and hot cheese wontons, hell, they even had fried sweet plantains that were as good as my Cuban mother makes. Keep in mind, it's a buffet and I arrived it was the beginning of lunch so everything was hot and fresh. They offer the usual suspects from standard buffet fare, but all in high quality. Lots of shrimp and beef, and although I did not try the Hibachi Grill, it looked very appetizing  with lots of happy diners waiting in line to get their fix. The sushi bar was well stocked and fresh. Remember, it's a buffet, not Ra in Scottsdale. It was all very fresh. No " low sodium" soy sauce ? So what. All that, as well as 8 flavors of very premium ice cream for $6.99. God, I love America ! For a Chinese Buffet with this price for lunch, it is as good as it gets.I walked out after meeting my new Yelp friends Rand, Norm, Mike, Robyn and Lynn extremely happy, satisfied and pleased as a pig. I will be back.
4	I love the Hibachi's but this one dropped one star because I like the selection is  better at the other locations.Everything I had was good but I missed the ribs that they normally have. Another thing was the Chinese donuts were crunchy on the bottom. The service was good and and the decor was nice but the other Hibachi's are better.
2	After waiting patiently for this place to open, when they finally did me and my fiancee went out to dinner with a few friends. I did not like the lay out of the place at all, as previous reviewers touched upon, it is one line and things get congested too easily. It makes for an unpleasant visit when you are heading to the buffet.The food itself was decent quality, by buffet standards, they have the basics, seafood, basic american cuisine like chicken nuggets, pizza, sushi, and other asian cuisine like sweet N sour items, orange chicken, etc. The sushi was quite bland, the salad bar was pretty terrible, the lettuce was quite limp, and the main courses were nothing that stood out. Usually when I go to a buffet there is one or two items that I'd find above average, but here I cannot really think of anything that went beyond the average column. If I were to give this business advice, it would be to restructure their buffet line to help with people getting bogged down, and to offer a bit more variety and up their food quality. Most chinese buffets I've been too have had a salmon dish, there was none to be found here, the only fish dishes I found were a grilled fish (which was not edible, it tasted disgusting and bland) and deep fried Tilapia which was extremely bony. Just one example of the poor variety they have here.I will give the place another shot, perhaps it was just a bad day.
3	2/13/12:  I downgraded my rating from 5 to 3.... It wasn't as good the 2nd time there. Everything is so damn greesy!  Mandarin Buffett at Bethany Home & 15th Avenue is better.This is really close to our house, on 7th Avenue & Osborne, right accross the street from Mi Patio... Dinner prices are $9.99 & it's all you can eat... Great selection, even 8 different kinds of ice cream for dessert, icluding green tea ice cream. Can't wait to go back!
5	What a bunch of stuck up snooty hags!!! (2 star people) This place is a buffet!  A great one! The food was ALL hot, price was reasonable for the variety and quality.   There was NO lines and the service was perfect.  I almost couldn't get the food off my plate before they would try and come get it.  10 bucks! If you don't like buffets don't come then bitch about it and pretend your someone you're not.
4	Much better this time than last. Very busy too!
1	MMy wife suggested we try this place instead of our regular Chinese buffet (Fugi's). Boy, was I disappointed! The girl at the cash register (you pay before you are seated) was more interested in an iPad than in taking our money). After being seated I headed for the buffet line and found the "Habachi"....oops! It was a flattop grill and a gas grill, no charcoal! Stir fry done on a flattop is not stirfry! Then on to the steam table...ALL the food was mediocre at best...bland and unseasonably. The sushi was horrible...tasted like the refrigerator. The salad bar had a minimum of items and the lettuce looked like it had been there all day. Although the price was $9.99,they did offer a 10% discount for seniors, which I asked for and then was charged the full price anyway. The waitstaff were aloof and could have cared less if we were even there. I for one will not go back and will gladly pay the $12 I usually pay at Fugi's for better quality!
4	Yup,,, this is one of the better ones here in the city. The food is fresh and staff are good. The interior decor is very pleasant and the area is pretty safe, so you don't have to worry about your car in the parking lot. Word of advice; if you are a big guy and need to use the bathroom stall to poop,, use the toilet at home. The bathroom is very clean, but the pooper stalls are for midgets. All in all one of the better values here within the Phoenix city limits.
3	OK, so this isn't healthy fare by any means, but it works when I have a Chinese buffet itch that I need to scratch. You first pay for your meal, then take your ticket to a hostess, who then seats you. A waiter comes by to take your drink order and brings it. You take it from there, right over to the buffet. On one end is a sushi area, then go from there to desserts, noodles, chicken, seafood, meat, veggies, etc. It's your typical stuff: General Tso's chicken, beef and broccoli, honey shrimp, crab wontons, mushrooms, sweet 'n' sour chicken, etc., etc. and a lot more. A negative is that you get your food from only one side, instead of the food being in an "island" set up where people can get food from all sides. If you were to come here during a rush, I imagine it could get annoying.
3	Food is great, good price and beautiful decor.
4	For the price it can't be beat. Some food was cold. The grill masters were workin their butts off at top speed so I gave them a fiver. Lots of variety. Good stuff all over. Green tea ice cream! Cheapo sushi. Roast beef. Fresh grill steak. Blow some money in the quarter pushers.Taking off a star for restroom cleanliness.
4	It is like taking a trip to a B rated Vegas buffet with out leaving phoenix!A fancy black slate entrance and fountain lead you in to a dining area complete with fiber optic lamps and a giant one sided buffet.The organisation of items is weird with Desert sushi more desert then back to normal food.The sushi is mostly stuff with Krab, there is a wide range of items all the usual's including a few good veggie options, and stuff for the kids like pizza french fries and chicken nuggets. One down side is the lack of accurate labels, this makes it hard to guess what is veggie and what is not.Quality was decent service on drinks was great and for a 6.99 lunch we were all pretty happy. It is easy to split a check here and they have large tables making it a good setting for a large group.
3	This place was okay. It was a buffet, we didn't expect the food to be that great. And it wasn't, really. But it wasn't bad. My son and husband devoured the all you can eat sushi and the kids got to try things that they've never had such as clams, squid, and crawdads. For kids who are less adventurous than ours, there is a pizza and chicken area. Everything from over there looked pretty dry and basic, but I'm sure for anyone who came to a chinese buffet and grabbed some American food instead, they will get what they expect. I wasn't all that impressed with the service. What they do have are these melt in your mouth sweet roll things with some sort of honey butter and it is to die for. I swear, I dream about them. I would go back just to have some more of that one item. I'm not even kidding.
5	Headed back over there on Saturday for dinner 07/14/2012. Wow. Great food and great eye candy. If the food don't fill you up, the eye candy sure will put a smile on your face. NO MSG chemicals in the food unlike some others ; ) When you leave here you will feel full, not sick.
5	= = = = = =  Sadly, this excellent buffet has CLOSED!     :-(   = = = = = =The undated sign on the door suggests that they'll be back "in a month" (from 8/1 or earlier) but that seems unlikely to me.  I hope I'm wrong...  the phone IS still connected & the furnishings are in place, but meanwhile be sure to call before driving here to eat until someone sees them actually open again.
5	Hibachi is temporarily closed for one month. I can't wait till they a re-open. 115 degree days and a $2 - $3 thousand dollar electric bill for a/c in August might have something to do with it. I can't blame them. Why work for nothing when they can go on vacation for a month to see family. Probably will re-open Sept 1 st. Come back my beautiful waitresses and food!
1	Sign on door says, "Closed for one month."  Really enjoyed Safeway rotisserie chicken and baked potato salad.  Glad, "open" is part of Safeway's business model.
4	A sign on the building indicates the Hibachi is permanently closed. The space will reopen as a different Chinese buffet on 15 September 2012.
1	Chinese food in Phoenix  is getting an even worse rap from many of these huge buffets serving bland, tasteless, horrible food that passes for Chinese!  This place is now called Super Moon Buffet but the food remains the same boring, tasteless, fare. I can't go back and waste money there....not when there several Thai and Vietnamese restaurants nearby serving the freshest and most flavorful food around! Will the owners of this buffet please stop the charade??
1	This place is now renamed Super Moon, but I don't think I'll be making a trip to find out if it is any better. The buffet was definitely huge, with a ton of different foods on it. The chinese food had sauces on the side (you could pour sweet and sour sauce on the chicken) but the chicken was rubbery. Other buffet items like chicken nuggets, mac and cheese, jello, and pudding were available. The sushi looked decent but I did not try it because I was not sure how long it had been sitting out. The salad bar was loaded with half wilted lettuce. There were other bland items too, but nothing about this place stood out except for its high price. With all the great restaurants in the area I would never go back.
