4	Ah, Copps..I always stop in here on the way to my sisters house to grab juice for my vodka drinks I make..it's very big and low priced! I love this place. I'm from Chicago, so it's some what like a Jewel and half the hassle trying to check out!! :)~
1	I feel sorry for the bakery employees of Copps.  Apparently, it is a soul crushing, nightmarish job to work in the bakery.  I say this because, just like the Copps on the other side of town, the ladies who work in the bakery are unfriendly, nasty little trolls who clearly feel put upon when you ask for their help, that is, if you can successfully get their attention.  I had a lady at this particular bakery wait on me to order a cake, and she apparently didn't like my design.  As she filled out the form she kept saying "really??  Are you sure???"  There wasn't anything too difficult, or out of the ordinary about it.  It wasn't like I was ordering a cake made of meat with glitter on top.  When I came to pick it up a week later, she told me that if someone got her a cake that looked like this, she would cry.  If there were to be a next time, I would strongly consider ordering the glittery meat cake.  She'd probably need counseling to get over that one.  OH THE HUMANITY!!!!
3	This grocery store is the nearest one to my house, so I go to it a lot. It isn't the cheapest place in town, but it is so much easier to navigate than Woodman's (and not a big bad guy like Wal-Mart). During Lent they have fish fry at the deli. I love fish fry so I thought I'd give it a whirl. They didn't have any ready, and somebody had to be paged to come help me (it's supposed to be available 5-7pm and I got there a little before 6pm), so I knew it would take a little time. It took a LOT of time. The ladies working there told me the fish was frozen solid and they wanted to make sure it was cooked all the way through. That's valid, but it was quite a wait. Why not have some unfrozen fish in case somebody wanted to, I don't know, buy some? It eventually got cooked and packaged so I got some coleslaw, a dinner roll, and some macaroni and cheese for my sides and skedaddled out of there. They have a couple of tables set up, but I'd really rather eat at home than in the deli section of a grocery store (I have beer at home). The fish was not great. Not terrible, but I won't buy it again. Maybe it was a little terrible. I give this review 3 stars only because the women working there were very nice (I've never had bad service in the deli, bakery, or meat case, ever) and I think the grocery store itself is perfectly adequate.
3	Ok so this Copps had rhubarb and the Copps on highway C and Windsor didn't. That is why I am giving it 3 stars. Other than that, I feel like I have a love hate relationship with Copps. I'll go into more details later when I update this review. I just feel like I am there all the time and never impressed. Sometimes there are ok deals and sometimes there are just disappointments like the meat and seafood counter where the selection looks old and not very fresh. I understand that there are not many Italians in Wisconsin but for the love of God.... what major grocery store doesn't carry soppresatta or Genoa salami at the deli counter? The bread at bakery is always fresh at reasonably priced too so that makes up for some of the disappointments.
