2	Made a quick pit stop on way to work, to get some basil & a baguette. Good luck! No fresh herbs or baguettes or " real" bread for sale...only the pre-packaged plastic bagged yuck stuff! I wasn't impressed, with a name such as Epicure, I expected more and better. Meh!
4	I love this place so far! There is fresh fruit and veg, frozen items, a big selection of sweets, cold-cuts, cheeses, a hot item case, salad bar, bakery, and breads! It's kind of small and cramped in some areas, but so far everything I tried has been good. They carry bread from Premier Moisson now, so they seem to be listening to what customers want. I tried a filo pastry with spinach and feta, some salads, cold-cuts and cheeses yesterday, and they all were good. I tried some pickled cherry tomatoes, and they also have pickled apples and other things to try if you're so inclined. Too bad I moved away, because this place would be somewhere I shop often if I still lived in Montreal.
3	It has loads crammed into this smallish space. Definitely specializes in Euro products, I noted Polish & Russian, especially for sodas & perogies.The candy section is large.I love the mille feuilles and eclairs (when they have them 8/10 times they are sold out); why don't they make more?From the survey questions this establishment seems to be classed as an eatery? It is a supermarket.It used to be part of Pare Lanes bowling alley.
4	My source for great Polish chocolateI've been here twice so far.   This grocery store features imported European specialties, especially in the sweets department.  I was delighted to find chocolate from Poland here.  I fell in love with Polish chocolates at a food trade show a couple of years ago, so I was thrilled to find a handsome selection of international bars and bulk sweets.  Goplana is my current fave.It's a bit out of the way for me, but I will definitely be back to try some other goodies.
2	Cheap, but pretty bad food-wise. They have an amazing selection of European chocolates and I haven't tried their baked goods, but the hot food is really not great. Very heavy, creamy and/or oily. They also towed my friends car!
