1	A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.
1	By far the worst McDonald's in the world.  Employees are to busy playing grab ass behind the counter, to get your order correct.  Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order, after waiting what seems an eternity.  I've even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru, only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac.  Save yourself the aggravation, and do not go here.
1	You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.
1	By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in theWorld. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.
