1	Overpriced and rude.. I wont give this place (or the asshole attendant) another cent of my money. There was a spot on my hood so I was using the squeegee to get it off (it was less then the size of a dime) when the attendant runs out and tells me to stop using the squeegee on my hood. His reasoning, that the next person to use it expects a clean squeegee.. this doesn't make one bit of sense.. what would be the difference of me cleaning dead bugs off of my windshield or from the hood of my car? Nothing. Whether I used it on my hood or on my windshield the squeegee is getting dirty. All it takes is one rude asshole to alienate a customer which he did with flying colors.
1	I have been frequenting gas stations for many years now and I have seen my fair share of dumps. I can't vouch for the quality of gas other than my car hasn't had fuel filter issues, but I can say the service there sucks. Their cc swipe on the pumps weren't working and I had to go in, to which I found two clerks chewing gum and leaning on the back wall behind the counter. I had to ask for them to ring me up. You would have thought that I asked them to change my tire. I know working at a gas station probably isn't their dream job, but it is their job at least for a little bit.
3	Pricey fuel but I appreciate this location that is near the freeway on Glendale/Lincoln.  I used to live nearby and this place is always clean and pretty nice.  It is very small but serves its purpose.
5	This 24 hour Gas Station is right on the corner of 16th Street and Glendale. Located right off of the 51 freeway. The small station is known to have quality gas but much higher prices. For me it is convienant that makes me a regular. The service here no matter what time of day is always friendly. I have never been to a gas station where the service people actually seem to like where they work. I am very impressed with the level of service I recieve from this service station. This location has a food mart with a variety of snacks, drinks and liquor. Lotto tickets, newspapers and other items are sold at this small food mart location.
5	Air! They have air, and you don't have to ask the attendant to turn it on. This is big bonus points in my book.Who's had to also dig around for quarters and be frustrated when the attendant won't turn it on, "ya gotta pay" is all they say! Not here, fellow Yelpers!!
