3	I stopped by on Day 2 of it's opening. All the sandwiches are served with chimichurri sauce and voila, you get the restaurant's name. There are about 5 different sandwich options as well as a few empanada choices. All the sandwiches are served on bread similar to that of a torta and when it comes right down to it, they basically are tortas-served on a loaf rather than a round. Meat, cheese, lettuce, peppers, mayo...if it tastes like a torta, looks like a torta, it is one. And I think this is where the restaurant will stumble. Sandwiches here go around $9.00 (accompanied by a smattering of fries). For a slightly lower price, you can go to the numerous Mexican restaurants that serve a far superior sammy.  The chimichurri sauce is solid but they need to mix it up (different flavor profiles, etc) if they want to make it for the long haul.
5	I have tried everything on the menu except the Chimmie Chicken. That is next. So far not a loser in the bunch. Homemade everything. The Bread is great and the sandwich is even better. Menu is small but I say do a few items really well rather then a bunch mediocre. This the do very well! The Provoleta cheese is awesome! An Empanada for $2.49 can't beat that anywhere. I will let you know once I have tried the Chimmie Chicken but until then go and try them you will not be disappointed.
1	Not a fan. Fries didn't taste good and didn't like the taste of the sandwiches at all. I won't be coming back.
2	Just ok.  Chicken empenada was good, but given its size should have cost closer to $1 not $2.39.  Sandwich wasn't very memorable.  Might try it again after they have a chance to work out the kinks.
3	As I drove by this location I noticed that the city had what appeared to be yet another sandwich restaurant.  For some reason though I still looked it up and found out that it was actually a South American sandwich place; my interests was then piqued.  This place is next to Curry in the Box in strip mall nettled in a nook off Fish Hatchery.  Walking in I was greeted by the owner of this new place.  It is a nice sized place and somewhere I could see myself stopping in for in the summer.The place has a very small menu.  If I remember correctly there are fries, sandwiches, and empanadas.  Not a sandwich person so I ordered fries and empanadas.  The fries are Argentinean style (apparently that is a thing) and are topped with eggs.  They have only 3 or  4 different types of empanadas so I decided to order one of each type; they were fairly small.  I think the fries would have been better off eaten at the restaurant.  I say this because by the time I got home, which mind you is literally two minutes away, they looked like fries with hard scrambled eggs on them.  In the picture in the restaurant however they looked to be soft scrambled eggs; I think I would have preferred this more.  Of the empanadas that I ate the only memorable one was the chicken.  It had nice sized cubed pieces in it.  I love to try to places and especially like supporting smaller places like this but I don't think I will add this place to my rotation.  I had the gnarliest stomach ache after eating here. It could be that it was something else or that I order 4 items that were pretty much deep fried who knows.  I just wasn't as impressed as I expected to be. With that said however, this place is pretty close to me so I could see myself walking down there and ordering an fries or an empanada if I'm in the mood.
5	I was not sure what to expect until I walked into Chimmies.  The place looks very professional with sharp colors and clean menu. We tried the 2 panini sandwiches of turkey and ham (which were really good) and a vegi and chicken empanada.  Those were tasty as well.  I will be back soon to try there regular sandwiches and venenzuelan style fries.
5	I had the Chimmie Chimmie, and it was incredibly good. The flavors and taste are very unique. There are a million sub places in Madison and surrounding areas, but the ones you want to go to are the ones who offer something different, while still being delicious. Chimmies is one of those, and it will be on my short list of places to go when I want a sub. My wife had the Hot Press Roast Beef and she enjoyed it as well. I had about a quarter of it, and I thought it was fantastic. The bread was nice and flaky but fluffy on the inside like a good hot press sandwich should be. The fries that came with my Chimmie tasted almost exactly like McDonalds fries. Which isn't bad, because they're pretty well known and liked. We've never actually run across fries that tasted so close to them before. While a bit more expensive than most places by a few dollars, you do get a full meal out of it, and again, the taste of the sandwiches is unique which is the most important thing in my book.
3	New sand which joint in town so I gave it a try. The place is nice and clean and had a friendly staff. Not a huge menu but there was a good variety of sandwiches. The staff suggested the Chimmie chimme so I gave it a try. I was not impressed with the flavors.  The meat was tough and the overall sandwich was oily and soggy. I also tried the chicken empanada. I really wanted to like it but the chicken was dry on the inside. The flavor was better than the sandwich. Overall, nice place but the food was lacking.
4	Overall leaning towards a lukewarm 3.5 here, but still viable on the pickup sammich market. I got pickup and ordered the Nelson-- a veggie sub [shoutout to my homey Mikey Pollan]. It was a bit on the greasy side and the bread was a little soggy. However, the veggies were that next level shit. I mean the onions were char-grilled and had a very crisp texture to them. The onions were pretty much the highlight of the sandwich, and I mean that in a good way. The green peppers didn't seem to get the same treatment, or maybe it was the sauce, but they seemed a little overcooked or soggy. Second best part: Egg. Scrambled egg is a godsend on a veggie sammich, and this was no exception. There was some spinach and high quality tomato on there but it was mostly overpowered by the previously mentioned ingredients.At 8.50 ish per big sandwich, you get fries and a pretty filling sub. I would say a large lunch or a medium dinner. Fries are nothing special, they're the kind that aren't supposed to be crispy. I guess some people like that, but it seems like a letdown to me. They also have smaller sandwiches at the 6.50 price point which I intend to try at some point, if I do I will update here.It took about 25 minutes to get my sub, even though they seemed a little understaffed. So, faster than curry in the box next door but probably slower than Jimmy John's/Milio's/etc.On the whole very satisfying, I would go here again.
4	Chimmies is a new Argentinian Sandwich place located next to curry in the box. The name " Chimmies" is short for ChimiChurri. If you don't like Chimichurri this might not be for you. Almost all the sandwiches have chimmichurri on them, and the empanadas are also served with- you guessed it- chimmichurri. So first things first- their chimmichurri is good! Which makes everything else pretty darn yummy as well. My husband and I went there for lunch and decided to split a Chimmie Chimmie, and 2 empanadas- a chicken and corn. When we went the place was pretty empty, we were greeted by the staff immediately. After ordering we took a seat. Our food arrived quickly and hot. The guy also bought us some extra napkins, and salt and pepper to the table. Plus points for service!!The "Chimmie- Chimmie" was fantastic. The multiple layers of flavor worked well together. The tender beef with the the fired egg, the chimmichurri, mayo and vegetables- seemed like a lot- but worked  so wonderfully. The bread was of good quality. I would order this again and again!The chicken empanada was flavorful and well spiced if a little small. The corn empanada did not work for me- the mashed corn had a strange texture and was a little too one note, and again the empanda was a little small. I would definitely go back, and am excited to try more of the sandwiches. I am worried about the location- there has not been much luck at this particular spot, but for flavorful sandwich lovers in Madison- I hope it survives!!
4	I tried Chimmies for lunch today with my dad after he had read an article about the new Argentinian sandwich place in the newspaper. The place was a little bit difficult to spot but once we got there, we were excited to try some new food! We went around 12pm and were the only customers in the restaurant at first, so we hardly had to wait for our food. I ordered the hot press-turkey sandwich, my dad ordered the chimmie chimmie, and we split an order of the chicken empanadas. It was all excellent. I took a bite of my dad's sandwich and was originally scared off by how all those ingredients would work together, but I think I will be ordering that next time I go. My sandwich was delicious and filling as well, and the chicken empanadas were really good (except a bit small for how much they cost). My favorite thing was definitely chimichurri sauce. It was on mine and my dad's sandwich, and a side of it was served with the empanadas. Overall, the food was great and the service was awesome. My only wish is that they would have had a bigger menu with more sandwiches and side options.It was a great find!
