4	I've been a credit union owner for three years now. I'm not exactly sure what all the benefits are, so this review is really based on the location & services provided versus the benefits of being a member of a credit union.So for those reasons of the betterment of my finances that I am unaware of... 1 star :]Facilities:  Obviously like any bank, they provide tellers & ATM's. Nothing special, all the necessary goods here.Employees: They're all pretty nice & know what they're doing. I guess what's cool is that once you're a regular they stop asking for your ID & pin and stuff making the trip faster.. Okay, sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name ;] 3 Stars.Parking:Really cramped.. I don't really blame them. I guess they never really saw the need for a huge lot. However, this means one less star today :[Like I said, not sure how it's supposedly fancier than a bank.. I get in, out, and move on.
5	I was able to get in and out on a very timely manner.  I had a several questions which Kathleen answered, I opened a checking account, got a direct deposit slip for my employer all within 10min. As I walked into the teller area she greeted me from afar and welcomed me over to her booth.  Quick, easy, no line at 9:20am.
1	I've been with them for 15+ years and never had any problems until now. With their new upgraded computer system, I can not get into my account on a regular basis. Today, I found out their collections department department cashed my CD of $20,000 bec. I was 2 payments behind ($900) and decided to pay off a loan I had with them WITHOUT my permission!! No one has called me back (although I've left messages with the manager and collections supervisor) except the clerk Skyler in collections who decided to do this on her own without my authority and agreement. Tomorrow, I will be pulling out the rest of my CD money bec. who knows where else they will decide to put my money.
5	I have been going to the Clark County Credit Union for 10 years now and I absolutely love this location and the employees there. Everyone there is always so helpful and very friendly, there really care about there customers!I highly recommend going to this location..
5	Been with Clark County Credit Union over 12 years and wouldn't bank any where else.  Love all my tellers!!
1	I felt very confident signing up with them since a couple people had recommended them to me. However, I have an issue with the customer service and organization(or lack there of). Which is a disappointment because that was supposed to be there selling point. They had needed proof of address, which I sent to them by email. I got no reply, so two days later I followed up with them. I got one reply from someone saying they never received the email and then about an hour later I got another email from someone else saying they found it and would be forwarding it to the proper people. Then, I receive a call almost two weeks later stating that they would close my account by this Saturday if I did not provide proof of address.  I called back stating that I had provided it and was told it was taken care of. The "gentleman" on the phone asked me to forward the email to him and I could tell by his tone that he thought I was lying, not sure why. Anyway, I deleted the original emails, so unfortunately I didn't have the one stating it was taken care of. All I had were the ones in my sent inbox. So, I just sent him the proof again. I don't understand why they went about it this way, but the guy that called me really sealed the deal for me that I will be closing the account anyway. Clueless and rude. None of this makes much sense to me because even if they closed the account I get my money back and they lose a customer.
