5	Was very pleased with the work they did on my versa! It got crunched on vacation in San Diego and they fixed it up like new! They wash your car inside and out too, as a courtesy. I think that's awesome. They even put a temporary fix on my right front quarter-panel for free, which wasn't even part of the accident! Thanks Jim!
5	I was beyond impressed with this place! I had the unfortunate experience of getting side swiped leaving my poor car with a scrape down its side. Gerber is teamed with Geico, the insurer for the guy who hit me, and I was told to come in, drop off my car, and they would have a rental waiting for me. Everything went exactly as they said. I dropped my car off and was on the road again within 10 minutes. The repairs went relatively quickly for what they had to do and when I picked it up I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. The main thing that I loved about them was their follow through. If they said they were going to call on Tuesday afternoon they called on Tuesday afternoon. I would use and recommend them to anyone!
4	Had a small miscommunication with the shop at first about 'replacement' vs 'repair', but they were quick to do everything they could to make up for it. A+ for effort. The team took their time to explain everything and assure me that repairs are guaranteed for life. Even though I wanted replacement they stood by their repair. They went as far as giving me cell phone numbers and promises. Sounds cheesy, but it worked for me. Due to their "hands on" explanations, sometimes their consultations take a little extra time. I only got mildly annoyed when the rep was 15 minutes late for my appointment (which was my mistake to plan during MY lunch break which coincided with lunch breaks of other Gerber reps too). I had to sit in the lobby listening to two employees discuss their workout routines and diets. Have back-office talk in the back-office!... As for quality of work, I've been impressed so far but it hasn't been more than a week. I was also happy to see the car washed upon return. Little things like that create return business for me. I'd use them again, and recommend them to all.
5	Accidents are seldom a pleasant experience but with Gerber Collision & Glass at the helm, this Gilligan was happy to have them as his Skipper.As accidents go, this was nothing more than parking lot scratch damage at 35mph.  My first mate, Commander Obvious, let out a gasp when my vehicle got nudged from the rear and stated, "that person just hit you."  Without her crucial observation, the Minnow would be lost, but I digress.At the other driver's insurance company's recommendation, I took my car to Gerber Collision & Glass.  Now, my ability to gauge the costs of repairs would keep me from ever getting on stage at the Price is Right.  This isn't exactly a nail polish/magic marker repair shop.  These guys are what you might call professionals, so although the damage was minor, the extent to which Gerber went to make the repairs was major.I showed the damage to one of their estimators, Belle, who was very personable through out the experience.  Not the kind of girl that's afraid of getting her hands dirty, and probably would have wiped the tire smudge off of my wheels if she had the afternoon free.  And yes that sounds 'dirty' but there was actually rubber left on my wheels from...nevermind...It took about a week to get everything done and it showed.  In fact, I think my car came out looking better than it did before the accident.  I don't know if they have the Keebler elves on staff or if platform 9 3/4 is close by but I was thoroughly impressed.  It's no wonder they guarantee their repairs for as long as I own my car.Would I take my car there again?  Yes.Would I recommend them to a friend?  Absolutely!Was I dismayed that I didn't overhear details of workout routines and diets?  You betcha.Seriously though, if  you  want  your  car  repaired  right, this is the place to go.
1	When the liable insurance company requested that I visit Gerber to receive a quote for my vehicle damages, it was as if a joke was being played on me.  Upon arriving at Gerber for my scheduled appointment, I was greeted by no one and only after someone had to check the printer paper was I acknowledged.  Not only did they have my name incorrect in their system for the appointment, they also had the incorrect vehicle.  After five minutes of figuring out whom I was, a two minute vehicle inspection and fifteen minutes of paperwork prep, I was free to leave with their less than satisfactory estimate.  I have given Gerber such a poor rating because of the poor customer service that I received from the initial phone call to the actual estimate.
5	About a month ago I was hit by an uninsured driver in my scion Tc. I was devastated as I'm a college student and I had every extra penny I ever earned in this car. I built my car from stock by myself into a beautiful street car. When I was hit I really had no hope that my car would ever be the same again, or if it was even fixable. Luckily I am fully insured and so is every after market part on my car. I took my car to Jim Caniga at gerber and with in three weeks I had it back in my position. To my surprise the car looked perfect. He even went the extra mile and fixed a few previous problems the car had before the wreck. Not only that they replicated all the details that I had spent long hours in my garage doing. These guys are truly great! I'm very satisfied and would recommend these class act guys to anyone in need! Jim Caniga sent me picture email updates of the whole process and kept me very informed. Jim himself is a one in a million class act. Thanks guys!
4	I ran over a bumper on the highway doing about 70 MPH and made an insurance claim for the repairs. Gerber did a great job arranging the rental, completing the work in a timely fashion, and treating me like an individual .  The manager there was really cool with me.  He communicated frequently and was friendly to deal with. This is a top-notch place for getting stuff done...when it comes to having the insurance pay for the work it is no big deal but I do think the prices they charged were more than I would be willing to pay out of pocket for the work.  For a bumper and the undercarriage plastic underneath it was something like $1300ish....to me that is super expensive for a 12 year old car.  Especially when an new bumper and paint from  another paint shop was not even a third of the Gerber cost.Good place ...good quality...but those things cost.
2	Really loosing patience with this place. Took my car in first time cause the head light was facing straight down. Second time the bumper was starting to bow out and the paint job was starting to crack. One day later the bumper is starting to bow out again  meaning I need to bring it back again.
3	I brought my car back again to fix the bumper that was bowing out after they contacted me when they read my reviews. I guess some do read these reviews. I'm hoping I never have to take it back again.Looks like I'll be back again to have the brights adjusted. The last time I took it in I got the dims adjusted but they never adjusted both of them. I'm really tired of going back again. Just might take it someplace else.
5	FANTASTIC work AND customer service. I have never been happier with an auto company, especially a repair shop. Everyone was very helpful, pretty quick, and seemed to have genuine care about you and you car/cars service. Not to mention the work they did was superb* and they went above and beyond (in my mind). They fixed some minor things that weren't "on the list" of things to fix, and I am grateful for it! Thanks so much you guys - I WILL be coming back (my car has a lot of other issues needing attention) so these guys will be who I bring it to. If I wasn't reversed into, I would have never known how affordable, quick, friendly, and efficient these guys are. Thanks again guys :)
5	As mentioned in my above (er...below) review, I did bring it back (this week!) Again, stellar service and everything is working fantastic. I had shocks replaced and brought in fog lights I have had hanging around for forever. Very thankful for their service and hard work :)
5	Fantastic customer service and quality of repair.  I brought my car here after a collision with a Geico policy holder.  This was the recommended provider, to my delight the rental car agent was in-house, and the adjuster also located in their office.  How easy!  Within a few minutes of dropping it off I had a rental car and was on my way.  Just a few days later, substantial damage was completely repaired.  I loved that they went above and beyond with helping me with a special request.  They've invited me back for an additional correction and were completely accommodative and supportive.  Thank you for making my car look better then it started off before the accident.  Seriously this place is perfect!
5	From start to finish, Gerber Collision had great customer service with regular updates and friendly, yet knowledgeable answers to my questions.For example, I am extra picky. I took my car back multiple times to get everything just right and Brian graciously handled every situation quickly and seamlessly.  Brian also quickly handled an annoying payment issue with "the other guys" insurance company in mere minutes. That's the kind of expertise you don't get just anywhere. Also, the waiting area has comfortable black leather chairs, a Keurig coffee station and a flat screen tv to help the wait time pass in a flash. At no time did I feel like my car wasn't in the best of hands, and I greatly recommend this establishment to help you get your car looking like new.
