5	I absolutely Love Dera me being a meat eater I always subconciously judge an Indian restaurant by their lamb biryani. Dera always seems to have a good consistency for lamb biryanis, with the good recipe for the biryani and the meat staying always tender so you can smell the curry from the rice. I also highly reccomend their brain masala, butter chicken and beef jalfrezi. A big highlight is their rice milk pudding which is perfectly made, extremely creamy with nuts and just a little tiny hint of rosewater. They have a big room for guests and the location not that hard to get around to at all. However, the Staff is a little all over the place. They are all girls serving in trolley trays, but most can decently communicate in english and french. Over all a great place for good Pakistani food.
4	Dera is a relatively new Pakistani restaurant in Parc-Ex. The food is good, we tried the Channa Samosa, Kebab Masala, Biryani and Mutton Karahi and they were good. Their ambiance and decor is very good and the service is fast.
4	Dera is by far the most beautiful restaurant in Parc Extension.The decor is airy and the tables are well laid out, you could hardly tell this used to be a bank. The food itself has vastly improved since they first opened, but still not up to par with the heavyweights on Jarry and Jea-Talon Street.The standout the last time were the Chicken Tikka, succulent breast freshly grilled.The Lamb Okra was re-heated (oil separated), but still tasty.We also had a lamb byriani, which was ok,  (We wanted Pulao Rice, but was not on their menu, only saw it on blackboard when leaving).My Pakistani friend says his people love meat with bones stil on them, most dishes here give you a boneless and non-boneless option. He loved the lamb, I didn't care for it, I would prefer chicken dishes next time.The service is very distant, lowered gazes, almost no talking or interaction. It's a given here. The food used to be much worse (and much cheaper), when they first opened, so this is a restaurant going in the right direction. There are about 5 Pakistani Restaurants in Parc-Ex, and Dera overall seems to be in the lead.
1	Attention costumers!Please disregard any positive reviews concerning this restaurant.  These reviewers have never eaten real Indian foods in their lives.  This is by far one of the worst Indian restaurants in the world. Every dish that I ordered was warm or cold. The butter chicken was bland and the naan bread was hard.  None of the dishes tasted good at all. It is also a very dirty restaurant.  They use the same cart to bring out food and to put dirty dishes on.  Maison Indian Curry House is by far the best indian restaurant in Montreal.By the way they don't serve alcohol and you cannot bring your own wine either.
