2	After the sad moving, then closing, of the local co-op, carless me tried to make do with my local market. Unfortunately, the relationship just isn't working. There's nothing wrong with offering cheap groceries, but you want some degree of quality as well. Rollins seems to consistently sell whatever is the cheapest version of whatever item your looking for. While that may be just fine to augment other goods bought elsewhere, it is impossible to get a good supply of food from it. Anything slightly out of the mainstream can not be found here. Maybe I'm just spoiled after years of the co-op and Whole Foods, but as much as I love cooking, eating out is now the only option due to the poor selection over at Rollins.
1	Twice in the past month I have had purchased spoiled cheese and now a gallon of milk.  While the manager has made good on his promise to reimburse me, it is quite distressing to go to the length of having to return to the store and purchase more items that are inferior.  Milk and cheese are not inexpensive items and for me to have to walk back to the store to be reimbursed, I have discovered after purchasing spoiled milk, I no longer want to shop at Rollins.  Yes, I called again to let the manager know of the spoiled merchandise, and his response was, throw the milk away, come back to the store and I will buy you fresh milk.  Well, needless to say, while he may purchase 'fresh' milk for me, I again say, I am NOT returning to Rollins ever again.  I thought about buying some hamburger one time, but decided after we'd bought the cheese and found it to be quite funky, I looked at the thermometer in the meat section and discovered that the temperature was reading near the spoilage mark on it and changed my mind about purchasing meat or cheese from that section of the so-called refrigerated section again.  I refuse to pay the higher price for name-brand cheese when I can go to a chain grocery store and get it on sale.   I am very disappointed with my corner grocery store and am sad to say I will not return.
2	I call this place Ghetto Mart. It smells like rancid grease and salmonella. But there have a been a few times (a few and only a few) where I needed laundry soap, or syrup or something. I would never buy produce here for any reason. Prices are expensive too. Tempe is in desperate need of a grocery store. (Fresh and Easy, are you listening!) Ghetto Mart, I mean Rollins Market, is not the answer. You're better off making the trip a few miles south to a real grocery store.
3	I couldn't agree more with the previous 5 or so reviews.  This side of town desperately needs a better grocery store.  Yes, Rollins is too expensive, their selection is weak, and their produce is gross most of the time.  However, I can't count the number of times when I needed something random like laundry detergent or cough drops and good ole' Rollins Market is right there to give me what I need.The hours are good and the people that work there are always pretty friendly.  They also have some authentic Mexican food stuffs if that is what you are looking for.Though I wish there was something better nearby, I will still continue to visit Rollins about once a month for 1 or 2 things.
4	I think Rollin's Market is fine.  Rollin's is about 150 yards from my place of residence.  If I want fancy canned goods, rare game or fruits unknown, I'll go to the appropriate market.  In the meantime, Rollin's has everything I need.For my first visit, I took my son to see what they had to offer.  I had read reviews of spoiled fruit and bug-laden flour.  I owed it to myself to check out this market; if only for their liquor section.Their liquor section was decent.  As far as Tempe goes, it's not going to compete with a downtown Circle K.  There is a lot of cooler space, but imports and Taster's Choice selections are, unsurprisingly, limited.  I did, however, discover tall bottles of Stella Artois for less than $3 each.  Again, not a bargain, but definitely not bad for WALKING DISTANCE.  BTW, beer and wine only -- they don't sell hard liquor.  The wine selection is limited.  $7.99 for Barefoot.  You get the idea.The deli counters were unique and adventurous.  The salsa is homemade and plentiful.  You have no idea what you're missing.  They serve breakfast all day and offer a pancakes and sausage or bacon platter for $3.99.  Would you pay someone else $4 to make you pancakes and bacon?  Shut up.  You know you would.I took a good look at the produce.  I didn't see wrinkled limes, lemons or apples.  There was average-looking pineapple and cantaloupe.  Surprisingly, there was a lot of produce...including stuff you wouldn't normally see.  Jicama!  Tomatillos!What was interesting was when I tried to leave.  The guy behind the deli hopped out and asked me what I was looking for, duly noting that I had not made a purchase.  The guy took a special interest in what I needed.  I told him I wanted a burrito, but they were all out in the deli.  He told me to wait and then made me a burrito right there on the spot.  He then proceeded to mark it as 1/2 off.  I can't argue with that kind of service.  These people are working hard to earn their market!  I tell you what...  It's small.  It's strange.  It's unlike most stores in the west, but it's a pretty common thing in the east.  Regardless, it's a cool place and it's earned my business. It's not AJ's fine foods, but it doesn't have to be.  If you want organic produce, then go out and look for it.  In the meantime, Rollin's has my necessities and Saturday morning breakfast covered.
3	Not the cleanest or cheapest market out there, but they do have some great carne asada.  I use this place for quick items (lemons, green onions, etc.) that I may have forgotten at the store and don't want to drive out to get.
4	Rollins may not be "clean" or "fresh" or "happy" or "a store," but you know what?  It's MY store and if you don't like it you can amscray!Rollins has gotten its shit together much more so in the past two years or so since the first time I visited.  It used to be that their produce selection was often-times brown, deflated and covered in fruit flies.  To this day, they don't have a lot of essentials like they never, ever have oranges and their apples are kinda mealy, but, fuck it, they offer most of the things that I need anyway.  If I need to get fruit, Rollins is pretty much the last place on my mind... I'd rather scour alleyways in search of fruit trees sometimes.But when Rollins has something in its favor, it really works out well.  Their meat selection is generally pretty inexpensive and fucking awesome.  I wanted to get a pork shoulder to throw in the crockpot to make pulled pork and I asked the butcher if he had one in back and he was stoked.  It seemed like no one ever asked him for special cuts, because he hopped to and gave it to me cheap-as-shit.One time I asked a dude working there if they had tongs for sale.  They didn't, so he gave me his pair that he uses at the deli for free.Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a little ghetto and sometimes even a little sad, but goddamnit, this is my neighborhood store and they treat me well.  They're happy to see me and they remember me when I come back.
4	The best carne asada ... I have tried many places in the Phoenix-metro and this place rocks! Its flavorful and tender!  We always get for NASCAR and grill up with tortillas and potatoes, the next morning I scramble it in with eggs and potatoes and add salsa and it gets even better! We make special trips to Tempe just to get!
2	Okay, Rollins is convenient but I went in today and I saw two other dudes searching the store for essentials and I think all three of us avoided the produce section this morning, everything just looked old and just about to slide over into rotten. Basically, the store needs some better turnover in its produce. Now the meat section, still one of the best deals in town but produce, Rollins, produce..at least make it somewhat attractive! I wanted a Cantaloupe for breakfast but the two they had in the produce section were just too far gone to be appealing, which is too bad.
2	Okay, just so you know, this is an update on my prior review and though I'm not yet changing the review status, I noticed that the owner of the grocery store is starting to spruce things up a bit. The store feels cleaner and I'm noticing a better selection of items and best of all, it is close and accordingly, for small items, I still shop here. It is not my primary grocery source (Sunflower Market on Southern and McClintock gets most of that business) but for staple items, I do stop in here.The meat selection is still one of the best deals in town and I hope the store continues to evolve and capture more of the new and emerging business in the area. I guess I have to agree with Billy R's review, its "MY" local store so it has a warm fuzzy place in my heart and I'd rather have it there than not have it and I look forward to doing a future review and moving up my evaluation.
3	My husband and I both lived near here at different times while attending ASU.  Is it kind of dirty?  Yes.  Is the produce occasionally really obviously NOT ok?  Yes.  But the REALLY legit Mexican cheese, tortillas, marinated meats and extensive hot sauce assortment makes up for it.The corner market feel is still warm and welcoming even though it's not the cleanest place around.  The best thing about being a broke college student in Arizona is the accessibility and affordability of Mexican food and ingredients.  Rollins kept us pretty happy for some time.
1	Convenient! Close to home! Lots of groceries! And spoiled milk. Went here a few times because of the convenient location. It's kind of "ghetto", but I got over it- they have a variety of things. But really, the gallon of milk I paid $4 for was very very spoiled. Spoiled to the point of food handling negligence, as the expiration date was fine. The store, or their vendors need to take a lesson in food handling, or they will make many more people sick. I will no longer be trusting the food here. I'll be driving the extra mile and a half to Safeway from now on. What a shame :(
1	This place is horrible the food on the shelves are dusty or expired  the cheese was moldy the meats smell  the employees are nasty and don't care   how is this place even passing health codes.
3	I'd give it 2 1/2 stars if I could.  Rollins is better than nothing, and on this side of Tempe, that's exactly what we have as alternatives--nothing.  Pros: great meat department, since there is a butcher on premises, convenience, baked goods, employees are relatively friendly.Cons: wilted, withered produce, often overpriced items (not all of them, to be fair,) and some fuzzy-looking stuff in the freezer.  Some of the items on the shelves look like they've been there since the Clinton administration. Still, if you're desperate, it can save you a drive.  I just don't understand how it's possible for this end of Tempe to have absolutely no alternatives.
2	A little family owned market that's been around for over 10 years. Everything is pricey, but that's what you pay when you need something quick and not too far. I usually get the rotisserie chicken or the hot wings there. The rotisserie chicken can sometimes be too salty, just depends which cook is cooking that day. The hot wings are decent, falls right off the bone, but could use more flavors.
1	Absolutely disgusting. Filthy floors and shelves, garbage in the corners...astonishing they're still in business. Oh yeah, and they sold me moldy cheese - I got home, went to make a sandwich and discovered a colony of very green life forms on my mild cheddar slices. Will not be returning. Stay away, unless you're a sanitation professional on a mission.
3	I just moved to Tempe about a week ago, and being that I am without a car I googled grocery nearby and found Rollins. It is literally across the street from my house so I decided to look at the review. I was scared based off what I saw but I was hungry and I didn't want to go wandering around looking for another store.Luckily, it was not as dirty or smelly as I had read in previous reviews. It seemed relatively clean to me, in fact. There wasn't a huge selection of items, but I really was only there to get some ramen. I wandered around a little bit, and the store seemed fine, though I didn't really check the produce or meat.My biggest complaint about this store is the price. Ramen, soups, and chips are 1.5/2 times as much here as it is in basically every other store I've been too. I am poor, and have only a few dollars to my name, so this is my biggest hold back from going here right now.
4	Now that I am settled in here and have money in my pocket, I am able to actually shop at Rollins. I come here quite often because it is, as I said before, literally across the street from my house. Being that I don't have a car, it is extremely convenient. There still is not a lot of options, and I've gotten produce there that wasn't quite right, but overall it's not too bad.The biggest reason I come here is that it is so convenient, however I still have problem with pricing. It is WAY too expensive! Ramen is 49 cents there, when everywhere else carries for 25 cents. Soups are expensive, bread, cereal, eggs, milk, just everything. Sometimes I get a friend of mine to drive me to a different store if I'm low on money because it's really that expensive in my opinion. I wish they would drop their prices slightly.
