1	Okay, I have lived in Phoenix and in LA. I have always thought LA was more expensive until my experience at Maroney's Cleaners. Holy Crap Ohla!!! I paid $7.65 for a pair of lined pants to get cleaned by them. Now, I have paid anywhere from $1.50 to $5.50 but are you kidding me $7.65. Then to top it off...I was a bit disappointed in the actual dry cleaning service because my pants were not perfect!!! So, after I was done throwing a temper-tantrum in the tahoe I then proceeded to call and text everyone I know (okay just kidding) about my frustrations. The drive up service is convenient however the price is NOT WORTH IT!!!
1	Soooo expensive.  They come up with arbitrary charges that end up costing an arm and a leg.  They also ripped the seam on one of my shirts in the process of cleaning it.  Would NOT recommend.  There is a $2.25 dry cleaner right down the street on Indian School that I've started going to instead.
4	To be honest I haven't looked at the prices. I'm so in love with the pick up and drop off service I've chosen to remain in denial. That being said...I freakin' love Maroney's. And Randy, my delivery guy, is super friendly and polite. Poor dude. He gets to see me at 7am before I've brushed my teeth or put any product in my  hair. Eee Gadz!My man threads have never looked better!So I say, no baloney, check out Maroney's. See ya Monday bright and early Randy!
1	Overpriced!They don't clean your clothes any better than any other cleaners, but you pay for the convenience of the drive-up service.Unless there's some reason that you can't get out of your car, I'd advise driving past this place and taking the time to walk in somewhere else.
5	I needed my suit for the big Noche de Gourmet event and since I do not wear it very often it was looking pretty wrinkled. But presto it was done -  Rich - Thanks again for getting my order done in 24 hours.
1	Not impressed. Dropped a tablecloth for a work event off here and was told would take two weeks because of the size.  Seems a bit long but this is the first time I've left a non-clothing item anywhere so, ok. Called day before expected date of completion to confirm and was told it would be ready at 5pm and I said I'd be by the next am. I roll in and it's not done!  Pointing fingers and asking who I spoke to?  Didn't think to ask unless I was told it wasn't going to be ready.  Woman was apologetic. Writing this review in the parking lot while they press it. It was just going to be washed in cold water, hung to dry and pressed. No cost taken off the $30.
1	So I dropped off tow shirts a few days ago for dry cleaning.I ask the guy how much and he said 6.95 and I have to pay when I pick em up.Picked up the shirts today and the total was $13.90The 1st and last time I went to Maroney's.Those guys should be in the money laundry business IMHO.
5	I've been coming here for awhile. Recently I had a button that was falling off a pair of dress pants, someone at Maroney's took the time to sow my button back on without even being asked. And I'm fairly certain I wasn't charged for it either. I come here every week with work clothes and will definitely keep coming back!
