5	Great work and prices! I would highly recommend Trees for Needs. Very friendly staff and efficient workers.
5	Have had these guys out to trim my trees twice now. I couldn't ask for better service. The arborists are timely and do a great job with the trees. They even entertained my 3 year old, who really thought they had a cool job because they got to climb trees! The work they did on the trees is fantastic and lasts much longer than a trimming you might get from a general landscaper. They thin the trees out nicely leaving just enough branches intact so that it grows back looking natural. Even my giant Mesquite  went two years without the need for a major trim! Would highly recommend!
1	I've been waiting a few weeks before posting a review because I wanted to be as fair as possible. On the good side, this company was prompt to return my calls & were sort of on time to appear (they came at the very tail end of their time window.)On the bad side, they sent someone who didn't speak very much English & he couldn't understand what I wanted to have done on the trees. I was really hoping for a real arborist who could help me understand the different options, but I ended up just pointing and hoping for the best. When I came back after running some quick errands, I found most of my tree on the ground & somehow it still looked as scraggly as it started! I called the owner to complain and he said a) that I didn't know what I was talking about, b) that I was looking for a free trim job, and c) that he could come by to look at it and to tell me that he thought it looked good (his opinion from the few cell phone photos that the trimming guy sent to him.)They've been calling every few days to see when they could come and tell me that the tree looks fine, but honestly, I don't think that will help me feel better at all. I don't really want to talk to them again after being so insulted when I was really upset over the bad trim my tree had gotten from them...Maybe if you speak Spanish and already know everything you need to know about trees, this would be an okay company to try, but I think that the owner should really consider whether or not he should personally meet new clients to better understand their needs and also really, really consider what he says to them.
5	We have used Trees for Needs for years and could not be happier.  The knowledge and care that Carl puts into his work is amazing.  Carl is a Botanist, not a landscaper, and can address problems you can't begin to imagine.  Every single encounter has been professional and on target.  His crew has saved our trees time and time again by proper trimming, correct watering amounts and speed and certain specialized fertilizers.  You get what you pay for, and we were tired of having to replace trees.  His prices are very competitive.  If you are clear about your concerns during evaluation by Carl, he then sends his crew on the appointed day and they do a wonderful, top notch job.  Too bad you don't have more stars!
