4	A little oasis of pinoy/Filipino culture on the edge of town. They have: fresh noodles, fresh vegetables, herbs, frozen meats, juices [Guayabano, Calamansi, Mogu Mogu, coconut juice, etc], spice packs, lumpia, shumai, BBQ chicken & pork skewers, sausages [frozen & dried], purses, beauty products & soaps, magazines, snacks [cookies, coconut fruit jellies, chips, peanuts]  and more. It's a small space but they pack a lot of items in, with much of the fish and meat available in opaque coolers. It's worth digging! A package of pork belly chunks for under $2 in this neighborhood is a nice find. They also have various types of Pinoy bbq that look awesome, but I have not tried yet. Their peanuts are great, though!    I admit, the vegetables sometimes have an off day. But it's not often, and what's available can be hard to find on this side of town! The selection of vegetables alone makes it worth going; lots of fresh herbs, bitter melon and various other yummies.+ Hello Panda cookies. The boy was very happy to find them on the shelves there. :} The little cookies have crisp outer shells with cute panda characters printed on them and creamy insides with various flavors. I've had them before and loved them. + Coconut fruit jellies! Reminds me of shopping at a Korean grocery when I was really young and stocking up something like these :] They're juicy, chewy little jellies in portable cups. They  can be a little messy, but they're refreshing and fun! And really low in calories for a sweet treat, so it's a nice thing to pack in your work-day lunch for a little sweetness.  It's a useful little store in a shopping center with a circle K, Not as impressive as a store in china town, but it's a respectable little operation on this side of town!
4	It's a grocery store with all the filipino grocery items all packed into this tiny place.  Very clean, organized, and the place  didnt have any overpowering fishy aroma like other places Ive been to. The prices are a little higher though, but I still save $$ on gas an save time going to the places on Maryland. Glad I stumbled upon it since its closer to where I live. Good thing since I love halo halo I have a place to run to nearby that has all the ingredients for it!
4	small, but has lots of goodies. :)I will be returning.
3	Not my first choice when it comes to asian markets but it is in my neighborhood and easy to get to for those on the east side/hendo side of town.The store is small and when walking through with my hunny and child, it can be a little cramped. However, what I do love about this place is that they definitely have what I need, when I need it. You will find your filipino staples here with absolutely no problem. So if you are in need of a few items to pick up, then this is definitely the place to go.Also depending on the day, they have an assortment of warm/hot food to choose from. These have been surprisingly good.
3	Small, convenient, Filipino store on the east side of town! Lots of ingredients, canned goods, fresh and frozen produce, snacks, and baked goods to choose from! Fairly clean and organized, helpful and friendly staff! They also have phone cards and offer a balikbayan (big box of goods to be sent to the PI) service!
3	Okay. What a trip.So, I copied and paste the address from Yelp into my GPS, and was taken on a wild goose chase. Had me behind the silverbowl, cutting through neighborhoods, all kinds of crap.It is in the circle K parking lot, however, it is behind all that. It is closer to the Roberto's and the salon/check cashing place.Tight squeeze doesn't even begin to describe how small the isles are here. An employee was stalking the shelves, and her and I could barely squeeze by one another to fit. The shelves are crammed with items, and pricing is hard to figure out, because there is just so many things. I found the boba that I was looking for (a quick boil, that takes 5 minutes to make). I grabbed a few bags of those, but their debit/credit card policy is $10 or get charged a fee. Luckily, I found a sweet roll that my daughter really loves. No one really acknowledged me, kind of lame... IF you can manage the tight squeeze, and you know exactly what you want, and where it is, you shouldn't have a problem.
4	This is a small, but full Asian store! It's got all the basics and it is about 5 minutes from my home. It's great for when I need something that can't be found at the usual grocery store. Their prices are also very good, some of the best in town for Asian goods. I still need to go to some of the bugger stores for more specific items, but for its location, good prices, and well-stocked shelves, it is a store I keep returning to.
