5	I love when restaurants clearly have a specialty, you just know that they focus on that one thing and do it right. La Chilenita is all about the empanadas, and man, are they ever good!La Chilenita has 3 locations around the plateau, but I like this one the best because you can watch them make all the empanadas. Everything from flattening out the dough to wrapping them up. La Chilenita has a great variety of fillings for their empanadas, and about half are vegetarian. So far I've tried 3 kinds and they've all been delicious. I've also tried their churrasco sandwich, which was amazing, too. I may just have to try their burrito next.For about $6 you can have a great lunch at La Chilenita , but unfortunately they close at 6pm (at least on weekdays). I found that out the hard way when I tried to pick up some dinner after work!Update: They just posted summer hours, they close at 4pm now! This is definitely a lunch spot.
3	The Chilenita they have the best empanada in town. It's a great place to take out or sit down for lunch. The staff is friendly. The food is so good. The price is affordable. There no other place that has 13 different empanada's to choose from. I love the Chilenita.
5	Practically every country in the world has some variation of the meat-or veggie stuffed baked or fried turnover. In Jamaica, they have patties. In India they have samosas. In Turkey, they have borek. In Latin America, they have empanadas.La Chilenita is ground zero if you want empanadas done right. Mind you there are regional differences among South American countries and how they make their empanadas (Argentines for instance fill their's with more meat). Here the Chilean varieties are served and with 13 different varieties, vegetarians and omnivores alike can both be happy and both kinds are delicious here.The people who run the place here are very friendly and it's a great place to pick up a snack on the go. Why even bother with fast food joints like McDonald's when you have places like La Chilenita instead?
5	FINALLY!  My dad was from Chile so I grew up eating Chilean empanadas.  Since his passing over two years ago, I have been on the hunt for the most authentic empanadas and this place absolutely nailed it! The dough is just like my dad's and the beef filling is the most authentic I have tasted, and I have tried just about everywhere.  This place is small, just a few tables.  Service is friendly and fast.  Great lunch deal for $6 and some change...empanada of your choice and a soup or salad.  Very filling, totally hits the spot.  It's a block or two off of St. Laurent, a little off the beaten path but definitely worth the small detour.  This place is a real gem.  I just wanted to hug the huge glass front storage fridge filled with empanadas.  Sigh...so yummy.
4	La Chilenita offers THE BEST AUTHENTIC CHILLEAN empanadas in Montreal.  This is what they're known for.  If you've never eaten here before, then I implore you to eat at least one.  The empanadas are always fresh and come in over 13 varieties filled with meat, fish and/or vegetables.  Don't worry vegetarians, there are lots of options for you.  If you swing by during lunch hour, you can get a soup or salad and an empanada for 6$.  The restaurant doesn't have a lot of room for seating, so if you're planning to eat lunch, you're better off showing up early to taking your food to go.  The restaurant is often full of people eating, which is always a good sign.  I've seen people from out of town "stock up" on empanadas, buying dozens at a time.  I've been told they're very easy to freeze and reheat, just make sure you remember to eat your empanada with la Chilenita's homemade salsa.  Also, the restaurant closes between 4-6pm depending on the time of year, so show up early.
5	A bright place, small and homey, with friendly staff.  The menu, written in colored chalk up on the back wall, is large & diverse and definitely not just empanadas.  Tested the Chimichanga plate and La Chilena empanada.  (9.95 + 2.75 + taxes.  Enough for two euro-size stomachs)The Chimichanga was a 10" flour tortilla, folded to hide chicken that was well acquainted with the Maillard process, painted with a healthy layer of guacamole on top, served with a side of moist, savory, stock-cooked rice, and a romaine salad with olives and onions dressed with delicious, well-made vinaigrette.The empanada was ground beef and black olives in a well-browned dense bready shell.Everything, the chicken, beef, rice, salad, were all well-seasoned and good quality.Carafes of self-serve water and cups are available in the bottom shelf of the drink cooler.Order at the counter.  Dishes will be delivered when ready (about 10 minutes when it's quiet).  Pay at the counter when done.  Cash or debit, but not credit card.Will definitely be back.
4	Great value for authentic Chilean empanadas!
4	Empanadas trace their origins back to the Moorish period in Spain and are believed to be derived from the indian meat-filled samosas. Although there are many variants, La Chilenita, opened 6 years ago, probably produces the best Chilean Empanadas in town! I tried the "La Chilena", apparently the most popular choice, with its traditional filling which includes beef, onions, black olives, and a slide of a hard boiled egg. The lunch special came with a hearty lentil soup for $6.99! Also available by the unit, 1/2 dozen or dozen, you can order your a choice of 6 meat and 5 vegetable fillings!If you stop by for lunch, there's also your usual mexican fare including tacos, quesadillas, chimichanga, salads and burritos. I tried the chicken burrito grande jam-packed with savory chicken, beans and rice - there's enough for 2 people. Come say Hi to owner Patricia, hawkeye lady who pays attention to the team who helps produce these pocket of love and practice your Spanish!
5	This place moved a block away   Look for yellow owing.  On the other corner
4	I've only tried the empanadas here, but they're pretty darn good. Considering they make the empanadas in such bulk (they literally have hundreds in their display case at a time), it would be nice if they were a *tad* cheaper, but they're otherwise pretty affordable. The staff is pretty friendly. The places is crowded most evenings with people grabbing dinner platters after work, so the other dishes must be good, too.
1	Worst service ever. Slow, then fave my I order to someone else. Need I say more. Well actually I guess I do. I mean how can you screw up an order for a single empenada? Which by the way are small, expensive and not really all that tasty
