4	The boyfriend and I recently joined this gorgeous gym.  It is a huge facility right in the Epicentre.  It has everything!!  Tanning beds, smoothie station, massotherapy, treadmills with tvs, an entire floor of weight machines.  It has a cinema room where you can watch a movie!!!  Love it!  They have personal trainers that will reach out to you when you join.  Lots of classes and programs.  We love it and it was reasonably priced.  The women's locker room has a sauna and a steam room!  Spacious lockers and communal hair dryers.Be patient with them - they still have kinks to work out since they just opened.  The hours on the door say they are open Sunday at 9am but don't go at 9am because they will tell you they don't open till 10am.  Also not all of the tvs in the treadmills are working yet and they don't have machine cleanser in the cinema room yet so you have to walk out to get some and come back.  They are also installing an arctic room in the locker rooms so I am excited to see what that is!  Such a hip cool place - you will love coming to the gym!FYI - They validate epicentre parking (I think just for two hours).
4	Gotta say, so far so good!  I've been a member here for just a short while but I've been nothing less than impressed thus far.  The facility is super chic and very sexy inside.  The main lobby hosts large white leather couches and bright colors along with decorations like a bubble wall to really set off the interior.Cardio machines, EVERYWHERE!  I highly doubt you could come here and have to wait on a machine, they have tons of equipment and in multiple locations depending on what you are feeling.  For instance, there is a Cardio Cinema room where you are in a dark lit room and surrounded by Bose sound equipment and entertained by a large projection screen playing a movie.  The weight room is also very spacious and is located on the second level where you will find free weights, circuit machines and the like.  There is also a training studio with some unique peices of equipment to use as well.One thing to note that I've come to realize quickly is this isn't your YMCA style place.  People come here to workout and majority of those people are obviously in great shape so that can be a bit intimidating.Final note I have to touch on the niceness of the locker rooms.  They really are country club level and style.  They have a nice sauna, steam room and a sweet artic room to cool you down once you've dressed out from your shower.
5	I recently moved to South Park area and needed a nice gym to work out at. I've been a member at the Harrisburg location so I decided go give the Epicentre a try. I fell in love the second I walked in! Very modern, contemporary, and chic feel. Plenty of cardio equipment, boxing room, cardio cinema, and big weights section. The locker rooms are big and inviting. The whole feel of this gym is that of an upperclass lounge. Give this gym a try, you won't regret it!
5	Only been a member for two weeks but I love it! My husband and I come late in the evening during the week which is great. We love the cardio cinema and the functional fitness room. Lots of machines- no waiting and it never feels crowded. The locker rooms are nice and the staff is helpful. I'd definitely come in and take a look if you're looking for an uptown gym.
5	I will go on record to say that this is the best gym that I have ever been to in my entire life existence. I am a member of the location in Lake Norman and I had a travel pass, so I thought I would check out the Epicenter location. My mind was completely blown from the first moment I walked though the door. They should just rename it Club Gold's or Gold's Nightclub. I thought I walked into the neighboring Kazba by mistake or something. It truly feels like a spa. I'm sure they do manicure/pedicures and facials somewhere in there. The lobby is so inviting. I see that's where they sign up new members and they probably sell memberships off the first floor alone, haha. The locker room was pretty sick too. I normally don't take showers at the gym bc they're usually dirty as hell but I could see myself taking a shower there if I needed to. They keep the place up pretty good. The cardio equipment is on the first floor and there's some pretty cool views of Uptown Charlotte as you're doing your thing on the cardio machines. Upstairs is where you will find the machines and free weights. Everything in this gym is new and top notch. They had a line of machines called Star Trac that I wasn't familiar with, but their line of products are amazing. I like the way their machines don't use a pin to change the weights, but just moving a latch adjusts the weight.....pretty cool. They also had a functional training room, which was pretty cool. Their dumbbells go up to 125lbs, so they got weights for all fitness levels. My only gripe with the dumbbell section though is it's not a really big area and it's in the corner, so I could see potential issues during peak hours with that area getting overcrowded and people trying to get past each other. Not enough to take off a star though b/c when I was there, I was able to use the dumbbells without any issues. Overall, it was pretty quiet around the gym, not too many people there at the time I was there, which was right around 4:30pm. They also had a Cardio Cinema upstairs as well. I didn't check it out, but it looked interesting. I've heard the membership per month is pretty pricy here, but for what you get for the money, i'm sure it's worth it. It's not what you think of when you think of a Gold's Gym....you can't have an old school gym in the middle of the Epicenter. You have to adapt to the market and the neighborhood, which is upscale and chic. I will definitely use some travel passes to come more often. I really love this gym.
5	Great gym. Love it.
4	I have been a member of this gym for a few months now and love the location. It is right near my office so I just go over to workout during my lunch break.The locker rooms are very nice. There is plenty of equipment and all the equipment is new, nice, top of the line. The place is just very, for lack of a better word, nice inside! There are views of Uptown all throughout the gym. I have also taken a few group exercise classes here and the instructors have been excellent. They have a functional training room upstairs which I use alot. It has ropes, TRX suspension, kettle balls, trampolines, etc. Cool room!My only gripe with this place is that, in my opinion, it isn't that female friendly. Little things like:-All the cardio equipment has tv capabilities but there is only like 5 channels available and half are sports channels-They play like super action, blow somebody up movies in the cardio theater.....however, the majority of time there are just females in there!-The only free weights are in the corner (it's kinda a tight corner) upstairs. However, upstairs it is 99.9% dominated by males. I lift multiple times a week and am usually the only female up there. Many times I have felt like I was being stared at. These things above aren't that huge and the benefits of this facility majorly outweight these small complaints.
1	I didn't like the one year contract, we(3 friends) moved from uptown to north after 6 months  but payed 1 whole year 60$ as we could not cancel. Please make sure of contract while signing up. Even I didn't get enough machines in the evenings as it's little bit busy.no parking facilityEven if you move out of city contract still follows you :) even if you don't like to go to gym ....
2	In my experience I do not recommend this gym. Sure it has all the bells and whistles that make it look nice. But when it comes to friendly staff and and manager they can tend to be rude. When you have to call a business three times just to get a response back and they tell you they'll call you back. Then finally you get an answer and they tell you that you have to come in person that's just irritating!
3	Nice and upscale gym with beautiful town views. Very friendly staff. Few negatives: 1. Showers are often dirty 2. AC problems in the Summer- too hot inside 3. They bill via ABC - we hate ABC financial and if you ever deal with them, you will hate them too. On that note- do not sign membership with Susan. She will promise everything, and you will find the does not care about customer service after that. 4. The Epicentre parking is very bad. It stinks and the staff there is super rude. The parking company does not care the least bit! They do not honor your ticket if you forgot to validate it and will be nasty to you without a fail.
2	The look of the gym is very nice, but after being a member of over a year, you start to see some issues and concerns.-When I joined, they were telling everyone that an ice-room was being installed; however, it has been 1.5 years and still nothing-There are issues with the consistency of amenities. They are out of towels, or in the locker rooms they will have shave gel, lotion, Q-tips, but then will be out for the next few months-The locker room cleanliness is sporadic and very cramped.  They rent all of the lockers except one row, so everyone is in a very tight space.-The equipment and cinema room is nice, but some of the maintenance is lacking -The training is probably the worst of everything.  I have had 6 trainers in 1.5 years, because they are always fired or leave.  Each time, the manager says that this new person is 100% better than the one that left, which really makes me questions the management's decision in quality of trainers.  I would NOT recommend, or if you do,only buy a small amount of sessions at a time.-Overall, there are some very annoying things about the gym, but it is not horrible, just not what someone should expect from a gym calling themselves "Elite."
3	I have been a member of gold's gym for over a year and a half now.  I have decided to cancel my membership and go elsewhere for the following reasons:1.  There is only one squat rack but two smith machines.  Seriously.... Come on.  If you are a serious weight lifter you know how annoying this is.  During peak hours there will be several people waiting on the squat rack.  Why have two smith machines but one squat rack?2.  Sales staff comes across as dishonest and shady.  When I joined I joined at $70/month (very expensive I know!), plus they are going to nickle and dime you with a start up or initiation fee (total BS).  I got my monthly rate knocked down to $60 since my company had a corporate rate with Gold's.  It seems every one is paying a different rate from $50/month on up to $70.  When questioning the sales staff and management about this, they acted like they had no clue what I was talking about that everyone paid the same rate (I know that's not true).3.  You can't cancel your membership while you have an active contract with Gold's Gym, and I get that; that's not the problem.  After my one year contract ran up, my membership was on a month to month plan.  To cancel my membership I had to call the company that handles the finances for Gold's Gym (ABC Financial Company).  After telling the customer service rep I wanted to cancel, she then put me on hold for 15minutes.  Next step is I have to WRITE A HAND WRITTEN LETTER to ABC Financial explaining that I want to cancel my membership.  On top of that it takes 30 DAYS TO PROCESS!  So it's July 22nd. and I want to cancel TODAY but I have to pay August's membership dues since it takes them 30 days to process.  Total BS and shadiness.  Gold's loses big points for this one.4.  I joined this gym in December of 2012.  One of the perks was an "Ice room" in the Men's locker room where you can cool down after working out.  Well it's July 2014 and this still has not been implemented.  Sales staff keeps saying, "We're getting around to it".  That's it for the negative reasons.  I give this gym 3 stars because I have enjoyed my time here for the most part.  The weight room, cardio cinema and cardio equipment is nice.  The location is prime as well.  My only advice is GET ANOTHER SQUAT RACK!  If you do decide to join this gym (or any gym for that matter), make sure you read the contract and do your research before hand.  I would not put that much stock into the trustworthiness of the sales staff.  Remember, they get paid by comission!
2	While this gym looks quite nice, I wish I had not joined, as it's been a waste of money. I was told at my walk-through that the cardio machines all had full cable tv access. This was a lie. They get 5 channels, and they aren't even good ones (one of them being the gym channel). The few large tvs are positioned in such a manner that you can't see them from many of the cardio machines, and I never got the sound to work to actually listen to them, despite my asking for assistance. This is a big deal for me, because it's hard to stay on a cardio machine for too long without anything to keep you entertained. And of course, there are no magazines.The theatre room also sounded very promising, until I discovered it was all extremely loud action movies. Other people have complained about that, and it's still not been addressed. It's also quite odd that the only weight machine missing from downstairs (where more women work out) is the inner/outer thigh machine... for some reason, they placed this upstairs around the free weights. Perhaps for gawking reasons?Basically, this gym is for 'bros'. My last payment will be next month, and I plan to buy my own elliptical and weight items.
1	THIS GYM SUCKS. I saw on google that there are more than 500+ complaints about their contract that they make you sign. Their contract is so unreasonable and scamming. They're such nazi's about how their contract works and are so douchey about it too. I tried to freeze my membership and they tell me i should've give them a written notice a month ahead. And then since I'm calling on the 1st day of the month, they can't give me a refund for the whole month. It's the 1st...and I won't be using the gym for a whole month. but they can't give me refund? Plus they have this ABC financial department they keep forwarding you to deal with money related problems, so they won't have to deal with the complaints.Why is the contract for a GYM worse than signing a contract for a job? I need to give them special notices a month before freezing my account or canceling my account. This guy I talked to on the phone told me "Well there's people who pay 2year membership prior and still don't use the gym and have no complaints. So what are you saying?" And if I were to cancel the gym membership due to moving, than I have to give them a PROOF of change in residency somehow. really? Who are these people!CLEARLY, this gym is a corporate that are for themselves and nothing about the customer's satisfaction. They don't care wether you like the gym or not. They don't care for you to like their product and stay a loyal customer or comeback to them. THEY DON'T CARE. They just want that money you pay for the membership and the cancelation fee in the end. Bet I could quit a job faster than quitting this gym.ALSO, your membership AUTOMATICALLY renews after your year-long contract ends. If you don't want this to happen..guess what you have to do? MAIL the ABC office. The lady I spoke to at ABC told me that this specific Gold's Gym location doesn't allow any adjustment or cancellation of your membership to be done via E-mail. what is this, the 80's? So you HAVE to send COPIES of your proof/documents via MAIL. They just made it almost impossible for you to quit. Bravo, well done slavery contract Epic center gold's gym. I was a member of the Rhode Island location but it wasn't THIS bad. Joining this gym was probably the biggest mistake i've ever made.
1	So I had things that I liked about this gym (location, new equipment, locker rooms, friendly staff) and things I didnt like about this gym (not female friendly, basically the entire free weights area, lack of tv channels on machines, and the stupid high price). However, after my year membership was up, I decided to cancel. (Note: I currently have two gyms and I simply use the other one more and couldnt justify the price I was paying at Golds for just a few visits a month). Wish I knew the extensive process in order to cancel a membership....If i would have known, I would have never joined in the first place.I was told to call a company called ABC Financial Services to cancel my membership cause Gold's wanted to eliminate the middle man in the process, which was themselves. Huh? That literally makes no sense. Anyways, called the company, no biggie, what's a phone call. Found out I have to mail a handwritten letter to the company by certified mail (yes, certified). Once they receive my letter, it'll be 30 days until they cancel my membership. 30 days.....how convenient for Gold's cause that means that I will have to pay for another whole month of service that I dont need. This whole process has been such a turn off to me towards the gym. Through all the things I didnt like about the gym, I really have enjoyed my year there. However, I have know left on a bad note because of their practices and will not return (even though I am paying for another month). I plan on not reccommending this gym to my co-workers in Uptown because of all this.
4	Moved to South End in June from Florida and I love working out so I needed to find a gym. Parking is easy at Epicenter(people tend to forget that it has 4 levels that go down and get mad if the first level is completely filled). It still has the new feel and isn't ever really dirty. I mainly stick to the free weight area which could use a touch up on which machines need to stay and to create a little more space. Sometime's they don't have towels available for members which is annoying and unsanitary but at least 90% they do. I signed a 2 year contract and plan on staying for the full 2 years so I can't really comment on the cancellation policy yet. The people that work the front counter are always nice to me and say hello when arrive and goodbye when I leave. A lot of the TV's screens are very whitewashed due to either them being on constantly or a bad cable connection but I'm there to workout, not watch TV. The only things I don't like about the gym mainly revolves around the other members. Some people just don't have proper gym etiquette. i.e. - standing in front of all the dumbells while you curl so other people can pick up/place back dumbells. re-racking their weights when they are done with equipment, wiping off equipment, etc. Other than that, I have been very pleased with Gold's so far and will continue to go.
