4	I took my daughter in for her 3 year old pictures. I had been wanting to try Picture People for a while and the deal on Groupon made it very easy to try them.  Alicia did a great job getting my daughter to pose and smile. We've had some not great experiences at a certain department store photo studio and I was so impressed at how great Alicia was with my 3 year old. Nothing seemed forced or overposed. The pictures turned out out great! The store was neat and clean, the props and the backgrounds were in good shape. I was so happy with the whole experience. We will definitely be back!
3	we have three visit to this place with my family. this place never improve anything at all for past year. samo girls to taking pictures with samo tricks. never get anything exited. anyway, its reasonable price for the OK  shoot. but i am narrowing to groupon deals to some other picture places nowadays.
4	We were here yesterday, by appointment- 10 am, and the three studio spaces (the one in front is the fishbowl one) were already filled (read: lots of people filled the lobby), as well as three party walk-ins, who decided to come back later. Warning: SUNDAYS are busy, much more so than saturdays. Our little one turned 6 months yesterday and we wanted to capture the moment. I'd been getting their coupons almost on a monthly basis after I gave birth- 25 pictures for $18- the big bundle, for one pose. We waited for a few minutes until a space became available. We had a really good male photographer, who was patient, and very animated trying to get the baby to smile. He was very nice. The session lasted about 20 minutes until the baby was getting a little cranky. We waited a few minutes until the viewing and it was decision time (that was the hard part, choosing). We settled on one pose for the 25 picture package, and another sheet was an additional $18.00. A few more minutes and the pictures were ready, just like that. There was no pressure, no upselling. It was pretty easy. (We've already been to two other studios for baby pictures.)We have a week to order more prints at the store. The sales person said that the pictures cost a lot more online. We are also able to view all of the poses online too.  (This wasn't my first experience here, years ago, we (my side) took a family picture, but the structure has since changed.)
3	Got a package from groupon and would never come back, the photographer was nice but never offered to change background nor had more ideas. The manager was amazing (she was the only reason they got 3 stars) she had a great smile and was entertaining my son so he can calm down and take pictures. The package was $19 but ended up getting the entire CD which was an additional $75. Our pictures was printed 15 minutes after we decided which pic and it had poor quality, walmart prints better, I wouldn't even give it to my family. It's just Not worth it! I bought another groupon previously from Sears photo and it was surprisingly awesome unfortunately they were closed.
5	We were here on Saturday may 17th, 2014. We took a family portrait. The staff is always friendly. They took the best pics I have never had a bad experience @ this location. Also if u give them ur email address u can get coupons. We just got 25 portraits for 18.00 that is cheap. Yes u get only one pose but so what u pic ur fav and if there r anymore u like u add them to ur package. This place is just a great place to get pics done. At least give them a try one time. Have FUN
4	I've been going here for years.  I use groupon most of the time. I never really had any complaints. Only thing I would change is the 10x13 picture to on optional 8x10 or more 5x7. I have a folder full of the 10x13s they are just too big for the wall.
5	I have now used the $16 groupon twice. You get more than enough pictures with the groupon. I've had the same photographer twice . I forget her name but she has red hair and is excellent and patient, and of course very good!! She did pics of my wild black labs the first time and then today of my baby nice. She knows what she is doing and knows how to get great pictures. With the groupon you also get a discount on the cd with all the prints. It's normally $150 and you get it for $75.This was a huge plus since we couldn't decide on 1 pic of the baby. Every pic was great! I'll be back definitely.
1	Yesterday I had one of the worst experiences I've ever had in this studio. Usually they are great.. I had a young photographer that didn't even know how to pose my girls.. She said that one of the girls I had with me had a scary smile.. I'm really thinking about not even using my membership and ending my business with picture people. Doesn't help that last month I tried to order pictures online but never received my session number through email.. very dissatisfied customer!!!
