5	High-end merchandise, mainly from France, and pricey. Dishes, kitchen gadgets, beautiful table linens & kitchen towels. Here you'll find Opinel knives,Greil china, and those bumble bee embossed French drinking glasses. Fancy cooking pots that'll set you back a pretty penny, French dish, laundry and personal care soaps,and in the front section, some clothing items; again PRICEY and accesories as well as stationery, scented candles, Lampes Berger, costume jewelry and small leather goods. A store for the finesse of taste and the largesse of bank accounts,  but oh so chock full of beautiful stuff.
5	An absolute must-visit for myself on St. Denis, Arthur Quentin is an exquisitely sophisticated kitchen store for anyone into high quality food-ware and home chefdom and dining. Note that you can also find perfectly reasonable niche cooking utensils etc. along with the pricier things mentioned by the other reviewer. Divided into three linked rooms, the first room is more of an eclectic melange of fabrics, objects, luggage etc. and also quite lovely. The other two are dedicated to cookware and flatware, tableware, glassware, respectively.Friendly, helpful staff who always wrap everything beautifully for presents or otherwise. Equally lovely to browse at the collection of marvels and spend nothing at all.Note that it's the companion store to Bleu Nuit across the street. Also worth a visit for those into linens, bedding and things of the night.
4	This place was recommended by a friend knowing that with my penchant for cooking at home I would appreciate it a lot.They weren't wrong.They have changed the name and location so it was a bit unnerving but they have merely moved across the street. For the aspiring cooks at home this is an excellent starting point and for trained chef this will only add to their repertoire. Even the people who prefer form over function and treat kitchenware as decoration will be in for a treat. The staff was knowledgeable and available when needed. The store is also very well laid out with logical organisation of items through different parts of the store.Prices are on the high end understandable given the labels/brands they carry though one can stumble upon a bargain.A very good choice to find things you think you need or didn't even know you need in the kitchen.
