5	Went here today and this place was hella poppin on a monday night! I believe it jst opened a few days ago.  It is pretty, they have awesome service, and the tacos are AMAZING. I also had it to go and it only took maybe 5 minutes! Oh, and their prices are sooo reasonable. perhaps on the cheaper side.  My quick experience here was so perfect, and when I took the first bite of my tacos, it was even betta!  Will be back soon and as many times as I could!!!Oh, it be inside the Golden Nugget btw.
3	Went here for a late dinner. The atmosphere was stylish and cool looking and while the lounge couches and little tables may look hip they are super annoying to try and eat at. The tables are so low you're practically bending over at the waste to eat.The food was great. It was upscale/hipster Mexican food. The service was terrible. First, I asked for a glass of wine and some water and they brought out my partner's drink but not mine. When I asked another waitress about it, our waitress came up behind her and was kind of snarky about it. Um, it's not my fault, so don't be rude.Second, my cousin ordered a glass of sangria and not only was it terrible, they charged her $14 for it instead of $6 like the menu says. When she questioned the waitress she got super rude about it. In the end the manager adjusted the price but it left a negative impression on both of us.Terrible service. Food is good though.
3	came back. service is extremely lacking lately.
5	Went here the other night! And let me say as a Vegas Local this place is now my new Favorite! You got pretty waitresses and a tequila bar that is said to have over 60 different Tequilas!!!!! If only I could try all of them and still be standing hahahaThe food is amazing I tried the Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Chicken nachos both were full of flavor and reasonably priced compared to other vegas restaurants.As for service, It was awesome!  like I said they have really pretty girl servers in cocktail dresses who were super nice and got my order out quick and correct and made the whole experience at this bar very pleasant! Another thing I like about this bar is located just inside The Golden Nugget by the Shark aquarium pool So you get away from the casino atmosphere and can have a booth looking out towards the pool!I give this place 5 stars!
4	I liked it. Sat at the bar which had a couple of seats immediately available which was great. Our bartender was more like a guide explaining when the restaurant opened and the different options. It really turned our weekend's experiences around as we had pretty bad food in Downtown that weekend. Chicken tortilla soup was really good. I asked for no cheese,  but it still came out with some. It didn't ruin it though. Margaritas were good too.
1	Came back after the strip to eat at our hotel and I my husband and I wanted Mexican food. Service is awful. The waitress could careless about guest unless your a single guy or guys. I ordered a torta and she said it came with rice and beans and it did not. Not to mention it tasted awful I couldn't even eat it. Ten bucks of nothing. Than you order chips salsa and gauc for nine bucks ya not worth it. My husbands buger was fine but he was so upset I was unhappy he didn't want to eat. Over all wouldnt recommend unless you like bad service or hey if your a single man who wants a fourty your old woman to give you a lot of attention.
5	This place was beautifully put together...for the most part!  Lounge seating is very neat, but a few extra pillows for your back may be needed.The service was great! Bartender was really trying to keep up, but the waitress was checking in on us often.The huarache was delicious! Great masa with just enough beans and a beautiful presentation.  The side sauce was excellent.  The selection of drinks was appealing.  And the strawberry margarita was very refreshing and tasty.Excited to go back with more friends!
5	This place is must if you are in the area. Great mexican food. Plus great drinks. If you like sports they will put whatever game you want on. Great place to kick back and recover.
2	Stopped here for quick bite to eat before a show we were going to.  Had chicken nachos and ahi ahi tachos. Tacos were good but real small and pricey. Nachos were pathetic not worth the money.  Service wasnt great either we sat at the bar and even though its small we hardly seen the bartender.
4	This restaurant is actually pretty good for being in a casino. I loved the loungey type feel of this place with the couches. Yes, some people have said it's kind of funky trying to eat but it's not too bad!! Tons of TV's to watch sports and they make a yummy mojito and they have tons of tequila too (obviously). We had chips and guac and chicken quesadillas and wow they had a kick to them! But it was very good and hit the spot after you have been in the pool all day. Our server was okay. Not the best but not too bad either. Price is a little high but it's to be expected for Vegas.But, all in all, I think this is a great place to come with your buds (no kids) and watch the game and have some drinks and apps. Glad this is at the Golden Nugget now!
4	This place is really pretty good. You have to remember this is americanized mexican food in a casino but they do a pretty good job. Margaritas are very good, nachos were great & they offer o "to-go" window. I would not hesitate at all to stop in here next trip.
4	I stopped in here with some friends before seeing a show at the Golden Nugget.  It was during the week so we noticed they have a happy hour menu Monday - Friday 4-7pm and 11pm-2am. The dining area is very clean with a great view of the Nugget pool area.  There are also tv's galore around the restaurant.  They have some great happy hour specials with $4 margaritas and deals on some appetizers.  We decided to share the chips with queso.  Delicious!  The queso was so creamy and tasty.  I'd definitely go back for more.   We also split the chicken quesadilla.  This was smaller but it was pack full of chicken.   Again, it had great flavor with their spicy salsa on the side.  Service here was ok.  Our waitress could have come over to check on us a few more times.  I realize it was a bit busy for happy hour but when you are eating something spicy, your drink tends to run out quickly!  I do wish they had regular tables to dine at.   We were seated on lounge benches with a coffee table height dining table.  It's just a bit awkward at times to eat like that.  Otherwise, not too shabby with a great location.
1	I had to take a couple of weeks to write this review since negative reviews aren't my thing and felt that a cooling off period was necessary.   We were guests of the Golden Nugget July 21st-23rd and we do choose to stay here frequently and enjoy all it has to offer.  After checking in on Monday afternoon, we noticed that Cadillac has a happy hour and figured that would be a great way to start our visit this time.  Jaycee and Norma Jean were at the bar and took care of us as we enjoyed some cocktails and an awesome quesadilla on the HH menu.  We decided to to return on Wednesday (23rd) night for another good experience.  This time no seats were available at the bar so we sat within earshot of the bar.  We ordered a beer and a Margarita and asked specifically for the Margarita to be hand shaken (as it has been since the cocktails conception), I am a stickler to this and most bars accomodate without incident.  The drink was delivered to the table and obviously was not shaken and had that poor layered appearance and taste.  We asked our server to please have her re shake the cocktail, simple enough right?  Mind you, we are within earshot of the service bar and we can hear the bartender complain about us and how she shakes all her drinks.  One, my many years of experience of working behind the bar I can taste the difference.  Two, shaking a cocktail makes a very distinct sound, which was heard for the first time when remaking my cocktail.  As she was belittling us, her guests, the server was trying to warn her that my wife was standing right next to her.  This didn't seem to concern her at all, She just scoffed at my wife and turned her back to her.  We could of let it go at this point and enjoyed our evening, however, the bartender had another agenda.  She proceeded to tell the guests at the bar that  my wife was clueless and had no idea what she was taliking about.  She didn't change the drink at all and now we like it.  This couldn't be further from the truth,  the drink was physically different, frothy and such, and we didn't enjoy it or the sticky glass with salt all washed down the side.  Obviously at this point we have had enough of her verbal abuse, paid our bill, after declining a freebie from the chef (manager of duty) since we asked for a manager from the server and she responded they were busy right now, hmm.  We asked the bartenders name, and to my surprise no one knew it, convenient?  One of the servers pulled me aside and said her name was Nicole, no idea if that is correct or not, doesn't matter at this point since I will never return to this place.
2	This is a restaurant having an identity crisis if there ever were one.  It's a Mexican (food) restaurant with the TV's of a sports bar, night club tables and chairs to ensure eating is uncomfortable and blaring classic rock (when I was there).  Service was also poor, but it was mid-afternoon on a Monday so perhaps I just hit it at a bad time.Anyway, we'll go through all of the above one item at a time.Food: my party of five had fajitas, tacos, enchiladas, and wings.  Two people in the party wanted burritos, but this Mexican restaurant has no burritos.... huh?  The food that they do serve was not bad; Americanized 'Mexican' but it was pretty reasonable in portions, taste and price.  Everyone was satisfied.  The chips and salsa were the highlight though; they had several options and the chips were hot.  Those stand out in my memory more than the run of the mill food.Seating: there is one high top, you should fight for it if you want to eat.  The rest of the place are low couches surrounding low tables so everyone can awkwardly hunch over to eat and spill things everywhere.  It's like they had some leftover night club seating so decided to re-use it.TV's:  they are everywhere.  There is also a sports news and scores ticker that runs the length of the place.  I guess they figure everyone in Vegas wants sports scores 24x7 so they did their best to make it look like a sports book.Music: nope, not Mexican, it was best of the 70's and 80's classic rock when we were there.BOOZE!!  Tried their original margarita, cadillac margarita and barrel aged margarita.  All were pretty light on the tequila and pretty heavy on the mixers.  We all gave up on trying to get drunk off their margaritas or we'd have ended up in a diabetic seizure.  The "Vegas Tea", which is really just a long island with a dumb name, is much better.  It's a pretty large glass of reasonably strong long island; we were all happy with those.The place could really improve if it switched to music that matched the theme, pour the margaritas properly (use Hussong's Cantina at Mandalay as an example) and added burritos.  Seating, whatever, is what it is and I'll eat and booze somewhere I like regardless of seating.
4	I didn't go into the main restaurant.  I went to the right of the restaurant to the to-go side and had the best salad.  I would highly recommend. The guy at the counter was friendly.  Definitely beats the crowd and food outside on Fremont Street.
5	Pretty nice place inside the golden nugget-very friendly people,,confy couches to watch the tvs and eat some delicious chips with warm salsa,,,nice price drinks,delicious beef nachos...with guacolmole...affordable..we went twice!The view of the pool is'nt bad either!
1	This place was horrible. The food was bland and the margaritas tasted like sugar and lime syrup minus the alcohol. Plus we had 3 different servers that took our order twice. Never waist your money here.
4	there is a sit down restaurant & and a take out right next door on the side. i've never been to the sit down side, but i've been to the take out portion many a times on many a occasions, and they're usually very good explaining & customizing your orders. if the line is long (five or more people/orders, you should expect an experience of about 20-25 minutes). but the food is pretty good.
2	A big group of us went here for our friend's birthday. The place was a bit smokey. Our server wasn't the most pleasant person I've ever met.We ordered chips and salsa to hold us over. They were marginal. I got a strawberry margarita - absolute waste of calories! Machine margaritas FTL! They have burgers, tacos, enchiladas and salad on the menu. The servings are small since they're tapas. I did like the Ahi Tacos - you can get them either soft or hard. What's strange though is that the tacos had more of a Japanese taste to it than Mexican because of the sesame seeds and pickled ginger.There are so many other Mexican restaurants in Vegas. Go there instead.
2	Went last two nights food drinks are great, the place is nice and clean, chips and salsu were good but the main dishes were not so good. Over cooked dry chicken, the sauces we good but not consistent.
4	Excellent food!!!  Great friends and the sangria is so yummy!  Caution:  chips and salsa are pricey.., so avoid them,  Secondly---Be sure to stay away from Jennifer the server as she is extremely rude & beyond snotty...,, (this was our third run in with her-- three strikes and your out!!) .,,,so we opted to change severs and Renee took excellent care of us!!!  Thank you Renee you are awesome! As for the food be sure to order the carnitas guadilaria (sp) ..,, super yummy!!!!!!!
1	Wish I could give it zero stars. Sorry to bother your early evening couch straightening   Party you had going on. Only people in the restaurant and we didn't get checked on once. I would have kept drinking the margaritas all night if someone would have asked. I was so upset we walked out of the nugget completely. Oh well.
4	I came here last night after a late night of drinking and gambling. My boyfriend and I had a great time. We got the queso and chips appetizer, and it was quite good. It wasn't anything to write home about, but it was a decent starter. For our main courses, I had the braised beef with corn cakes and he had the chicken sandwich. Both of our meals were amazing. The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because I question how much alcohol played a part in my enjoyment of out meal.
