5	One of my goals in life is to never have to do dry cleaning.....I like to be a wash & wear kind of gal.  Sadly, I am unsuccessful in this goal. I do ok most of the time, but occasionally I just have to get something dry cleaned. If I have to do it, I go to Catalina.  First, they are super close to my house, and that works great for me.  Easy to pop in before or after work.Secondly, they are a same day cleaner - in by 9 out by 4.  This is great for me, as I have a history of abandoning clothes to their fate at the dry cleaners because after 24 hours I forget they ever existed (until I am tearing apart my closet 6 months later wondering where the &%($ my dress went.)They are always friendly and quick to help when you go in, and they take the time to ask about anything that might require special treatment. The last, but not least reason I love them, is they are super cheap, and always have coupons.  I think the current price is $2.50 per item, but I could be wrong.  I do know they've raised the price from the $1.75 they were 8 years ago.  Overall if I have to get dry cleaning done, at least this eases my pain.
1	I had been a loyal customer for sometime. This company ripped my shirt and had the gall to pin it on me (the customer). Business Owner: "I've been in this business for over 20 years and we have never ripped a shirt. I just don't understand how we could have done this." Right, because every human is so perfect? He then went on to refuse paying full-cost for shirt that was their fault in ripping in the first place! Thanks, now I have to go buy a new shirt for your mistake. Great business practice....see if I come back.
5	This place is great. We've been coming here for the last few years and they always do a great job. Reasonably priced, prompt service and friendly customer service. What more could you ask for? The owner of the company is often in and is very friendly and often the one checking in the clothes and ringing you up - it's nice to see a hands-on owner that cares about his customers. Always happy to support local businesses.
3	The Jury is still out on this cleaners. Took in 6 pieces, I expected to pick up six pieces the next day. They did a nice job of 5 out of the six garments, ranging from mens slacks to sports coats to dresses; but destroyed one dress. Shouldn't have run it through the dryer - who knew - I expected Catalina to know. Still don't have the problem resolved. So - this is a mixed review. Very happy on 5/6ths of the job - never have had a sports coat done for $2.50 before - but still looking for closure on the last item. Who knows - they may delight me.
1	3 strikes ur out Joe. Took some shirts here to get cleaned an still didnt get them  cleaned right .. This is the 3rd time that ive had to speak with the owner about the service here. The first time I took a coat to be cleaned they tell me it will be done after 5 the same day only to be handed a soggy coat that wasn't done. Joe called an had me bring it back to be done over. Next problem was with a worker in the store just overlooking me after waiting 30 mins to get service. Called up Joe again an he said that he would get on the person an gave me credit to come back an try them again. So that's what i did. I brought in 4 shirts one had a juice stain on it so i told the employee to make sure that it was treated before cleaned. Man i get the stirt back not only is the stain still there but its still dirty only thing that was done was it was pressed. At this point I'm pissed so again call Joe he tells me to bring it up an he would take care of it himself. So back to the store i go only to have him tell me i wont get it back today but sometime later this week .. uhhh wtf ??? Then this a hole says this is a nice shirt what do you do for a living . I replied who cares I don't clean shirts an if i did they would be done right .. man that place is a real piece of work .  I will never go there again FUCK JOE AN HIS CREDITS
2	Suit and shirt were not ready when I arrived, but were rushed through. They both smelled foul, not sure if it was the cleaning agents they use or what. I had to rewash my shirt and have it recleaned after my meeting. For the meeting I had to use body spray to mask the smell.
5	The situation... Daughters prom dress zipper rips 2 days before prom and still needs to be taken in and hemmed. Since the next day is my day off, wife gives me the task of getting this all fixed. I tried calling a number of places that would not commit to this until it dawned on me that my dry cleaner, Catalina Cleaners in Chandler had a seamstress on site. I decide to stop in and the woman gladly accepted the task which was done in about 2 hours. I am now a hero to my wife and daughter(s). This place rocks customer service that is above and beyond.
5	Very Good Customer Service!
5	About time. I cannot tell you how long I have been looking for a dry cleaners that is cheap, fast and does a good job. Know how all drycleaners have a sign that says in by 9 out by 5.. but yet every single one of them says will three days from now be ok?  Not this place. I brought in some slacks at 6pm and they were ready for pickyp by 4 the next day.  This place is fantastic and the people behind the counter are so nice and friendly. Have been to dozens of dry cleaners, but this is the first one I really liked that has reasonable pricing in the area.
5	I have gone here pretty regularly since May.  They are close to my house and their staff has always gone above and beyond for me.Today took the cake though.My father passed away on Christmas and my brother-in-law is flying out today to be with my sister in MN.  I needed her suit cleaned ASAP and told them so.  I won't say how fast they got it cleaned and set unrealistic expectations... but let's just say it was fast.  My brother-in-law is on his way to MN with a freshly cleaned and pressed suit and I am one happy customer.  Had to share with the world how amazing this place is.
5	They are good. Been going back to them for a long time now. Even I'm a little farther in Phoenix still go back to them. Nice staff they are fast
2	They ruined my expensive down comforter and then the guy was rude about it and treated me like I was over reacting. Like I was crazy and that I had no right to be upset. They didn't call me after 2 weeks because they had ruined it so I had to pop in and then they didn't want to show me. It looked disgusting and I was in tears. He said God gives us things to make us stronger. This is the first time I've been to a dry cleaner. I don't have nice things and it took me a long time to get a down comforter. So for him to just brush me aside like nothing was rude! They ended up getting the stains out but my comforter was never the same. And when I went to pick it up over 3 weeks later they wanted me to pay! I was like ur kidding.... And that was that. Never EVER again!
4	Joe, the owner, is great.  They are fast and get the job done.  Its close to home and price is competitive.
