5	I been to this place many times and love what theyve done to my brows. See you in two weeks  again to get maintenance done.:)
5	Excellent job .. I love my eyebrows ask for Helen she is amazing .. I promise you will love your eyebrows.
5	Love the girls they do a awesome job . they take their time to make sure you leave with awesome eyebrows .will be back .
5	Checked this place out since my girlfriend said my eyebrows looked like caterpillars, so I decided to try threading.   I was very happy with the service and quality of work.  It's located on the second floor of the complex and is quite, private and comfortable!  If you have never tried threading, I suggest you do!  The rose water at the end is a pleasant relief, which apparently she sells here as well.
5	Definitely the place to go for your threading needs. My wife went in for a session. The owner was not only very welcoming but very knowledgeable about what she was doing. She also gave her a 15% discount as a first time customer. Would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for an affordable yet professional threading place. Give this place a try.
5	This is the best eyebrow threading in Las Vegas. I have been to a couple of places because I prefer threading over waxing, but what made me crazy is I felt like there wasn't any privacy. If you go to this location, you will probably see Esha, she owns the business and does the threading. You will walk into a private room where you can have whatever part of your face threaded without an audience. Esha also gets every little bit of hair. She really cares and she knows what she is doing. She even gave me a bottle of the lovely rose water she sprays on your face after a session. I am a regular here and I love it!
5	I have always had my eyebrows waxed but Esha has got me hooked on eyebrow threading. I never knew my eyebrows could look this good. She reshaped my eyebrows and now I just go in to get them cleaned up every couple of weeks. I love that with threading even the little baby hairs around my brows and lips are gone and my makeup lays so much better. The price is very affordable and I've never had a hard time getting in to see Esha.
5	First time trying threading and so far so good :-) I think ima leave waxing behind for threading
5	Looking for a eyebrow threading place well look no further! I decided to give this place a try and I've never been happier! Esha is so professional and knows how to thread. This place is so clean and very cute. I'm so happy I never have to go anywhere else.
5	I found this place from yelp. I called the number that is listed here and I initially thought they were no longer in business because it was just a generic cell phone voicemail but she called me back about 30 minutes later.  She did say that she takes walk-ins until 5:00 pm and after that is by appointment only so that's something to keep in mind. Esha did a fantastic job on my out of control brows. It seems like the tread she uses is a thinner gage that what I've had used on me in the past but I barely felt it while she was doing it plus it didn't look like I got punched in the eye after she was done. Looks like I found my new eyebrow girl.
5	I found this place on Yelp I've been looking for years for a place that will do eyebrow tint. This place Is amazing and customer service is great. I would recommend this place to everyone from now on.
5	This place is different from the other eyebrow threading places around town. It's in it's own private space in a large business complex. It's decorated very girly with vintage looking decor. I've only seen one person working there "the owner". She's such a sweetheart and great at eyebrow threading. This is definitely a great find and will always come here from now on.
5	Used the yelp deal, and  I am so happy that I found this place. The owner is very efficient and knows what she is doing. Will definitely go back.
5	I redeemed a Yelp deal here last minute and glad I did! This eyebrow bar is located in a large complex, however the room Esha, the artist, rents the space is comfortable and cute.  I had eyebrow threading and tint done.  Naturally, I have thin and light eyebrows...I felt by the time she was done they were the opposite!  Improved!She did not over pluck and managed to define a better shape.  She used a black tint on my brows.  When she was done the color came out looking natural.  I recommend this place and plan to return for both threading and tint! I may even try the henna tattoos, as she does them there as well!
5	I've never done threading before. Esha made me feel comfortable and it wasn't bad at all. I have to let my eyebrows grow out so we can start shaping them but she cleaned them up. I'm impressed and I'll definitely be back.
