2	I have never eaten here, but I have been to many parties here. They have a large back room for entertaining underage college kids. It gets really hot in there and their drink prices are ridiculous. I would not recommend getting drunk there.
2	I kept walking past this place over the last couple of days and decided to look it up on Yelp.  What I found was one review that started with "I have never eaten here."  I quickly realized it was my duty to check Ginza out and give it a proper review, and so, tonight, I went there.As its name implies, this is a Japanese and Korean restaurant, so they serve food from both cuisines.  The atmosphere is...interesting.  There are wooden masks all over the walls and two fish tanks - one that's very boring and one that has a couple of neat fish in it.I showed up around 7:00PM and Ginza was very quiet - there were only a few other people at the restaurant.  I wasn't sure if this was a good sign or a bad one, but I decided since I was already here, I was going to stay to eat.  This was a mistake.I ordered a sashimi plate as an appetizer and for an entree I got eel served over rice.  About 20-30 minutes later, I got my appetizer and my entree at the same time.  As soon as the sashimi was set down in front of me, I knew this wasn't going to be a good meal.  The fish was still frozen!  And I don't mean just a little frozen - it was pretty damn frozen.  I gnawed on some of the frozen fish, gave up pretty quickly, and moved onto my eel dish.  The eel itself was pretty decent, which is the reason I'm giving Ginza 2 stars instead of 1.  However, the bowl that the dish had come in had been drowned in soy sauce.  There was literally a pool of soy sauce at the bottom of the bowl that the rice was soaking up.  Ick.  This reminded me of some kind of teriyaki bowl from a fast food Japanese place, except with eel.While I was eating, a couple walked into the restaurant and was seated near me.  The guy ordered a Sapporo for $4, and both him and I were surprised when they brought out Sapporo in a can.  I personally think they should either carry Sapporo in a bottle or mention on the beer menu that it's in a can so you know before ordering.  Meh, maybe I'm just too picky.Anyway, I really wanted to like this place and prove Lee F. wrong, but I wasn't able to.  Don't waste your money here.
3	The inside of this restaurant was a bit dingy. I came here for lunch with some friends, and we ordered a variety of dishes. I think depending on what you order, the food is either edible or horrible. I had soondubu, which is a sort of tofu soup. It was decent tasting, not the best I've had, but edible for sure. I do not recommend the jjamppong, which is a Japanese (maybe Chinese?) noodle soup. The noodles were overdone and the soup tasteless. Bulgogi was ok. I was tempted to give this restaurant two stars, but I figured since my dish was edible, I would give it three. It is owned by a Korean family, so I would suggest eating Korean food here.
4	I'm not sure why the previous person gave it two stars but I miss this place ever since I moved two years ago... It's got the best kim bap in the area maybe the only restaurant that sells kim bap.. the kimchee jigge is great.. beef bulgogi awesome and chicken teriyaki's superb!  if you are looking for atmosphere, this wouldn't be the place, but it's definitely my favorite korean restaurant in pittsburgh hands down for the best food!
4	What?? I have been missing this place ever since I left Pittsburgh. I even looked for it to write reviews here man... This place was one of my favorite Korean restaurants in Pittsburgh. It's family run and everyone's so friendly. One time the chili bean paste bottle exploded on my friend and I and we both got free Ginza tshirts!! hahah..see? I even remember it as a funny experience rather than a truamatizing one. Sundubu was okay. There was this BBQ pork dish that I really loved but I forgot what it's called. The recipe was given to the owner by the priest at the Korean Church in Shadyside. Ask about it. It's my all-time favorite.Don't order Sushi here tho. It's not very good. This is not the place to go for Japanese food. We used to get the fried ice cream all the time but after awhile, we got bored of it. Try it though if you haven't. I preferred the service here to the service at Sushi Kim, another Korean restaurant in the strip that some of my friends liked better. Com'on Ginza. Keep it up. I know you're good!!
3	Okay I haven't been to Ginza in a couple years, but I was provoked to write a review after reading the reviews posted. First of all, Ginza, despite its Japanese name, is a Korean restaurant and you should really only order Korean food there. Many Korean restaurants in N. America will serve Japanese food such as sushi/sashimi.Secondly, there is absolutely nothing wrong w/ Sapporo in a can. In fact, Sapporo's can is a very distinctive part of their marketing. Canned beers stay fresher longer than bottled beers. And Sapporo's can has the distinction of not being made from aluminum, but what they call a "bi-metal" steel. If you go to Sapporo USA's website, they proudly display their beer in a can. Thirdly, Jjamppong is not a Japanese dish nor is it a Korean dish. It falls under an unique subset of cuisine, which is Korean Chinese. If you go to any Chinese restaurant in Korea, you will find jjamppong. If you go to many Korean restaurants in N. America, you will also find jjamppong on the menu. Fourthly, the Korean food here is okay. It's not the best Korean food in Pittsburgh, but the prices are okay and it is authentic.  The service is quite friendly and good despite the dingy surroundings. The last time I went there, we took a rather large group (30 people) and they quite easily accommodated us.Finally, what does one really expect for Oakland? The food choices aren't so hot.
2	When I hover over two stars, it says "Meh.  I've experienced better."  With regards to Ginza, I've definitely experienced better.I went there for dinner last night and had their sundubu.  The banchan or small Korean "appetizers" that are served with the food was forgettable.  The sundubu came with tofu (of course), pork, mushrooms, onions, zucchini, and a clam.  First thing I noticed was that there was no egg...  The rice that came with it was overcooked and soggy/sticky.  That is definitely not a good sign for any Asian restaurant (Chinese, Japanese, Korean, whatever... even Orient Express has better rice).  I found the sundubu itself to be on the bland side.  Maybe they mellowed it out a lot for the American palate?  I'm not used to sundubu's with zucchini so I first thought hmm, this could be interesting.  Unfortunately the zucchini was cooked to a mush and completely unappetizing.  The rest of the jiggae was okay; not spectacular but not terrible, but I would've liked a bit less mushroom and a bit more tofu... it IS tofu stew after all.I'll give Ginza another try with one of their meat dishes, but until then my rating will be sitting at 2 stars.  It's hard to justify going to Ginza when Oishii and Korea Garden are both right around the corner.
1	No, no, no, this is NOT the way Korean food should be done. I've come here a few times as a CMU student to try to get a taste of home, but it has always disappointed me. The food here is not authentic at all, and it tastes pretty bad.
4	I'm not sure if it was just the dish I ordered, but despite all the bad reviews here, I thought Ginza was great! I got the Pork Belly Kimchi Jjigae and it didn't disappoint. In fact, it was without a doubt the best Korean I've had yet in Pittsburgh. I love spicy food, and this had enough heat for me without being too much for the average person, I think. The pork belly could have been softer but there was plenty of it. It was thinner in consistency than I'm used to, but the flavor was great.Definitely DO NOT order sushi here unless you have no standards. The fish was fine, but the rice was bad. It was a too vinegary and mushy and rolled sloppily. Stick with the Korean menu!I have to mention that the owners of Ginza are really wonderful people. Tonight I placed an online order, not realizing that they were closing early. They called to say they would still make my order even though they were closed, as long as I came quickly to get it. As I waited, I chatted with the woman and found out that they were closing early to visit their just-born grandchild! I thought it was incredibly nice of them to keep the restaurant open just for one takeout order...definitely not something every place will do for you!
3	Contrary to a lot of the other reviews posted, I think Ginza is getting sort of a bad rep because lots of people are ordering from their Japanese side of the menu, when they really should have a closer look at the Korean stuff.The restaurant's owner is Korean. She's a fascinating woman; she's a cook of all trades but her born-and-bred sense of hometown Korean cooking is evident in the Korean food we got. It's a family business, and it's at the very least friendly and talkative on a slow day.My favorite dish of the day was the Dolsot Bibimbap. Although it wasn't quite as crisp as other Dolsot Bibimbaps I've had before, the vegetables were still fresh and offered good contrast to the piping hot rice. My own order, the Jiajang Myun, wasn't as spectacular. In fact, I'd probably proffer that it was sort of on the runny side with strong traces of the fat still in it. It was alright, but probably something I wouldn't get a second time.Overall I think I will look forward to trying this place again, but this time I'll steer clear of the Japanese selections and shoot for the heartier Korean dishes.
4	Not exactly cheap with dishes around $10,  but my lunch of spicy pork belly, tofu, kimchee soup (Pork Belly Kimchi Jjigae mentioned in another review) was simply excellent. The three sides were tasty but between the soup and included rice on the side, I could have done without. As others commented, service is nice and friendly if not exactly attentive (you may need to ask as opposed to being asked).
4	i like this place. i usually order the pork belly which is tasty. But i dont know why they closed and change into another cuba restaurant which is alright. Ginza should stay there.
