1	I was new to the area and needed a dentist for myself and my daughter. I saw the sign and as always shopped local and made an appointment for my college-aged daughter. $896 later my daughter had X-rays and two fillings and an I have an ulcer trying to figure out how to pay my cc bill. Feels like highway robbery to me. I just relocated from New York and these rates far outstrip NY pricing at its highest!  $896. REALLY?
3	The doctor very graciously adjusted the bill after calling me and talking through his pricing. The quality of service was never in question as Doctor Farmer is clearly very competent. The only issue is the price of procedures done. I do recommend making sure beforehand that if you are not covered by insurance that you are comfortable with his charges.
5	Dr. Farmer is a great dentist.  He is very concientious and my wife, son and I have had positive experiences with our cleanings and xrays.  I highly recommend that you try him if you live in the Plaza Midwood area.
5	Dr. Farmer is one of the best dentists I've been to, and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a dentist.  He was referred to me after I moved to Charlotte and tried another dentist referred by a friend in the area who wanted to "cash in" and replace all of my teeth.  Dr. Farmer does not take my insurance, however, I'm willing to pay my "out of network" prices for a good dentist.  I've been a patient since they opened and never had an issue with this.  His staff always does a pre-quote on their pricing for me so I have an idea of what I'm getting into before any service is done.  The office is new, they have all new equipment and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  If you need a dentist, look no further.
5	I love Dr. Farmer! I actually look forward to my check ups. After 30 years with the same dentist, mine retired and I needed a new one. I followed a friend's recommendation and made an appt with Dr. Farmer. He's awesome with our kids, too. His office is new, modern and comfortable. He is very professional but laid back, and takes his time explaining everything. Hooray!
5	I am glad to say I have finally found my dentist and crew in Midwood Dentistry! I have high anxiety about having any work done on my teeth, they are very patient with me and ALWAYS make me as comfortable as possible. Love this staff!
5	Fantastic visit. After moving back to NC, I needed to find a new dentist (wasn't too happy with the former NC dentist group I used to see). Dr. Farmer is a great dentist and makes you feel at ease. He's great at explaining everything and answered all of my questions. His dental assistant was also a pleasure to deal with. I would highly recommend Plaza Midwood Dentistry!
5	Very professional and I liked his communication style where he explained all the procedures. On my 2nd visit he was very friendly and able to build nice rapport with me.
5	Just moved to Charlotte and was looking for a new dentist. I was rushed to find one when I had an accidental minor tooth chip! I frantically called Plaza Midwood Dentistry and explained my situation and they booked me that same day. The whole staff was helpful and Dr. Farmer was professional, kind, honest and gave me all of my options. It was repaired on the spot and the work was outstanding. Best dental experience I have ever had.
5	My wife and I just moved from Nashville, TN to the Plaza Midwood area and not soon thereafter I developed an excruciating pain in a tooth. It got worse so I came to see if this place could help.Upon arriving I was greeted by a nice receptionist who took my insurance information, gave me an iPad and politely asked if she could get me anything. She was nice and I appreciated that being that it was my first time. It wasn't long after being here that I was taken back and Dr. Farmer quickly decided that I needed a root canal. He had such a manner about him that made me forget I was in the Dentist office to begin with. We scheduled the root canal and a few days later it was done. The story doesn't end here though.Thanksgiving Day: My phone rings and I excuse myself from table. I didn't recognize the number but went ahead and answered it. It was Dr. Farmer. He took time out of his day, on a holiday, to make sure I was alright. Who does that stuff anymore?! I was blown away and have since told all my friends in Charlotte to come here. I'm not even from this area and was treated as if I'd been a patient here all my life. Now I'm not going to go praying for another root canal, but in the event I need another, I'm definitely coming back here!
