5	They have been in business for years. Given me help every time and if you have a classic beetle or a vw dune buggy theseguyshavethe partstohelp you succeed. Big thanks!
5	If you need VW parts u found the right place...Friendly Folks and i enjoy buying coming here and buying parts..
1	I dont like to give bad reviews but I've had enough.  First would like to say they do have a big selection of vw parts. The only thing that sucks is it is all empi or cheap quality products. Almost everything I bought from there is garbage and have had to replace it in the immediate future. Trust me just buy the part from an online store. Now why I'm writing this review, bad experiences. I needed a brake light switch. Went to offroad Bob agrued with me about which one I needed. 67 is a lovely year. He insisted I take the wrong one. Maybe I had it wrong and he knew a lil more. Wrong. The old man was wrong and hassled me on the exhange. Bob also wouldnt sell me carberator jets when I was restoring my carb. He also sold me the wrong tie rods, again because he thinks he knows everything and wont listen to what YOU need/want to buy. Went in yesterday for a headlight switch. Showed me two different switches and neither looked like the one I needed, one looked like my emergency flasher so I said something only for him to tell me 67 dont have flashers and my car isnt a true 67. Wow insult your customer. This guy knows nothing. Emergency flasher came out in 66. Don't buy parts from someone who doesnt know anything about the cars. Dont know how many times he gave me the wrong parts. Plus his attitude sucks. Makes you feel bad spending money there. If you need something right away I would check out butches before offroad. Bad service little vw knowledge and cheap parts.  Dont waste your time and money.
2	Diffently more of an offroad shop then a vw shop. The folks are nice, but be weary of the information and advice you get. Better know your stuff before you go in. They've talked me into buying wrong parts a few times but they will exchange it. A lot of my friends and I've stopped using them just based on their poor customer service and lack of knowledge. Diffently worth a look though. Always good to have a local shop around.
5	I went here yesterday with my 73 year old mother who bought a 1966 VW Beetle new in 1966 from a Volkswagen dealer in Wilmington, California.  The Bug has been garaged since 2004 and I just got the bug running again, registered and needed a few parts for maintenance.  (Picture of my mother's bug has been uploaded and is also in my profile pictures).We had a great experience and my mother had fun here.  There are a lot of EMPI parts for sale and they had the braided fuel line hose and in-line fuel filter that I needed.  There are a lot of parts that can be used to restore an old bug.I received excellent customer service by the older gentleman that runs the store and has been running it since 1982.  I also received excellent customer service from one of the ladies that works there as well, but did not get her name.  She is the woman with dark brown hair.  She talked with my mother and I for quite some time and she knew her stuff.They had a pair of door handles on the wall marked 1967 that I thought were from a 1966, but I was educated by them and found out that the 1967 VW Beetle had a special arrangement of door handles.  The lock was only on the driver's side and the button was round like the 1966 my mother has, and the passenger side had a square button without a lock.  I learned something new!  I was also told that they are rare to find this way as a lot of people had to upgrade the door handles when the original handles would break due to wear.  It's something I'll be looking for on the 1967 VW model from now on.  :)I was also given some good leads on tire balancing and EMPI VDM steering wheel repair.  My mother's bug was equipped with an EMPI VDM steering wheel by the dealer she purchased it from.  The steering wheel has the famous "12 o'clock crack" and I asked if it could be repaired.  The owner gave me a great lead on that.I want to thank them for their wonderful service and we will be back for more in the future as I slowly restore my mother's 1966 VW Beetle to it's original stock Bahama Blue paint and look.Thank you Nevada Off Road Buggy!  :)
5	NVORB has saved my butt many times. Bob is a good person and knows his stuff. In fact everyone that has ever helped me here knows their stuff. They have made a mistake once or twice in the past, but when you are working with 50 year old cars that have prob ably been messed with by previous owners...come on give them a break! Also VWs are notorious for changing in between years and models and what not. They have parts readily available and can order just about anything you need. I have been using them since my Pops brought me here 15 years ago with my first car, 67 bug. Have had many good experiences with and will continue to support local business. Thank you NVORB family!
