5	I strongly recommend this company for any of your costume build accessories, from desks to coffee tables and anything you can imagine they can build it. I am extremely happy with my one of the kind desk build that i use on everyday bases.
5	Filmont is great! I needed a custom desk for a small corner in my office. I met with Lincoln who measured the area and sketched out a few options that we then customized together. Mike was in touch about the transaction and delivery and a couple weeks later, I received my dream desk. Their work is creative and well-executed. I'm looking forward to ordering from them again!
5	I strongly recommend this company for any of your costume build accessories, from desks to coffee tables and anything you can imagine they can build it. I am extremely happy with my one of the kind desk build that i use on everyday bases.
5	The Filmont Company has been great to work with, I contacted them to build out our tables for our restaurant Glutton in downtown Las Vegas.  They were extremely easy to work with, and were able to custom make exactly what we asked for, and at a great price.  The craftsmanship and quality is second to none and I have already hired them to complete a second custom job for our wood burning oven.  I would highly recommend The Filmont Company for any woodwork or metal fabrication that you may need.
5	The Filmont Company built me a dining room table made from a reclaimed bowling alley. I absolutely love it!  Even after having it in my house for a few months I still get excited when I walk in my kitchen and see it. The craftsmanship is outstanding. I love the design of the picnic table style legs that were made from steel, then welded to the frame and polished. It is so well built and so unique that I know it will be a piece that is passed down for generations. I get compliments on it every time some one sees it. Not only is the table incredible but the guys were great to work with, all of them were so nice! Thank you so much Filmont Co!
