3	In the formerly male dominated world of auto parts it was a pleasant surprise to stop @autozone for a couple bulbs for my vehicle (one headlight and one taillight went at the same time-what are the odds) and find the place staffed entirely by women.I was directed quickly to the right parts and checked out promptly.  That is all I have for you on this parts store review.
5	I was there as a consequence of a bad battery that just would not take charge. The Autozone team had the battery tested within seconds and gave me the results. They found me the correct match for a replacement. Going beyond even my expectations, they helped me as I was struggling to get the battery installed, even providing me the tools to do it. Kind staff and extremely helpful.
4	Great place that staffs people who definitely go "above and beyond".I've been in twice to buy car batteries, and both times they offered to look up my information to see if I had a warranty on file. They also showed an interest in helping me get the lowest price battery available, instead of trying to upsell me a premium battery I didn't want.The last time I visited I stupidly forgot to bring the right tool to get my old battery out of the car, so I walked in and sheepishly asked if they have any socket sets for purchase. The guy poo-pooed that idea and offered to just loan me the correct tool. A very nice touch.
5	I don't know a thing about cars and Joe helped me find everything I needed, gave me a recommendation on doing something on the car myself and saving $150, then gave me exact directions on how to do it.  Then he changed out the cap and hose I bought himself.  Next he gave me a recommendation on where to find out, for free, what is wrong with my A/C, and told me to come back with the info and he would help me find the best and cheapest way to get it fixed.  Plus he is friendly and a hunk.  I am so grateful for this store and Joe.  They are truly as good as it gets!!!
4	Like some of the reviews below, I don't know anything about cars. So if a person were to overcharge me or tell me this or that it's hard to not take their word unless it seems fishy, but thank god the crew at auto zone were friendly and fast to my needs. My battery light came on and they tested to see my battery and turns out I need a new alternator :/...yay! If only they could change it for me lol but awesome and nice people there.
1	a few months back went into the store to buy a part for repair on one of my vehicles. i stood at the register waiting for help. after waiting five minutes it became a game of seeing how long i had to wait. well, the guy scanning the shelf parts just kept scanning away and ignoring me standing about 20 feet from him. what a joke. finally walked out and will never show up at an autozone again.
