5	Went to this place today with the mrs..  Restaurant is new, barely opened, so, it's very clean.  Ambiance is very nice. Lunch time menu is quite complete and very good and nicely priced.  Wife and I had a soup (cheese and broccoli) and a sandwich.  Mine a shaved steak with chimicuri sauce.  She: a cheese and broccoli with a prime rib sandwich.  Had iced tea which cost almost as much as a meal.  Note:order water when you go.  Sandwich was perfection for both of us.  Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.Service was above excellent.  Very friendly wait staff...very well trained.Drawback as I see it is that while it's open on Sunday, they only use the supper menu which is costlier and with larger portion sizes.  The wife and I, being older prefer the luncheon size portions...not because theyre cheaper but because we just don't eat that large a meal.The Longhorn is an exceptionally fine restaurant nestled in between two other steak houses neither of which can hold a candle to the Longhorn.
1	Brand new location at the Metro Mall, open about 2 weeks at this point. It was a Saturday night and about 45 minute wait for table with 7pm arrival. Bar ran out of Coors light after the first round no big deal they were quite busy understandable. Service was painfully slow. The server was new to the industry unable to answer questions and didn't understand many. Unable to make recommendations as she does not eat meat. No  big deal as we are meat eaters. Ordered Stuffed mushroom appetizer and they had a "funny" taste. I want to say "unwashed" mushroom taste but couldn't really pinpoint what was off. Ordered my NY strip with a few add on's Merlot Mushrooms and blue cheese, she had to ask twice what I meant by the order first at the table thinking that it was my side item choice and then seemed to understand when I showed her on the printed menu. Came back a second time from the kitchen for futher clarification???. 4 people total in the party and we were served the main course 1.5 hours from placing the order. We sat for quite some time at the empty table while groups of managers and trainers (?) walked by never stopping to ask how things were going or why we might be waiting so long for our food. Dinner finally arrives and none of us were feeling very hungry after filling up on bread, appetizer and dinner salad but we were excited to try our meals. My NY strip was covered in blue cheese sauce and one large portobello mushroom. I had been expecting "mushrooms" not a large single slice but perhaps I misinterpreted the menu? I had requested medium well expected pink center, it was more well and no medium. The fat had not been trimmed from the cut which I have never experienced with NY Strip but I am capable of cutting the fat :) I was expecting the meat to be quite juicy and tender given the amount of fat left in place...unfortunately it was very tough and chewy.  One of the worst steaks I've had in a restaurant quite frankly. Ordered a dessert to go as we didn't want to wait any longer it was lost in translation though because it took 3 tries to split the bill between 2 couples. Overall very disappointing and definitely not worth the $100 bill :( Normally we visit the Keg or Firebirds for steak dinner, we knew this wasn't exactly the same caliber but didn't expect it to be so bad. I know that they are new and working out the kinks in service but there really isn't an excuse for bad food. Also with all of those managers hanging around you'd think one would be assigned to checking customer satisfaction at each table.
2	Weekly sodium requirement in one meal!Summary...Service: Friendly and relaxed waitstaff. Full of smiles and assistant staff is at your call. Drinks kept full. The wait time on the food was entirely too long. Went for late lunch arriving at 2pm and only saw 2 other tables and still it took a long time.Food: Salty. It seems their favorite flavor is salt. Every single item had salt in it or on it, even the toast.Price: Not worth it! We paid $21.99 for an 8oz Filet (ordered Medium and it was cooked properly) and we had difficulty cutting it with the knife because of the gristle. We had to try it since we haven't been before. We won't return.
1	This place was awful! The service was good but the manager seemed like he was constipated or appeared to have a stick up his ass. The taste of the steak wasn't the best... And on top of it, my poor mom got food poisoning. Server was a total doll though. DO NOT GO HERE! Go to Texas Roadhouse, cheaper and service and food is much better.
1	I cannot believe the terrible, horrendous service I had today at this location. I went to dinner with two others, waited over 8 minutes for drinks, waited for another 5 for our waitress to take out order, and after we had eaten waited FIFTEEN minutes to get the boxes and check we had to ask for. Out waitress, Cheyenne, was awful. After forgetting the lemons we asked for three times she finally brought them over and admitted she has a terrible memory. Uh, are you in the wrong industry or what?! She then dropped the food, didn't come by to see how it was (mediocre) and ignored us the whole time. As a waitress I am often hypercritical, however I can objectively say this poor girls needs an easier job! While we were waiting for our check and boxes (that she never offered, and we had to initiate) we did not see her for 15 minutes until finally I had to get up to get a manager, who himself wasn't visiting tables or checking on anyone. I told him we were experiencing bad service and had been waiting for our check, which he quickly printed out. To his defense he did purchase out dessert because I must have clearly looked pissed. We waited again for Cheyenne to pick up out credits card which took forever. We of course tipped her well, all of us being in the service industry, but we would have tripled the amount we left her if she wasn't so aloof and absent!! The absolute worst service I've had in a long time, and could have been better taken care of at Applebee's or Denny's.
1	The guys work work at longhorn waiter named Dylan when treated me and my wife so great last time we were her less then 2 months ago am not complaining about the service it was great am complaining about the regional manager Named Raul  Who did not allow me to carry my weapon I had it in my holster as soon as I walked in he approach me telling me verbally no guns allowed in the restaurant sir I understand if someone tell you but I didn't see one single posted sign in that regard if I saw one I would put in the car away locked and vehicle armed alarm turned on so I left and what made me come back again was Dylan who have me great service before and had my firearm on me too other then that I would never come back to longhorn ever again screw a place who does not support firearms I have Ben in Texas road house and they never ever have me problems even manager told I feel safer know someone like me around like the rest of the customers meaning am not the only one in their with gun on my side other had theirs too in the Texas steak house however who ever comes here ask for Dylan great server
1	Aweful!  After waiting for a very long time we received our appetizer and it wasn't even hot.  We told the server Cheyenne once we found her again. We told her we didn't want to push back our meal any longer because it was already taking to long. After a half hour we got our second appetizer and it was the same issue. At that point the manager came and told us it comes prepackaged and not fresh. They just fry it and add seasoning. We also told manager it was taking to long so he checked the kitchen and they hadn't even started our steaks yet.  Meanwhile, people around us are coming and going which led us to believe that our server Cheyenne was the problem with the timing.  She finally brought our salad about 2 minutes before our steak arrived. Once we received our food it was so salty!  We ask for a togo box 3 times before it came and once we put down the credit card it took another 20 minutes before she picked it up.  During this time she offered us another Coke but never brought it.  So the almost 2 hours to eat.  Prepackaged food. Salty food. Terrible server you can rest assured we will never go there again. Especially with Texas Roadhouse next door.  Fast service, good food and price is right.
4	Had flat iron steak, green beans and mashed potatoes. Steak was cooked perfectly med rare, green beans were cooked just enough so they didn't get mushy, and had bits of fresh tomato cooked with them. Mashed potatoes were delicious, if not served add hot as everything else. Sauce on steak is VERY peppery, which turned out to be fine--I just didn't expect it. The bread served at the table was warm, crusty on the outside, very soft in the inside. Nothing to write home about, but tasted fine.Tried the dessert sampler just to assess. Also not worth a lot of home-bound stationery, but enjoyed the caramel apple gold rush most. The ice cream is very tasty. If you're a certifiederified Chocoholic, you'll appreciate the gooey chocolate stampede. Don't bother with the generic cheesecake with strawberry sauce..Adored my waitress Alexus. She's young, but did a good job. I'll be back.
1	Came here to eat with my wife, my buddy and his girlfriend while we were out in Phoenix for Dodgers spring training and had the worst experience ever.  The service here is a joke and the food is not that much better. After we were seated it took 20 minutes before we were acknowledge by our waitress. When she came over she started joking that she was on break and no one told her that we had been seated. We saw at least 4 different waiters/waitresses pass us by and they just looked at us. After we placed our order we received our food promptly but everything was mediocre. My steak was lukewarm at best and under seasoned. Would it hurt them to use a little salt and pepper? My wife steak was overcooked. My buddy and his girlfriend disordered steaks and they had better luck. The on ok y good thing was the bread, it was served warm and tasted good.
3	We were much happier with the service here than with the food.A friend and I were in town from San Diego for Spring Training baseball and this restaurant was close to our hotel so we decided to check it out.  We arrived at appx. 7pm on Saturday, so we expected it to be busy.  We were told the wait would be about 30 minutes so we had a drink in the bar and were seated in about 40 minutes.Our server, Samantha, greeted us immediately and was quite attentive.  One of the managers, Matt, also stopped by to greet us.  The salads came out pretty quickly and were good (caesar).  The entrees took a little longer than we though they should... I ordered a Medium steak with Mac & Cheese and my friend had salmon and cheese grits.  My steak came out just between Rare and medium rare, and my friend's risotto on the side was ICE COLD.  However, both of these issues were clearly NOT Samantha's fault as she could not have known by looking.She took our food back to the kitchen, and in the interim, another manager stopped by as well to inquire as to what occurred.  We told him and he was quite apologetic.All in all, we had a good experience and would probably return if in town again.  Great service, but the kitchen made it 3 stars instead of 4.
4	We tried this restaurant last night for mothers day and we enjoyed the prime rib dinner. It was delicious and came with just the right amount of seasoning. The mash potatoes were creamy, the loaded baked potatoe was just the right size. We also enjoyed the strawberry walnut salad it was definitely delicious and is a must try when you visit.  We had unlimited warm bread while waiting for our meal. Our server appeared to be new and just learning the ropes but he was very nice and friendly. He interacted with my son and overall made sure we had everything we needed. Our dessert arrived and the portion was big enough for 2-3 people to share. We will definitely be back when we want to enjoy a nice, quiet and delicious meal. Prices are just right and portions are big enough to share saving you money.
4	i'd been dying to  come here since i found out it existed here in phx and also is right on the bus route we use (how perfect, right?). i thought i had to keep going back home to boston for my longhorn fix lol. personally, i don't understand why 3 steakhouses are located right next to each other, makes no sense to me, seems the others are killing the business for longhorn :/ .. anyway, my husband and i were supposed to go back in feb for valentine's day but things happened so we were finally able to go earlier (abt 8pm on a thurs). considering the restaurant was maybe 10% full while we were there, the service in the kitchen could have been faster. also seemed only 1 waitress was taking care of the tables so she wasn't able to be as attentive if there had been 1 or 2 more servers. but regardless, she was nice as could be and did her best w/ keeping up w/ it all. while we were waiting for our food, i noticed that the food servers didn't know the table numbers apparently. one brought food to one table thinking it was a diff number til our waitress set her straight, she simply said 'my bad' LOL.. w/ the place being so empty, she could take a couple mins to memorize the table numbers better lol...w/ the food, the shrimp and lobster chowder didn't taste as good as i wished it did. the shrimp and lobster pieces were basically mush (idk if it's supposed to be that way). the glasses for our sprites were sticky on the outside too. i wish i could've gotten the prime rib as medium well instead of medium like the waitress said i had to due to the cut that was left available (something like that). and also, it was too salty even for me. but since i didn't want to wait to eat, i suffered thru it and really, there are worse things to complain about lol. i did get the grilled corn on a cob (brought it home, it was good but messy lol) w/ my prime rib. the rice side was also salty, i guess due to the prime rib juice getting into it. but i mostly come here cuz they have my FAVE dessert, the chocolate stampede! (had to bring it home cuz i was stuffed lol). i haven't delved into it yet but man i can't wait! i'm a chocoholic so this dessert is always a must when i  go here! seriously, if ur a chocolate fan to any degree, try the chocolate stampede, even if that's the only thing u get here lol! but yeah w/ food, i've honestly had better in the fenway location in boston, MA. but i figure maybe the place has given up a bit since the other two steakhouses next to it have been taking all the customers..
5	due to my last review of this location, i was given a $100 gift card to make up for my previous experience here.. so i used it today during lunchish time 7/20/14 (sunday). i wasn't sure what to expect, but was surprised to see more than 1 table occupied considering it was lunch time, and when i went b4 for dinner on a thurs, it was practically empty... i guess it's busier on the wkends, and i was pleasantly surprised that the service/food was even better too! i got the porterhouse (20oz steak) w/ mash & mixed greens salad, and the molten lava cake for dessert (normally i get the chocolate stampede but i was kinda full and didn't think it would survive til i got home hrs later considering it's july in phx az!). i'd always wanted to try the other desserts at this restaurant so i'm glad i was finally able to lol, btw at the waitress' suggestion and she was right on :) i ordered the steak med well and it came to me med rare, so they didn't mind heating it up more and i had 2 ppl (the manager brought the reheated steak, and the waitress) ask if the steak was done better this time, and i was glad to say it was fine.. the taste was tons better (b4 i got the prime rib and it was majorly salty!) and the molten lava cake did not disappoint.. from now on, i'll have to debate which dessert to get! lol.. anyway, this time they showed me they cared abt the quality and my customer satisfaction :) at my last visit, this was not really the case.. so it's nice to see that at least during this time period on sunday that the service and food r tons better! maybe they tightened their ship or changed management? but either way, i'm satisfied and will try to use the rest of the gift card here soon! :)
4	The food and service were great! You can tell it's a new environment-beginners ya know but everything was fantastic!
2	I took my husband here for his 35th Birthday. We ordered Calamari for an appetizer we were completely disappointed, it was rubbery and the sauce was overpowering with sweetness and made everything mushy. It was obviously frozen. Their Ginger Alcoholic beverage was disgusting, too much ginger. One thing I can positively say is that the Prime Rib was out of this world!!! I highly recommend the Prime Rib to anyone who's looking for a good quality dinner!
3	Went with a group of 8 other people. Service was fine for the most part. The main dishes took a while, but I understand that was probably because of our large party.Spinach dip was good. Texas "Tonions" were alright. The Grilled Redrock Shrimp plate was tasty.Overall, just an average steakhouse.
4	This is our second time visiting.  First, the breaded fried shrimp was probably the best I have had in a long long time.  It tasted like hand breaded and salted just right.  They were juicy, tender, and delicious.  The seafood sauce was nice and smokey spicy, perfect!  I ordered the asparagus for $1.69 more and it was grilled just right.  The chopped salad had a nice creamy dressing that made the salad very appetizing.  My boyfriend got the $12.99 steak special and devoured it.  Service was good, the menu had an extensive selection.  We did not wait to get seated on a Saturday night at 7:15 but there were many patrons. Some of my favorite aspects of the restaurant are the low, relaxed lighting, full menu, and no blaring music.  We will be back.
4	Great atmosphere!  Really great food, I had the steak and shrimp, it was so good. The asparagus appetizer is so good too, I love fried pickles but the fried asparagus may make me change my ways.  With a party of 10 we didn't wait long to be seated,  but because it was busy we did wait a really long to get served our entrees. The appetizers did cone quickly though.
3	Ok, the food is fantastic!  Drink selections are very very good.  My only complaint is how long it takes to get your drinks.  We arrived at 4:30, there was hardly anyone in attendance and it ALWAYS takes a while to get a beverage.  Why?  Servers are friendly, hostesses are welcoming, food is outstanding.  How about a faster way to get drinks out?
4	I recommend giving this place another try.  There are a number of negative reviews, and I am not sure why.  The food was great and the service was tremendous. My wife had the harvest mushroom filet which was cooked perfectly and very tender.   I had the prime rib which was again perfectly medium rare and well seasoned.   We also had the sampler appetizer which was better than average.
5	The Parmesan crusted asparagus is AMAZING!!!  Hailey is AWESOME...she's always so friendly!  This is a GREAT place and the ratings should be a lot higher.
4	I like that the menu changes and there are new appetizers and specials from time to time.  I also like that there is a happy hour discount menu.  Servers are always friendly and the lighting is relaxing after a hard day.  My only complaint is how long it usually takes to get drinks and food.  We often wait a pretty long time for the first drinks and last night it took a pretty long time to get our food too.  Otherwise, I really really like this place and it's close to my house so I'd like to be a regular-- just need quicker food and drinks on the table.  Food is very very good.
3	Went in for dinner. Tried a couple of the appetizers and had a steak and potato. Everything was ok. Nothing really stood out and I would probably only go back if someone else was picking up the tab. Waitress was very nice.
5	Had a xmas family gathering here and loved it. Food was wonderful (try the pork chops. Yum!), service was top notch (ask to sit with Michele) and everything was just about as good as you would expect. My only observation is that the prices of the menu items seem a couple dollars higher than they should be (given what all you get) but that's a minor issue. Our party had the parmesan chicken, the shaved prime rib sandwich, the primetime burger and the pork chops.They were all delicious!
2	I got a gift card for Christmas for this place. Never even heard of it before but I also don't eat at a lot of chain restaurants either. I went New Year's Eve to try it out. I am a single guy and the place was super busy so I chose a seat at the bar. The bar was busy but started to clear as soon as I sat down. It became very apparent very quickly that there was a single person working the bar. She was also the one making drinks for the rest of the restaurant. New Year's Eve is typically a drinking holiday so the short staffing was perplexing. After my area was cleared she asked for my drink order and I requested a menu. It was close to 10 minutes before the bartender asked for my order. I order the filet and lobster tail.  About 10 minutes later, a young lady delivered my entree to me; however, I had not received my salad yet. I sent it back and my salad was delivered about 2 minutes later. I was never offered bread so I asked a young man cleaning glasses at the bar if I could have some bread. He quickly returned with a loaf. The bleu cheese dressing is too sweet and was really heavy on the salad. When the entree arrived it looked fine but I did ask the server if it was a fresh meal or left over from the first delivery. The filet was very good, the risotto was fine, and the lobster tail was cooked fine too. It is a little small and the seasoning on it could be left off. Overall the meal was average to decent but the service was horrible. I never was asked how the meal tasted or apologized to for the mishap. I understand the busy-ness that was going on, but it had died down quite a bit by the time I sat down. As a single person who also doesn't drink alcohol, I am accustomed to not always getting doted on by servers since my tab may not always generate the biggest tips. But even just a little acknowledgment to me would've gone a long way. Then to my surprise, as I looked at my bill, I was discounted 25%. I am assuming it was for the messed up order?? But no one said anything to me about that either. Well, I am grateful for the attempt to make up for it, but not sure I'll be back anytime soon.
