5	I've been taking both of my Persian cats here for over a year and a half and they always come back smelling and looking great.The owner is very friendly and I've never seen any signs of her being rough with either cat. The price to get a lion cut, a bath and trimmed nails is only 40 bucks which I consider a good price considering the art of shaving a cat!I had a hard time finding a groomer willing to groom a cat so was relieved when I asked her and she said she did in fact groom cats. The experience was so good I kept going back. I did one time deviate and got one cat groomed while home with my parents and it ended with him having a bald spot on his butt. That's never happened at All God's Creatures.I added photos of our cats right after a lion cut to give you an idea!
1	Worst. Haircut. Ever.I have a Yorkiepoo that has been getting her haircut for five years. She's had her fair share of hit or miss haircuts, but she's never gotten a haircut this bad. I showed the groomer a picture of what I wanted, but I guess it got lost in translation with all of the barking dogs in the back (read: I had to shout to be heard). My hubby picked up my dog so I didn't get a chance to examine her, but when she got back........oh no! Not only was the haircut different from the picture I showed the groomer, it was BAD haircut. The whole haircut is choppy and uneven. The hair on her chest is much longer than her body and she has random longer hairs sticking out on her legs. Heck, half her body seems to be shaved closer than her other half!  My husband has done a better job at grooming my dog, it was that bad. My poor sad pup. Thankfully, she doesn't know any better. But I do. I'll never be coming back here again!I've included a few pics. My dog isn't the most photogenic, but I think it gets the point across.
5	I love this place.  My dog is super stressed about going to the groomer and also has cage aggression.  She is great with my dog and sets it up where he never has to go inside a cage while there.
4	So happy I found a great groomer by my new place! She was very friendly and informative.  My siberian got a lion cut and he looks great.  My two cats smelled awesome for weeks to come.  I will definitely be going back!
5	I never thought I'd take a cat to a groomer, but I have a long-haired cat who doesn't enjoy being brushed. After taking him to a different cat groomer with traumatic results, I was worried that he'd never tolerate being groomed I'd always have to deal with mats in his fur. However, All God's Creatures is awesome! She's got a magic touch. While I can't say that my cat now looks forward to getting brushed and trimmed, the staff are friendly and compassionate, and make this process as easy as possible. The best part is I don't have to struggle to remove the mats myself, and her prices are great!
5	I read the reviews after being given the name from another groomer who didn't have any openings.  My  12 year old mutt is "special needs" and was fired by the other groomers who said he was too much trouble.  Katiera was willing to give him a try.  Not only did he do well but without a muzzle!  When I picked him up he looked and smelled great and was calm.Grateful to. Have a new groomer"
1	WORST haircut ever!I'm new to the area and this is by far the worst hair cut my multipoo has ever had! Uneven, butchered, & bald are just a few of the adjectives i'll use to describe his cut. Warning: Don't do it!
3	I took my dog here for a cut. They were the first place I tried afer moving to Pittsburgh.  They're perfectly fine.  They were nice, and very quick.  They followed my instructions.The quality of the cut wasn't that great though.  I won't be as hyperbolic as others and say it was the "worst haircut ever", it was mostly fine, but there was some random unevenness.  I'll keep looking around though, my old groomer was the best.
5	Update after taking both of my cats multiple times.I saw a few people complaining about uneven cuts.  My one cat is a little moody at times, and I've never had her shaved before.  I was nervous I'd get a phone call during the day saying she couldn't finish, but that didn't happen.  I went to go pick them up, and she mentioned that she wasn't able to even Itty out because she had a "moment" and the groomer did not want to push her any longer.  I really appreciated the fact that she always has the animals welfare in mind, and won't go to extremes to finish the perfect hair cut.  Yes, Itty looked ridiculous, but she's shaved, I have A LOT less hair in my apartment, and she seems happier.  Also, her pricing is amazing.  Both cats - shaved & bathed for $96 (includes tax).  My old groomer used to charge us $80 just for one!
5	My vet (Big Easy) recommended this place to me and I'm so glad they did! I've gone 3 times now and have always been pleased. They are reasonably priced and do a great job. My dog has been cut by a different groomer in the past and the people at All God's Creatures knew how nervous I was trying a new groomer after my dog's incident. They called me half-way through his first appointment to give me some peace of mind. These are great people!
5	I had taken my Himalayan cat here once before when he was younger and just had a bath, dry, brush out and sanitary clip. She did an amazing job and he stayed fresh and clean for a long time. Sadly we moved so I decided to try a groomer closer to my new home. The new groomer did a horrible job and gave my cat back to me damp with a matted undercoat. The mats got so bad I decided to take my cat back to All Gods Creatures (despite it being 45 mins away) I had her fix him up with a lion cut and again she did a fabulous job. I could not be more pleased. I will never go anywhere for my cat's grooming needs ever again. They are friendly, professional, reasonably priced, did a great job, and talked to me very specifically about what I wanted before hand. A++ Love them!
5	I've been taking my Newfoundland to All God's Creatures for over two years now. They only time I went somewhere else was because I needed something fast and they couldn't get me in with such short notice. The owner always calls me during grooming if she has any questions or concerns in regards to her cut.  I appreciate the effort to make sure that I am happy! I recently started taking our Lab as well, who we normally would just bathe at home. I'm writing this review because I picked up my dogs today, which was the Newfoundland's sixth or seventh visit at least, and my lab's second or third, and I couldn't be more pleased. Our Newfie looks amazing as usual. She is a black and white Landseer and can get quite grey looking. I know that her coat takes a ton of work, and their cost for a bathe and a cut are very reasonable. We'll continue to us them, even with all of the current roadwork on Penn Ave! A true testament to how devoted we are to quality service.
