5	Wonderful resto. Kind and couteous staff and the food is delicious. You can see the love in the preparation of the food. The rib steak I had was perfectly cooked the way I wanted it, juicy tender and moist.
3	I've been to Madison's several times, and I've always been satisfied with the food and service. The decor is very simple yet tasteful. The staff is accommodating and very efficient and present. They made sure we always had something to drink and wait times for our meal were very reasonable. I ordered the Madison's burger with house fries and a house salad with Italian dressing to start. They're Italian dressing is one like I have never tasted; I can't explain it but it's so much more flavourful than regular Italian dressing, so no complaints here. Normally I order the Oriental chicken salad (which is uber delish), but I was in the mood for a burger, so I switched things up to avoid being boring and predictable. The burger was juicy and pretty good by my standards, but to be frank, nothing to write home about. For the price and being a chain though it works. Overall, I would recommend this place, especially for the service. I would suggest the spinach dip and Oriental chicken salad to those who are interested.
2	I ate here many times,  but lately the food and the service went down a lot. May be the $11 special menu is too cheap that the waiters were not happy to serve the customers.  All of them looked very serious.  It took him more than 10 minutes for our waiter to take our order. He didn't ask us if we wanted to order any drink.  In fact,  my husband ordered coke and he forgot. My 9 years old son tried to call him politely many times to order a drink and he was ignored until I called him. The clam Chowder tasted nothing but flour. The coleslaw was tasteless and dry. The grilled chicken was the only one that good (very good in fact). The french fries needs to be improved (looked like fast food).  The spinach dip was tasteless too and I could taste dirty oil when eating the tortilla. I might give it another try in the future and hope it will improve.
2	Went for first time with my family and everyone loved their meals except me! I ordered "chicken parmigiana" but I got cheddar cheese instead of Parmesan cheese.  I don't like to send food back to the kitchen after hearing stories from  people who work in restaurants so I ate some of the chicken but was not impressed!  I didn't order "chicken cheddar", the Parmesan cheese is in the name, why change the recipe and not the name? As I said before, everyone with me liked their food, so I will be going back, but will try something else.
4	I started to visit this place after moving to west island....Place is classy, upscale and nice decor compared to other Madison's in Montreal. And there is no price difference.So far after trying majority of their burger menu, my favorite is still Madison burger and their skinny fries are different compared to other resto. Also i recommend to steak instead of the salmon.A good place to visit with friends and family for lunch and dinner. Once in my experience the entire table i was in had dry food and let the manager knw while paying and he apologized Friendly staff and great service..
5	Wonderful service, great food, great staff and owners that care! Never been disappointed. Always a personal touch.  Great ambiance in the Barbie dining room.
