2	Oh dear, oh dear, where to begin....Only out of laziness do I come here as often as I do. Situated no more than 200 yards from my work, if I'm going out for lunch it's an easy fix. And admittedly I do love their Pear, Rocket and Walnut salad... and that's about the only plus I can muster I#m afraid.It's hard not to compare Let Me Eat to Thyme, which occupied the space in its previous incarnation. The former is managed by one of the latter's old staff, so I think that alone gives me licence. And with this in mind, I can't help but think they've looked at what Thyme did and tried to emulate it at half the cost. Unfortunately it shows.Rolls and Paninis aren't filled quite so generously as they once were, salads are smaller, soups less extravagant. The whole set up smacks of a bunch of first-timers trying to make more money by spending less. On my last visit I had Chicken Noodle Soup, which was chicken stock (fair enough, I'm a fan of that) and about 4 noodles and... well, let's say I'm STILL looking for the chicken! Thyme used to offer thick broths and meaty beasts packed with flavour and ingredients (Red Thai Chicken, Meat Ball, Smokin' Chicken.... these are soups!); Let Me Eat offer think, stock-based half-efforts.One morning I opted for toast, a bargain at 50p you would think. Only both the bread and butter had been frozen overnight, so the bread cooled very quickly, and the butter was simply a clumped into the centre of the bread and the lad sandwiched it all together in the hopes it would melt into the bread by the time I got to work. Alas, it did not. Woeful.It's a shame, because the staff are very warm and friendly, and I'd like them to do well. But to succeed with this venture they're going to have to invest in better produce and deliver heartier portions. Otherwise they will inevitably follow the path of the superior Thyme. If they couldn't make it... these guys don't stand a chance.
3	Progress has certainly been made! Dropped in for a Pear, Bacon and Walnut Salad; hadn't had one in a while and suddenly had a craving.As I stepped up to pay, I noticed something different... the soups board now displayed meat-based broths! Hurrah! So on top of my salad, I plummed for a Teriyaki Beef Soup.Still a lack of actual meat I think, but the flavour was certainly not missing. Very tasty indeed. In raving about the soup I also learned from similarly-opinioned colleagues that the paninis and rolls had also had an overhaul, becoming packed badboys compared to the flimsy, sparse sandwiches of old.As I said in my original review, these are nice guys and I hope they do well. I now think they've taken a step in the right direction. More power to them! I'll be back.
4	Whoa! What a turn up for the books!Fair enough, since my last update nothing more has changed on the food front, but I think these guys deserve an extra star for sheer customer service.After ordering my usual grilled pear salad and soup (today was Chicken Broth), I waited what seemed an age for the salad. When the salad finally arrived the honest lad handed me two....The first was my pear salad as ordered. The second however was his first attempt at my order, on which he put the wrong dressing. Having recognised his mistake and corrected accordingly, he offered me the incorrect salad for free!Fair enough the grilled pear salad wasn't meant to have Caesar dressing on it, and the original tasted better, but there really wasn't anything wrong with failed effort and I happily ate both (AND soup - fatty!) with a great big fat smile on my face.Very honest service. Goes a long way with me.Thanks guys.
5	Strength to strength, what more can I say.Their rolls and wraps are absolutely packed. You can opt for their menu's best (personally recommend the Garlic Cheddar Chicken), or you can play jazz and request whatever filling you like within their means.Their soups are diverse and plentiful. Personal faves include Teriyaki Beef, Mexican Chilli Chicken, Bombay Potato or their authentic Polish soup, Jarzinowa.Their coffee has been lauded in the local papers, check out their front window if you doubt. I'm no coffee man but their equipment is high end and their menu again looks diverse and interesting (Vietnamese specials?).But the latest addition to their menu deserves a star all its own. Tuesdays and Fridays see Michal {mee-hal} and Piotr break out the Weeping Tiger Wraps. Sometimes pulled pork, sometimes pulled beef. But each and every time it coem served up with onions, tomato and lettuce, packed generously, wrapped up tight and toasted til lightly browned. They are what Friday lunchtimes are AAAAALLLL about!Go out of your way for one of these beasts. They are magnificent.On top of all the wonderful offerings above, the owners and their staff are constantly friendly, even in rush hour. If you are lucky enough to become a regular, and you give them enough banter to remember you, it's most likely they will reward your chat or tips with a freebie once in a while. Absolutely great service and a proper gem in Edinburgh.PS. They also have some of the best music to ever play out of a lunchtime deli.
5	Since starting work round here this has become my go to place for coffee and lunch!As Joe.A says the main event is for the sure the Weeping Tiger Wraps on Wednesday and Friday but in general they just do awesome and generous food! I try to have their salads most days, lots of toppings and tasty dressings make even lettuce taste good!Their Polish specials are always a treat, the perogi and the beetroot soup two of my favourites.Cool staff and a particularly cute & witty girl that works the till at lunchtime make for a pleasant break when getting lunch. They also do a great very well priced coffee.The music also randomly adds to the experience with some particularly good jazz played most days.Maybe not as refined as their neighbour but more heart and more banter!
5	My review might be a wee bit biased because Ive come to be pals with these guys but as far as lunchtime meals go, there really isn't anywhere better in Edinburgh. The first thing that springs to mind is the amount these guys give you! How many times have you come away from a  cafe thinking they are obviously counting every piece of chicken/lettuce/tomato etc? At this place they just throw on half a chicken! it's also cheap and much cheaper than their disinterested neighbour, Foodies. hell, I've had so many free coffees and even the odd lunchtime vodka from these guys, it's just another great aspect. Food aside, the guys are great and play some great music. The short haired girl who works there is so lovely and looks like something out of a French New Wave film. Just go, you really won't be disappointed.
