4	Pretty cool idea!  Basically they have about ten different frozen yogurts.  You pick a cup size you pick your yogurt.  You can mix match add as much toppings as you want or as little they weight it and you pay per ounce around .32 cents an ounce.  So awesome!  I like the cheesecake with Oreo cookie yogurt.  They have fruit and candy toppings.  This place is basically a make it yourself frozen yogurt shop.  Fun for kids and adults!   We are a big fan.  If you want regular ice cream they sell that too its thrifty ice cream.  They also have shaved ice and smoothy's.  This is a mom and pop owned frozen treat shop.  Its in a little corner of the shopping center so its easy to miss but so worth it.
5	Awesome yogurt place.  It taste more like ice cream then yogurt with less calories.  They have around 8-10 flavor of yogurts which you can add a dozen or so toppings from nuts to M&M as well as fresh fruits.The price is fairly cheap at around 32 cents an ounce and the owner is very friendly.  I found out they have some unique flavor yogurt in a separate freezer from green tea to durian flavor.  The location is in the same mall with Fry's supermarket (in the corner).  You can also buy ice, water and ice cream too.
4	Place is clean, staff is friendly...I love that it's kind of a one stop shop and the self serve yogurt shop connects to the water and ice next door.  You can get what ever cold confection you are craving from Thrifty's ice cream, shaved ice, yogurt or smoothies...an added bonus is they stay open late 7 days a week!
3	This was my first time at dolce's. After seeing all of the reviews on yelp about all of the different flavors they had, I wanted to go check it out. When I got there there was only 4 FLAVORS?! Maybe they where cleaning them or they where out? I do not know. They didnt even have chocolate or vanilla available? I ended up getting the pistachio and it was good. The toppings where so-so and they didnt have any fresh fruit available. Maybe I went there on an off night? Not sure, but I will give them another chance in a couple weeks to see.
3	After swearing by gelato for a number of years, Dolce turned me back on to the delicious world of frozen yogurt.The place is simple, fill up your cup, add toppings, and weigh in.The flavors are strong and sweet...even a little too sweet for me, but I could be a wuss. I like the pistachio, cheesecake, and oreo flavors. Too bad they're out of 2/3 of the stuff I like every time I come by! I wanna rate this place higher, but they just don't have enough of a selection. Still tasty, though.
4	Didn't taste the Yogurt here yet, but had the ice cream. Reminds me of the ice cream in NYC Chinatown! Decent prices for ice cream, my SO and I brought 3 kids here after dinner and they seemed to enjoy it. Really hot sitting inside though, but better than outside, haha.  We got green tea & cookies and cream.We'll be back to again, but might not try the froyo since the reviews for that are so bad. :)
4	When it's 118 outside who doesn't love a cool treat?  I had a major yogurt craving and stopped in to check this place out.  They have about 10 flavors of yogurt along with many toppings and fruit to put on it.  They also have boba drinks and ice cream for non yogurt lovers.
5	The water here is really great, I've yet to find a place that has filters that get the water as good as here.I really enjoy their boba, at first they weren't the best with the boba being not sweet and chewy enough but they have gotten better with it over the past few months and this has become my favorite place to go to.  I'd recommend the Honeydew (tastes very refreshing).The last time I went there my wife decided to get an ice cream after I had gotten a boba and water, instead of running the credit card, the owner just said to pay him back next time.  We are there so often that I definitely plan on doing just that.
2	it's a water supplier/yogurt and ice-cream shop.The way it's layed out and designed I thought you could serve yourself...but when I walked up to the stations - they were all closed up/painted shut...so I walked up to the counter and and the guy was in the back watching a movie...he finally heard me and came to help. He was very sweet...but wasn't very great at staying up front (he kept going in the back to watch his movie). Anywho, back to the shop - only four options of yogurt...toppings were a few, but not very well stocked. :(They also had a Thrifty's ice-cream counter - but I didn't try that.my yogurt was good. had tart and cheesecake flavors with fruit toppings. Just wasn't too fond of the service, setup, and selections. Hope this place steps it up. It does have potential. :)
