2	I walked in without an appointment, they were very busy, so I stood in the entry way for several minutes before being greeted. Once an associate finally said hello, I asked about the wait for a mani-pedi and she said it would be a half an hour. So I said okay, I'd wait. They put me in a pedicure chair to soak about 15 minutes into my wait; when she asked how the water was, I said it could be warmer; she said when it's busy they don't really have hot water. (strike one) After starting my soak, I waited another 60 minutes before anyone started my services. (strike two). The mani and pedi themselves were okay; no great massage, okay lotion, okay nail shaping. The very next day though, my nails are almost all chipped; and I didn't do anything to them; I came home, made dinner and read a book! (strike three) I won't be going back; they were okay priced if every other place on the planet closed and I had to have a pedi, I'd think about it, but there are too many other choices.
2	WHen I started going here it was pretty good.   Two of the ladies there did a good job Than I started getting this older guy and woman and I'd find that I'd go in for a fill in and it would last maybe a week where I used to be able to go for 2 to 3 week.  I'm sure my nails haven't suddenly started growing faster.  My nails also started lifting after a few days.  He just doesn't do a very good job and not being one who can make an appointment, I kinda gotta take what I get.  If I knew I was going to get either of the 2 ladies that I used to get in the beginning I would go back there everytime but I keep getting stuck with the guy so I just don't think it's worth the gamble anymore.  Time to find a more consistant salon and also one that appreciates the year round resident over the snowbird.
4	My experience was good. I walked in on a Friday after work, I had to wait maybe 5 minutes or so to get in a chair. And maybe another 5 before they started working on me.I got a nice mani pedi. I like the gel nail polish because they cure it with UV lights and so it's completely dried and cured before you're done and ready to pay.The people in the nail salon were nice and friendly. I felt welcome and I think they did a good job.
