3	Hidden underneath an unsightly mess of scaffolding (temporarily erected) lies the Baytree.  Here you'll find a wide variety of Cards for pretty much any occasion.  Inexpensive and convenient (if you live in the Bruntsfield area) the Baytree is a reliable card shop where you can usually find a quirky card, a thoughtful gesture or a respectable token of appreciation. The shop is somewhat small, but in my opinion this only serves to limit your aimless wandering through isles of cards. More often than not you can find a suitable card, allowing you to press on with other errands.
4	Bruntsfield is an area that's full of little boutique-style shops, selling a plethora of different things.  Tucked in among these, and (currently) surrounded by scaffolding is a gem of a card shop - The Bay Tree Company.I find that I am increasingly unsatisfied by the cards provided by the major high street card and stationary chains.  Cards are either too cheesy, full of unnecessary poems, or guaranteed to be the same as everyone else gets.  We're always looking for that something that bit different.  This is where this shop comes in.Whilst it is not a large shop, it succeeds in cramming a large array of cards into a small area.  All cards are of a superb quality and cover a variety of styles as well as all the standard occasions.  A bright interior and cheerful shop assistant ensures that you are always going to find the card you require.  I have been more than satisfied each time I have used them.Cards, of course, range in price and the prices are perhaps slightly more than in a high street store.  However, you are paying a bit more for a much better quality of card, and so this should be no barrier to using this great little shop!
4	This is a lovely little card shop if you are looking for something a little bit special rather than the cheap sort you can pick up from a Poundstretcher or a supermarket.The cards from here aren't cheap so you aren't likely to buy a card here for someone you rarely speak to but feel you must get a card for, but for those who you want to give a special card this is the place to come.  Those willing to spend that little bit more will find a slightly more personal selection of cards here so you won't need to buy everyone that funny card they've already seen about fifty times.
4	Bay Tree Company is a perfectly better than just good card shop, with tons to offer in the way of above average, and alternative, greetings cards. So many card shops fall short of the mark in terms of design, variety, and generally keeping up with current looks and trends. The Bay Tree Company shines through all the rubbish like a beacon of bright salutations, in a greetings card world where the same message/similar designs are churned out ten a penny.I know some people think the present is the most important part, and the card is just decoration, but I suppose it depends on whether you're going to attempt to write something significant in the card, or whether you want it to be super funny, or deep and meaningful. If you want a card that shows you've made an effort with the whole package, then The Bay Tree Company won't disappoint.
4	The second of two Bay Tree Company branches in Edinburgh, this one is quite dinky but still packs a punch in the world of cards. The shop is beautifully decorated and well organised with quirky gift ideas mingled in between all the different cards.If you're looking for a card that's that wee bit extra special than the ones in the likes of Clinton Cards then I'd recommend coming here as the selection is excellent and even though you might find yourself paying a little bit more, it's worth it for someone special.
