4	I still haven't eaten at Legume, but for my friend's birthday we wanted some cocktails and bar food so we thought it would be the perfect opportunity to try Butterjoint.The ambiance is really nice. Laid back but refined, not quiet but not loud. Our server was genuine and hilarious, plus he had great recommendations. The cocktail menu is mostly classic cocktails, but I ended up going with a concoction of rum, applejack, and spices that was wintery deliciousness. My friend said all of the (many) classic cocktails he got were perfect.For food we had the daikon fries, salad du jour, pickle platter, and burgers. Everything was really good, but the standout was the AMAZING pickles! The burger was cooked rare as requested and the meat was definitely top notch, but it was a little too salty for me, and I wasn't a huge fan of the accompanying fries with a pretty bland aioli. One of my friends did the one-plate supper of the night, which was stroganoff with meatballs--and the meatballs were seriously to die for. Who says that about meatballs?Butterjoint made me want to kick myself for not getting to Legume sooner, so I'll definitely have to sample the full menu next time!
5	Love the Butterjoint! My new favorite place. We went last night and had the best time. Will was our server/bartender.  We were able to get a table in the back. Very chill atmosphere... Loved the jellyfish art hanging from the ceiling. We started with tallow fries and the pickle platter. I love pickled and fermented food. The platter had pickled turnips, green tomatoes, sauerkraut, spicy kimchi, and pickles.  Amazing!! Super yummy. The tallow fries were so tasty that we ended up ordering another order. There is a bar menu but you can also order from Legume's menu.  I ended up getting the scallops with the lentils! They were perfect. For dessert Will made us Spanish coffees that they light on fire... So toasty and delicious on a cold snowy night. I am so excited about the Butterjoint! I can't wait to go back.
5	FIVE STARS ARE NOT ENOUGH!  i love the chill atmosphere and stiff drinks!  will def be back!
4	I had a really amazing meal here and excellent attentive service.  There's an especially cute booth in Butterjoint that is oh so cozy, but there are other great places to sit as well.  The food is mostly comfort food and it is cooked to perfection.  Our waiter gave us lots of help in suggesting things to order, and he bent over backwards in making a drink for us that was not on the menu.  This place is a winner!
2	I was really exited to try the place at first and plan to go back again because i have to believe what I experienced was unusual. The thing that really drew me to this place was the tallow appetizers. However when I went they were not serving that. It was a Friday happy hour and the whole reason I went was taken off of the menu. However I understand that sometimes ingredients run out and whatever excuse they may have had for its absence I will accept. Furthermore decent happy hour drink specials helped alleviate the problem.What i could not accept is that I had the single worst service of my life. This is sort of a hipster joint and I have never met a man that had more apathy to his job quality. I was at a table with five people and we saw so little of him it was comical. As this was a small bar and really not busy it was inexcusable.  After waiting for 20 minutes we finally asked him if would could order food at which point he said yes and then simply walked away for another 15 minutes before taking our order. The only thing worse than this mans service was his ridiculous mutton chops.I really hope this is not a typical experience at this place as decent food and drink specials could make this a very nice bar if the service was even remotely respectful.
4	A classy bar with some table seating. Went here last Thursday around 7:30 and had to wait for a bit to snag a table. Keep in mind all the seating is first come first serve. The wait was no big deal and we passed the time be having a few drinks. After we found ourselves a table about thirty minutes later we ordered a wide array of the available bar food. Butterjoint sort of does twists on local cuisine favorites. we ordered: Fried pickles, perogies and kielbasa, fried sauerkraut balls, pickled turnips, and the kimchi. Everything was superb, but the fried sauerkraut balls really stood out, a great spin on a Pittsburgh-style dish.Drinks were sort of pricey, but well worth it. Food was a little more than the average bar fare prices, but again the quality was excellent. For two of us to eat and have a few drinks our tab ran somewhere around $70.Great find. Will be back.
1	We were so excited to try this addition to Legume out. We arrived around 7pm, sat down, ordered drinks, and inquired about food/desserts. After our drinks arrived, our waiter told us he'd 'be right back."He never did come back. The man behind us ordered and received his meal, and the family behind him ordered theirs. We finished our drinks, found our waiter, told him we would not be ordering food, paid for our drinks, and left. We have not had such bad service anywhere else in Pittsburgh. Really disappointed.Highlight of the night, we had a delicious dinner at Park Bruges.
4	Cute and classy. Not many tables and a small bar. The cocktail list is pretty decent and they do know how to make a good drink, even if those drinks are a bit pricey. I had the pierogies and they were good, yet nothing to write home about. The menu has a lot of fried items on it but you can also order from the adjacent Legume. I do like how they accept reservations for a tables. I definitely want to try their happy hour next.
4	Butterjoint was highly recommended to me, so I figured I would come try the "best burger in town." Our waiter was not particularly attentive, but he was knowledgeable and able to provide me with a good recommendation. I started with the bluefish pate from Legume's menu, and then had a basic burger with the cave-aged gruyere cheese. It was great. The fries were very good, and the meat itself was juicy and flavorful. I was not a huge fan of the bun, but overall was very pleased with my meal.
4	Visiting Pittsburgh, we decided to yelp it for a decent place to eat. Legume came up, but we were in the mood to relax and veg out, thus decided to eat at Butterjoint instead. The decadently red interior was warm and inviting. Our waitress was super nice and even brought us menus from Legume, so we could try the food in the comfort of our red palace. The cocktails were unique and delicious. We tried the pierogies and ended up ordering the "special" burgers, which were mouthwateringly delicious. Perfect experience in a perfect bar to wrap up our trip.
4	Butterjoint is a nice option compared to the other bars in the area (Logan's, Luna, Chiefs). Other bars around here seem to cater to those who have lost something, their home, their teeth, their dignity... But anyways Butterjoint is clean, has a great selection of microbrews and cocktails, and they have happy hour specials and good food. Which would be a 5 star in my book, but this place is sooooo small that it gets cramped fast and you have no room to move.
5	Chelsea was phenomenal. We came in for a birthday, had great service, custom cocktails made for everyone in our party, and Chelsea's knowledge of early 90's music was the cherry on top of the sundae. Definitely will be coming back!
3	It's nice to have this bar located on this side of Oakland.  That is to say a bar that's neither sketchy, nor overrun with college kids.  The small plates are solid.  I had the small plate of the night, which was meatballs, polenta, and escarole.  The meatballs were a little tough, but the dish was filling.  There's a decent drink selection, though the drinks a bit over-priced.  $4 for a Yuengling?  I had to give this place only 3 stars because the service was poor.  Our server seemed more interested in talking to his friends at the other table than taking our drink orders.  He wasn't rude, just disinterested.  My friend then waited 45 minutes for a hamburger after we had all been served our small plates.  The server apologized and the manager brought over the burger, but neither seemed genuinely sorry.  The restaurant was very warm, so warm everyone at the table was complaining of sweaty thighs.  I will give Butterjoint one more chance.
4	I love this spot. it's very loud but the food and drinks are amazing. I definitely have my favorite bartender - it's amazing how attitude can make the same drink taste better. Try the pierogies and delicious burgers. There are too many great drinks to pick one favorite, but my advice would be to splurge a little and get a real good one!
3	The environment is great, but it can get really noisy.  Also regarding the food - while it is generally good, the choices are very limited and have not changed much in my experience.
5	The Butterjoint is our favorite bar in the area. Not only do they have great cocktails and beer, but they have great dinner as well. The fancy burger and one bowl supper never disappoint, and if you want something more upscale you can order off the Legume menu. Chelsea is our favorite bartender/waitress, she always makes sure we have what we need, and even lets us change to our favorite table.
5	I went here with a friend for my birthday and was treated to some their fine concoctions. I was surprised that the prices weren't ridiculously high and while the size of the drink was rather small, it packed a punch.  We were out with our first drink. It wasn't hard to drink either, it was delicious and I'd never gone to another place that could whip up the kinds of drinks that they did that night. I am happy to say that I would come here again and again.This probably has the best ambiance that I've seen a bar have in all my life. The candles, the classically designed seating, and the nice wait staff were all part of making my night one of the best.
4	I loved this bar. The cocktails on the menu were fantastic (I had a strawberry cobbler and my friend had a peated martini...both delicious) but what really stood out were the drinks the bartender improvised based on my suggestions. I mentioned I wanted something with gin or silver tequila, not too bitter or sweet, and very clean-tasting and he came up with a cocktail that was both beautiful to look at and tasted even better. I had never had a drink with chartreuse before and he was dead-on with the suggestion/made sure I liked the taste & smell before mixing the drink. The decor is nice and dark and the food I saw looked spectacular (although I'll have to go back to heat). It's a bit expensive for me to be a regular drinking spot but, if you want a quality cocktail, this place delivers.Update:I visited on a second occasion and tried the desserts which may give the drinks a run for their money. I'm not sure whether I loved my peach pound cake or Astoria cocktail more, although I want to give my bartender, Will, kudos again (had him both times) for another awesome suggestion.
5	Everything about my experience at Butterjoint was fantastic. I came at 7 on a Thursday evening and the bar was completely filled with a true mix of people, mid 20's to mid 70's. After waiting a bit a friend and I were able to secure a seat at the bar. I think this may be my preferred place to sit because watching the bartenders mix up all of the creative cocktails is pretty entertaining. My friend and I both had the burger which is made completely in house from high quality, local beef; they break down whole sides of beef to make their own master burger blend. I can say with complete conviction that the burger coming out of that kitchen is the best burger I've had anywhere in Pittsburgh. It was cooked edge to edge to a perfect medium rare (that's what the kitchen recommends), perfectly seasoned, and served on a white bun that holds up to the juiciness without being super bready.  Pair that with some shoestring fries cooked in tallow (rendered beef fat), a great beer, and you have a burger and fries meal that can't be beat. I'm sure everything else on their limited menu is just as good as the burger and I can't wait to come back and try it all.
4	Great service here, great cocktails and an interesting draft list. The bartenders and waitstaff have a great rapport with the locals and I like that you can order from both the bar menu and the Legume menu.Only two things prevent this place from getting the full 5 stars:1. Why "butterjoint" instead of the bar at Legume? Why the need to brand it as a new restaurant?2. Very limited vegetarian options and virtually nonexistent vegan options. Tallow fries really don't taste that much better, and they're not worth the extra beef fat, in my opinion.Still, a fantastic place. Gets crowded on the weekends and during happy hour so get there early!
5	If you're into BACON and burgers, this would be a great place to stop. My wife and I went there as we were passing through Pittsburgh. We tumbled across this place using Yelp! The reviews were pretty good and this was the only place that was serving food past 11pm. Immediately walking in, we were greeted by the bartender. The service was all around good, which makes a world of a difference. My wife and I both orders the "Fancy burger of the day". The burger had bacon cured in house, locally grounded beef, and different toppings which I wish I could remember all of them. All I remember is that the burger was good. I thought I would be upset because the menu was small, but after thinking about it, a small menu gives them a better chance at perfecting their foods. My assumption was correct. That was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. That and a beer, my night was set!  The environment made for a nice chill bar with great people enjoying the night. Check it out!
4	This little bar is adjacent to Legume.  There is a bar menu for snacks but you can also order from the Legume menu.I got the baba ganoush and a beer thinking I'd just stay for a drink.  The crowd was lively and the bartenders were quite attractive.  Although I am a sucker for a nice guy in hipster glasses.There is a great selection of beer on tap (in particular Fat Head's The Sorcerer).   I stayed for a few more beers and ordered a plate of pierogies.  You either know how to make a pierogie or you don't and these guys knew what they were doing.  This is a nice little neighborhood bar close to the University of Pittsburgh. You leave feeling a little drunk and a little sentimental about the Pittsburgh experience.
5	Great cocktails and burgers!  Come to happy hour!
4	Not too shabby!Stopped here prior to a concert at Petersen Events Center for some pre-show fixin's.  While I'd never been to Legume, I had sampled their works of art multiple times at the Steel City Big Pours and other food/booze events around the city, so I figured their bar would be a great choice.The wife and I showed up at the beginning of happy hour (4:30-630pm), and immediately ordered ourselves a few $4 craft brews (more or less half off!).After mulling both Butterjoint and Legume's menus for a bit, we decided to get the Goat Cheese Crostini (with an awesome house made pepper jam), the Vermont Raclette with Pickles (more or less a slab of melted cheese in a skillet with more crostini), and the Bread Pudding (my personal weakness and it didn't disappoint).Service was great, and I just heard that Legume/BJ are offering lunch, so I'll definitely be going back.
3	Went for happy hour and would definitely go again, but wasn't blown away by anything in particular.The food menu is pretty limited, which is expected since it's a bar and there's a full restaurant next door.  We tried the perogies and some of the pate.  Both were good, but again, nothing astounding.  Although, now I see that we could have also ordered from the legume menu...We had some cocktails and would definitely come back to try some of the others.Overall, I'm mainly won over by the location, which is walking distance for me, and the fact that it wasn't too crowded at about 5:30pm.
5	I love a good cocktail.  I mean, who doesn't?  This place provides just that.  The menu offers some excellent choices and, if you're open-minded, you can put yourself at "The Mercy of the Bartender."  It a cocktail made of whatever they are feeling that day.  Now it was my first visit, so I just did a bourbon cocktail and MAN.  It was spectacular.  The ingredients blended beautifully and the bartender was really cool to boot.  Drinks average $9-$12, but they are worth every penny.The ambiance is kind of sexy: just dim enough with lots of beautiful wood tones.  There is a tv, which I noticed they had on for the Pirates playoff run.  But as soon as the game was over, that tv went off I'm glad to report!  Now there were 2 tables I noticed that had damned near spotlights directly overhead.  Sit there if you're on a date with someone you're just not so sure you'd like to see again (or with friends, since no once cares about being sexy).  This place is connected to Legume, so while I didn't eat here I am sure the food is amazing.  I have already raved about it to several friends and will continue to do so. Can't wait to go back!
5	I like the simple menu, I grabbed a burger with blue cheese and caramelized onions. The best part is that they will cook the burger as rare as an aristocrat would want it. The Happy hour specials are pretty darn good and I liked the variety of draft beers, yeah yeah I know that I'm supposed to try the cocktails, well, maybe next time. I will certainly come back here for a burger in the near future, or maybe an appletini...HA!
4	Do you know why I like coming back to Pittsburgh? It's because the finest bars aren't too fancy to put pierogies on a menu with artisinal cocktails, and the finest bar patrons aren't too preoccupied with with propriety to pair a Sazerac with sauerkraut. Even if there's going to be an inevitable, peculiar aftertaste about an hour later.I stopped in yesterday for happy hour, to drink, eat, and read last week's New Yorker. Nobody commented on the me reading the magazine or the other guy across the bar reading his book. This puts Butterjoint in the sweet spot of Pittsburgh bars for me, a place where I casually can do my thing and nobody raises a ruckus. It's not too refined that it's uncooth to read at the bar, not to divey that a guy sitting next to me would derisively inquire "what're you reading, smartypants?" When I arrived at 6pm, the bar was filled but for one seat. I took that one. By 7pm, things had cleared out as happy hour ended. You may want to consider your time of arrival if you are coming with a small group. It seemed like a number of people sat at the bar while waiting for their table next door at Legume.The burger here is magnificent. It's compact, but dense and weighty, filling but not bloating. You could try the daily Fancy Burger, but know the essential is a strong offering. The default burger even without cheese is a flavorful, ideally sized sandwich for accompanying a drink or two. Order it medium rare, I say. The shape and density of the patty means temperature more easily controlled and done-ness more even throughout, meaning you get a better low-temp burger experience here than you might elsewhere around town.
3	Younger crowd mixed with some older people. Happy hour specials are good. Didn't really like the Pierogies that much. Staff is pretty nice. Noise volume of bar is above average, but still comfortable.
4	I heard great things about this place and couldn't wait to try it out. Working in Oakland this is a perfect spot for happy hour. It is small inside but a cozy and trendy atmosphere.  We were lucky to grab seats at the bar and from 4:30-6:30 most of the drafts are only $4. They also have a specialty cocktail happy hour deal of the day and 2 wine specials.  I went with the Bell's Winter Ale and it was very tasty. I also ordered the goat cheese and pepper jelly crostini. They were amazing!!  Glad none of my friends wanted to try them because I didn't want to share. The spicy pepper jelly complimented the goat cheese well.  I do wish it was bigger inside and had more seating.
4	Butterjoint is one of my fav spots for Happy Hour.  Most of their craft drafts are 4 bucks, and I love their rotating selection (Pumking in the fall, Mad Elf in the winter, and local breweries are also featured).It is busy here during HH, so go sooner than later, esp on a Friday.  I've been there on a Monday with no issues.  On a Fridays, it's a different story.  If you don't get there before 5, you'll be standing.The decor gives off a speak-easy vibe, and the bartenders and wait staff match, with hipster staches and clothes.  Parking can be a pain, but is free on the street after 6.  If you work in Oakland and plan to head to Butterjoint, I advise leaving your car where it's at and walk.The full Legume menu is available at Butterjoint.  I've never ordered food here, as I prefer to concentrate on beer.  My friends and coworkers have raved about the food, though, esp the burger.  I plan to try it next time I'm there, which I'm sure won't be too long!
4	This place is like a fancy Oakland speakeasy- which is cool considering the other, cheap and dirty options in the neighborhood.  I think it would be a great place for a HH spot for professionals.The only downside is that this place is small and gets packed quickly.  I'm not a huge fan of standing up around a bar before 9pm -don't ask- so this place lost a few cool points.  I'm glad I wasn't feeling hungry for this exact reason.If anyone is interested, I did recognize a few Pitt faculty and staff members there.  Just a heads up if you're trying to avoid your professors and advisors :)Otherwise, a seemingly great selection of libations.  They had Mad Elf (a hot commodity in my book)! I'm sure I'll be back-my friends love it.
5	I really love this place! I came with friends on a Friday night, and though we waited a while for a table, we knew we were asking for it when we decided to come at 6pm. We were seated at a little table in the corner, and while we were waiting, servers continually came around refilling our drinks. I especially appreciated this as I was drinking iced tea.My friends enjoyed dirty martinis and glasses of Grenache. They looked delicious, and my friends said they really enjoyed the drinks. To start, we shared the risotto balls. Yum! They were dough-y and gooey, and really delicious. We heard that the burgers are absolutely amazing, so we came to Butterjoint in the mood for burgers. We weren't disappointed. I had a burger with American cheese and caramelized onions, and because they grind their meat fresh every day, I went ahead and ordered my burger cooked medium. It was really flavorful and melted in my mouth. It had just the right amount of red/pink for my taste, and the onions added an additional layer of flavor. The fries were yummy as well. They are the small, crispy, real potato-y kind. I was a fan.Because we were all stuffed at this point, we said no to dessert. I would love to come back again and try dessert, or stop over to Legume and enjoy that menu as well.
5	This place is dangerous and can be habit forming.First, the bartenders tend to know just what they're doing, and they do it well.  It gives the distinct feeling that they do care for their craft and want to make you happy.  Then there's the food -- almost always worth ordering and locally sourced.  Sometimes a BIT on the salty side, but hey....time for more drinks.The ambiance is great (although the temp gets a bit high typically) and cozy.  Parking available right across the street in the garage.
4	Great place for cocktails and appetizers. Food and drinks are always delicious. It can be a little cramped, but it's a good place to get drinks while you are waiting for a table at Legume.
3	This place is really small and there is not a lot of room to move around if it's crowded. I personally felt claustrophobic.Cocktails were creative and they stock a lot of local spirits. Beer list was solid. 3 stars are for the uncomfortable setup of the place. I'm sure I would have given it a higher rating had I been there on a less crowded night.
5	Holy finesse! This place knows what's up! From their well-concocted cocktails and knowledgable staff to their fantastically innovational and delicious food, this place is sure to impress!All that said, I'm a fairly broke person most of the time, and while I loved everything I tried (a gin cocktail, a laphroaig cocktail, a beer, beef tartar, duck), I won't be able to frequent the place because of the prices. They use the finest ingredients, prepare it in the finest and freshest of ways, and yes, of course, you pay for it. I expect and respect this, and still can't afford it.I'll at least go by to sit with their super cool, super connoisseur staff!
5	This is formerly Legume Bar, and my friends and I have been frequenting after it opened 3 years ago since we live in the building above.  We've seen them go thru countless rounds of bartenders, menus, and decor changes, and we all unanimously agree it is perfect the way it is right now.This is the bar we all wanted to live above. It is one long bar right when you walk in, made of dark wood, and the liquor is beautiful.  We come down for the best burgers in Pittsburgh every week.  When I say best burger, I mean it.  The meat is fresh ground 80/20 lean and fat. At medium rare, this thing sings to the red meat gods. So tender and juicy, never frozen, on artisan perfect buns with enough strength to hold the contents.  This is better than tessaros, better than eleven (big lean patty). In a different league compared to burgatory, brgr. The only burger that rivals it is Father's Office in Santa Monica / Culver City.Do yourself a favor and come here.  Bar staff is like family, IPAs of all types always. on tap. I will dearly miss Butterjoint when I leave this city.
5	Amazing Food - local, fresh, delicious. Definitely try the burgers, pierogi, bluefish pate, and any dessert. You can also order from the Legume menu in the bar if the Legume kitchen is open. The people are amazing - service is totally down to earth and not uppity at all. It can sometimes be tricky to get a seat, since there are no reservations - just first come, first served - but it's so worth it! If you haven't been yet - GO NOW! They open at 4 pm so it's great for happy hours that transition into dinners. Will is an AMAZING bar manager, and will always make you something you enjoy even if it's not on the menu - although the menu options are always superb. If you haven't been back in awhile, get back there now!
4	Great vibe, amazing service. Enjoyed their restaurant next door 'Legume' last night. Came back here because we liked it so much.
3	I've been here several times and can say that the burgers and food in general are fantastic.  I also had the absolute best amaretto sour of my life here.  I am truly lucky to have a place like this a block from my apartment.  That said, there are a couple of reasons why this place gets 3 stars.  1) It's WAY too small.  I don't know a good time you can go and get a seat right away, but I have only been there once when that happened and it was in the middle of a blizzard. 2) The drinks are entirely too expensive.  Happy hour is OK, but I think $10 -$12 for a mixed drink is a bit much. I get they are trying to be upscale, but I don't understand why there are so few bar choices between "college dive bar" and "overpriced gastropub" in Oakland.  Of course that's not Butterjoint's fault, but whatever.  Generally, I avoid the place as much as possible because just thinking about having to deal with the shoulder-to-shoulder overcrowded bar gives me social anxiety.
4	I came here last night during happy hour (which apparently encompasses Wed. after 10pm, who knew?) for a drink.  My drinking companion and I were able to get seated without a problem, which is nice because it usually seems to be packed.  We didn't order any food, since he just came from dinner elsewhere, and I'd had dinner earlier.  I ordered the house white blend, and it was "citrusy and refreshing," as our waiter put it.  My drinking companion ordered a cocktail with tequila, fortified wine, and orange bitters, which I took a sip of, and it was quite refreshing, as well.Service was excellent, as I've come to expect in establishments such as Legume, and our server was great at explaining the various drinks and suggesting them based on our tastes.  The atmosphere was laid back and classy, and quiet enough to actually converse with my drinking companion--much better than the average Oakland bar.  The only downside is that the drinks are a bit pricy, but the happy hour discount helps, and hey, you're paying for quality.  To be honest, I don't feel that I can fairly rate this place until I order some of the cocktails or food, hence why I'm going with my default "I liked it" 4-star rating.  I'm sure I'll be back, though, given how close I live!
5	This is my favorite kind of restaurant: casual atmosphere, hip, and excellent food. I love that you can order off of the Legume menu!! The drinks and wine selection were equally solid, I'm into the atmo, and the burger was just YUM. Cooked to a perfect medium-rare, which is hard to do. The toppings were nicely balanced. I had a delicious Templeton Manhattan on the rocks. My glass of rose was refreshing and crisp. I loved my server. I read some other reviews talking about the crowd, which I can fully imagine. I have been on non-weekends and it was just peachy.
2	I went to Butterjoint excited to try what others have labeled "the best burger in the 'Burgh".  I have to say, I was disappointed at best.  We started with a couple of orders of pierogies.  I felt they were simply ok, and a bit overpriced for what they were.  I also found it to be misleading that the menu offers kielbasea, but you are served a piece of saussage.  Then, time for the main course - the burgers!  While I ordered my burger to be cooked medium rare, it came out medium well at best.  The bun was toasted lightly, which did add to the burger, but the total amount of bread was just too much.  I felt the flavor of the meat was lacking, and since it was so overdone, it was a bit dry.  The service was adequate, but not superb.  We were served fairly quickly after ordering, which is always nice.  I will say, the one element of the evening that did not disappoint was dessert.  I ordered the chocolate trouffle cake, and must say that it was quite delicious.  It was rich, moist, and chocoloatey - the perfect elements of a dessert.  If you want to try Butterjoint, I suggest visiting BRGR first to get your burger, and then finishing the night with the chocolate trouffle cake.  I was told this is the one dessert that is ALWAYS on the menu.
5	The burgers here are amazing. Definitely a good spot to go to, I recommend it highly
5	This was one our favorite places in Pittsburgh. The periogies were so good, we ordered seconds! They have a great cocktail culture that stems from having two amazing bartenders behind the bar. The vibe of the restaurant was a mix of younger trendy professionals and students. The food, drinks and vibe were amazing but what really stood out for me was the excellent service! I ordered a bourbon drink knowing I don't like bourbon (wanted to try something new) and they took it off my bill even though it was completely my fault and I was willing to pay for it. They also were kind enough to help us find our way home since we were visiting from Canada and didn't have access to internet. Highly recommend this place!
1	My first one star review :( I've been here before and the food always is pretty good. For the price I would say it's not proportional. However the service makes it terrible. The table next to me even noticed and made a and had to wave down the server. THE PEOPLE NEXT TO ME JUST SPILLED RED WINE. OH MY GOD. HOW RETARDED CAN PEOPLE BE HERE???? My white tennis shoes are permanently stained with RED WINE. UGH.... As I continue.... Anyways, the server with the long hair was quite rude with the way he responded when we were trying to get a plate. He said with a long and demeaning tone "what do you want?" Seriously?  Ugh, I told you I was splitting a dish, you could at least bring an extra plate if you aren't going to cut my burger in half like you usually do. I an enthusiast for small restaurants that go the unbeaten path. However, I never had to write a bad review, congratulations for being my first.
4	I've only eaten here once so far, but I was highly pleased with my experience.The pierogies I ordered for an appetizer were probably the best I've ever had in all of Pittsburgh, and I've ordered them at quite a few restaurants.The burger I had for my meal was also amazing and is definitely as good if not better than the famous burger chains in the area.I would recommend coming early though so that you don't have to wait for a table.
1	Butterjoint has the space and atmosphere of a dive.  Which is great, right?  Well, in a word, no.  Butterjoint is not the dive that you love but rather the dive that you never want to go back to.  It has a reputation for making good cocktails, or so I've been told, and I can only imagine that reputation is used to mask a food menu that is uninspired in both design and execution.  I have eaten here twice, once with friends and the other time with my girlfriend.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.Ambiance: See above, I know of hole-in-the-walls just south of Washington Square Park in New York that have more ambiance in the limited curb appeal than this cramped and hot space.Service: The service was fantastic the first time I went but I accredit this to the fact that my friends knew the people that worked here.  The second time, without that built-in relationship and rapport, my girlfriend and I were consistently ignored throughout the entire meal.  We were not greeted at the door.  We were not shown to a table.  It took ten minutes before anyone noticed that no server was taking our table, during which time our soon-to-be waitress gave a great big bear hug to, wait for it, someone that she knew.  No silverware was given with our meal.  The list goes on.  The bottom line is that quality of service is not measured by how you treat the regulars but how you perform on a consistent basis with any random customer.  Butterjoint would do well to learn and observe this maxim.Food: I've eaten better burgers at the chain restaurant Five Guys.  The perogies might as well have been Mrs. Ts from the freezer.  And the fries, I don't know how they tasted because they were cold and not worth even trying.  Burgers are an everyman type of food that is genuinely hard to make bad.  Butterjoint is impressive in that respect since it managed to do that very thing.Price: Unreasonable cost for a burger that tastes like this.  I'd rather go to Five Guys to save money and have a much better burger.The reputation for good cocktails: I can't speak on it since I ordered a beer; not a cocktail.  Given the aforementioned comments, I have to believe there are other trendy spots in Pittsburgh to quench my alcoholic thirst than this place.  In summary, if you're hungry look elsewhere.  If you have a craving for a cocktail, I'm sure you can find a place that combines an inviting and comfortable ambiance with tasty concoctions.
5	Best burger in Pittsburgh, and as far as I can tell, best burger in the nation.I've been on the hunt to find a burger as juicy and delicious as the one at Butterjoint and have yet to come across a patty as beautiful (I've been to Umami and a handful of other hyped up burger joints).I almost always order the Fancy Burger of the Day - they rotate depending on what ingredients are in season. My favorites thus far are the one with pickled green beans and one I created myself with kimchi (omg) and gruyere (yes). Some of the burgers have been a bit decadent (lamb on top of the beef patty), but I've still been able to achieve a full food orgasm from every visit. Oh, while you're eating your burger, let the juices drip onto your plate of fries. Yeah. Then eat the fries. Mhmm.To be honest, the service isn't what you would call friendly. They always seem preoccupied, and they don't really make the effort to make you feel welcomed. But if you chat them up or ask questions, they're knowledgeable and familiar - their demeanor is more dry and crunchy than warm and gooey, if that makes any sense. I still wouldn't dock the rating because the burger is that good. Treat yourself. Do it.
5	Cool, chill and classy. Butterjoint is the kind of "high-end" like casual place I love to get a glass of wine and catch up with my girls over yummy pate and chicken livers. Yeah, my girlfriends are rad like that.
3	Seems like from the reviews, this place is hit or miss.  For us, it was a partial miss with the food.  Service was excellent, and the pierogies were good.  Burgers ordered medium came out uncooked in the middle.  We try and avoid that happening by going with medium.  Server was gracious and offered to have them cooked longer, and we were comped a dessert to share.
5	This place in Christian and my opinion takes burgers to a new level, be will warned    bring Bring your appetite great food
5	Had just the best dinner here last night.   Was a little crowded, so while we waited for a table we had a cocktail which was fantastic.  What made it even better is the waiter took our drink order while we waited, and then served us where we stood.  This was great for two reasons, first, the bar was crowded and it was tough to get any room, and the second was it was already on our bill when we sat down and didn't have to worry about closing any tabs.  Overall I thought the level of service was excellent considering it was crowded.  I had a burger, and in my mind it was the best burger in town.  I had it with the cave aged Gruyere and some lettuce and tomato.  Man it was so good.  My wife went with a couple small plates, the beef tartare and the pate, she raved over both of them.  However, I will never ever order anything but the burgers here.  It looked like they made their mayo in house, I didn't put it on my burger, but did dip my fries in it.  Was a little over garlic'ed for my taste, so beware there, I was happy I didn't put it on my burger.  Overall, great cocktails, amazing burger, great service.  Definitely coming back.
5	The fancy burger is consistently the best burger I've ever eaten. Really classy bar, I would put it in the "speakeasy" category.
5	SETTING:Connected to Legume, a small and cozy bar with table seating for small parties (2-4 people). Casual atmosphere, no frills. FOOD:Burgers. That is all. I've been to Burgatory a good amount of times, and yes, I like their burgers. BUT Butterjoint's burgers are a notch above in quality. Medium rare and juicy goodness with every bite. Oh. My. Goodness. And this is just the regular burgers. They have burgers of the day too. Comes with crispy fries on the side. I want to say these are some of the best quality burgers I've had.SERVICE:Waiting staff is average. I think they may have only 1-2 waiters at a time, and sometimes when things get busy, it may take a while for get noticed. They are polite, however, and try to help when they can--they are just busy. This really isn't a restaurant type of setting and more of a bar with seating around it, so I suppose the wait staff reflects that atmosphere.IMPRESSIONS:Definitely my go to spot when I need a good burger close by to where I live. Pricing is very reasonable and comparable to other burger joints like Burgatory, My advice is to go on off times for a casual early dinner (4pm) or later dinner (9pm) bite since seating is pretty limited. Let me know when you ever have a tough week, I'll meet you here for burgers and drinks. It's the perfect pick me up!
5	The best burger in the Burgh, some say. I ordered the "Fancy Burger" Pittsburgh rare and it was superbly prepared. I'm not one to lightly order a rare burger- but the quality of the beef at Butterjoint is second to none in the city. Cave aged Gruyere, onion jam, and an awesome bun all helped, but the beef was never secondary.Tessaro's is a better bet if you have a large party looking for burgers.
5	Wow! This place was amazing. Went here last night while visiting Pittsburgh and will most definitely be returning. From service to food to the vibe this place is fantastic.My husband had the fancy burger which he said is one of the best burgers he has had which is incredibly high praise coming from a man who has eaten burgers throughout the land. I had the pierogies and they were better than  a lot of the ones I ate while in Poland. The real five star bump came from the fries which were the best I've ever had. Seriously magic. We started the night with a pickle back (shot with pickle juice chaser) and even that was delicious. Cannot recommend this place more.
4	Butterjoint is probably the closest non-pub bar to CMU before you hit the Shadyside bars.  The sister bar to Legume, the restaurant next door, it definitely has an aura of classiness with it's dark wood paneling.  They have all sorts of interesting cocktails and drinks.  One of their drinks even features a gummy shark if that's your thing.  The burger probably falls under one of my top 5 burgers in Pittsburgh.
4	Butterjoint!! So much love.  The local burger of the day is always outrageous, and the cocktails are well-crafted (try the Sazerac or the Full Stop). There a few really cool booths in the back, but it's not easy to get a seat here. That'd be my only wish for Butterjoint: for it to be twice as wide and half as crowded (the narrowness of the bar means there's nowhere to stand without being in the way if you're waiting).
4	My friend and fellow Yelper Carly K and I are always looking for fun places to grab appetizers and drinks and selected Butterjoint as our destination this week! I was a little confused as I walked into the restaurant when no one greeted me and was taken aback when another party barged in ahead of me, taking a table. Thankfully, there was still one table left after they were seated, so in my confusion of how seating worked (well, I'm still confused actually), my friend and I didn't get stuck fighting for seats at the bar.As we arrived toward the end of happy hour, we started with a carafe of the house white. I was delightfully surprised by the wine. My reaction to most white wines is *meh* but this Portuguese white was absolutely delicious. I was excited when the carafe also gave us each two full glasses. We shared the tallow fries, which were flavorful and crispy, and then I tried the pierogies with sauerkraut on the side. Though the sauerkraut seemed a bit tough (undercooked?), the pierogies were perfectly warm, golden, and fried.Even though we went to Butterjoint on the Monday night of Christmas week, the bar area was absolutely packed by 7pm, and the restaurant felt a bit claustrophobic due to the warm temperature. Though I really enjoyed the food, I wouldn't have enjoyed staying in the hectic environment much longer!
5	Love this place.  I was in Pittsburgh for a few months for work.  And this was my fav hang out.  You can get Legume's food at the bar!  So that was great.  Delicious food and great drinks.  Really nice bartenders!
5	Go there.  Everything blew my mind. If you appreciate excellent tastes you'll appreciate this establishment, and this review.
