4	Check out my photos.  Kate and I adopted a pup.  A fantastic Beagle/Australian Shepard mix named after an Angels In America character.With dog in tow, we went to pick up the requisite food and supplies.  Mounds is the place to go. Locally owned and operated, the staff are friendly and knowledgeable and they give you a Mounds candy bar upon check-out.  Love it.
5	Mounds is the best pet supply store in town. It's more reasonable than the national chains and has a great selection.  They even donate their own food to the Dane County Humane Society, which is pretty cool.
4	YAY Mounds!!I've gone with my sister to get kitty litter and food here before and I really like this place! For any Chicagoan's who may read this, it is similar to a Petco, but priced like a PetsMart. So they are rather pricey..My favorite thing about this store was the Adoption Center. They have this great big glass window that you can see all the available kitties they have up for adoption. And they also have a board with pictures and descriptions of available dogs from the local shelters they can bring in. I know PetsMart offers this as well, but it is not nearly as big or clean. :)~
5	mounds is awesome. they have a great selection of corn/wheat/soy-free dog food and treats, as well as toys, leashes, etc. everyone who works there is super nice. this is the only place we go for pet supplies anymore... and the fun size mounds bars they give you at the checkout don't hurt either.
3	I absolutely hate writing anything negative -- especially about a pet store that I really like. I really do love the Mounds organization. The organization is truly dedicated to animals and is involved with working to reduce pet overpopulation. The Mounds Dogfest held every year in Sun Prairie, WI is a great event. It's even where I met my dog's breed rescue group which I eventually adopted my dog from.I really do respect and admire this company. With that being said, I have yet to have a pleasant shopping experience at the East Madison Mounds store. The staff people stand around in aisles together and chit-chat -- I've seen this happen all six times I've been there. Customer service there is lacking. Very much lacking. Never once have I been greeted as I enter this store. And as much as I can remember, sales associates were indeed present at the front when I entered. In fact, during my most recent visit, two were standing together, chit-chatting, and absolutely ignored me.This is such a shame. In contrast, my shopping experiences at the Janesville Mounds have been quite the opposite -- the sales associates very enthusiastic to see me, greet me, help me with any questions, and genuinely appreciative that I'm a customer. Like I said, I think this is a wonderful company with wonderful goals. Unfortunately, this one Mounds store has very poor customer service. I wish they could/would correct this.
5	Awesome store!  Had the Acana Ranchlands dog food that I was looking to get Cheppie and PItzie.  It's funny b/c the two people who helped me also give their food Acana Ranchlands.  I was able to convince two shoppers to change to it also from the crappy food they were giving their dogs.  Good prices too.  Not the best, but good.
3	This is one of the times I really wish I could rate on half-stars. For selection, Mounds gets five stars. This location is not an overwhelmingly huge store like some of the big chain pet stores I've been to, and yet they manage to cram more variety of foods, toys, and supplies than any other store I've been to. I'm trying to switch my cats to a grain-free diet, and while the cats are resisting, Mounds has offered me lots of options! So wonderful.I'm not actually familiar with Mounds as a company, but from the tiny bit of research I've done--and the newsletter they gave me--it looks like they are really working to make a difference in the Madison/Southern Wisconsin area. And for that, they at least deserve thumbs up. That said, this location is a bit hard to navigate. I had to wander through the dog food to find the cat food, and the toys were in a totally random spot. Once I found them, though, I was fine. I think the store could use a bit more lighting or something to make it feel a little less dungeon-like, but it's not like you're running around in the dark or anything, either.As for service, I'm really split. This is where the half-star comes in. While the cashiers have always been friendly while I check out, and the first time I was there I had someone ask if I needed help finding anything (which was the time I didn't, as I was legitimately just wandering around), I've not had any additional offers of help, and the employees I see around the store seem a bit stand-offish. That said, it could just be I was there on a few bad days, as the cashiers were super friendly, so it's not horrible customer service, either.
4	Mounds always has what we need for our girls, two siamese Himalayans who require LID food. It was great to see these were on sale this week.Mostly I want to note that Molly M, the cashier, was really nice. I haven't had any bad experiences, but this mounds is clearly where LaFollette and Monona Grove kids go to work part time after school. Molly was friendly and quick and I was really thrilled by her professional and kind demeanor. I think the other cashiers could take a note from her book. She was so nice :)
1	Don't go to this store!  The service is always poor: the people working there are unfriendly, don't know what they are selling, where anything is located, and to top it off you are likely to be overcharged.  So if you do go you best check your receipt.  Plus they tend to get in your face when questioned about store policy.  Sure they have the food I want but I can get it in a different "friendly" store.  Lose the attitude!  What ever happened to good quality customer service?
