1	Buyer Beware If I could give negative stars I would...where do I begin... My first atttempt to make contact with this salon to schedule an appointment should have been my first clue as to what I could expect. There was no answer during the posted business hours. I then drove to the salon where I encountered unlocked doors but no one inside.I then went next door to the massage place and asked about getting an appointment. The receptionist took my name and phone number and assured me that someone would call me.  No one called me. I then called and scheduled an appointment. I specifically stated that I wanted a full set of nails and a pedicure and asked how long of an appointment was needed and assured before I hung up that these services would be performed.I showed up on time for my appointment.  I mentioned that I had an engagement that evening and what time I needed to be finisheed in order to go home, change and arrive at my destination for the evening. It took 2 hours to get my nails done...this was a back fill as I had nails on at the time. Upon finishing my nails I was asked to choose a color for my pedicure. I had to again state that I had to leave as I had an engagement that I needed to be at so left after having just one of two services performed. Approx 6 days later, Lana the owner (who did my naild) returned my original phone call asking me what type of appointment I was interested in scheduling. I had to advise her that I was just there and that she did my nails for me. Talk about awkward.I returned 4 weeks later for a fill and was scheduled with a new employee as Lana was not available. I agreed and was seen by V or Voe... I was pleased with the fill in service he provided. He made a point of asking what I preferred and if I was comfortable during my appointment. I returned 4 weeks later, having made an appointment for a back fill along with a pedicure. I asked about the length of the appointment needed in order to get a back fill and a pedi as I was leaving for vacation. I was assured that 3 hrs was plenty of time.I advised V of what I wanted and he proceeded to begin. He was not familiar with the product I chose, seashell and colored gel. He mentioned multiple times that at is other places of employment he performed this procedure using different techniques but since he was here he had to go by the way Lana wanted. It took 3 hours just to complete my backfill. I also wanted a thin line of glitter placed between the seashell product and the pink acrylic used on my nail bed. He applied silver paint. By this time I was late and needed to leave as I had dinner plans. My nails were very very thin and looked horrible but I was leaving the following day for vacation and did not have time to go back in. I then called the salon and left a message for Lana to call me so I could talke to her. She never called me back so I called again the following week. I gave specific details to the lady who answered the phone including my name, number and the tech who performed my services. Again, no call back from Lana.  My nails were very very thin and after 3 weeks, I had a total of 4 broken nails. I had never had this issue before. I do not advise anyone to have services performed here at this salon. The salon looks nice but the services offered and provided are greatly lacking than those offered by nearby salons.Customer service and satisfaction are non existant and one would be wasting their time and money by soliciting services by anyone hete at this salon.
5	My nails last 4 or 5 weeks and they always look great. I have gone to this salon since it opened and wouldn't go anywhere else. The customer service is superior. They have offered to get me breakfast or lunch at their expense.
4	Reasonable price, clean, love the massage chairs and big screen tv!  Never had a problem, been there 3 times, will go back.
4	Absolutely LOVE Nail Haven!  My girlfriend and I visit monthly for our pedicures.  They have an awesome membership plan for $15 a month and you get a free pedicure, plus 10% off any other services.  They are the BEST pedicures with hot rocks and everything.  They take their time as well.  I don't know about you, but when I'm getting a pedicure, I want to relax, and I love that they don't rush you through it.  I really don't understand why there is such a negative review on here, but I guess everyone has different experiences.  The staff is great and they all know us when we come in, even if it's been a month.  It's very nice and clean inside and doesn't smell as strongly of nail chemicals as most places.  Love this place!
3	This is to Diane M Just alittle info. maybe you should get your fills done every 2 weeks and not 4 weeks , It takes longer to do a 4 week fill and they should have charged you extra.
4	Just got a cut and highlights done with Mary and they're gorgeous! I had wonderful service, everyone was friendly and attentive. Only dropped to 4 stars cause the nail part in the front reeked like the mall ones do. Some salons don't have that overbearing hit of nail smell. I'm not knowledgeable enough to know what it is, but it hits you. And the bowls they wash your hair in just kill your neck.
5	Lana is a great nail technician.  The nails do not lift and look great!  Had a pedi too with Lana ... The best massage I've ever had. I would highly recommend her.  The salon is clean and good decor.
4	I went here because I found a Groupon deal for a mani-pedi for $18. I was pleasantly surprised by the Groupon. My feet were scrubbed and massaged with a hot towel. It came with everything you would expect in a pedicure except for callus removal, which I was fine with doing without considering the price I paid. Manicure was also up to par. They also had massage chairs.It was really simple to schedule an appointment and when I arrived, they were able to take me back right away. Upon first walking in, my impressions were that it was big, clean, and neatly organized. I liked that they had the prices of everything listed behind the front desk and that the reception area was separated from the nail and hair salon by a big wall with just a single open doorway. There was also another wall and doorway separating the foot spas and hair stations from the manicure and hair washing stations. Now I can say this because I am Asian, but the majority of people working here were not Asian! Surprising for a nail salon right? Tommy did my nails and he was super nice not only to me, but to his co-workers. He told me that the owner also owned the massage salon next door. Overall, good Groupon and place! I will probably come back.
5	I absolutely love this place. I have been going here for over 2 years now and I wont go anywhere else. Dan is so awesome I love her, my nails come out perfect every time. I used to hate getting my nails done and would never care about my nails until I met her :) the staff is great and the salon is clean and organized . Check it out!
5	Very clean and very thorough- the basic mani pedi comes with hot stone massage and no feeling of being rushed through your appointment. Very reasonable price for the service.
4	Great place! The lady who did my nails was wonderful! We talked a lot and she did a wonderful job with doing my nails French. I will come back again! Great groupon!
3	I came in close to closing got a fill & a design , she was friendly & was clean got what I wanted (:
