3	They are routinely overwhelmed with patients and never have enough help, but such is how Sonora Quest works the hell out of their people and makes them "efficient" I am sure.  Status quo here is best described as "hurry up and wait".    Meanwhile the drain every last drop of blood from their customers.  See what I did just there?
1	I gave it one star as I had a decent parking spot. I have used this location about 6 times as it's very convenient. Each time they are rude and incompetent at best. My bad for continuing to try every now and then. I do really try to give people the benefit of doubt.  Today was the last straw as it took everything in my power not to pull someone across the counter... We arrived 6 minutes after they opened. My daughter was fasting for her test as well. The front lady and guy always at the computer are clearly annoyed you are there at all; so be careful when you need them to do their job.  After  2 hours we were told they called my Dr and we were 4 days too early. Prior to this they lost our sign in, were very rude to my daughter for inquiring estimated time left after an hour,  and gave an attitude  no matter how politely you asked for their assistance. By the way my doctor office said no one had called and none of what we were told was accurate.  If your employees are not able to provide minimally acceptable social interaction, please hide them in the back or shut down until you can hire someone who will make eye contact for reasons other than to roll their eyes. I will not be returning and am happy to tell anyone how horrible this place is. Patronize this location at your own risk. I am very patient this crossed so many lines at one point I thought we would win money when a tv show host jumped out after we kept our cool in a ridiculous situation... No such luck..left after over 2 hours of waiting and rudeness, starving kid, still needing the tests, have to do all over again tomorrow, but clearly not at that location!!!
1	This place only has 2 stars for a reason! I'm surprised they even got that many. It took me 30 mins to find the place. When you call them its a hassle to even get a live person, therefore i was 2 minutes late for my appt. When i finally made it through the automated system and was able to talk to someone, i explained to them that there's no signs for the bldg and its almost impossible to find. Once i finally got there they turned me away! i feel bad for people that have to use this place. If you are an elderly person, i highly recommend you go the extra distance to use a different location.
