3	To those of you who are contracted to sprint such as I, you have my condolences. Today I had the "pleasure" of going in and getting my phone serviced at this store which is my usual location. I'm happy to say they redid the look of the store, and it now looks very open and is easier to navigate. I had a salesperson who I have never seen before, but he was really open in letting me know the dirt on all the phones. He also serviced my phone himself right in front of me in a about ten minutes. For this location this is a OH MY GOD moment because usually it's taken to the back room to some techie, and you don't see it again for at least a half an hour. Although I'm not going to sing my love for Sprint, I'm happy to say I was very happy with my in store experience today!
5	I may not be the world's most careful person with phones, but this time, my phone breaking was NOT my fault!  Since my phone is under a year warranty (suck it iPhone!) we were told that we could take it to a Sprint Repair Center and get it replaced.  We took it to one, and the guy tried to blame the broken phone on me, when it was clearly a manufacturing defect.  He then directed us to this store and said they might be able to help us.  We came in and were immediately greeted by someone and sat down so we could get the phone issue resolved.  Pretty awesome so far.  The guy looked over the phone a bit, did some stuff in the computer and then handed me a receipt saying I could get my replacement phone in just a couple days!  He even activated my old phone so I wouldn't be communication-less.  Sweet!  I was really impressed with this Sprint store.  The employees are all very helpful, they're incredibly knowledgeable and they have a fun sense of humor.  Plus, the crazy lady next to us was entertainment.  I was very VERY happy with my experience here.
5	I have to hand it to Sprint, they've seriously stepped up their game. As a heavy BlackBerry user, things are bound to go wrong with my phone from time to time. Trackball replacements? No problemo! Dropped it off here, came back in an hour, and it felt like a new phone. People here seemed really nice. At first, I wasn't sure about the systematic way they see customers here. (You check in, and they help you chronologically based on your arrival at the store) But after a few visits, I've grown to like the way it works. It assures that you won't fall in the cracks and have to actually ask for assistance. I know I personally hate asking for things. Service representatives are speedy too. :)PS - this store is NICE. It looks like its brand new. Very clean, very 2010.
1	Avoid Sprint if you can. They have the worst cell reception out of all the major companies.I am in scottsdale, right next to scottsdale rd and macdonald and cannot use the phone at my house. Even when I am traveling, the phones reception is always poor. I would use anyone but this provider.
1	Walking in to this sprint store is a drag, no one greets you and if you do get lucky enough to get the help of one of the employees, in my experience, they act like its such a chore to tell you about their phones. When I went, there wasn't a single customer in the store besides myself and my sister, and 4 employees were chatting away! One tore himself away from them just to inform me that all the phones i was looking at were the exact same and he cant say that any are better quality than the other because there isn't a shred of difference between them- the epic 4g, evo shift and evo 3d. I was like ooookay and left having felt none the wiser about getting a new phone.
5	Best customer service and most knowledgeable people...these guys are really honest and forthright.... i hate to see bad reviews on the network and not the people who really do their best at the store.
2	Okay, so I finally decided it was time to get rid of my old flip phone and upgrade to a smartphone.  I was super excited.  My grandmother and Iare on a family plan together and she lives in Tucson.  She mailed me my phone and was told that I can just go to a Sprint Store up here and have it activated.  I took my phone into this store and the associate, I think his name was John, told me in order to access the account, he needed the pin # or the answer to the security question.  I didn't know either and I used the store's phone to call my grandma (since sprint had turned off my service a couple days before) and my grandma was giving me a lot of answers that were not the right ones.  I was really upset and couldn't believe that this was so difficult.  I asked to speak to someone else and he said that they would tell me the same thing.  At this point, I'm the only customer in the store and two other associates are wandering around and I know they can tell I'm upset.  Neither of them came over and offered to help at all....He told me that my grandmother had to call customer service to reset the password.  Well, that's a whole other story.  Well, at the end of the day when I met up with my husband (after he had a few beers) he took my phone played around on it for literally less than a minute and magically, it was activated.  I can't believe that this person is in customer service.  He is an idiot and should be fired.  When I was extremely upset, he showed no emotion at all and couldn't help me at all.The next day, my husband and I went into this exact same sprint store, to get my contacts transferred over and I just wish that guy had been there.  We did however, let one of the managers know of the situation the day before.  I'm not sure if anything will be done about it.It's best to avoid this store.
1	This location has always been helpful in the past.  In the last few days I've dealt with several of their staff resulting in the one star rating.  Uninformed hosts, (the people who check you in). I was lied to, by being informed thatmy phone was worth more as a buy back then it really was.  Given the spring in this person's step, I guess he was getting some bonus for selling me a new phone and/or renewing my contract.Once I was making the purchase and renewing my contract (now dealing with someone else, a sales manager or floor manager)1. I was told my old phone was worth less than what I was told by the host person.2. I was told that I would not be able to use the money from my old phone toward the purchase of the new one.  I was only able to use it for accessories that I didn't want.3. I was lured into spending less on the phone by purchasing extra monthly costs like mobile hot spots.4. I ended up spending $235, after being informed that I would be spending less. About $180.So I walk out with my new phone having spent more than I wanted and feeling like I asked enough questions, and was basically lied to in order to get bonuses from the sale of the phone and renew my contract.So after having my phone for a few days (iPhone 5) I don't like it.  Over-hyped and under delivered on all fronts. So I return it, after I learn that I could have gotten a much better deal by just purchasing online.  I was told that my old phone had been sent out and that I was only able to receive the buy back value. I was asked for my card in order to return the money back to my debit card.  I leave thinking I could go online and order my new phone.  5.  I was not told that it would take 5-7 days to return my money.  They could have mentioned that. I returned the phone Monday morning.  It is now Wednesday morning, and I do not have the money, or a phone.When I made the purchase the money came out of my bank account immediately, not in 5-7 days! Sprint, why are you holding on to my $235!Its not what the staff was telling me, its what they were not telling me.  It is clear that the staff is motivated by bonuses and not helping the customer.  I certainly hope that this store is not holding my money hostage  just because of the bonuses they did not receive when I returned the phone or renew my contract.
1	I'll keep this short - do NOT sign up for Sprint service while living in Phoenix, AZ. They do not plan on rolling out 4G LTE in the Phoenix metro area until late 2013 at the very earliest. 4G is not currently available. 3G service is spotty and slow. Calls drop constantly, dead zones everywhere. There is nothing you can do as a customer to get out of your contract after the initial return period, either. I had AT&T for nearly ten years before switching to Sprint, and I made the switch to save a few bucks a month. Huge mistake. See recent service comparisons in Phoenix here:http://www.rootmetrics.com/compare-carriers/phoenix/phoenix-october-2012/http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2405622,00.aspOnce again, stay away from Sprint in Phoenix.
4	Not really sure why everyone are giving bad reviews on Sprint.  Yes, the talk coverage are small and bad, I get that, I complain to them all the time too, but there's nothing we can do to change that, so deal with it.I am all for the unlimited data coverages.  Most of us don't own a laptop anymore, so we are on our phone 24/7.  I watched movies, listen to radios, check my e-mails and etc, I used it everyday and it goes over to the 2GB mark every cycles, and my speed is still the same, sometimes faster too.I come to this place for any technical problems I have with my phone.  I used to have the BlackBerry Curve 8330 and it causes problems all the time, I came here for solutions and they usually fix it right away within 48 hours after I dropped off my phone.I've been with Sprint since 2000, I have my ups and downs with them.  But be patient, none of the phone providers out there are perfect.  You have to invest your time and money to find out what's good and what's not.  Good luck!
4	Ask for Justin, he is super helpful!!
3	The LTE is coming. I was on the same "I will never see LTE on sprint" boat too. Well they turned it last week and I am enjoying DL speeds of 15-23 Mbps consistently.. And it's unlimited. I only gave a 3 rating because of the wait..
1	This review pertains to Sprint National, not a particular Sprint store.Quite frankly I'm surprised that all of the Sprint reviews aren't one star.Unfortunately we've been with Sprint for 13 years.  We get a discount on our plan so we're kind of handcuffed to the rate which is good, but it's the cell phone service which is awful.If you're considering Sprint and you live in Arizona, take this into account:-Cell coverage is spotty everywhere, including central Phoenix.-Forget about internet.  I could drive back home across the valley and use my computer quicker than using my Sprint phone.  I don't even attempt to use the internet with my Sprint phone any more.-No 4G areas and none on the radar.And I'm not even mentioning their poor/extremely frustrating customer service.
5	This place is great! Clean and friendly! Toby and Adam helped me out a lot and I feel they even went out of their way for me a few times on some things I needed!I have already told several of my friends and co-workers to go here for their upgrades over other sprint store.Definitely top notch service!
1	I'm seriously so over sprint. Spotty coverage, half the time my apps don't work because of low coverage... dropping calls, etc. Not to mention messing up payments and bills.Tonight, however, I'm livid. My iphone died and I plugged it into my charger for 30 minutes. No luck. I tried two other chargers and still nothing worked. So I took it in to the store.Some employee with blondeish hair and black rimmed glasses came up and immediately acted annoyed he even had to help me. I explained my problem and said he could try plugging it in to their charger but "if its anything more than that, youre gonna have to wait" Ummmm ok, rude.He told me it was working fine and that I could just buy another charger if I wanted. No, I'd rather not waste my money. I got home and its been on the charger making the same screen it made at the store for an hour now, and it's still dead.Sprint might want to have knowledgible employees when it comes to Apple if they're going to be dealing with iPhones. Guess I'll head over to the Apple Store for help tomorrow. Sprint and their employees are useless.
1	Not for the location but Sprint over all.  HATE IT, HATE IT, HATE IT!  Lots of dropped calls and just plain bad reception.  And this is in the heart of the city too.  Central Corridor.  I wish I could change!
1	Sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man.
1	It's a real shame when I go to apply for a job and I get spammed relentlessly with Sprint emails now. After this type of behavior, not interested in employment with this company.
