2	earlier this year i read where Lou's was voted LVRJ's best breakfast spot or best for cheap eats, somethin' like that !  Being a breakfast guy, i gotta hit this place.1st time i go there 11:00 am on a tuesday - closed !?!?!  They had a help wanted sign in the window on the door - is that why they are closed ?go back again 3 days later - 10:30 am - closed again ?  maybe they are permanently closed ?talk to a couple from my meet up food group - they just ate there - said it was nothin' much ( they are hash house fans ) so i decide, one more try.On the way to MT. Charleston on a below 100 degree day, the gf and i hit lou's on the way out.  OPEN !!I get a standard egg/potato/sausage patty/rye bread.  GF gets oatmeal - yeah, whatever !they have a large selection of homemade jams/jellies - i try the strawberry and the apple.overall impression - boring / dull/ uninspired.  The jellies, nuthin' special .price for both w/ coffee - $16.Who the hell voted for this place ?
1	i don't know what the hell was going on with the interior design over there. it made me feel like i was eating in the old west. i guess that was what they were going for. but it made my dining experience a little uneasy. clearly they don't care about how the place looks like. I paid about $3 for an orange juice that was served on a small cup good for little kids. The horrible part was that it tasted and looked concentrated. Gawd, I wish I just bought a carton of orange juice from the walgreens next door. i ordered the mushroom omelet with hash browns and toast.mushroom omelet: big disappointment. the egg was bland. and the mushrooms were clearly straight from the can because it was super chewy. hash browns were really oily and bland . toast: i order sour dough bread, but what i got was white bread. my husband and i were very disappointed with our experience over here because it was pricey. i guess you should go here when you're a senior citizen cus they get a lot of discounts.also, the waitress messed up on our bill -___- i'm never going back to this place again.
4	I've been here several times over the last few years and I gotta tell you, Lou's does breakfast right.  The place is located in a little side strip mall and if you weren't looking for it you would probbly miss the joint.I've really ever only been to Lou's for breakfast, but man do they know how to make breakfast.  The waitresses are usually quite prompt with greetingsand they almost immediately take your drink order and offer you a menu.I am a big time breakfast eater and Lou's really make my belly feel all warm inside.  I don't have a favorite item on the menu, but I have probably tried them all.  I suppose you can't go wrong with biscuits and gravy.  I'm talking about real fresh buttermilk biscuits and homemade brown gravy underneath a some fresh scrambled eggs and cheese and you're in heaven.Lou's is not expensive and it certainly isn't some posh, uppity location.  The place is clean and the food is delicious.  What more can one ask for!
3	Lou's Diner has been a Charleston Heights neighborhood staple for a few decades now. The diner's ability to stay around that long in a city filled with $4.99 breakfast buffets is a testament to the quality of their food. The diner is a quaint little place with a homey atmosphere. The skillet breakfast are among the best I've ever had with an ample amount of breakfast meats (something that most places skimp on) in all dishes. There are always a number of breakfast and lunch specials on the board which are always a good deal. There was a time a couple years ago where the service became a little spotty, but I'm happy to say the Lou's has resolved that issue. The service is now friendly and more importantly, quick. If you haven't tried Lou's it's worth checking out.
4	Lou's is a charming little diner near Decatur/Alta next to Walgreens. When I used to work at Western HS we would meet here every Friday morning at 6 am and did so for several years. Over the years I've tried the eggs, omelets, chicken fried steak, oatmeal, bagel and fruit combos, but the real stand-out is their skillet breakfast. They also offer grits in lieu of potatoes.The other breakfasts are truly average, but the skillet is loaded with hash browns, your choice of meat, (your choice of anything else actually - onions, peppers etc) loaded with cheese and topped with eggs any style. Lou's probably rates 3* but I'm bumping it up one because it's the best skillet I've found thus far in Vegas (and also I see my priest in there occasionally - don't know why that influences me, but for some reason it does).
5	Okay, first of all this place gets major props for being in the same spot for at least 30 years.  I am guessing on the amount of years but it is a long time.  Dare I say a "tradition" in Las Vegas...Anywho.  I LOVE this place.  In fact it reminds me of home.  It reminds me of the local diner of yesteryear.  Try sitting in there facing the kitchen so you cannot see Decatur Blvd and you for get you are in Las Vegas!  I felt like I was sitting in a mom and pop joint in Idaho. (that's a good thing BTW).  This place has that mom and pop family restaurant charm to it with out even trying.  It is a real mom and pop joint.   I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs.  The chicken fried steak was out of sight!  It was crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside.  It was thinner than other chicken fried steaks but it was huge.  They might tenderize real well that makes it wider and thinner, but that is only speculation.  It was smothered with gravy.  The eggs, and I have said this before, a good breakfast joint has to perfectly baste my eggs.  This place served perfectly basted eggs.  Almost... almost... not quite as good as my mom does... almost.  I had the home fries with breakfast.  They were good.  It was just all around good breakfast food.The portion was huge.  The prices were low.  Great value here!The service was good. The waitress wasn't exactly warm but she had the diner waitress attitude that is borderline curt but at the same time likably crusty.  Kinda like Tommy Lasorda.Side notes** parking is bad - extra parking in the back**  Coffee was weak - next time I come throw an extra scoop in the hopper for me.
5	We love this place!! Amazing food. Great coffee. Reasonable prices. What more can you ask for we will never go to ihop again.
1	We went there for breakfast Sunday morning. Great service good food , reasonable prices. Our server was so nice. That was a 4 star experience.Went back today for late lunch around 2 ( they close at 3) to try their catfish. $799 menu states comes with your choice of potatoes and veggies.  Server was in a hurry, no customers just in a hurry to get out as she stated several times. Did not ask for our choices ans hurried off. Came back with plates with 2  small catfish fillets thickly breaded, MASHED potatoes covered in beef gravy, even on the fish! Who serves mashed potatoes and beef gravy with fish? We are vegetarians, don't eat any meat other than fish. A little bowl of canned veg all and a stale roll.WOW, then when we asked for another plate to get the fish off the plate with the gravy she brought the plate and picked up our fish with her bare hands! Owner sat 2 booths away, oblivious. Disappointed !So limit you visits to breakfast, we will if we return.
5	We have been trying different breakfast restaurants in Las Vegas for years. We found  on Yelp that this one serves grits. So, we tried it out and in the words of my wife "Awesome Grits!"  My omelet was also excellent.The restaurant is a little hard to find - its on the east side of decatur behind a Walgreens on Decatur and Mayflower Lane.  Well worth the visit.
3	Good enough... a dive diner, with inexpensive, pretty decent food and service.  It's been around for quite a while, so that says something as well.
3	We always drive by this diner and I've always been curious if it will be that gem I'm looking for. This has definitely been around long enough, 40 years and probably some of the old folks that are a majority of their patrons, have been regulars since this diners heyday. When you walk in, it feels dated in that way your grandparents would be. Lots of knick knacks on the walls and photos. The food is no frills type American diner fare, and cheap with pretty much everything under $10. My one thing is that the menu isn't really descriptive and while you wouldn't need a explanation for a tuna melt some things I would like to know. I could ask the waitress, but there was only one and she was running around so I felt I may be wasting her time. I went with a chicken fried steak since lately I've been in a mood for it. It was decent as far as they go. I can see why people like theirs here, but it's not my favorite in town. The BF got chicken and dumplings that was on the specials board. It comes with soup or salad and he got the clam chowder. The clam chowder was standard and decent. The chicken and dumplings was homemade and plentiful, dumplings really fluffy. I wish it had a bit of veggies in it, but otherwise it was good. It was solid, but nothing wow-ing really. I heard they may have homemade pastries pie here, but apparently they don't anymore really do that. Ah, boo. It's a A-OK diner, but it didn't click that perfect homey feel for me.
4	This is a place that could be straight from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  I was meeting friends for breakfast this morning but it fell through and I didn't get the memo.  After sending a text and finding out we weren't meeting, I searched the Yelp app for breakfasts restaurants and this was one of them that came up.  Off I was.I was going south on Decatur and drove right on by when I noticed the blue symbol on my map was going away from Lou's.  I made a u-turn on a side street and started north on Decatur and there it was, tucked in a small strip mall removed some from Decatur and not having much curb notice.When I went in, the first thing I noticed was the large amount of bric-a-brac in the restaurant most of it related to kitchens both commercial and home.  One thing that caught my eye was a box from my first food processor, a Veg-O-Matic.  It made me smile because I realized how old it was and therefore me.My server, Patty, was to my table almost before I sat down (the sign says to seat yourself) and she was back quickly with coffee, a glass of ice water, and a menu.  After looking at the menu for awhile and checking the specials board, I ordered their chili and cheese omelette.  I had my choice of a couple of kinds of potatoes but I went with grits.  I also ordered rye toast.Within a short time, my breakfast was delivered.  Everything was very good.  Patty asked if I wanted any hot sauce other than the Tabasco that was on the table and I asked for Cholula.  There was a nice container of butter with the grits and I let it melt and mixed it around with the grits.Service was excellent!  Patty was back often to refill my coffee and it was a pleasant breakfast.  Since I was wearing a Syracuse t-shirt so close to the freeway, Patty assumed I was from out of town and she asked where I was from.  When I said Las Vegas, she asked how I found Lou's.  When I said, "Yelp," she asked, "What's Yelp!"  I explained briefly and shower her the app and she got the idea.  She was interested to know I'd be rating Lou's before the day was done.  One last thing--there's a cardboard sign hanging on strings that says "Triple Chocolate Cake" and it has three arrows pointing to a cake holder on the counter.  I couldn't resist.  I bought a piece to bring home and have for dessert tonight.  I'm sure it will be just as good as breakfast!  This is a good breakfast spot.  The hiking group may rue their snubbing of me!Addendum:  The chocolate cake was excellent!
4	Love the service and the haystack!
3	Over the last couple months I've been bouncing back and forth between the recently purchased new abode and the old house that's currently in escrow.  Numerous meetings with contractors at the new place, back to the old place to meet realtors, contractors, inspectors, blah blah blah.  A few weeks back I decided every time I have to be at the new place to meet a contractor, after the meeting i'll hit a breakfast place.It's been ages since I've been to Lou's so I decided to include it on my breakfast place list.Place looks exactly like it did when I tried it over 4 years ago.  I believe the cook was the same ( is it Lou ? ) Ordered ham steak, eggs o/e, rye toast.  I believe it was $8.  I expected a lower price given low rent district, presumably low overhead given nothing has changed in the place in over 4 years, so maybe the serving size is ala hash house a go go , uhhhhh, that's a negatoryFood was average - a little too much oil puddling on the eggs but not a big deal given the grease in the hash browns.Probably closer to 2.5 stars but I round up given the place for so dang long - props to them.
5	Jus Had Chicken & Dumplings At Lou's Diner across from Arizona Charlies Decatur!!!! So Yummy!!!! Jus Like Home in Louisiana!!!   Behind Walgreens. So Good!!!! Good Soup Too!!!! Homemade Lunch & Breakfast Specials Everyday!!!!-- feeling happy.
4	You can't beat the atmosphere of Lou's. It's a flashback to a simpler time. Every visit you are greated with a smile and great service. I've never seen the bottom of my coffee cup and always leave feeling like that was going to be the only meal of the day. The chicken fried steak was huge and topped with some of the best gravy around. I'd put their pancakes up against anyone's in a "Battle for best breakfast." Located on the NE corner of Decatur/Alta, it is well worth the trip from anywhere. If you're looking for a good, hearty, stick to your ribs breakfast, you won't be disappointed. The staff is fast and friendly and doesn't mind if you want to substitute or have a special request. I would highly recommend the "Hay Stack" for first time guest. Our crew from work has kind of become regulars here. We are never dissatisfied and we keep coming back.
3	Whenever I miss grandma's house, I go here. Comfort food and knick knacks beyond my heart's desire. Genuinely sassy waitresses float around with hot plates stacked on their arms. Daily specials for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
4	This place is a step back in time, with the dudads on the wall reminds me of my grandma's. The menu is breakfast and lunch, standards like sauage and eggs, country potatos or hash browns, toast or biscuit and gravy, and one my favs grits!  Lunch stuff like BLT, burgers and other sandwiches. We seated ourselves had someone taking our drink order as fast as that and they kept them full. My husband asked about menu items and was told they'll do it all anytime! We ordered breakfast today. My scrambled eggs came with country potatos bacon and grits love it with tuns of butter! Great sevice,  nice and clean, great menu!
5	If you like the home town cafe feel, and the made by Grandma taste, Lou's is the place! Will go back very soon, again!
4	I'll keep it short and sweet.My 14 year old son's tip: HOMEFRIES!! Country combo was best breakfast he's had in long time.(not sure what that says about my cooking)Husband: chili & cheese omelette was decent, gravy needs "momma's touch"Me: pork chop was delicious! Perfectly seasoned, and HOMEFRIES were spot-on.We all agree that if we go back, it will be bc the chocolate cake is AMAZING!!!! (That is why it got 4 & not 3stars)
1	After a friend recommended Lou 's,  I had to try it. So here it is - The Good - The Bad - and,  The Ugly.The Good.  Nice atmosphere. A throwback to years long gone. The waitresses are helpful,  and few are actually walking talking stereotypes of a stereotypical 50 's and 60's era diner. Opinionated older women that roll their eyes a lot when commenting on current events. Lot's of "color commentary ". I thought I'd stepped back in time,  I choose to put this in the "good " category,  but someone else might not dig it. The food portions are MASSIVE. Not necessarily flavorful - but humongous. The prices are more than fair,  the cost of a meal is *cheap *.The Bad. AND The Ugly.  I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak. With O 'Brien potatoes,  scrambled eggs, and toast. With gravy.  The gravy was all but tasteless white goo. Pretty generic. Thank God for the salt & pepper. The chicken fried steak 's breading was like kevlar. The steak itself was done in most parts - very pink in other parts. All in All,  I would not go back. I wanted to like this place,  but I was disappointed.  The food was just not well prepared.
5	When I pulled up to the restaurant, I thought my friend was crazy to suggest lunch there. I mean seriously, I was supposed to eat at Cheesecake Factory. WOW, was I wrong! The food is SPECTACULAR! We actually ate lunch twice just to try more things on the menu and took home 2 slices of their amazing homemade cake. The only thing I regret is that I didn't order the deep fried haddock too, but I will just have to go back. Lou's is a step back in time to when restaurants actually offered great quality,  great tasting food with personal service and a homemade touch.
3	I drove past this diner when visiting Pop's last week, and somehow it stuck in my mind enough to suggest it for breakfast this morning. Pulled it up on Yelp and looked through the recommended dishes, then headed out at 7AM, right when they opened.BF and I sat at the bar and were helped by a sweet older lady. We sat right next to an amazing-looking butter pecan cake, but chose not to try it this visit. I'm slightly regretting it now, since it looked and sounded amazing, but I can't do sugar that early in the morning.Bar was set with plenty of local papers to browse through, which we did after placing our orders: the chili cheese omelet with a side of homefries (as per so many recommendations here on Yelp!) and the lunch special of the day (available even at bfast hours!) of tuna sandwich and chicken noodle soup. Service was friendly and attentive without overbearing, which is a careful balance when sitting at the bar anywhere, and food was out quick. Omelet was oozing with melted American cheese, and the homefries were on the plain side but had a good crispiness to them- the side mixed well with the omelet and chili sauce.The tuna sandwich was very basic but nothing to complain about; the soup was downright delicious with noodles that tasted homemade and a broth that was complex and seemed to have been cooked down for a long time.All the food had a good homecooked taste to it, and it was a nice laid-back morning with my guy and the paper. What more can I ask for that early on a Sunday?
4	My grandfather ate here when I was a kid so it is crazy to step through the doors and back in time. It definitely has an ol' timey feel. I don't think the decor has changed since grandpa was a regular. The owners run the place from a booth by the kitchen, bringing a whole new meaning to hands-on ownership. The food is really good and there are many regulars (mostly seniors) who come to enjoy the home cooking.The staff is hard-working and super friendly. Definitely worth a visit!
4	If you're looking for an old-school breakfast place that's like eating at grandma's, look no further than Lou's Diner. This kitschy kitchen has all the breakfast staples along with a sizeable lunch menu. But today, like always, it was breakfast for us.I ordered a hot link with eggs (over hard), home fries, and wheat toast. My husband got his usual order of ham steak and eggs (over easy), hash browns, and sourdough toast. My food was fine -- nothing special -- but my husband raved about his meal.Our server was great. When we got there, they were slammed, and she made sure to let us know she'd be over as soon as she could. She promptly refilled our drinks and didn't leave us waiting on our bill.As I said, the decor is decidedly kitschy, with copious cookie jars and coffee mugs throughout. It's not fine dining, but it's one of the finer breakfast joints I've been to in Vegas. If you're into diner food, give Lou's a try.
3	Fun, old school diner. Vintage, retro signs, kitchen gear and decor hang around the seating area, which could use another upgrade, but it does add to the charm. We enjoyed the food and the experience, but it might be just a bit too old school for us. There is nothing wrong with kicking the cooking skills up a notch after all these years but they seem to still be doing okay, so what the hell. I doubt it we will be back though. Worth stopping in to check out and maybe find an old favorite like mom or grandma made, or to invoke some memories of family times.  The family member servers were pleasant but clearly had no problem talking about new customers after they left, which I sadly overheard. It did leave a bad taste in my mouth, which the food could not cover up. There are many things they could do that would build up their check sales also. Like asking customers if they would like dessert instead of dropping the bill on the table five minutes after their food is delivered. (Pet Peeve) . I was looking forward to a slice of the chocolate cake advertised on the board and was never asked if I wanted anything else. So I went somewhere else and gave them money for my sweet tooth.
5	I was craving a great breakfast. We decided on Lou's. It was our first visit. We weren't disappointed! Food was great! Service was fabulous. We'll definitely be back!
