3	The Souper Bowl was the back up bar down the street from our hotel. Anyway, it has the legit feel of a Pittsburgh bar. Yuengling and Iron City beers are available and what's not to love about a Stoli and soda and a Yuengling for $6? Ok, so the limes that were offered with the Stoli were a shocking and alarming shade of brown, but it's Pittsburgh so it's forgiven.   3 Stars for the smoke and sports memorabilia.
4	On a hockey night, you can't go wrong.  We love to go here for a quick bite to eat and a few cold beers before hockey games if we aren't tailgating.  The food is typical bar food, and you get lots of it.  Last time i had the chili cheese nachos and my wife had the chicken strips.  It was just enough that we didn't feel the need to pay the stadium prices for the hockey game.
3	Had a fair bowl of Tortilla Soup- tasted like jarred Quaso or Velveeta with peppers thinned down with whole milk-  the grilled cheese with tomato was very good.  Good bar food and fair prices .  The place like much of Pittsburgh is trapped n the 70's but I like it.  We are family.
2	This place is a typical cheap dive-y spors bar. It had the feel of an American Legion hall. I felt much better about my life after seeing some of the regulars there.
1	Great Pittsburgh sports bar feel. Terrible service. AWFUL food. I was almost positive I was going to get food poisoning. Food tasted like it was dumpster dived and heated up in the microwave on high for 30-60 seconds. My suggestion is DON'T EAT HERE. You can do better. Hit up Market Square for food and drinks. Grab one last cold Yuengling here and then head over to the game. I repeat, DO NOT EAT HERE!!  Unless, of course, you enjoy eating microwaved cat food.
4	Souper Bowl is a stereotypical Pittsburgh bar in every amazing way. Friendly staff, decent beer specials, and good pub grub.  It's become a staple for myself and friends before concerts or Pens games. It can get extremely busy before events, so arrive early. On the plus side, you'll be able to save yourself a few bucks from expensive arena prices.All the food I've had has been good. I like to judge a bar food by their chicken fingers and french fries. Both are delicious. If you want a real Pittsburgh feel this is the place for you! :)
3	Imbibed here while in town for the NCAA men's Frozen Four.Close to Consol Energy Center, fans of each school were here getting lubed up prior to the games (especially given that no alcohol is sold at NCAA events). People left and right were taking full advantage of the Happy Hour shots and Jagerbomb specials. Bar decor was nothing special--kindof felt like someone's basement--while bartenders did a good job of getting to everyone in a timely manner.Overall, seems like a decent place to grab a beer before heading over to Consol.
1	I hadn't been to this restaurant in years, since a. I lived out of state and b. When PA changed the laws they continued to allow smoking upstairs and I'm highly allergic. I found out they finally stopped allowing smoking anywhere inside and decided to try them again.I attend a lot of Penguins games & concerts and normally go just down the street to eat/drink before the game with friends and family. Since I go straight from work, I'm always the first to arrive. No one else has an issue with seating me alone to wait for the rest of my party. Though the Souper Bowl was EMPTY (so empty that I was wandering around alone with no one greeting me and the next person in the restaurant thought I was the one working) at this time. Though there was almost no one there (me and this other woman, who took a couple of menus and seated herself), when I mentioned that there were two in my party and we needed to see the Pirates game, the woman weirdly (and rudely) asked if they were THERE NOW... Um... Clearly not. She could see it was just me. I told her I could show her texts and my boyfriend was on his way. The woman next to her (older and presumably higher on the food chain) said something about me being "that way" already (which confused me - they were accusing ME of not really having a party of two, making it clear that if I were there alone, which I sometimes am at restaurants before shows no one else wants to attend with me - like the ballet or gymnastics) they would NOT want my business... Anyway, the second woman explained that they didn't seat until the whole party was present. (I can see why - like I said, they were PACKED... NOT.) As I started to walk away, she said they may be able to help me upstairs. No thanks. I went back down the street to The Cafe on 5th where they've never had ANY problem seating me alone (whether I'll later be a table of 2, 4, or more) and treat me very well. I don't need to pay to be treated rudely.There was a Pirates game before the Penguins game last night, so I'm sure the Souper Bowl was completely packed. However, I attend a LOT of games and I'm just as sure that's not always the case. I'll never return. They clearly didn't care about my business that night, but I am telling all my friends and my Dad and his girlfriend attend a lot of games (and drink a lot), too. He'll stick with the Cafe on 5th, too.No clue if the food is good or not and I don't care. I'd much rather be treated like a person the restaurant/bar would like to serve than someone they couldn't care less about. The feeling is mutual. Beware.
4	Stopped in before the Fleetwood Mac concert. Had the mushroom Swiss burger - seriously one of the best burgers I've had in a LONG time. My BFF had the black bean burger and she said it was delicious. Service was pretty good considering the mass of customers inside. Side salad was meh but I'd definitely be happy to come back here before my next event at consol.
