1	I can't begin to say how many problems we had with this company.  First we have to say our sales person was pretty worthless.  He dropped his camera on his first visit out so he didn't have accurate pictures of our pool area which made the plans inaccurate.  We then made arrangements on the sails and placement based on what we were told by the sales person.  The installers came out when we were not home to put up the brackets and much to my dismay, left a large bolt laying out where my toddlers could choke on it.  They also changed our radio which meant they felt they could touch our stuff.  The most disturbing thing was that we were no longer to locate our son's dump truck that he carefully parked on the porch.  After circling the yard many times over with him at my heels I called the sales person who seemed appropriately concerned.  Again after looking I found the truck tucked behind a box right by the gate to exit our yard.  It was obvious someone either was considering stealing it at some point.  I was livid at this point.  The sales person became dismissive and we demanded to talk to the owner.  After quite a few days he called and was somewhat helpful.  We demanded that the sales person accompany the installers which he attempted to get out of.  The next problem was that after the shades were installed our deep end of the pool was shaded but not the shallow end which was our express reason for putting the sails up in the first place.  The sales person came out and came up with some ideas but proved to be pretty incompetent.  So when they moved the shade they had to cut some of the fabric off but still wanted to charge us for the fabric they didn't use.  Since the fabric is the most expensive part of the shade, we were quite upset about this.  After they finished installing the shade, the sales person asked repeatedly for payment without reconciling the cost.  This took multiple emails and calls to the sales person before it was finally resolved.  The only other compliant I had was that the sails sag, which we were guaranteed not to.  Hopefully this will be corrected.   I would not recommend this company.
5	this company is wonderfull they ware fast  and they did a wonderfull job thank you !
1	We had an Appointment Saturday 04/26/14 for a estimate, no show no call. BS no customer service!!!
