3	*shrug* it's ok. i think i was expecting better tasting fare because the folks i went with raved about the food. the restaurant itself looked charming with these quirky street signs tacked inside the restaurant. there was also a little nook for the bachelorette dinner that my friend had there. nice.the food, however, not so much. one of the regulars in our party recommended the meat lasagna. i ordered that because i really dig lasagna too. entrees came with a choice of soup or salad. i opted for the salad and picked the creamy garlic dressing. oddly enough, that salad was the best part of the meal...oh, and the soft, yet crusty bread they served as you waited. mmmm...carbs.my meat lasagna was too meaty and too cheesy, i know right? when are either of these two ingredients ever too much? in this situation, i dislked the fact that there was overwhelmingly more meat than the pasta itself. i felt like i was eating a chili bowl without the beans. the cheese was pretty funky too. it reminded me of a creamy brie cheese which i enjoy on crackers, but not in my pasta. the cheese made the lasagna altogether too mushy and again, there wasn't enough pasta to provide contrast in texture while eating it. overall, the lasagna portion was too big and just not yummy enough to warrant the fat grams that night.a friend that sat right next to me ordered spaghetti and was able to get 1/2 an order of meatballs and a sausage. i think the kitchen staff just couldn't resist. 2 words: food porn. her entree came out with an erect sausage placed between two meatballs. i didn't know it was possible to get food THAT excited, but it was. i saw it coming and i thought, HOW APPROPRIATE for this bachelorette night.
4	I love eating at Chicago Joe's when I'm in Vegas.  The food is very good, and authentic Italian-American cuisine.  The portions are large, and very tasty!    I have had stuffed pasta, lasagna and fetticine and they were all fantastic.  The prices are reasonable too - I've had italian at several other places in Vegas, but I think the food here is the best for the price.  The atmosphere is quirky and very 'old Vegas'.  Everytime I'm there, I feel like I'm stepping into the past  and I always imagine Frank Sinatra or some old Gangsters eating there.  It seems like the 'local Italian restaurant', not some pretentious place where the waiter puts the napkin in your lap for you. I think it would be an appropriate date spot even though I've never been there on a date. It's dark in there!  We were giggling last February because they still had Christmas decorations up, but it's Vegas, so we couldn't be sure if it was intentional.  The waiters are casual, and not overly friendly, though the last time I was in there our waiter was singing "Strangers in the Night" while he was busing tables, and I really enjoyed his playfulness.   I recommend Chicago Joe's it if you are hungry for  good italian food and don't want to go to a fancy overpriced place...
5	Every time we are in Vegas, we eat here. It is one of the three or four restaurants that he HAVE to go to. I've taken several family members and they have all loved it. The meat lasagna is the best I have ever had! Lots of meat and stringy cheese and a wonderful meat sauce that covers it. The flavor is fantastic. Another great option is their Shrimp Joe. It's pasta with garlic oil, pepper flakes, shrimp and fresh mushrooms. It is strong on the garlic, so be warned that you will be tasting it for hours after you eat. They also have a great spaghetti and meatballs. I know! You can make spaghetti at home, so why order it at a restaurant?  It's the meatballs and sauce that makes it SOOO GOOD!Most the meals come with a salad or soup.  The cream garlic salad dressing is fantastic.  The only down side is the salad itself - just basic iceberg lettuce mix.  I wish they would use a spring mix or romaine lettuce.  The bread is very good and fresh and the servers have been friendly.The only problem I can think of about Chicago Joe's is the location.  It's in a somewhat rough part of town in between the Stratosphere and downtown Las Vegas.  You might not want to be here too late at night.  Otherwise, I highly recommend this place.
4	Got taken here by a local friend when I said "I want to go to dinner at a small mom n' pop Italian place." Chicago Joe's fit the bill perfectly! And after spending a few days on the Strip, paying under $100 for five people was a welcome relief!My one quasi-complaint-- they don't offer gnocci as one of their pasta choices. But my mussels fra diavlo with linguini were delicious, so I can't complain.I'm definitely adding Chicago Joe's as a dining destination on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Exceptional!  Was there just a few days ago.  My girlfriend and I were celebrating our b-days together and were staying at the Golden Nugget.  We were going to eat at the Italian restaurant there, but we thought we'd shoot over to Chicago Joe's.  Now it was a Tuesday night and the place was packed, we happily waited 15 min in the car, since the place is so small there is no bar to wait at.  It was worth it my fellow yelpers.  The place is very small and we throught the atmosphere was really nice and welcoming, but with that simple italian dinning feel about it.  The stuffed artichokes were fabulous but, the best thing in that place is the Ciopino!  It is a seafood stew with lobster, shrimp, scallops, clams and mussels served in a rich red broth.  My God!  Wonderful some of the best I've ever had, my girlfriend loved her eggplant and all in all wee had an amazing experience.  The staff is friendly and eager to please.  Now don't let the atmosphere fool you, this place can get a bit pricey, but in my opinion when considering what your eating and the quality of it, I do not feel they are out of line at all.  Trust me everyone, this is a must visit in Vegas even if it is a bit "off the beatin path"  I consider it the best Italian restaurant in town, and I have eating at quite a few.
3	After a little bit of a wait for a table we had reserved finally sat down to some Chicago Joe's.I enjoyed the meat lasagna and also the Shrimp Joe's Pasta. The lasagna had tons of meat and cheese-delicious!The Shrimp Joe's has some good lookin shrimp, delicious mushrooms, olive oil and red pepper flakes. Out of the couple pieces of shrimp I tried one was excellent and the other just tasted off. Inconsistency is so irritating.From table agreement I found out the fettucini alfredo is probably one of the cheesiest alfredos ever had.The bunch I was with had already been to Chicago Joe's and were totally raving about service...until we sat down to a meal served by someone who seemed new. Like, first day on the job new. On our way out the boys caught their usual server to say hello.Will return if I want some authentic tasting Italian food, and pray for "the good server"
5	My, hands down, favorite restaurant!The best Italian in town. The baked clams are AWESOME! When I ordered the fettuccine my first time, I was asked if I would like shrimp in it. I was thinking some shrimp might be nice. The plate comes out, and the shrimp look like they're eating my pasta! They were HUGE! I've been to Chicago Joe's several times, and am even a fan on facebook! They have wonderful sausage and meatballs as well as their Chicken Marsala, and all of the specials I've tried.This is a definite family business, a restaurant run in a brick house. Romantic atmosphere, and great service. I'm always proud to support family businesses, and can't seem to throw enough money at Chicago Joe's.
5	Chicago Joe's is the place to go for an off the beaten strip experience. Set in a quaint old house, where I am told they have been for 35 years.  Seafood dishes are amazing, I love their bread and salad.  My girlfriend took me there for Valentines Day and it was perfect.  Travis took care of us and we went back 2 weeks later.  Love it!
5	Wow, a fantastic little "hole-in-the-wall"! Las Vegas still has some old world charm after all! Downtown Las Vegas, a 1920's house has been converted into a quaint little Italian eatery. I thrive off of traditional, classically themed Italian restaurants and they are so few and far between in this town. Yes, you can find decent cuisine at Macaroni Grill or Caraba's, but the ambiance is lacking and you will always have that commercial feel while dining. If you are searching for a cozy little Italian joint with lace curtains, black and white checkered floors, dim lighting, and a mom and pop type staff, Chicago Joe's is your place! Immediately upon arrive I was ecstatic about the idea that this little vintage house had been converted into a restaurant, how clever! We entered the "back door" where a friendly gentleman pointed to our cozy seat in the corner. As we sat, trying to distinguish which had been the living room, which had been the bedroom, we enjoyed delicious bread and fantastic conversation. The menu..you will find a mixed assortment of classic Italian cuisine but let me tell you, if you like artichokes, the artichoke appetizer is to die for!!! The rest of our meal was fantastic, very authentic and that in conjunction with the old world ambiance made my experience at Chicago Joe's complete! (My only gripe, per say, is that the pasta sauce was a little on the sweet side, but since it is made fresh daily, I'll be willing to bet it is a little different every time.) Listen folks, if you are looking for Vegas's traditional 5-star, foo foo place to bring your date, DON'T visit Chicago Joe's but if you want to bring back classic romance, if you can appreciate retro Italian eatery's, this is the place for you! Thank you Chicago Joe's for keeping the magic alive!
4	I had a unique experience here. This place is next to a wedding chapel and all sorts of shotgun wedding groups were in here the night I went. We ordered some chicken parm and some artichoke appetizer.  Apparently, someone screwed up the recipe  on the artichoke and the owner didn't make us pay for it. The service was a little slow but this was 8 pm on a saturday. The owner made sure we were happy though, she came by and helped when the waiter wasn't around.  We asked her to call us a cab and they said it would be an hour so she drove us back to our hotel.  A couple bottles of wine and a full stomach, I have to say I had a pretty good time here.  I'd say try this out if you want to get away from the vegas BS for a minute, it has a real homie feel.
5	My favorite downtown restaurant. Right in the heart of the Las Vegas downtown Art's District, Chicago Joes has real-life Italian mob written all over it from the bullet holes in the logo to Tony Saprano posters on the walls telling you to buy a gift card or else... one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! I'm looking forward to many more wonderful meals at Chicago Joes!I recommend the Eggplant Parmesan with marinara sauce.I also recommend buying a gift card...just to be safe.Bring your friends, bring your family, at Chicago Joes, it's good Italian atmosphere and even better italian food.Chicago Joes... or else. :)
3	Food is very good. Nothing I obsess over or I would write a song about though. I might have given it four stars, but the wait is absolutely horrendous. I've been here a few times and the wait to be seated is forever, followed by slow service.
2	We wen to Chicago Joe's after reading these reviews and were throughly disappointed. I've had authentic Italian food and this was no where near it.
5	Yep, this is a great little Italian restaurant. Sometimes hard to park in the lot but once inside, the food and service is great. The veal parmesian is sooo thin and tasty we have it every time we go there. Atmosphere is great and the price is right. You can't go wrong with Chicago Joe's.
5	Let me get down to writing about what happened to my daughter and I last Thursday while dining at Chicago Joe's... As my daughter and I were driving up in we went through a small driveway to the rear of the restaurant where there was more parking... she cautiously said to me.. "I don't know about this place, Dad...". As you enter through the rear, the first impression of the restaurant is how small this Italian eatery is... very small. And dark. And infused in a glow of Reddish-Pink color... so much Red that you would think that you'd just walked into a Massage Parlor. I have to admit I've never frequented a Massage Parlor... I've seen some from the outside or waited while friends were being "serviced"... I swear! The Red and Green string lights around the restaurant serves two purposes - it'll remind you of the Holidays or they can serve as the colors of the Italian Flag. We were seated at the very first table to the right of the entrance, by the window with white lacy curtains.CJs is celebrating it's 35th Anniversary this very month! Ray, an elderly gentleman  was our waiter, had been employed here over a decade. Ray is an avid Photographic memorabilia collector - some of his collection are the Photographs you'll see displayed around the restaurant.We had...French Bread (**** 1/2 Complimentary) Piping Hot mini-loaf French Bread brought around regularly sliced 3/4 of the way through so you can break apart the Bread with ease with wrapped pats of (real) Butter. I've always just liked basic hot French Bread... better than Nora's ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/noras-cuisine-las-vegas ) Garlic Bread by far... I think we had three re-fills to our basket.Mussels Marinara (***** $7.95) Wow! What an Appetizer! There must have been three dozen Mussels about each over an inch in length in a steamy Butter Broth cooked with Pasta served in a bowl usually serving Cioppino. This is as YUMMY as you can get. Finished the whole thing, including the Broth - Kathy was embarrassed for me for dipping the French Bread into the Butter Broth - she reminded me that the Broth was mostly Butter and really wasn't good for me. This is just between you and me... it tasted soooo Good!Midway through the Mussels we heard a KaBoom, KaBoom and was followed by four quick Pops from outside the restaurant! All the Diners looked around at each other, the Waiters didn't know what to do and had that Deer-In-The-Headlights look. Kathy looked a little worried... I checked by Head and Chest for Gunshots and / or Blood, checked to see that all my Limbs were still there... everything OK. I reassured Kathy I was sitting in front of the window in front of her and I'd take all the Bullets coming through the Window - Kept on Dipping and finished off the Mussels.I looked through the window and saw to my amazement... Las Vegas' Metro PD had their SWAT Team of about Six officers with their Black German SS Helmets and their Black Ninja Outfits ready to rush through the rearmost apartment on the Second Floor North of CJs! An additional four members of SWAT were stationed at the base of the Stairs leading down to the Apartment's Parking Lot. Wow! A Drug Bust? Or a Perp Take-Down? Are we going to be on Cops?We asked Ray if this was a regular occurrence... He replied that this was the first "incident" since he's been employed at CJs. Ray did say that the Apartment Owner had been trying to "clean-up" his apartments of "undesirables" the last few months.Pasta with Snails in Garlic Butter (**** 1/2 $14.95) More Butter! Gimme More! This was Kathy's Dinner Entree. Got to try some of the leftovers... Snails very, very tender. And you've gotta love that Butter!Pasta with MeatBalls in Marinara Sauce (**** 1/2 $14.95) Two HUGE Meatballs, both close to three inches in width, embedded with Onion Bits and Herb-infused.I like how Entrees are served at CJs... On hybrid Bowls / Plates about 9" in diameter... Instead of fighting a flat plate throughout your meal, the China is actually helping you! A plain Iceberg Salad or Soup also comes with each Entree. I chose the Lentil Soup (****), it came in a 4" wide bowl... liked the Elbow Macaroni cooked with the Soup, but the Soup was more like Navy Bean than Lentil.No more food descriptions... During the consumption of our meal, occasionally some Diners and / or Waiters would come by and peer out of the Window behind me to see what was going on next door. LV CSI took over the duties next door bringing down filled Black Garbage Bags and loading them up in Pickups. The SWAT Team was gone by then leaving only holster-armed plain-clothes officers and CSI.Yes dear, there is an actual person named Joe behind the name of the restaurant... don't know if he's from Chicago. Joe comes in on the Weekends starting Friday night to meet and greet guests.From our experience... maybe a Flak Jacket as a Fashion accessory item on future visits?
5	My best friend found Chicago Joe's here on Yelp.We had a wedding party that grew from 15 to 22 in a matter of hours.  We traveled from different parts of Los Angeles and San Bernardino counties for our wedding.I must say the place is tiny, but do not let that get in the way.The food and service was exceptional.
4	Quaint, hole in the wall, great red sauce, well worth the wait.Always a good idea to get away from the bustle and tourism of the strip and have a nice dinner at a wonderful Italian restaurant.We were referred to this place by a local, and boy did it pay off.  The food was excellent, and I really enjoyed the quaint atmosphere.  It was a great change from the touristy gaudiness of the strip, and I highly recommend it to anyone visiting the area who wants a change from the norm.
4	Had dinner last night at Joe's, I had the snail/calamari combo pasta and my man had the lasagna.  Mine was okay- my daughter wanted just snails in garlic butter sauce but I wanted to try the calamari too and didn't realize it would come out in their spicy red sauce, but enjoyed it nonetheless. Since it was a Tuesday evening, I didn't think it would be that busy, so we showed up at 6pm with no reservations.  Since there was only 3 of us, they were able to accommodate us right away but I would highly recommend reservations if you have a large party as they had a lot of reservations for 6:30pm and on.We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner but I was not impressed with the house dressing on their salad as others have..probably because it was so thick and creamy and I would've preferred an oil/vinegar base but the dressing is very garlicky which I did like.The warm bread was great as well as my man's lasagna (he could not compliment it enough!).Overall, the place is SO tiny but had so much charm.  The service would've had been better if our waiter was not SO busy, there were birthday parties the entire time we were there so he was running around like a madman! We will definitely be back to try the other entrees on their menu!
2	this restaurant  is too expensive and the food is not worth it the food is not bad they have good food but it's expensive and the people that work there are always messing up they are incompetent maybe it gets 3 stars for las vegas standers but i'm from miami  and  i know food but Chicago Joe's is still worth a try.
4	If you are like me, you're probably wondering where a good Italian restaurant is in Vegas to eat at.  I don't mind the occasional Olive Garden/Macaroni Grill, but the plentiful corporate Italian restaurants in Vegas always leave me wanting for something better.  I think Chicago Joes is that something!This place is small, and the parking isn't the greatest.  The building is basically an old downtown house converted into a restaurant.  Personally, I like the homey, Italian feel of this place.  Its classy, yet down to earth and intimate.  The best part though is that the food is great!So far I've tried the spaghetti with meat sauce, and the meat lasagna.  The spaghetti comes with a nice $6.95 lunch special, along with a drink and a small salad.  The salad isn't anything grand, but is a nice starter for the meal.  The spaghetti though, is wonderful!  I love their tomato sauce.  It tastes of fresh ingredients and unique flavors. The noodles are always al dente.The meat lasagna really shines though.  Its a full plate of very saucy lasagna that rivals the best homemade lasagna I have had!  It isn't overloaded with cheese, so if you are a cheese head, you might want to try ordering it with extra mozzarella (I don't know if they cook it this way, just an idea).  The meat and tomato sauce are absolutely perfect, along with yummy noddles cooked just right.  I loved it, and everyone I've taken there has loved it too.  My coworker recently tried the baked pasta, which was definitely full of mozzarella cheese, and is probably my next dish to try.  If you are looking for good classic Italian, give this place a try!
5	Love love this place, the creamy garlic dressing the the absolute best! They treat you like family here!
1	ok so here is the thing....I really wanted to like this place because I am a big supporter of Downtown and the Arts District.I was so amazed at the quality  of the food or the lack thereof .We went for lunch, had salad, articoke, side of meatballs and a sub sandwhich.....the only thing that was edible was the sub...it was pretty good.The bread is as exactly stated as below from the Yelpers...I heated the butter in my hand and it was like white wonder bread...no good.The artichoke was by far the tipping point... so overcooked and mushy in a weird brown no flavor sauce packed with flavorless bread crumbs topped with a stabbed lemon slice on top.... Never order this, it was just gross.The side salad was ok...basic bag salad....and  I have had a much better meatballs in Costco from the frozen section with the little old lady with the dixie cups.We did split a cannoli, and the cream was odd and chalky but it and the shell, were sweet enough to pass for dessert.The crazy part is the owner of 35 years was standing 10 feet away from us the entire time, and he never once asked how things were, and sometimes just sat and looked into space.The grade from the Health Dept was an A on the wall but I would have to disagree, not to mention no paperseat covers in the restroom . I will never return unless it changes owners. I will watch out on these reviews just in case things get better.  We have way too many wonderful choices in Las Vegas to try to keep Chicago Joe's afloat when it is sinking......Joe, for the sake of history and all thing vintage please take pride in your place clean up your house.
2	So I work in the area and have been going there for several years. The food is hands down amazing in my opinion. Here's the problem I have, the service is terrible at lunch. I know they are packed and have never sat down to eat. Always call in and pick up. Over the last year or so my order has been screwed up several times. When I walk in I'm asked how many, I tell them pick up. Then it goes downhill from there. I stand in that crowded little room and I get ignored for the next 15 to 20 mins while I dance out of peoples way. After I called ahead at least 20 mins. giving them a total of 40 mins to prep the food. Then I started calling in at 11:30, no better..Unfortunately, I dread going there now as it has happened at least 5 times to me.. So I dream of the food and sadly make another choice. Yes, I have talked to them about it. I think they are just overwhelmed at lunchtime.
3	This tiny place serves Italian food the way i remember it when i was 10 - covered in mozzarella and baked in the oven.Not to say that's bad.  My lasagne was delicious, typical american style full of ricotta, spinach, and covered in red sauce, cheese and...baked in the oven.  My girlfriend had spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs were great and the red sauce was awesome.  Try the creamy garlic dressing on the iceberg lettuce salad.  I would also recommend the  roasted peppers with olive oil and garlic covered in mozzarella and....baked in the oven.the bread?  well everyone at the table loved it, and the waiter raved about it.  Warm fluffy white on the inside, thin crisp shell on the outside.  Slather it with butter and it is good.  But I just can't recommend it.  Bread should chewy, dense, and flavorful - this is american white mush in a small loaf form.Now, does all this add up to fine dining? no way, not even close.  But if you like standard Mamma Leone Italian-style cooking - this place will outpace all others, handily.
5	Small, cozy, comfortable restaurant.  Excellent food.  Especially loved the steamed mussels; couldn't get enough of the spicy broth. Good bread.  Pasta was slightly overcooked so ask for al dente.  Portions are huge.  Neighborhood was a bit scary though.
3	Begin colorful phrase: "A Diamond in the rough" or "A hidden jewel."  I do my best to avoid hyperbole such as this but Chicago Joe's actually lives up to its buzz.  Somewhat hidden in what many might deem an undesirable neighborhood, Chicago Joe's is just that: A hidden jewel.One  might never suspect what looks like a rundown house (the restaurant was previously a home long since converted) just off the "Old Strip" near downtown could unleash such culinary fare.  Noting I dined with the Christmas season there was a sensory overload passing as decorations that could have benefitted from some restraint, nevertheless I was treated to the best meatballs I have tasted thus far in Vegas.  The meatballs were just the beginning as they were followed thereafter by Chicken Primavera on par with some of the best restaurants in town.  To the good servings were ample, timely, and delicious.  My one complaint, excluding the barrage of decorations, would be a bit of "assistance" regarding the wine list.  I also would like to mention, as I stated early, the restaurant was previously a residence.  As a result the dining room is rather narrow and cramped, and the lavatories are singular and small.If one were to conjure up an Old Italian restaurant from motion pictures with family operations and an "at-home-like-feel", with fresh sauces and amazing pastas they need only visit Chicago Joe's.
5	Holy $#%*! This place was fantastic! Being from the bay area and having access to some of the best restaurants around not to mention being in Vegas who also has top rated restaurants, this place was hands down the best meal we've had since we've been here. Our server Adam was honest and aware of each entree Chicago Joes had to offer with an amazing personality.  This is truly a Chicago style restaurant....and we would return to Vegas just to eat here!
1	The only thing I can say is u people have never had authentic italian food b4. The service sucks & there's only 13 tables. The waiter Adam is a jerk useless & supposedly connected So if u try 2 complain We waited over 15 mins 4 crappy LV water that's only cause we insisted. Asked 4 a wine list from the sec we sat down. The waiter Adam sucks Lobster is not legit (but the waiter doesn't tell u that)I've been in the f & b biz all my life in this town Believe me when I say they suck, service sucked food sucked etc will post on every site FYI Most people won't post negative reviews (only 32 on this site, there's over a million in Vegas ) I've never stiffed anyone in my life I use 2 work 4 tips 2 But this guy was an %%^* so don't get him as a waiter or you'll b sorry 4 certain Will NEVER go back & will tell everyone I know the same
4	Small little restaurant with a great big taste...reminds me of my grandma's little house in Hollywood. Chicago Joe's is a must if you want fresh, homemade Italian food. The quaint little place is perfect for a romantic date night. The one page menu is very simple. The creamy garlic dressing is fantastic and every time I've been there, the bread is hot and the butter pats are soft. There is a nice wine selection, but we always get a carafe of the house burgundy for $15.00. Over the years we've tried the chicken parmigiana, shrimp joe w/ pasta, lasagna, spaghetti and meatballs, and some specials they've offered and have never been disappointed (although I like my meatballs better than theirs!). Reservations are recommended - we were there on a Tuesday night and it was pretty crowded. There are only about 10 tables in the little place.
4	Delightfully CHI-Quaint.While Chicago cuisine isn't known for their subtle flavors or soft aromas, its pleasing to know that tradition finds its way to Chicago Joes. Though a little "heavy" for a Friday night, I was enticed into making some terrific dinner decisions by my patient host. Who kept me at ease from all my fidgeting of feeling out of place.Relieved that I kept my ordering to a minimum as the two dishes I ordered glided down with quite generous portions & then some. When a torrent of flavors comes cascading down, the night becomes rather adventurous. As demonstrated by the Chicago Hot Shrimp, tender meat bathed in rich sauce that's heavy on the palate, savory & delightful taste. Something that the bread that accompanied dinner would agree on. Some agree that half an order wouldn't suffice a hungry person, half an order of their Mussels Marinara can feed me & my doppelganger. As I pick on the shells & extract the ambrosia, a sudden urge hits & I'm tempted to pickup the used shells & scoop up the marinara off the plate. But the night ends in a more civil manner as I pick up the check & exit with tomorrow's lunch.
5	1st time there, food was excellent service was great steamers we awesome so glad we found out about this place
4	Great little joint.  Mom and pop Italian, just what you'd expect.
1	Ok this review is from two years ago, but I only started using Yelp recently. This is not even a food review..we walked out prior to being served. If your not a regular or a goombah, then you really don't need to eat here unless you like getting ignored and pissed. Took my dad her on his Vegas visit and we were seated in the corner room of their old place. There was a big party in the main room, but we were seated and then nobody even gave us menu's for 15 minutes and then after nobody else came over to take my order, I just flipped out on the idiot owners there. His lame apology was pathetic and I really wanted to punch him that night for sorta ruining the evening. Bootlegger Bistro saved the night. Who cares how good the food is if you can't even get a waiter to your table on a half-empty weekend night. JUst like the Sahara,, this piece of mob history needs to be imploded or give me some owners who care about new customers.
3	Solid little Italian place with a nice Chicago theme.  No muss, no fuss.On the plus side, the table wine is reasonably priced and tastes alright.  The eggplant parmesan I had was really well-done, and the sauce was pretty killer.On the negative side, the dinner menu was a little pricey for the quality.  It felt like some shortcuts were taken on what should've been made-from-scratch pricing - in particular, I don't think the pasta I had was fresh, unless it was very over-cooked.I bet it would be perfect at lunch prices, though.
2	I was ok with this place for a while. The food is ok for the value. However, lately management is really not doing his job. Orders take forever to be served when there is literally no one in the restaurant (25-30min) and overall, customer service is getting worse.Today I went for late lunch with colleagues. We had the discomfort of being present in a verbal fight between Joe (I guess THE Joe) and one of the cooks. What a shame. They were arguing in the middle of the super small dinning room! .The one thing that really ground my gears thou was that I order a spaghetti with meatballs and after waiting for half  an hour I got my plate with no meatballs. After a couple of minutes the server brought me a cup with 1 meatball. "Ill bring you the other one in a couple of minutes", he said. Five minutes later, with my plate almost finished, he brings me the other sad meatball in a small cup. I guess it was some kind of deconstructed italian cooking experiment...
4	Great Italian food, good service and cute location. I have eaten here several times and I have always left satisfied. It's everything I want from a nice mom and pop restaurant. The building is small, so at times, especially on weekdays at lunch time, Chicago Joe's can get pretty crowded.
3	The service and food at Chicago Joe's are solid. The menu is traditional Italian. The one thing that makes Chicago Joe's interesting is the fact that it is located in an old house in downtown Las Vegas - and a small one to boot. When you walk into the restaurant, it is very obvious you are walking into the living room, which is lined with tables on each side. This makes for a very cozy atmosphere. As you proceed to the center of the restaurant, it is very obvious you are walking into the kitchen. This isn't a converted Victorian, it's more like a bungalow. The lighting is dim and there isn't anything fancy. The tables are plain and the wait staff are direct. The result of this is an ambience that I could only describe as a cross between a cozy B&B and a somewhat seedy local tavern - with it leaning toward the seedy local tavern. I don't mean for that to be negative because the food is solid, the staff efficient and friendly in their wise-guy way, and the dining experience will be interesting.
4	Visited for the first time in the many years I have lived in Las Vegas. It was for a friend's birthday dinner and so they sat us in a large room off the main dining area. It felt like being in someone's house because of the layout. When we initially entered the restaurant, it was a bit disorienting, because there is no traditional host station to greet you as you enter. We literally walked in between people dining at their tables and then made it towards the cashier who is in the middle of this restaurant. If anything it lends to the intimate, informal mood of this restaurant. The food was very good. I had angel hair with marinara, my boyfriend had marinara with meat sauce. The birthday girl ordered table wine for everyone and it came with a peach slice in it. Very fun. Tasted very similiar to sangria (only room temperature instead of chilled.)We also had stuffed artichokes which were pretty tasty and garlic cheese bread.Yummm.I would recommend this place if you want a unique dining experience. It's not a very stylish or trendy place, but sometimes a break from that is quite refreshing!
4	Wow, Chicago Joe's where have you been hiding? I think everyone should try this place at once in downtown Vegas! Make sure you make a reservation because it has very limited seating and you might be S.O.L. when you arrive expecting to be seated.I'm only knocking it down a star because though we had reservations it took us over an hour to get a table since people like to sit there for hours and take in the ambiance. The food was quite tasty and does help when the wait staff takes care of you by giving you a free bottle of vino after waiting for so long! Our server was great and always made sure we were good on everything. So check it out, you won't be disappointed! Oh before I forget their garlic dressing is worth it, great to dip your bread in.
4	This place is so tiny!  And the ceilings are so low!  But it's a great place for lunch if you are craving Italian food.  The meat lasagna ($9.50 at lunch) is the best I have ever had.  Just make sure not to touch the dish it is served in.  It is searing hot.Your meal comes with lots of hot, crusty French bread.  Take advantage and come hungry.Seating is limited so make reservations for lunch or show up around 12:30 or 1:00pm to get a seat.  And make sure to ask about their daily specials and dessert.
5	Yum yum! I definitely recommend this place!I met both the chef and owner and will definitely be back for more. The service was awesome, and the food was delicious. I had a light pasta that was dressed with EVOO, salt and basil, I think. It has been a while.Don't miss out!!!!!
3	The portion size is the same as the restaurant itself small. But the was ok
4	While west of Downtown continues to go big or go implode in terms of hotels, high-end LA retail stores and equally pricey 5 star restaurants that now have become chains (Beso, Koi, Craft, etc.), a place like Chicago Joes is a hidden gem that has no reason to change a thing to keep up with the corporate beast of dining.  The blink or you'll miss it location on 4th Street says it all: Old School is where it all started and where it will remain.  You gotta love that.My mom and I decided to celebrate my return to this ol' hometown of mine on what will be the first of many Mommy and Me dining experiences.  We both pride ourselves on our own respective culinary skills so our quest to find worthy good eats around the Valley is a treat.  We got that and then some at Chicago Joes.On the advice of other reviewers here, we made reservations for 6:30.  We entered from the backdoor where the parking lot is located and there was only one other couple seated in the one-time living room of the small house.  Our greeter joked with us when I mentioned the reservation by saying, gee, we're going to have make some room here.  I love an affable and equally sarcastic server.   We perused the menu and debated on one of two appetizers to try: the stuffed artichoke or the escargot cap mushrooms.  We asked our server which one he preferred.  He said the escargot cap mushrooms hands down but added that the artichoke is good, it's just a lot of work.  Yeah, I agreed.  I wanted to relax since I just came from work and I started by ordering a glass of chianti served in a sweet Italian wine glass tumbler.     He brought a basket of piping hot bread to the table and our appetizer which certainly did not disappoint.  We sopped the delicious sauce up from the mushrooms with pieces of the bread.  I had the salad with the house dressing which is creamy garlic.  If I had one criticism about the dressing it's that it needs more garlic.  My mom had the soup which was a delicious creamy tomato based white navy bean pasta soup, the name of which escapes me.  It was nice start to our entrees, which we both ordered the shrimp parmigiana.  I ordered mine first, my mom wanted and ordered the same but kicked herself for not ordering something different so we could try each other's dishes - because that's how we roll.  Maybe during our next visit we'll order the same but different dish.  The shrimps were huge prawns baked in layers of meat sauce and cheese, exactly the way any parmigiana is supposed to be served.  Our respective dinners were so delicious we decided to save half of them and move on toward the dessert.  Oh yeah, we went there and all because I turned around and read on their little Dry Erase Board what the desserts were: Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake.  Stick a fork in me, I'm done!If you want an authentic Italian experience, go check out Chicago Joes.  The ambience is intimately comfortable and feels like home, which is probably why it's located inside a historic downtown Vegas house.  The food is simple yet robust with flavor and a certain passion.  It's like eating a dish your grandmother passed down in a recipe to your ma and she'll eventually pass down to you.  If it's just a plain old plate of lasagna or spaghetti you want, go to your nearest Olive Garden and get the Tour of Italy.  But if you want to check out a rare Vegas institution such as Chicago Joes, I suggest you try something you've probably never had and never heard of: a la shrimp parmigiana, Chicago Hot Shrimp, Veal and Peppers, Ciopinno, etc.  You won't be disappointed.
4	this people know how to cook Italian food , my best wishes.
1	Worst meal ever..not Chicago and not Italian. Let me preface this by saying I am not an overly picky eater. And this was the first time in my life I was angry about the poor quality of the food I received. I brought my Dad here for his Birthday and thought it would be nice to go somewhere off the beaten path. Being from Chicago and Italian we were looking forward to a nice meal. What we got was unacceptable on every level. It started with the poor welcome we received at the door and continued the rest of the night. Taking our order the waiter did not ask what kind of salad dressing we wanted until we asked what the options were, and the same happened with sides of pasta that accompanied the main dishes (saying, oh well if you don't specify you get what they decide to give you). The bread was more suited to be a croissant than Italian bread. Then the salad came, one of which, one had the wrong dressing, strange because all four of us ordered the same (Italian). The food arrived shortly after, we ordered veal Marsala, Chicken Parmesan, and meat lasagna. The veal was shaved veal? Similar to roast beef, dry and overcooked....it was so bad I didn't even eat it (and $32.95 for this??). The side dish pasta with meat sauce that came with it was just as bad; overcooked and sauce that tasted like ground beef with sweet ketchup. The lasagna was pasta, ricotta, with crusted beef on top, dry, no red sauce, it was terrible. The chicken Parmesan was the only dish that was possibly edible but smothering it in that terrible sauce ruined any chance of that.I voiced my complaint to the waiter and asked to speak to the manager. Neither the manager nor the owner was there. The waiter took two dishes off the bill but I was still angry to pay anything because the food was absolutely the worst I ever had. On top of that this was to be the beginning of a birthday celebration and it turned out awful. I am amazed anyone can stay in business serving food this bad. And I am insulted that this establishment represents both the city of Chicago and Italian food in such a poor manor. Avoid at all costs.
5	I"ve decided to up my rating to five stars as this place is as good as it gets! This little place has so much character and the ambiance is warm and welcoming. Prices are reasonable and service is impeccable and it will always remain my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Once again I cannot praise their Sicilian Chicken enough. It is layers of chicken breast, eggplant, cheese and sauce, served with a side of pasta. It's not on the menu, but since it's often a special they will make it for you if you ask. It is positively to die for!Although their tiramisu is wonderful, we opted to split the Godiva chocolate cheesecake and  was not disappointed. This may not be the faniciest restaurant in Vegas, but it's definitley one of the best Italian joints around.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try out Chicago Joe's for dinner. As we entered the restaurant, we were welcomed right away. We had a nice table for two. The server was very nice and informative about the menu.  We started with two glasses of the Ruffino Chianti, which was served in small water-glass type glasses.  If anyone can remember the Godfather- our wine glasses made me think of how the older Italian characters in the movie would drink their wine out of.  Not Fancy but Classic-like the movie.  I ordered the Spinach Lasagna and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Parmesan. The Chicken Parmesan was very tasty and I liked the sauce. My Spinach Lasagna was flavorful, but had too much cheese.    We finished everything, but did not have room for dessert.  We will be back again.
4	I really do love this place. It's the definition of a hole in the wall. First of all this place is small...I mean really small so it can only get so busy and it does get busy at peak hours so plan accordingly.  As you can imagine with a location as small as this the service is usually very quick. The staff is always very attentive to your needs as well.The menu is clean and neat..and the options that it has...are stellar. having tried most of the dishes on the menu I honestly say they are all great! My favorite is the Veal Parm..huge portions and just great taste.Give this place a try...you will not regret it. If you go in peak lunch or dinner hours make a reservation...you will need it.
3	Small (14 or so tables) old school Italian place in downtown Las Vegas. Good solid Italian food with slightly frantic service. I went here for lunch the other day and tried their lasagna. The place was full and the two servers were scurrying around doing their best and apologizing at every turn. I'd go back but maybe try to find an off time.
4	Charming. Quaint. Fun. Delicious.All of these words can be used to describe Chicago Joe's. Well it's a homey, no-frills, Italian restaurant located in what used to be a small house in downtown Las Vegas - so what is there not to like?I had the lovely experience of joining a large group for a pre-set meal at Chicago Joes. Although we did get some choices of what we would like. From the wine to the home made cannoli, I must say Chicago Joes, you've impressed me.They did start us out with their bread sticks, however they weren't really the consistency I tend to enjoy. None the less, with balsamic and oil to dip them in they were a lovely treat! Next came the salad, a bit small and only iceberg lettuce. However, the house dressing made up for the lack of more leafy greens. I opted for the RED marinara, clam sauce spaghetti. I am so glad I went with this choice because it was absolutely delicious. Out of everything I ate here, it was the star. I couldn't believe clams could be do delicious!If you want some very down-to-earth, no-frills, straight-up like an old Italian Grandma would make it food, then you better get to Joe's!
4	quaint little italian restaurant near downtown. Seating is a little hard for large groups.  But the food is pretty good and priced reasonably.  I've had the lasagna which was good.exceeded my expectations...can't judge a book by its cover as they say.
2	Chicago Joes Blows!!  The exterior of the building looks inviting like an old home, but the inside is a different story.  It is uncomfortably dark, dingy, and extremely cramped.  We ordered chicken and eggplant parmigiana for entrees and had a salad to start.  The salad was good, nothing special there.  The entrees were horrible.  The chicken parmigiana was a meager piece of overcooked chicken with the frying batter smeared on top topped with what seemed like a pound of half melted cheese.  The eggplant tasted as though it spoiled a week ago, yet they served it to us.  The marinara sauce for both entrees tasted like it was the scrapings from the bottom of the burnt pan from the previous day.  Trying to salvage a bleak meal we ordered a cannoli in hopes it would redeem the experience.  Sadly this was not the case.  All in all this was a big disappointment and a waste of money.
1	Don't waste your $$$  Wine is way over priced for the quality.Food totally lacks in flavor. Ordered lasagna and literally one noodle at the bottom with a ton of meat sauce piled on top and limited cheese. Sent it back and chose spaghetti with marinara. Tasted like someone poured on tomato paste and  that was it. Absolutely no flavor or seasonings at all and for $15. A waste. This is far from authentic Italian by any means.
5	Smallish restaurant, converted from an old house, but with ambience. The Italian food selections were limited, but what we ordered, subs, were piled high with meat and served quickly. Reasonable prices and attentive staff.
3	After seeing this place on restaurant.com for some time, I finally got a coupon and made my way over for dinner.  Located in the heart of downtown, it's a cute little place that was converted from an old house.  Definitely not your run-of-the-mill dining establishment.  We were here on a Friday night and the place was packed.  We somehow managed to be seated immediately, although we were right next to the soda dispenser and ice machine.  I looked out at the restaurant and had a great view; my husband however had a view of the waiters getting ice all night.It's charming inside with its dim lighting and old school Italian feel- I'm always a sucker for the red and white checkered tablecloths.  But it's a bit cramped with the tables being packed in tight.  The menu is short and to the point and the wine list only has a few choices.  I had the house wine- some type of burgundy- and it was only $4.  It was actually pretty good and the slice of peach they threw in it was a nice touch.  My husband ordered the pasta with marinara sauce and I ordered a special for the day, ravioli pomodoro.They started us off with side salads which were ok.  They were just iceberg lettuce and very overdressed.  My husband's looked completely unappetizing with a giant circle of creamy dressing laying on top of the lettuce.  My husband's pasta was good but nothing special.  As for me, I will just say that I did not enjoy my pasta.  The tomatoes were old, mushy, and had no flavor and the basil was overcooked.  It looked sad and limpy.  There were only about 6 raviolis and they were floating in some kind of greasy liquid in the bottom of the dish.  Didn't really look like oil, more like chicken stock?  I really hope not.So, the food was pretty "meh" and overpriced for what it is.  $16 for 6 plain ol' ravioli?  I would say two stars if based on food alone.  Fortunately our waiter was great and I enjoyed the atmosphere, so I will bump this place up to three.
3	Well. Let me tell you before you get confused. When you walk in, you think you walked into the wrong place. I walked in the front door and everyone was staring at me weird. But it was the right and only way to walk in. *Make reservations*This place is good for Italian. Italian is not my first choice, but I do like it. The staff was ok, and they were somewhat busy, but they are very small. The server was very nice, but he didn't seem to check up on anyone too often. The menu is small and basic. There were 4 of us, and 3 of us got the same special. Spicy shrimp and scallop pasta. It was very good and just the right spice. The other person got the lasagna and they raved about it. They give you large portions and most dishes come with bread, salad or soup. If you are looking for good home cooked Italian in a quaint little restaurant, please try it. Be prepared, the tables are very close, so don't go there to break up with someone. People will be listening. I will definitely go back and try other dishes.
4	Seen and heard about this place forever... and finally tried it.. Great atmosphere.. quaint... Went for lunch.. easily got a table because we went early. There were four of us. Two of ordered the day's special, another ordered chicken parm, the other spaghetti. The special was cheese tortellini, you could have with either meat sauce or marinara. It also came with a meatball... I went with the meat sauce. Tortellini was average, the meat sauce had great flavor and the meatball was good. All the entrees came with a house salad, about a cup of iceberg, 1/4 tomato and a black olive... We all had the creamy garlic dressing. Not a stand out, but it was good. I was told the bread basket was excellent. Our waiter was fantastic... attentive the entire time we were there.. The prices were good too. Nice to have a great lunch downtown..
4	I have a soft spot in my heart for Chicago Joes.  A stand-alone restaurant in a renovated house is a rarity here in Las Vegas - and I'd give this place two stars on that alone.  The host and staff look (and sound) like they're straight out of the Godfather with their slicked back hair, cracking jokes and being wise-guys (you may even leave with a new nick-name) - but this just adds to the homey atmosphere.  It's like you're eating at the home of an up-and-coming mobster or something.  Yeah, the place is a little worn and grubby - but I think that adds to, rather than detracts from, the experience.Admittedly, I'm no connoisseur when it comes to Italian food - it doesn't even rank in my top 5 types of cuisine - so take my opinion for what it's worth. I like the food here.  The creamy garlic salad dressing is good - on top of a solid iceberg lettuce salad.  The Shrimp Parmigiana is tasty (isn't there supposedly a rule about cheese and shellfish?) and the Chicken Marsala fine but I still prefer Miceli's in my hometown of Hollywood.  The house chianti always seems "hot" to me and I always seem to end up breaking out in a sweat in this tiny place so I I try to remember to dress in layers.
4	Very good dinner.  We had a nice time.  The eggplant parm was very good!  We will be back.
1	I have eaten at Chicago Joes many times over the years and always had a nice meal at a reasonable price. I have howver noticed that "regulars" can bump you to get a table. I called Joes tonight to get a table at 4 pm and had to call a few people to confirm. Because I didnt have what they considered a firm reservation thay bumped me.Too bad because I will not be back ever and neither will my friends.
5	love it!  Classic Vegas style and delicious Italian fare.  Go for lunch if your wallet is hurting, the dishes are a bit cheaper and your taste buds still get treated.  The best eggplant parmesean ever!  The salad is unimpressive (ugh, iceberg lettuce) but the dressing is awesome.
4	My boyfriend wanted to try this place for a long time so we finally ate here for dinner. I ordered their special shrimp angel hair pasta w/spicy butter garlic and my boyfriend had lasagna.  It was great..! I enjoyed it alot.
5	This is just one of a handfull of places I'm willing to drive from Green Valley to go to downtown.  I'll start out by saying that the environment of the restaurant is decidedly homey and quaint...it's basically a small old house that has been repurposed.What Chicago Joe's lacks in style and location is more than made up for by the food...plus, that why you eat out, right?  I've been going there for about six years now and have never had a meal that was less than stellar!  My personal favorite is the "Shimp Joe" on anglehair.  My wife loves the lasagna and we've both tried and like several of their other dishes.  The freshly baked bread and house salad dressing really push the experience over the top.Personally I love the ambiance of the place.  More than once we've sat next to a "vegas celebrity" and at any given time you're likely to see a Bentley/Rolls/Limo in the parking lot.  Chicago Joe's, you might say, is kind of in line with the Tiffany Diner (inside White Cross)...kind of an institution with old timers.At any rate, if you want the best Italian food that I'm aware of in the Vegas valley, you should certainly check it out!
1	We eat out several times a month. I can state beyond any doubt that our experience at Chicago Joe's was absolutely the WORST ever!We dined early (5pm) and were the only customers in the restaurant when we arrived.The waiter spent 99% of his time on the telephone. He even came to our table and took our order with the phone pressed to his ear! Our bottle of wine was brought to us already uncorked and tasted as though it was watered down. The waiter never returned during the meal to refill our glasses. I guess it's a "do it yourself" kind of place.Their pasta fagoli soup was a joke! I admit it had good flavor, but it was lukewarm, at best. It was really a bean soup, with a few token pieces of pasta in it. We were told that the bread was in the oven. I joked that I hoped it came out hot, so we could put it in the soup to warm the soup! It did arrive long after the soup was totally  cold. The bread was too hot to even touch. It obviously was a frozen bread that they "baked" to order!The waiter recommended to Cioppino. The seafood was ok, but the broth was greasy and watery. It was served with a little angel hair pasta in it, which was grossly overcooked.My friend had the Chicken Angelo. The chicken was overcooked.  The side of pasta served with it was the mystery of the night. It supposedly had a bolognese sauce. There were a few tiny stray pieces of meat in it. We each tasted it several times, trying to figure out what the very unusual flavor was in it. The only reasonable explanation I could come up with was that it was cooked in a pot that still had soap residue in it!I can't even imagine how they stay in business, unless whatever keeps their staff on the phone full time is a money maker.We will not be back!!
2	Took my husband last week for his birthday.. First time for him. Unfortunately probably his last. He was nott impressed. The best part of his dinner was the atmosphere. He ordered the special - Scallops.. appeared to be frozen, not fresh and very small. I ordered the Stuffed Artichoke as my entree. The flavor was good, I believe it was cooked in beef broth, however there was enough bread crumbs to coat an entire chicken. all of our food was average to below average. We paid $9 for 4 oz of Pinot Noir,Service was great, too bad we can't say the same for our food.
3	We went here Friday night with friends. We had reservations so there was no wait. This was our second time here. It's a nice place to go before a night out at The Smith Center. The service was OK, nothing special. The food was OK, nothing special. They have a "Lighter Fare" meal which is what I ordered. It was only $12.95. I had the ravioli with meat sauce. It was good and the perfect serving amount (4 raviolis). The salad that they server was mediocre, at best. The warm bread that they serve was very good. My partner had lasagna (the smaller serving). It was tasty and even the "lighter fare" was too much food. Overall, the food was OK and I will go back since I go to the Smith Center often.
4	What a hidden gem.  Being from an Italian family in the midwest, I was really happy to discover Chicago Joes a while back.  The staff always remembers us and treats us like family.  The food is phenomenal.  Some of our favorites include...Extra spicy calamari - reminds me of my moms sauce on Xmas eveMeatball Parm App Special - should be an extra.Shrimp Parm - Amazing dish and a nice twist from the norm of chicken and veal.Chicago Hot Shrimp - Spicy and deliciousStuffed artichoke - one of the best ive had.Their house bread and salads are very good as well.  Both the garlic and house italian dressings are great and its nice to visit a restaurant once in a while that includes a salad with your entree.Dont forget some of the house italian red and dont forget to ask for their small glasses and some peaches.  Delicious and reminded me of my grandfather and his friends.  If you dont see it ask or if you want it ask...the staff will try to make it happen for you.
1	Went to Chicago Joe's yesterday for lunch and for the first time, I was absolutely disappointed. Our server was the most uninterested individual and acted like we were there to bother him, although we had not even spoken a word.  When we asked if we could order from the dinner menu, he sighed and said he would go ask, when he returned he told us that indeed we could. We both ordered the pasta with calamari sauce, it was horrible, the pasta was so over cooked it practically fell apart on our forks, it tasted mushy as if it was left over pasta that been heated up.  Now I have been going to Chicago Joe's for over thirty years and have watched it slowly deteriorate when it comes to their food, we remember when the grandma was in the kitchen. However, when you are serving soft drinks from liter bottles something is wrong. I guess we will put Chicago Joe's in our memories as we will not be returning there again.  Good luck to anyone who likes mushy pasta, and shame on them for serving it!
2	I've only been for lunch and everything is drenched in red sauce.  I really didn't care for it.
4	Great meal just off downtown.
3	I finally dined at Chicago Joe's after long wanting to sample the classic Italian fare of this downtown fixture.  Despite high hopes for a great meal, after finishing a five-course dinner here I am sorry to report that I was underwhelmed by very uninspired cooking.  An appetizer of Arancini, served with duo sauces of Marinara and Alfredo, was okay, but on the dry side.  Unwarmed Italian Bread and butter, and a beany bowl of Pasta Fagioli, tasted good.  A fairly simple salad of greens, a couple of tomato slices, a touch of carrot, and a black olive, with a Vinaigrette Dressing was fine but nothing special.  And then came the really disappointing entry!My $33 entree of Veal & Peppers, with mushrooms and onions and an included pasta side, was extremely pedestrian.  Beyond pounding, the veal was ultra-thin, not very tender, and actually resembled luncheon meat.  And the strands of peppers that topped the meat seemed like they had been shaved off a thicker vegetable base.  However, the Spaghetti Bolognese with Mushrooms that came with the entree was good and hearty.  An average-size Cannoli tasted good but was rather ordinary, while a large slice of Chocolate Cheesecake that was not house made was excellent.  Service was good, and the ambiance in this very small eatery homey and comfortable.  But I doubt I will be back.There are just too many other better Italian restaurants in the Las Vegas valley to warrant a return.
5	Everytime we go downtown we stop here for lunch or diner.  Love the clams and linguinni and the lasagna, just like grandma used to make!
4	I really liked this place.We found it by accident, headed to another destination, and remarked, "Hmm...never heard of them". And on our way back from the original destination, we decided to give it them shot.It looked a lot like a small residential dwelling that had been converted into a restaurant. In fact, it looked an awful lot like my Aunt Marion's house when I was growing up. It was warm, friendly, and it had a homey type of comfort to it that made us all feel relaxed.The food was standard Italian fare, in home-style, non-pretentious presentations. Most of all, it was all delicious.I couldn't decide whether to get meat sauce or mushroom sauce, and I was talking to the waiter about what I could add. He was very helpful, and told me about a dish that wasn't on the menu, (I think he called it Pasta Luigi), it had meat sauce, mushrooms, sausage and peppers, over penne. I loved it.I am torn over whether to give it 4 stars or 5, and the reason is sort of unfair......I think Fatburger deserves 5 Stars as my favorite greasy fast-food hamburger joint. I think Nobu deserves 5 starts as an amazing culinary experience. Does that mean that Nobu and Fatburger are of the same quality? Absolutely not, they are apples to oranges. Having said that, I am from the East Coast originally, and have eaten in some of the finest Italian restaurants in the world. Cipriani's in NYC, Al Forno in Providence, etc....My point is, these places are 5-star, and are definitely a cut above Chicago Joes. My problem is, I enjoyed the hell out of my meal at Chicago Joes, so does it deserve less stars because there are better fine-dining establishments in other parts of the world, when that's not what they are going for? They have created a comfortable, family-style eatery that I enjoyed thoroughly. They weren't shooting for the moon. In that category of restaurant, I think they achieved 4.5 Stars here.So do I give them a 4? Or do I give them a 5?Please weigh in, as I'd love a more experienced Yelper's opinion on what they do when faced with this dilemma.
5	Best restaurant experience in years of visiting Vegas. Neighborhood restaurant in old home. Great service. Wonderful eggplant Parmesan and chicken cacciatore. Generous portions, no charge for sharing.
4	Ok, so no big surprise.  I'm not a fan of Italian food, but this visit was an impromptu dinner before a night of heavy partying.  So this place is super cute!!  Very small, very cozy.  Filled with checker table cloths.  The restaurant is in an L shaped and reminds me the spaghetti scene on Lady and the Tramp.  I may not like pasta or Italian food as much, but I definitely didn't want to pass this experience up.  Super "ma and pops" kind of joint.  The servers were super helpful and nice.  Be advised, you are not allowed to split checks.  My only rant about this place is their super ghetto bathrooms.  Very small and confined, and you have to walk through the middle of the kitchen area to get there.  I was not impressed.  For the table, we got a couple of complimentary baskets of Italian breads.  Super flaky and soft/warm on the inside.  It was sooo warm and great.  For dinner, I got the standard spaghetti pasta with Italian sausage.  The one thing I was impressed about what how fresh and homemade everything tasted.  The spaghetti was cooked perfectly to my liking.  Not that I know what perfect tastes like because I don't usually eat that, but it was perfect for me.  The sauce was full of herbs and chunky.  The sausage.  Oh man, the sausage was so good!  It was salty and filled with herbs.  It was really the star of the dish.  Man, so good!  For dessert, a friend shared a canoli with us as she has never had that before.  The shell was super crunchy and the filling was sweet and ended my evening quite nicely!Listen, you have to check this place out!  Set in a random spot, across the street from the Soho Lofts downtown, but lots of character.  It's homey and super cozy!
1	Remember in Happy Gilmore when Shooter Mcgavin yells, "I eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast!" And Happy says, "You eat pieces of shit for breakfast?" Well, I didn't go to Chicago Joe's for breakfast, there's no hockey, no golf, and when you watch Happy Gilmore (or any Adam Sandler movie) you go into it expecting it to be a little shitty. But here, I feel like I ate pieces of shit for breakfast, but at dinner...and I paid them to do it to me.That's about it. Don't go. This place was awful. Dirty (look at the walls), overpriced, shit service, and horrible food. Give your money to a meth addict in front of a liquor store and ask them to bring you something to eat, your odds are better that you'll A. Get something for your money. B. It'll be cleaner, C. If you do get A & B, it'll DEFINITELY taste better.
3	Not sure why I gave it 5 stars the first time....I must have been basking in post-eggplant parm delight.  Yes, the food is great but the service is hit and miss and the hours have made it so that I have been unable to eat here in ages.  I refuse to go for dinner and pay several dollars more for each dish just because it is dinner time.Lunch is great but they are closed Sunday AND Monday, which are my days off.  Boo:(
4	Lived in Vegas all my life and never eaten here. Was a pleasant surprise  We went with friends before a play at Smith Center. Had the small plate dinner as did three of the other diners. All was quite good. Would eat here again and plan too. Quaint small Italian restaurant.
4	My boyfriend and I came here a few weeks ago, 1st time for both of us. We loved the atmosphere and wait staff. This place is so cozy and really feels like home. The food was just like grandmas! We enjoyed our visit so much that we took my folks last night. My family is Italian so this was the true test. Mom & Dad also loved this place. Truely a Vegas Gem!!!
5	We had an amazing dinner here with a big group.  Service was excellent!!!  Wasn't sure what to order so asked them to make me a pasta dish and they came out with a huge bowl of pasta and all kinds of seafood with an amazing light sauce.  It truly was amazing and they didn't over charge for the dish.  We will be going back for sure!
2	The atmosphere is about the only redeeming quality for Chicago Joe's. The food is just a notch above the chain Italian restaurants but the service deserves only one star. Our waiter showed little concern for his guests.
4	Great little Italian restaurant converted from an old house in downtown Las Vegas, located on 4th Street.  If you blink, you could miss it as you drive by.  From the outside, it looks like a residence.  For an app, I started with the stuffed artichoke.  This was a great selection that hit the spot.  For the main, I ordered the Chicken hot shrimp with pasta side.  This was a good choice.  The shrimp was juicy and flavorful, chicken was tender and cooked perfectly.  The pasta side was just the right portion to go with the meal.  Overall, it was a great selection.  Just the right amount of  spices and flavors made this meal outstanding.  The place is rather small, seating was a little too cramped to my liking.  However, the service was great and personable.  Our waitress knew the whole menu from top to bottom and had no problems explaining each dish we inquired about and what was in it and how it was cooked.
5	This little place is a MUST try if ever in the downtown area! Tiny house converted into a business. If going during lunch hour, arriving no later than 11:30 if you want to catch a table, otherwise, expect a long wait. The staff is wonderful, food is flavorful and so delish. Very cozy place with nice ambience. Parking is a pain, bathroom is kind of sketch but I don't mind it since the experience there is always a 10.
3	I heard so many solid reviews about this place that I had to give it a shot, so I took my group of friends here.The restaurant is actually in an old one-story home complete with a grass lawn and porch!  I can't imagine this place seats more than 30 even with cramming people next to the walls.  For setting, this is something unlike anything in Vegas.The meal started out well with fresh bread and moved onto a tasty Pasta Fagoli soup.  I decided to order the meat lasagna after hearing so many rave reviews about it.  The waiter put it in front of me and I immediately was disappointed in the portion size, as I was expecting something much bigger for $18.  After having a few bits it tasted very similar to Marinelli's at The M, where it doesn't appear to have a lot of layers of pasta, but just a lot of cheese.I finished the dish in no time and eat more of the bread (granted I was hungry that night, but still).  A slightly humorous moment is when we asked the waiter to split the checks for our group and he dropped the F bomb while walking away from the table.  We personally thought it was funny, but still a little strange for a common request.If I come back here it most likely would be on a date just because this place is so unique in it's setting.  However I would have to order something different.
3	I use to go to  this place all the time for lunch but have not been in years. My friend and I went last week before a show at the Smith Center and it was a virtual ghost town. Service was good as we were one of only 3 table in this tiny little place. The food was mediocre except the dessert which was some sort of torte and very good. I was certainly disappointed as I remembered this place being so great and perhaps it was an off night. We did the dinner special for something around $12 and got salad and pasta. My pasta was alfredo and my friends was the ravioli. The alfredo was too heavy (I know it's a heavy plate) it had the re-heated alfredo taste to it. My friend said hers was fine. More than likely I will not return.
3	I recall this place being a lot better before. I have been there for dinner and from what I remember, the portions were large, ingredients fresh, and prices reasonable. A co worker and I were in the area and decided to try Chicago Joe's for lunch. The server was helpful and attentive, but he gave my co worker a glass with a huge crack down the middle. That could have ended very badly.The lunch specials are pricey for the amount of food that you get. We opted for a chicken parmigiana for $9.95. It consisted of a small scoop of cold pasta in an overly sweet pasta sauce, and a piece of breaded chicken no larger than the palm of my hand. The chicken also had gristle which was very gross. Overall the taste of the food was solid, the prices were too high for what you get, and the service was solid enough. I wouldn't rush back here again.
4	This was a great experience. I enjoyed everything I tried and really enjoyed the mussels, which I had plenty left of for leftovers, over pasta and the Cannolis were also fantastic. My server was really friendly and added to the homeyness of the place. Easily could have been 5 stars if it weren't for little details like empty Parmesan shaker and clogged Pepper. Also love the dark red lighting it makes a semi-cramped space still romantic  and intimate.
4	Excellent Italian menu, especially for lunch.  I typically order take-out however, the small restaurant, appearing to have been converted from an old home, has tight knit family style ambiance to it.  I would recommend the eggplant parmesan with a house salad dressed with creamy garlic.
5	By far my favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. Pasta Luigi is the fastest they have! Also try the stuffed artichoke. It is one of the best of ever had
1	I used to go here for lunch.  VERY Disappointed for dinner.  The Artichoke appetizer was unappealing.  Breading had no flavors.  How about a little garlic, herbs, and chunks diced from the artichoke's stem?  I had the eggplant entree.  Very thin slices of eggplant that I had to hunt for topped with humongous lump of mozzarella cheese.  I asked for the meat sauce and got the marinara.This restaurant is a prime candidate for a restaurant makeover.  Somebody forgot to send the memo to the 1960s and tell Chicago Joes to come into the 21st century.  The bathrooms are in the kitchen area?  Really?  With magic marker indicators on the door for Men and Women? My companion refused to use the facilities it was so gross. Maybe a change in kitchen staff.  This used to be a delicious place for lunch.  Not so now for dinner.  I doubt I'll come back.  You lost a repeat customer, Joes.
4	When you walk into the small establishment (an old house) you see a cozy restaurant with dim lighting and the hum of chatter. It looks like a good place for a group of friends or on a casual date.I had the pasta with eggplant sauce and my friend had the meat lasagna. They came with warm bread and a choice of soup or salad. The salad was slightly wilted iceberg and romaine lettuce (wouldn't recommend) The entrees were pretty good.I love that it's not a chain and has its own unique feel.
4	I love a place with charm and Chicago Joes has a ton of  it!  It is a small house that has been turned into a restaurant.  You feel like you are over for dinner at a good friend's home.  The food is great, I enjoyed the authentic lasagna and my husband had the spaghetti and meatballs.  It is a little crowded, but that didn't bother us.  Definitely make your reservations or you may not get a table.
3	If you want old Vegas charm, and great food, this place is a must see! The dining room is a little old and outdated, which is why it was near empty at 9pm on Friday night. It looks like it hasn't changed much in the last 50 years, and is in need of a remodel, but it was cozy and charming. The outside of the building looks like someone's house and you feel as though you're walking into someone's living room. They've obviously had to make due with little space, with an ice machine in the middle of the dining room and no real front desk. However the red checkered table clothes and hanging christmas lights gave at a real old Italian flare. The food was excellent and reasonable priced. We enjoyed a trio of lasagna, fettucini alfredo, and cheese ravioli served with dinner salads and garlic bread. For those looking for the nostalgia of old Vegas and some authentic Italian fare, Chicago Joe's is worth the trip to downtown.
4	Super cute and cozy Italian restaurant downtown. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their pasta e fagioli soup and I often order just that for pick up during lunch. My son loves their spaghetti and their chicken marsala. I don't know why, but their reheated leftovers always taste better than what I eat in the restaurant. The food I eat there is great, but I always look forward to Chicago Joe's leftovers. Good service, parking is in the back.
2	Having eaten there several times many years ago we knew what to expect as far as ambiance. Unfortunately the memories of the food quality didn't measure up.   In a city filled with many dining choices is it surprising that this restaurant has lasted this long.
1	12/10/13 DINNERA little over 2 years ago we were recommended to try this place by locals we met at a wonderful food event.Perhaps something has changed since that recommendation?The service was good, the waiter amiable. Not the best waiter, but a very good one.But the food was poor.Started with an order of garlic bread, which turned out wasn't worth the extra expenditure, as you receive a basket of a non-garlic version of the same bread anyway.Salads (w/ entrees) were OK. The garlic whatever-it-was dressing was good, but nothing amazing.(I guess Chicago Italians LOVE their garlic. Keep reading.)I had Cioppino. It was so-so, as the clams were tough and a little sandy, and the shrimp were overcooked. (As it was a boiling hot soup, it's no wonder the shrimp overcooked, particularly while I was eating it.)Spouse had the pasta w/ eggplant sauce, with the addition of meatballs for extra money. He said it was the worst meal he's had in Las Vegas since we moved here 3 years ago. The pasta was filled with slices of raw, uncooked garlic. He knows we should have refused it, but he was starving and we were in a hurry. The meatballs were bland, unseasoned, and he said had a livery element to the taste.Ordered a Cannoli, hoping something would impress us here. It was OK. And hey, no garlic!We will never return.
5	This is my husband and my favorite Italian spot. Chicago Joe's is like going to dinner at someone's house. It's an intimate restaurant with a great ambiance. Perfect for a first date, anniversary or in our case Valentine's day. I suggest no matter when you go that you call in advance and make a reservation. The food here is so delicious. Trust me you will look at Olive Garden with disgust after eating here. We started things off with the Mushroom Caps filled with Escargot. It was delicious and covered in garlic butter. Truly a perfect bite to pop in your mouth. I also suggest the Calamari in the red sauce for an appetizer. For our entree's we both had the Penne Pasta with Calamari Sauce. I choose the yummy house salad with their creamy garlic dressing! I'm telling you I want a vat of this dressing!! My husband had the soup which was Pasta Fugal. They also bring you fresh bread which I love with the little pats of butter. We even ended up dipping the bread in the garlic butter from the Mushrooms. Our entree's did not disappoint! The red sauce was full of garlic and covered the fresh calamari and pasta perfectly. This is by far my favorite thing to order from here. The service was excellent considering it was Valentine's day and they were packed! The owner even gave me a rose when we were seated. It was a great night with amazing food! Yum!
5	This restaurant is very unique.  It is located in an old house downtown and the seating area is quite small, but it lends to an intimate feel.  My meal was amazing!  I wanted a stuffed pasta that was not on the menu, and when I inquired about it the waiter said it was not a problem for them to special make it for me.  I was shocked that they would do that and my meal was wonderful.  The service was great, too.  Highly recommended.
4	Recently had dinner at one of my all-time favorite Italian restaurants in Las Vegas. This is old Las Vegas for sure. A tiny, little Mom & Pop classic Italian joint in an old cottage downtown. Only about a dozen tables in the whole place. Been going here for years. It can be a little pricey but well worth it for the atmosphere and quality of the food. Very intimate and great for date night, anniversaries, romance, etc.
5	A tiny and cozy little place, great for a romantic dinner or a great night out with close friends. The service is top notch, and everyone is very friendly, the house creamy garlic dressing is to die for!!!
5	We got this place recommended by a local who referred to it as "hole in the wall that you have to visit". It's out of the way for any and all tourist attractions, but it's within walking distance from Fremont Experience in downtown, so we opted to try it when we were there. We almost turned around half way there, as it is a walk through neighborhood that appeared to be somewhat "shady" in the dark. It's a small place and we didn't see it until we almost missed it. I'm very glad we didn't though.The place is very small, dark (as in all lights were dimmed to the point that it was hard to read the menu) yet very cozy and inviting. The place wasn't exactly full, but there were people inside, which was a good sign for us so we decided to try it. The service was impeccable - the waiter knew the menu by heart and could recommend specialties and explain the difference in sauces, pastas, etc. We opted for Lasagna, pasta with sausage and pasta with clams. All the dishes came with warm (freshly baked?) bread and a salad with their own in-house dressing. The salad wasn't anything out of the ordinary, except it was very fresh, but the dressing was awesome. When the food came, we were glad we were hungry! Decent sized dishes and everything tasted just perfect. The service while we were there was also very attentive yet not annoying. One thing I'd change is to turn the lights just a bit brighter - it was quite literally hard to figure out what we were eating at times. Otherwise, as long as they keep the same cooks and recipes - I'll be back given a chance!There is a bus stop about 5 min away from the restaurant and it's roughly about 15 min walk from Fremont, so keep that in mind.
4	Been here many times.  Always forget to check in on Yelp.   What a great little restaurant in downtown Las Vegas.   Setting is inside a small home.  Basic Italian food done well.  I would suggest making reservations since they usually have a wait when you get there.
5	I've had business lunches here several times and have always enjoyed the food. This was the first time I brought my wife for dinner. She loved the quaint ambiance. Our waiter was very hospitable and friendly. My only real complaint, and I have the same one for Nora's restaurant, is that the chicken parm is not breaded and fried. We didn't order it but would have if it were made properly. Other than that, the food id good. The parking can be a challenge. They have a very small lot in front. At night, you can use the lot on the side as we did. It doesn't belong to them but the business is closed in the evening. There is also a huge dirt lot behind but not really safe at night.
5	Excellent!!! Like being in Italy!  So quaint and owners so caring.  Loved the house salad dressing!
5	Delicious food....great place to go if you don't want to eat on the Strip. Tiny, funky little place. Never been disappointed.
5	I've just read other reviews,  AFTER eating here. I couldn't agree more with the great reviews. Omg! HOMEMADE YUM! If you like Italian you gotta love garlic. Yes. I. Do. Salad dressing outta this world~ creamy garlic. Calamari appetizer isn't fried. It's sauced, heads n all. Good,  just remember NOT fried. Their bread is heavenly. Nothing like good bread to sop up the sauce. Seriously~ extra bread. Meatballs. ...nom, nom, nom. Our waiter was great. No complaints.  If you want homemade Italian; what more could you ask for?
3	Went for the first time after being told this was a must try by friends a few years ago. The place is very small, but cute the way it's set up. The waiter greeted us; however, was kind of appalled that we hadn't made a reservation. As first timers we weren't aware this was "kind of required". The Italian bread that came out was delicious, but it went downhill from there. I ordered fettuccine alfredo with pasta fagioli soup to start. I was disappointed to get a soup with only one type of beans, pasta, huge chunks of tomato & it wasn't even warm - not like any pasta fagioli I have ever consumed before. Then the fettuccine..... Bland, flavorless sauce over noodles that tasted as if they were stored somewhere covered with mold and mildew! On the plus side, my husband devoured the lasagna. When asked if we wanted dessert, we declined, I didn't want to take my chances!
5	Small "hole in the wall" Italian restaurant. The food is always amazing, well prepared and fresh. You can never go wrong with eating here. Beware, it is a small place and gets packed rather quickly during lunch
5	Excellent food and service in a warm environment , had the chicken parm. And piccata with a bottle of chianti, very good, must try
1	This restaurant has been here forever and used to be one of my favorite spots....not anymore. Went last night (for the 1st time in over a year) The salad was warm and limp.  Ordered clams as an appetizer. One bite of the "fishiest" tasting clams I have ever tasted told me that they had been frozen, which the waiter confirmed. Ordered the veal piccata, same thing! Frozen veal!! Asked the waiter if anything on the menu was not frozen first and he recommended the shrimp. While the flavor was good, the plate was oily and the food greasy. The side of pasta bolognese was so watery that it had no flavor at all. The replacement side was over cooked and mushy. On the other hand...the waiter was fast, honest and courteous. I will not be returning.
4	This is a nice quaint Italian restaurant.  The atmosphere is like you are having dinner at an Italian family home.  The waiter made us feel very welcome, like we were at his home.   I had the linguini with mussels which was very tasty. The dish could have had a little more pasta but there were plenty of very plump mussels. My date had the spaghetti with meat sauce which she enjoyed very much. Soup or salad comes with the meal, try the creamy garlic dressing.  We shared a spumoni ice cream cake and coffee. We also had two glasses of house wine with our meal and the total bill came to $42.27. Great value for dinner!  I'm picky about Italian food but Chicago Joes met with my standards.
5	I just love this little place.  Everyone is always so nice.  I have been going here for years and the food and service is always great.  My favorite meatballs in town.  Yum yum yum!!!!  The grilled artichoke is a great starter and the creamy garlic house dressing is so delicious.  I usually never allow bread to be set down at the table but here it's a must have.   So hot and fresh.  Mmmmm...To end a good and delusions meal I love to have the lemoncello cake.  Sometimes if I don't have room which is most of the time I get it to go.  I can't leave without it.
4	Went last night for early dinner before a show at the Smith Centers, great place for pre show dinner as it is no more than 5 minutes away from the Smith Center. The parking situation is poor but the food and service make up for that. Started with antipasto salad and cheesy garlic bread, both very good. I had chicken Parm, Beth had shrimp Parm, both came with pasta side and bowl of pasta Fazool (sp?) soup. The sauce on the pasta side was rich and sweet and the soup was very good. Our waiter was Attentive and friendly. If you have ever been to an Italian restaurant in the north end of Boston then you have a good idea what Chicago Joes is like. It is contained in a small house in a former residential area and the tables are squeezed into what used to be the family room or living room or a bedroom perhaps. Very old school feel to it. Prices are pretty reasonable and they have a smaller portion menu you can order from before 6:30pm. We will go back.
5	Always unbelievable food!
2	This was a great intimate place to go with great food, well it used to be. Went there August 28th and left feeling very, very disappointed and embarrassed we'd recommended it to our friends. The server was terrible and he only had one other table at the time. My salad was wilted and old, the eggplant was full of loose breadcrumbs, oil and pasta dish was dry. They served a 1/2 carafe of wine in a giant beer stein. On an up note, the bread was delicious I should've just had bread and wine. The Fra Diavlo was very, very good as well. One out of 6 of us enjoyed their meal. You do the math. Hopefully they will correct these issues.
5	A friend of mine suggested this place when he knew I was heading to Vegas. I'm SO happy I came!!!  My hubby and I went to the outlets and then took a cab over...well sort of. Guess it was Gay Pride weekend and the streets were all closed. Had the cabby drop us off about 2 1/2 blocks away and walked the rest :-)   Totally worth every step in the 106 degree weather. OMG I'm married to an Italian family (Sicilian) and this place is LEGIT!!!  Had the lasagna and my man had the baked Alfredo ravioli (special) both)13.95 and came with salad and bread. Had a Carafe of vino with a peach at the bottom. YUMMY!!!  I'm digesting as I write trying to figure out how we are getting back to our hotel!
4	Delicious authentic REAL Italian-American food that reminds one of the dinners mom used to make. More on the Italian-American side than it is on the just Italian side - this place is very tasty and the prices are very very low (like, exceptionally reasonable).  The tiny place along with its friendly wait staff make this place a slice of the East Coast, right here in Vegas.
4	Great food, great service, great ambiance! Hidden Gem in Las VegasYes!! I LOVE this restaurant. I've been to Vegas a hundred times. This trip with my girlfriends we wanted to go somewhere locals would go. Somewhere with good food but away from the fanfare of the strip. I'm so glad I found this place. It's going to be my go-to spot now. The kicker - Italian food is my least favorite cuisine. We were a group of 4 on a Saturday night. The restaurant is literally a house. Walking in, it really was like walking into someone's dining room. There is a parking lot and entrance in the back. We still walked around to the front. We wanted to take pics in front of the house and in particular we wanted to do this pre-dinner before we had food babies. Reservation was for 8:15. This place is tiny. There are only so many tables. All were full. They staff acknowledged our reservation and were extremely apologetic that we had to wait. It was ok we didn't wait more than 10 minute. Billy was our waiter - great service! The food: great. To start we had the garlic bread with cheese, escargot & mussels. I had the chicken parmesan. Was it the best food I've ever had...nope. But all the other factors made up it. This restaurant truly is a hidden gem. If I delete this review later, it's because I don't want people finding out about it.
5	I love this place. Whenever we have friends in town, we bring them here. Best lasagna on the planet! Garlic bread is great and so is their house dressing. Make reservations, it gets crowded.
1	It kills me to have to write this review......I only live 2 blocks away and never had a bad experience until last week. the only reason i'm even giving 2 stars is because I've had amazing experiences in the past. I had to take my meal to go (had to rush to work, not the kitchens fault) so I had the chicken angelo, a favorite of mine since I'm born and raised in Chicago. They use the foil bowl containers, and somehow the bottom of it had a tear in it. they put the container in a white paper bag, which I placed on the floor of my car as I was rushing to work. I arrived at work and went to get my chicken angelo out of the car, only to notice that the oily liquid contents of the foil bowl leaked through the paper bag and all over the ivory interior of my brand new car :( I had called Chicago Joe's and asked to speak to a manager (not to get anything for free, but just to let them know maybe they should consider using plastic bags instead of paper. I was informed by the person on the phone that they did not employ any managers. I proceeded to tell the gentleman on the phone what had happened, to which his response was "oh, thats not good" no "I'm sorry" and didn't even ask for my name.....I literally had to say "would you like my name?" and he said "if you want to give it to me" Like I said, I'm let down that this used to be my favorite neighborhood spot.....If the customer service was a little higher and at least a sorry was given I would probably continue to eat at this establishment. But not after this incident. and now my my car smells like garlic and has a huge oil stain on the floor.......even after the interior detail... :( Ok, I'm done......
3	The owner reached out to me regarded the issue I had and was very apologetic and nice. He said they were switching to-go containers because of ongoing issues with them. I'll def return based on the fact that they cared enough to reach out.
4	Chicago Joe's is a very special place, located downtown in what used to be someone's house. It's tiny & that's part of the charm. It feels like you're going to visit your relatives & they will be cooking for you. When my office was located near this place I would have dinner here every other week & I've missed it! The food is great, traditional Italian cooking & the setting is casual. The service is always fantastic & the comfy atmosphere is perfect. I highly recommend this place & if you dine before 6:30pm they offer a light menu which comes with perfectly warm & crispy French bread, a house salad with your choice of dressing (the creamy house garlic is the best) and lots of pasta & meat choices. I love the chicken parm & chicken Marsala & all the pastas are freshly made. The baked ravioli is fantastic & the eggplant parm is great. Lots of choices...Make a reservation because the place is tiny!
4	Finally visited Chicago Joe's after so many friends recommended it so highly.  We were very impressed.       First off, reservations are advised, because this place is SMALL.  You might get lucky and walk in to find a free table, but don't count on it. Which brings me to another point....This place is located in one of the "lesser attractive" parts of Las Vegas.  You're not likely to come to this part of town without a destination in mind, such as this restaurant.  But missing this place would be a gastronomic loss to you, because the food is THAT GOOD.  We had the stuffed artichoke as an appy, and, as difficult and labor-intensive as eating an artichoke is, this one was worth the effort. For entrees we chose the meat lasagna and the Chicago hot shrimp w/pasta side.  Both were absolutely perfect, bursting with flavor.  Though the portions weren't enormous, we still required doggy bags.My only caveat was the wine.  Not the quality, but the quantity.  It was served in a tiny juice glass, and though I wasn't able to do a proper volume assessment, it seemed like a much smaller quantity than one would get in a proper wine glass.  For $7 or so, I expected more.  Literally.  That small point aside, our meal was fantastic.  Our waiter Billy was perfect, and had that authentic old-school Italian demeanor (How YOU doin'?) that made the experience all the more enjoyable.  Don't miss this place.
5	I have been having lunch here at least once a month for the past year and a half. I love this place and what great service. The Chicken Parmesan is amazing and I absolutely love the soup, the fresh mini loaf to top it off... A++++++
5	I must have eaten here the night their Chef died andthe devil had to fill in for him. I don't bad mouth people or their efforts and won't begin now. HOORAH!
5	Great little hole in the wall. My girlfriend's mom find it on Yelp while we were in Vegas. Wasn't sure what to expect at all. Outside it looked like a simple little house. Once you got inside it was small but very nice. Lightly light with small tables all over and music playing. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful. The food was AMAZING!! honestly can't go wrong ordering anything off the menu. I'd go here again next time in Vegas.
4	We've been coming here for years.  It's a small, great local place - no tourists at all!  The place is always jam packed because they have the food and wonderful service to prove their worth.A must have is the salad with creamy garlic dressing.  To. Die. For!!
5	HO LY COW!!!! Best Italian place ever. We went here for our New Year's Eve dinner and I was not disappointed by anything about it. If it's your first time going, it's a little weird and scary going in considering it looks just like a normal house, but it is beyond cute on the inside. Down to earth people, the chef comes and talks to you, amazing home cooked Italian food, and not overly expensive like most places. Absolutely will be going back. Don't forget to order the garlic bread too!
4	Very small place, but excellent food. Took my partner for his birthday dinner. But of us had veal dishes, little on the expensive side for the amount of veal but not overly so. Service was a little weird. Four tables including ours got seated at about the same time. Same server for all of us. We got listen to the server talk about the specials at every table but ours. Seemed very friendly at the other tables but sort of distant to us. It wouldnt have been noticeable if the tables werent so close together and we could hear how he was at other tables. Not sure what the deal was. Granted we werent dressed up as much as the other patrons, I didnt get the idea that it was a dressy restuarant, so we were both wearing nice jeans and I had a button down shirt on, so I am not sure if he just figured we werent worth sucking up to compared to the other guests or what.  Thats the main reason for 4 stars. Food very good, service weird, tight fit in a tiny place.
