3	Great experience!  Would use them again for a charter bus!
1	Though their price is probably the lowest, don't use them.  Horrible communication, misleading information, and they're all about making some $$$$.  Used them two years ago and they changed my contract so that the service was exactly $2000 dollars more expensive.  Said it was an error and there was nothing they could do; I had the original contract to prove the original quote.  At that point I had no choice but to pay.  Very slick.  I should get a lawyer...but this review will have to do.  Also terrible communication.  Antonio is the worst.  Pay a bit more for a company with a good reputation.
1	See more reviews at city search. In short, this is a horrific company that is not honest, unresponsive and hell bent on misrepresentation. Hire a company that owns it's buses. This company has nothing but an ego and a desire to take your money. You will be disappointed with this company and all of their lousy employees.
1	While the actual bus and driver they sent to take us on our trip was great, working with them was a nightmare. I'd never use them again. They charged my credit card while holding a check for payment and telling me they absolutely would not charge my card on the phone. I didn't find out till a week later when I got my charge card bill and the uncashed returned check. Then nobody would take responsibility as to why it happened and the customer service rep who promised to call me once he found out what happened never did. No attempt to make it right either.
1	I hired them for our company party, however, on the return trip the bus broke down and the driver told us to go ahead and get taxi's because he didn't know how long it would be.  What a complete nightmare, thier affiliate company still charged us for the return trip and after 4 months of dealing with their account rep. we still have no satisfaction. Worse company ever to deal with!!
1	I wasted 2 weeks in trying to book a bus. I contacted them asking for quote which was pretty reasonable considering they would have to travel from AZ to CA. I talked to them briefly on the phone to understand what the steps were in order to book a bus and the final result was just email Brandon Fulton back with confirmation that we were going to reserve it and they would send over a contract shortly. I waited a day and then contacted again and was told by him that a contract is on it's way. Then 3 more days go by and he tells me they don't have a driver so they will let us know. I contact them the next day asking if they found one he contacts me back a day later saying just want to confirm it was for 5,000 I go yes will the contract be coming he sends me an email saying thanks. I'm think what is that a yes, no. Finally He sends me an email of an invoice and says fill this out. Fill what out? There is no place for a signature or any information. I send an email with no response and then he contacts me asking if I still needed the bus with only 2 days before we need to take off. Needless to say we went another company who was fabulous, professional, and quick to respond. My overall question is, how does a company like this stay afloat in this economy when it's obvious they could careless about how they treat the paying customer
1	This is the worst do not book them, they are 100% FRAUDS!!! Not only do they take your money but when the bus itself had a problem and the group had to take cabs back to the hotel we did not get reimbursed.  On top of all this they do not respond to email or phone calls and swear they don't know where the local office is located.  Got the run around for 6 months trying to collect what was owed to us.  Do not waste your time with this company!!!
5	USA Bus Charter gave us incredible, thoughtful, reliable customer service! We reserved two buses to attend the BCS National Championship game and the company we used cancelled on us at the last minute. Clorice was kind and understanding when we approached her with our dilemma. She stepped up, answered all questions, found us buses and provided service with a smile. She was patient through my multiple, anxious phone calls and followed up with me well after business hours. Clorice is truly a gem and USA Bus Charters is fortunate to have such kind and competent personnel. We will be using their service for any future bus charters!! Thank you Clorice! Go Seminoles!!
