5	This is the second home I have purchased flooring for form Pacific West Flooring.Excellent pricing and one of the best in Customer Service~
5	One of the most exciting and dreadful experience as a new homeowner is remodeling. It is a great feeling to change aspects to your specifications. It is a nightmare when you look at your bank account after. The nice part is how affordable Pacific West is. I got long tiles from Italy for $1.29 per square foot. Their return policy is on the high side. 25% of your cost fr restocking is high, but they work with you to make sure you get the right amount. If they have an abundance of the item, then they work to the bare minimum with the option to buy more as needed. They don't push for everything upfront. Friendly service will have me going back when it is time to redo some more wet areas.
5	Although we did not end up purchasing our floors from here I have to tell you they are very friendly and helpful.  Since they did not have what we were looking for they actually suggested other stores.  WOW, not that is customer service!!!  They had great selection of flooring and really great prices.  If you are looking for flooring, definitely come in and give these guys a look, I am sure they would have done a great job for us.
5	Very friendly service with good variety of floor coverings. Mike & Michelle offer low price binding for area and runner carpets.
5	Majid is awesome he knows exactly what to pick for your tile I would definitely go back to him if I needed more tile.
5	Great deals! Great service!
5	These guys know there flooring and have now purchased there three times. Very courteous and they won't let you down with the best quality and pricing. Come check out my shop and you will see there product.
5	Maria & Majid were excellent for customer service! Actually cancelled a Lowe's carpet order that I found was outrageously overpriced after shopping for my nylon carpet with them. I got beautiful mahogany laminate flooring installed last year in my grt rm & got many compliments! Had forgot they are a carpet store too so am SO glad I revisited their showroom! Their installer got the job done quickly in a day. 4 bdrm's & closettes, stairs & hallway. Looks & feels beautiful! Will definitely refer my friends & family to them.
5	One of the best selection of tiles can be found at Pacific West Flooring and prices are the lowest in Las Vegas. I know, I drove 3 days until I found what I was looking for. It's great to find a product that you like with incredible price to go with it. :) 2 thumbs up!
