4	OMIGOD. I don't have to drive all the way out to Primm anymore to go shopping at the Burberry Outlet... There is one in the main part of Las Vegas now!! *HAPPY DANCE!!!*  They even had the Burberry Porsum bags at a discount here.... Ohhhh... I'm in plaid heaven!!!
5	Another outlet store I LOOOOVED! Super great selection and even picked up a bag for 50% off! But OK, not everything is 50% off though. Clothing was 20% off (at most) and the bags were about 50% as they were originally $700 - $1000.I also know that this store just opened recently.
5	Awesome service, great selection, and decent sizes. Talk to Keith Gonzalez....He set me up with an awesome tailor, shipping my large item, as well as the friendliest, real service you'll get.Real service, yes he will tell you if it looks bad, and will suggest something else. Great guy. A true sales associate, who is resourceful and has great suggestions.
4	I really like the name and everything but I guess I was a bit disappointed when I found that the sales associates on the floor weren't really giving this particular store that good a rep.  There were two male sales associates that I came across during my last shopping experience here. They were very well dressed and were well groomed.  However, they were not polite. They did NOT greet me. They did NOT ask me if I needed any help finding anything. They just did NOT seem to care that I was a potential customer. I'd actually thought of purchasing a few items from here but when the sales associates were not real polite to me, I just left. I hung around after the first associate passed me up but when I was between the two of them and all they were doing was talking to one another, as though I was not there, I became upset. I was standing right between them. Without me standing there, the only other thing between them was a small rack of coats/jackets. Anyways, I was really upset by this experience as it may cause this visit to be one of my last.
3	I've purchased a couple of polos, sweaters and gifts at this location, but during this visit, I didn't find anything in my size!I came in looking for a jacket and scarf, and didn't find anything that fancied my liking. The jackets I was looking at ranged from $350-$500. This BB is larger than the Primm location, but it seems as though this location tends to run out of product faster. They do have a better selection in terms of accessories and purses, however.
2	I've frequented many Burberrys, both outlets and full retail stores and this one def lacked in customer service. When I'm paying this much for a handbag or shoes, I really am paying for someone to cater to me...so I was bummed out to see that at this store no one really asked to help me out. I understand some nouveau-riche ppl were hanging out there and spending like money was going out of style but hey my money isn't any less green. anywho, wasn't impressed Burberry!
2	This particular Burberry is a larger sized outlet compared to the Cabazon one.  It is a bit cleaner in terms of organization, but in no way is the service any better.  I wouldn't buy any purse/wallet/jacket from there if I know that it's sitting on the floor or being mishandled by those who just like to browse and not buy (i'm guilty of this, too).  In addition, this Burberry seems to sell items that are not for the season.  I.e. 100 degree Fahrenheit weather and you're searching for a trenchcoat?  Well, this is definitely the place if you got the $$$.
1	Making my way all the way to Las Vegas, I knew I absolutely had to stop at this store.I was soooo excited to find "deals" and as soon as I walked in, I was very disappointed. First of all, the place was a hot mess! clothes thrown all over and unfolded.. even in the wrong place.and second of all, there wasn't much of a discount on anything. everything had just about $40 or $50 off the original price.Why would I buy a shirt from last season at this store that is going to cost me $204 when the original price was $249? this makes no sense... I might as well spend the extra $$ to buy a NEW item from this season at Nordstroms. May I also add, customer service was lacking... never once did any of the 8 or 9 employees I saw, come over and check if everything was ok... they were too busy gossiping amongst each other. Oh well, I might try the one at Cabazon sometime.
2	This is not a Burberry store. This is a Costco. The place is a dump. There are items all over the floor, it smells odd, and the workers are just weirdos. The Burberry store I used to shop at was the one in the Beverly Center in Los Angeles. Burberry is a high end clothing line, therefore the workers are specially trained to maintain and facilitate an upper-class and sophisticated attitude. I came here for the 1st time in 2010.  Most the items had the tags ripped off them by the ratty Downtown Las Vegas loiterers.  I asked one of the workers, an African American gentlemen, how much the product cost. He goes up to another Black worker and asks him "N-word, how much this be costing?", and then comes back to me and tells me what that guy told him. I was really weirded out because I was used to the workers at the Beverly Hills location using much more intelligent vocabulary.I came back this year after the new years and noticed that the same stuff was going on. The place was a mess, there was tons of wallets and coats laying on the floor, and the workers were slacking off. Many of the price tags were also still missing, so I asked a worker how much the item cost. He then screams at the top of his lungs to another worker who was across the room: "HEY MAN!!!  WHAT THE PRICE ON THIS THING?". I know that this is Las Vegas, and I have lived in Las Vegas long enough to know that people have bad social skills and have difficulty articulating speech, so I guess I should have expected something like thisOddly, I recently spoke with Burberry London's customer service, and they claimed that they had no affiliation with this Burberry store location.
3	I guess if you haven't noticed I have been on a hunt to find the right things for me to have and get. Soo that means a ton loads of shopping in Vegas, La and all around. I have stumbled upon Burberry a few times already within these past few months and I would have to say every experience I have had was a positive one. Workers are pretty friendly and they will let you know what the price is if it was ripped off or anything like that. The store has a wide selection of handbags and some are semi good deals and others aren't so be careful and look around before you make your selection. The only thing I don't like about this store is the parking can be a paint because it is located in a pretty busy outlet complex. But I guess you can't really change that at all.
4	Now that the location in Primm closed, I go to this one more often. You can find the best offers here during Black Friday, and day after Christmas. They had a great after Christmas sale last year(2011). The mens scarfs run about $395.00-$425.00, and I found one here(slightly stained) for about $115.00. Look out for slight imperfections when buying here though.
4	I always make it a point to visit this store as shopping it's retail counterpart definitely could burn a hole in my wallet. While I've visited on a number of occasions empty handed, I was able to score a pair of fantastic classic style rainboots for $100 less than the retail price on my most recent shopping spree. Most of the sales are negligible compared to the original MSRP but every once in a while some of the sale items can't be beat.  if you love plaid, but don't love their retail price this shop can help satisfy your craving.  Additionally, unlike some other factory stores the quality of the products here is the same at the retail store, though perhaps from a previous season. It's all good though plaid is season-less and I'd wear it year round and for years to come.
2	Always picked over and really not a whole lot cheaper than the non-outlet Burberry stores on the strip this was a big miss for me - not even close to the selection, styles, or deals of Ferragamo, Ted Baker, Theory, or Etro.
3	Not much of saving, rather go to Burberry itself.  Lack of customer service here.
3	Like any other High End outlet stores you have to have luck on your side.The basics, very basic you can get for a good deal.Socks, undies, bikinis, an occasional polo can all be bought for under $60 (each mind you)Descent but not a steal.I have had the pleasure of buying some bad ass heels (studded black shiny leather) for $80 instead of over $1000 (last pair, no box)Other than that, always worth a look, but without too much excitement.Service is fine, not great, its fuller than it needs to be in here and the big items like purses and trenchcoats still cost way too much.
1	Nasty sales reps.. She told me my legs were too fat to fit in the rain boots!! They fit with lots of room!! Idiots!! Never shopping at burberry again!! I don't know how the sales reps even keep customers in the store!!
1	I love this brand but I am sure not going to this place again. I was visiting this place last month to looking for some good items. When I just walked in to the store, there was some black boys came in to store behind me. I'm Asian, I have been in United States for 40 years. I love every races in the world, there is not thing wrong with those kids but once they walked in be hind me, the employee who stand in front the door (old white guy) made some weird voice and he walk to another employee who is skinny tall and long hair and ask him something like" hey don't you want to take picture of them and upload to internet?" The tall guy asked him why I think, he said" just to make fun of them." What is this!? Is this how they give customer service to customer? I looked up those kids, they just like all other young children shows underwear out of jean, it is just some kind style isn't it?  I was about 5feet away from those employees but I heard everything what they said! I felt sad and mad! Why people still saying something like that? I really disappointed!
2	This Burberry store is like a SWAP MEET!  As I entered the store you had wannabe cop over there standing there like he's a bouncer. Like.... umm.. Dude do your job GREET THE CUSTOMERS! Specially when your dealing with high end designer retail I expect a hello right when i walk through that door! Anywho, so as I was walking around, clothes were all over the place, I guess the sales team did not have time to replenish the sales floor and fold the clothes. I do understand it's a fast moving store because it is an outlet but DAMN there's 4 of you guys behind the register yapping away.. Why don't you send over  one of your team members to the sales floor to fold..As far as selection goes they did not have that much selections. I am used to shopping at the Burberry in the Venetian shops, where the store is immaculate and the selection was great.I must say, the sales guy who helped me was great, he helped me look for the right size and  he was talkative and very engaging. He was playing the right cards and his customer service was awesome!For all you regulars of Burberry, if you are looking for the latest designs you will not find it here. I would suggest going to the Venetian to the real Burberry store.
1	This outlet store of burberry is not the best place. I'm talking about customer service which was lacking. None of the sales persons greeted me or at least asked me if I needed help. Because of that, even if i wanted to but shoes, i decides not to! Sales people were just chatting with each other. I noticed though, there was a white couple who entered the store after i did and they were greeted nicely. I say, people are pretty racist over there at north premium outlet burberry because when primm had a burberry store, i had a great service. Too bad they are not there anymore. This one at premium sucks. I will never shop there.
