5	Brand new owners, took over Dave's Electric. There are still some changes being made to the menus, and the decor as well as the brews on tap, but overall, just an awesome chill spot to relax and have a drink. They kept a few of the original brews and added a Breckenridge Vanilla Porter as well as a 90 Minute DogFish Head. The new owners completely cleaned up and got rid of the frozen food (Woohoo!) All fresh food now makes up the menu. The club sandwich is massive but delicious with a jalapeno mayo. The blackened salmon sandwichi is amazing as well! My absolute favorite addition to the menu, is the Mad Hatter Plate. It is an original and certainly unique item. It is a plate of homemade macaroni salad, home fries, topped with your choice of cheeseburgers, hamburgers, hot dogs, or eggs. On top of that there is homemade chili sauce and mustard. It sounds a bit daunting, but it satisfies every desire! If you're just starving, if you're hungover, if you're drunk and need some food to soak up some alcohol... that plate will not disappoint! Give this place a shot! Youll love it!
1	OK, you guys have some work to do. I visited this spot when it was Dave's, twice. Once to try it out for the first time and 2nd because I was hoping it wouldnt be as bad as the first time. Wrong! I was really hoping that when it switched ownership, things would improve. Wrong again! The food: Simple bar food menu. Nothing special to make you want to come here. I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheese Burger. It comes with fried onions on it, so I request no fried onions. They bring the burger out with no onions (thank you) but also, no BBQ sauce. Now, how am I supposed to enjoy my BBQ burger with no BBQ? The server was friendly but not very attentive. After I realized my burger didnt have BBQ sauce, I had to wait over 10 minutes for him to come back in our area, make eye contact and ask if we needed anything else. Fries are basic freezer to fryer shitty fries. Is it really that hard to slice a fresh potato and fry it?The beer: Because, lets be honest, this is why we came. HORRIBLE. I enjoy a craft beer. Especially a local craft beer. Just because you buy a brew pub does not mean you are a brewer. You guys need to clean up your brewing or you're in trouble. We didnt even finish our first pint!!!! Literally the worst craft beer I've ever had.Location: This is where the 1 star comes from. This is a great location with a pretty sick patio. However, I dont think its enough to save these guys.....I dont see going back to this spot until it changes ownership again which inevitably, it will.
3	If you are near the stadium and need a drink and some people watching, Mad Hatter (formally Dave's Electric) is a decent option (and frankly there aren't a whole lot of choices in this area unless you want to make the trek to Mill) The beers on tap have changed, the menu is basically the same with a few simple changes. Happy hour is $1 off drafts, wells and $2 off appetizers (hummus plate, nachos, quesadilla etc). The bar tenders are always cool, easy to talk to and knowledgable about the beer, couple that with the great view of the side walk off College and Veteran's Way and you have a cool spot to chill after a long day/week/hour/meeting.....you get the idea.
2	I liked this place better when it was Electric Dave's.  Menu is basically the same with a few changes and deletions.  It is really pricey, though. Went there yesterday and got a veggie burger and an iced tea (it was lunch) and it was $13 and some change.  So,with tip, $16 for lunch.  Sorry Mad Hatters, I can pay a bit more and eat at House Of Tricks and get a gourmet meal.  Maybe that is why I was one of two people in there at the time.  I gave two stars because the bartender/waiter was attentive and the burger was good (not great).
3	Little bar near ASU Sun Devil Stadium.  The place is probably fun during game days but I have never seen it busy at night...  The beer I tried was good, but didnt make up for the [lack of] atmosphere.
2	The place only rates one star but gave them a second star just because they have some other beers available besides their own terrible ones that don't taste like toefungus. Food was average at best. as was the service.  One would have hoped a repackeaged Electric Dave's would improve itself but alas it hasn't.  Plenty of other options on Mill Ave or Four Peaks that are so much better.  Just a matter of time before this place closes it doors.
4	I've always liked this place. The staff is always friendly. Not the largest selection of beers on tap, but the ones they do have are always good. The food is dependable. The outside bar has a great ambiance, and it's a great location for people watching  on a cool evening. Plus being off mill, it doesn't get overcrowded.
2	Mad Hatter has a good location: right by Sun Devil Stadium, right on a light rail stop. There's a nice patio. But, when you go here, you think of three or four small changes that would make this place great. The way it is today, it merits an "okay"  or under rating. The beer style is British, which is fine. However, if you want hops-bursting-out-of-the-glass beers, this is disappointing. The food is very generic (burgers, chicken sandwiches, fries, and the like), not particularly well executed, and priced about $2.50 too high. The staff is pretty good, but it's pretty hard to keep good bartenders and servers when business is so slow. There's just nothing that makes me recommend this place to friends.EDIT: They no longer brew beer at this location. I walked by while the brew equipment was being removed. Pretty sad, I think having a little brewery was one of the owner's dreams.
1	So, this used to be Dave's Electric Brewpub. It was OK at that time. Now that it has changed hands...again, so many times...Whatever, taken on its own merits, this place sucks. Plastic cups, plastic utensils...but not a discount price. $6 for a crappy breakfast burrito. I have had better burritos from a frozen wrapper. They were out of most of the drinks, champagne for mimosas, most of the beers. I see the end looming.I wonder what crappy place is going to be here next.
4	Another quick beer to check things out, but the 4 stars is for CORN HOLE. Yes, a cornhole game in Tempe. Loved this game which I first discovered in the Midwest before it became popular everywhere. This bar is like a long skinny place, still it fits in live music, a large patio, cornhole and a nice bar where you can sit half inside and half outside. Of course, it is the closest bar to the sports facilities, so post or pre game, this is a good place to get things going drinking wise. Huge props for the cornhole! Bud lights are $4 in this place and all specials require a college ID.
4	I like Mad Hatter.It's close enough to campus for me to walk over for a pint in between classes.  The food is consistent.  Not earth shattering, but good.They have a good selection of beer.  And it seems as though they rotate them out from time to time. Which is nice, variety is the spice of life you know.The bartenders have always been friendly, as well as the other patrons.  Very laid back. Which I like.
4	Mad Hatter Brew Pub is a fantastic place to enjoy the Tempe/ASU area. They have really great beer and a nice patio in the right season. The only reason I give 4/5 stars is because the location is a bit small and parking can be hard but I am in the minority as most Patrons probably walk or light rail around. If you have not had the opportunity I highly suggest Mad Hatter for a pint.
1	Why do they call this a brew pub if they don't brew their own beer?  Food was marginal. Grilled cheese was cold and didn't look like it was grilled and hardly any cheese.  The tomato soup as a side was cold.  My chicken sandwich was more bread than chicken.  They only had one amber beer left in a bottle, so we had to choose who was getting the beer. Would not go back again.
5	Atmosphere was prefect to watch football lots of TVs has a great indoor/outdoor space. We had a flatbread pizza which was good as well. Would recommend.
1	I have been to Mad Hatter a few times. The first couple of times, it was only to order a beer off tap, so it is impossible to judge an experience off of that. However, I recently visited this establishment and ordered a few drinks and food, and the experience was so bad I was inclined to write this review (look at my account, I barely ever do this). The drink (an AMF) was the worst I had ever had, and I am used to $1 drinks at the Vine that taste like top shelf in comparison to this $6 concoction. The nachos were average at best, but the service was horrific. I was one of only a handful of patrons at the bar, and the server/bartender could have easily come to my table to take my order or to see if I was happy. Instead, I had to go to the bar to ask for things constantly. And when I asked for more lemons, he refused my request and made fun of me for wanting lemons. Way to treat a guest. I think it may have been the owner's son. He was white, tall and had brown hair. He looked like it was painful for him to be here, he probably only works there because his dad owns the joint and he can't find work anywhere else, which isn't surprising with that work ethic. Needless to say, I did not leave a tip, and I will never be coming back. What a shame, I live right by ASU. Avoid at all costs!
3	My husband and I went here last night (and the fact that we are married probably indirectly implies that we were  the oldest people there) but I was instantly enamored because they were playing Greenday, circa 1994. While probably no one else there knew that Billie Joe used to have a nose ring, purple hair, no eye liner and look oh so cute, I will forever have great appreciation and affection for Basket Case. Anyway, we were drawn to this restaurant by Groupon and the beer selection.  The outdoor seating was a plus because nothing beats a cocktail, except for a cocktail on a patio.  This restaurant is blocks away from the main drag though, so I think in normal conditions, people watching would be sub-par.  However, last night was not normal conditions -- it was coincidentally also the night of the underwear run, which, from what I could gather, is a run (race?) exclusively of college students, wearing nothing but underwear.  We saw a collection of interesting underwear pass our table...and while some may find a butt cheek to be unappetizing during dinner, I found it amusing - paired with the trivia questions offered on a 5-10 minute interval from the bar staff, dinner was nothing short of entertaining. And while the menu was typical of what you would expect from a bar, I think the food was tasty and well priced.  I had chicken and my husband had a burger. The french fries were widely cut and as he described, "perfect, and spiced somehow."   We also had chips and salsa.  The salsa was spicy and the chips were extra salty (I love salt).I give this place 5 stars for music and 3 stars for food and drink. I like the large patio and both inside and outside seating at the bar...but I think without the underwear run, it may have been a little boring on the people watching scale.
1	Had a Amazon Local deal for this place which is close to my office.........so we thought we would try.  All the Sodas were flat.........food was disgusting..........my wife's salmon had 7-10 bones still in it.  I would never bother to go back and I would think this dump will close soon anyway...........oh and the bathroom had an overwhelming odor of sewage.Avoid
1	Bought a Groupon and have never been able to use it as this place does not appear to still be open. Most recently, I tried on a Saturday night at 7:00 PM-Closed!  I have tried to call and verify their hours and reach a message with "Mailbox Full."  Also appears that they last updated their website over a year ago so no help there. Don't waste your time with this place.
1	My son and I drove 10 miles to try it out (I had a Groupon I bought just a couple of days ago) and they were closed at lunchtime. Tried calling. Got "full mailbox." What gives?By the way, The street is heavily under construction. Where are you supposed to park?
2	I cannot recommend this place because of the poor quality of service. The staff members I encountered did not seem to want to be there.  When I asked for a menu, the bartender was rude, and had to wait 30+ minutes to order.  Not a problem if it was busy, but if its not I expect faster service.  I wouldn't really care to come back, 30+ minutes for an ordinary beer!  The price is not competitive, and neither is there service, so its better to head to Mill Avenue than hang around here.
2	Dear foodies,As many of you may know, I do not normally give a restaurant or bar less than 3 stars. I must give this place 3 stars because their beer selection is very limited and boring. The lemon drop martini that I ordered was prepared pretty well, but did not blow my hair back like at some other places. Lastly, the food... Well, as a foodie that loves to cook and explore in the kitchen, I was underwhelmed by the tasteless dough that they use for their flatbread pizzas. I have made better pizza at home than this place. I have never had such lackluster pizza in my life; I ordered the vegetarian pizza, which they claim has garlic, spinach, onion, tomatoes, etc without the "special topping." I requested that the "special topping" be placed on the side. The pizza came out and I asked the bartender, where is the garlic, she said that the garlic is only found in the "special topping." The "special topping" consist of garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper. How tacky and unappealing. Where are the real pieces of garlic? Also the other veggies present were scarce and lacked in flavor as well.I needed to wash down the nasty pizza and ordered a pumpkin pie vodka drink and that was yummy. But, no one could go wrong with this since it only consisted of pumpkin pie vodka, ice, and seltzer water.The live jazz band made the experience tolerable but I will never good back. I was initially excited since I had never been here prior to that night.Yikes!
