3	I'll be honest - I'm not a big patron of bookstores in general, or Christian bookstores specifically.  It's not that I don't read - or even that I don't read Christian books from time to time - but I'm more likely to buy something online.  But with Christmas approaching, I had to find something for my dad, and I had no idea what to get, so I needed to do some browsing, and Amazon just wasn't going to cut it.This store fit the bill pretty well - they had a large selection, and a decent amount of it was on sale.  I ended up with a bible trivia book.  Not too likely to be something that my dad would have picked out for himself (or even have read), and not so serious that we'd end up in a theological discussion on Christmas morning, yet not so trivial that it's disregarded either.Staff was friendly, if a bit heavy on the overselling of related merchandise, whatever it was (I tend to tune it out when they do that, so I really wasn't paying much attention).
3	This store carries most religious items available. The staff is very friendly and patient. I went to pick up the Susan Boyle CD for my mom and a Large print Bible.
5	I am in this shopping center every week and just stumbled across this store.  I needed a greeting card and the selection Dollar Tree was not to my liking.  Family Christian Store has cards so I don't have to make a special trip to a Hallmark location.  The store was about to close, so I didn't get a chance to peruse the many items available but I did pick up a contemporary Christian CD that I hope the kids will enjoy.  The staff members were busy stocking shelves with more merchandise so I will have to arrive at an earlier time to see what else they have available, although my eye caught a number of items that require further investigation!
4	Being a Christian, I really like this store. I've only been in here once to shop though.They have a really wide selection, and I love how creative their products are. I would definitely go back, but I haven't given it much thought unfortunately. As far as I'm concerned, the staff is nice.
