4	Buffets have come along way since I moved out of Las Vegas and yet I hold onto my love for the Garden Court. Part nostalgia, part longing for the world of buffets before $25+ price tags and sushi stations and chocolate dipped strawberries. I live in San Francisco now, so I don't come to Las Vegas for good food, obviously. But whenever I return, I can't resist the lunch buffet here.
4	I'm going to concur with Miriam on this one. This is definitely the best buffet in the downtown area, and has a pretty reasonable pricetag for the massive number of good quality items to which you have access.
3	The prices are low enough to lure diners downtown, but once you get them there you need to deliver the goods if you expect them to make a return visit. What we had at lunch one day - Chinese, Hawaiian, Mexican, and Southern specialties, wood-fired, brick-oven pizza, moist rotisserie chicken, and an array of delicious sides and salads - was tasty enough (and the chefs who man the prep stations entertaining enough) to convince us to come back for the Friday night seafood.  Big mistake. Everything was prepared one of three ways - undercooked, overdone, or greasy, and some of it smelled none too fresh. We suspected most of the accompaniments were luncheon leftovers. Even the desserts looked and tasted tired. Four stars for lunch, two stars for dinner (and a thumbs up for being one of the prettiest dining spots in town, with inlaid mosaic tile floors, elaborate floral displays, and tall windows that allow natural light to flood the room).
3	This is a great buffet--not in the same class as Bellagio but definitelythe best of the downtown choices. Can be very crowded at times,however. If there's more than 100 people in line,either try back in anhour or go somewhere else.
4	We came here for lunch just after we have arrived in Las Vegas. For the price, they have a lot of selection and the food tastes good. They have a viriety cuisines to choose form: Italian, America, Chinese, even Filipino food. I love their desserts, lots to choose from as well.
3	I like Main Street, but used to like it so much more. The buffet here used to be one of the best in Vegas, even compared with a Paris or Bellagio (obviously not in terms of size). Now, not so much but it's still the best downtown. Lots of things are still made fresh and in smaller portions than usual. This is good so your food isn't sitting on the steam table for hours. Being a Boyd Casino, you have lots of options for Asian food too. At breakfast, there's an omelette chef who really puts on a show. Basically, he can throw an egg over his head from his right to left, or vice versa, and catch it with the pan. Pretty impressive.
3	maybe it's reasonable ($15 for dinner) , and maybe it's the best you can find in the downtown LV area, but I thought the food quality could have been better and fresher looking.  The salad bar was weak, I had better lettuce in the Yosemite village cafeteria..  The only item i really liked was the Ahi Tuna Poke, which had good sized chunks of tuna and a nice garlicky/onion dressing.  The Kahlua Pork was bearable.  Everything else looked a little stale.
5	My favorite buffet in town, hands down.  It's reasonably priced, beautifully appointed, and it's downtown which is where I'm going to be hanging out anyway.Now, buffets is buffets is buffets, and unless you're going all out the one things that separates one from the other is freshness.  I've never had a bad experience here.  Of course, I get out to buffets maybe twice a year, and one of my earliest memories is of being at a terrible one at the Railroad Pass, so maybe my buffet expertise is lacking, but I say try this one.  OK?  Ok.
4	Along with the Cal, Main St caters to people from Hawaii, so there are going to be some local kine food associated with it.  This is probably the best buffet in the downtown area and is better than most buffets on the strip.  It is very reasonably priced as well.Along with the typical American fare, the Hawaiian/Asian specialties are a comfort for those from the Islands.  The Hawaiian specialties, although not the best you will find, is probably a touch better than you would find at your local L&L.  There is also a Mexican section and an Italian section.  The dessert selections are also pretty good.If you find yourself Downtown, this is a great choice.
4	Great buffet for downtown - and if youre on a Sam Boyd tour, its free or like $2.  Great selection of food - much better then at the California.I was appalled when a T-bone steak was too rare for my brother-in-law and they just tossed it out and said to get a new one when he asked for it to be heated.  The amount of food wasted must be ridiculous in the city of sin.
5	My experience here is based on the weekend "Champagne Brunch Buffet" for $10.  $10!!!  After being downtown you'd expect some real slop (downtown is fun, but not known for good food).  But this buffet is surprisingly good!  Now dont expect Wynn or Paris quality here, but its very  decent.  Good made to order omelette's,  good drink service, and amazing value.   If you are downtown in the morning/early afternoon on the weekends, dont miss this!
3	I've read that this is one of the best downtown, but we didn't think so at all.  I guess for ten bucks its pretty decent... but almost everything was pretty tasteless... not much spicey or flavor on any of the food.  We went once for dinner, and once for brunch ...  it was the exact same food both times, lol.The pizza was okay.. the 2nd time we came here, they sat us at a table where someone had just puked or had an accident (? they had hazmat gloves on while cleaning the table, not very appetizing... )  so maybe that kinda ruined it for us?Best part = a very short walk to 777 brewpub.. lol
4	Went here for the seafood buffet, $15.99, well worth it for las vegas fremont/downtown area. got in line 3:45pm it opened right at 4pm, so didn't wait long to get our table.went here specifically for the snow/crab legs, they were easy to crack (a little too soft, almost), had a little slit in each leg to make it easier to extract crab meat. lots were stocking up on the crab legs, but the staff kept replenishing the goods, didn't have to wait for the next batch ever. after 3 plates, went for one last plate of some baby back ribs, corn, collared greens, then finally blueberry cheesecake/ice cream for desert. waiter was very accomodating. didn't even have to ask, he brought extra napkins, a cracker, drinks were filled up, and a wipe for afterwards. tipped him 20%... don't expect a bellagio or rio buffet, but for the price it is very well worth it, it is much better than the fremont hotel paradise buffet down the way.
2	So disappointed!  I have been here a few times and the quality just seems to go down every time.  Me and the hubby don't normally come here on our own, only when family or friends visit and the don't want to leave the downtown area.There are plenty of different types of food to chose from, Chinese, Mexican, Pizza, Seafood, Southern, and even a bit of local Hawaiian.  When it comes to buffets, I'm notorious for trying a bit of everything that I think looks good.  I don't have any will-power.  Well, let me just say that 3 plates were taken and they looked full.  I think I took a bite of everything I had and I didn't really care for any of it.Yes, you can't beat the price, but it just didn't do it for me.  My wallet is sad now.
5	For the price (about 8 dollars per person), this can easily be the best value for your money if you're looking for a meal in Vegas.  While this place may not be on the strip, they have free convenient parking. The actual buffet area is pretty to look at, it reminds me of the lobby at the Venetian Hotel.  There are a great variety of foods, most of it high quality.  Don't expect high end foods like lobster or crab.  Expect good comfort food like fried chicken, corn on the cobb, great fried rice, good eggrolls, etc.  You will definitely feel full and you will get your money's worth.  The waitresses are friendly and food is fresh.  A definite winner when you get tired of paying 100 dollars for a steak and escargot on the strip.
3	Our first night in Vegas, I decided to take the man to Fremont Street since he had never been before. I hadn't been to Vegas in over 3 years and the last time I was here, we (this we means my Grandmother, Mother and Step-Father and an ex-boyfriend who shall not be named), we stayed at Binion's (The Grandmother loves those old time deals like 2 for 1 rooms), and ate at this buffet. I had actually eaten at this same buffet almost 7 years ago on another trip to Vegas with Grandma (just me this time and we stayed at The Plaza).Anyway, for $15.00 this is a huge meal and it is pretty decent with lots of options from all sorts of walks of life. Thursday happens to be steak and scampi night, so I had a little steak (nice flavor) and tons of delicious pineapple and other fresh fruits. This is not gourmet food by any stretch. Some things were great, other things (like the waaaayyy overcooked brussel sprouts) were a miss. If you happen to be downtown and don't want to do a $1.00 hotdog, McDonald's or the steakhouse at either The Horseshoe or The Plaza, stick with this buffet.
3	My first experience with Main Street Station's Garden Court Buffet was on St. Patrick's Day where I sat down for lunch.  During that time, they served up your standard corned beef and cabbage.I got another chance to check out this place the past weekend for their Saturday Champagne brunch.  Apparently, one of the gals from our group called  to find out what time their brunch buffet ended. She was told that it's done by 10:30 am.  So, you can imagine how silly it must have looked to see us girls running in to get there before the 10:30 mark.  (It's actually until 3 pm.)The main reason we were there were for their unlimited mimosas.  And for that, the Garden Court buffet served its purpose because our bachelorette girl had a very good buzz going on by the time we left.  Plenty of champagne and orange juice flowing to keep this soon-to-be bride happy and content.They had some unique sections, especially food hailing from the islands of Hawai'i.  Our token Hawaiian girl was oohing and aahing over their food selection, gorging on Kalua pig, saimin noodles, mac salad, Portuguese sausage, etc.They also had food hailing from Mexico, your standard breakfast fare of waffles, corned beef hash, ham, sausage, bacon, eggs, omelets made-to-order, etc.  Tons of dessert choices, although none of them intrigued me beyond the soft serve ice cream and toppings.Overall, it's not too bad of a spread for the price you pay.  It's not crazy busy either since it's downtown Vegas.
3	At $10.99/person for brunch, this place is the best bang for your buck if you're not one of those All-You-Can-Eat-Crab-Leg types. The food was not the best I've ever had, but far from the worst either. We went there for brunch and I actually ended up eating more of the Mexican and Asian options instead. This is definitely a local's delight-- but how can you blame 'em when you have bottomless Mimosas to boot?
4	The parents called and told me to meet them here.  It is located in the Main Street Station Casino.  So I just got back from dinner.  The Champagne brunch price is all day, but for dinner, there is no champagne.  I've been here  before for their seafood buffet which is a pretty good deal.  They serve Chinese, Mexican, Southern, Italian, and Haole food...LOL!  For those of you who don't know what that means, typical American comfort food.  I tried almost everything.  My favorites would have to be the Marsala pork chops, beef bourguignon, and Italian sausage.  I wasn't impressed with the orange chicken or the turkey in cream sauce.  The pineapple swordfish looked good, but I didn't get it.  Oh, just to be a little on the healthy side, I ate some collard greens which were great.  I had a slice of the beef brisket, which was a little tough. I was hoping for a turkey carving, but I guess that's where the turkey surprise came in.For dessert, coconut cream pie, banana cream pie, and custard pie.  I had a cannoli, but the pastry was soft instead of crispy.  I guess they were frozen before being served.  That was the only disappointment.  I did work out for an hour and a half before dinner.  I had to work off the breakfast buffet from this morning.  I should probably be walking around instead of writing, but if I don't do this now, I might not feel the same way later.  And besides, it's hella cold...it is currently 39 degrees and though that may not be cold for some, it's sure cold for me.The way the economy is going, most places have cut back on their staff, so these poor guys are running around working their asses off!  I'm glad I taught my parents well about tipping.
1	When I lived in Vegas, this was my favorite buffet. I guess we all have favorites in one form or another. The biggest favorite in my life is of course, food. I visited Vegas recently and decided that I wanted to have dinner with friends at Main Street Station Buffet (MSSB) on Christmas Eve. I soon discovered that this isn't the place you want to spend anytime at, no matter what the occasion. It was just that bad. The broccoli spears were ice cold and limp. Need I say more? All other fare left much to be desired and my table mates were not raving about much of anything either. For me the highlight of eating at MSSB used to be the bread pudding. Trust me, it's not the same. As we continued with our meal, a wave of guilt swept over me for even suggesting this place. I sought redemption and they ultimately forgave me.Once upon a time in Vegas, you could get a good buffet really cheap. Mainstreet remains one of the cheapest at about 10 bucks with all the rest approaching 20 or more. Can you imagine spending 20 bucks for a buffet? You don't even get table service except to clear your used plates and refill your drink, if you're lucky. That's what you have to do anymore to get any semblance off quality and MSSB has missed the boat
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Thank you fellow yelpers for the spot on reviews of this place.Cheap,decent and friendly. Best downtown buffet? I'm on a mission to find out!
2	There are a lot of selections at this buffet but many of them just weren't that good. I usually like to try a little bit of everything when I eat at a buffet. But as I walked down the line, nothing really looked that appetizing to me. I ended up having a lot of the chow mein, fried rice and the salmon. I'm trying to remember some of the other stuff I ate, but I can't. There just wasn't anything that memorable. Though, I do remember the cute girl in gray that was sitting a few tables away. But even she can't save this place from a two star review.
5	I have 2 favorite things about this Buffet. 1-The Lemon Meringuen Pie 2-The Omelet Man on Weekends. Seriously you get so much for your money here and in the times we are in now this is perfect. I've been to this buffet for breakfast//brunch a total of maybe 4-5 times and the omelet man (who shares the same birthday as me...yes we've had pre omelet serving conversation) remembers how I like my omelet and if he sees me before I go to him I will get to him and it will be done! Perfection!!! The staff...well the wait staff has always been super nice and attentive. And the food though not phenomenal is worth the trip.
3	The Main Street Station Buffet is a decent buffet to check out while in Vegas. While not as high end or wow'ing as some of the newer and more fancier fare on the strip, it does offer decent food and at a good price. The buffet offers a really good selection and they have a really good seafood night and a pretty good prime rib night as well. In either case, the food selection is wide ranging and you are bound to find something to meet you pallet.Service is good and the wait staff is really attentive to making sure your needs are taken care of.
3	I thought the buffet was good, lots of variety. When we got there, there was a huge line when i got there. It was $15.99 a person so it was not bad. About a good 10 minutes and we finally got to pay. Then there was a 3 minute wait to get to a table because it was crowded. There was a Asian food section, salad section, seafood section, friend section, dessert section, pizza section...etc. There were a couple others, but i forgot. I started off with a big salad with blue cheese dressing. Then i have some pasta with a red clam sauce. The sauce was not very good so i didn't very much of that. I had some fried and baked chicken, and other assortments of food. They have a self-serve yogurt machine so that was awesome. Overall, like i said before, it was okay. I wish the food tasted better and i would have gone back for 3rds. Right now i feel hungry because i didn't want to stuff myself with OK food. It was Friday night so i think it was crab legs night so i got a plate of those to try and get my money's worth. The legs were hard to open so it was a pain in my ass to eat the crab. Also i forgot that the desserts were meh. The little cakes and stuff were probably from boxes from a freezer because it wasn't very tasty. cheap asses. :)
4	This is Downtown Vegas buffet dining on a budget.  I came here twice for breakfast and was surprised by the selection and quality of the items.  I'm a very picky, generally healthy eater, and I was still able to stick to my good eating habits here.  My favorites were:-baked chicken-baked yams -fruit platter (especially the cantaloup!)-fried rice-guacamoleThey've got a bit of everything in this buffet, from Chinese food, an omelette station, and Southern cooking.  It's a great mish mash for the price.  Don't expect anything on the level of the Paris or Bellagio buffets, but do expect to stuff yourself and leave with a happy wallet.
5	I've eaten here for breakfast and brunch and have been impressed by the place and the quality of the food. Breakfast was $6.99 before 11am. Best breakfast buffet I've ever had period. Went here on a weekend and had the brunch with family at $9.99 and it was a bargain considering the superb service and food. Yes this place is a steal. But for the price and the quality of the food. You can't beat. If your downtown check this place out.BTW check out a piece of the Berlin wall in the men's bathroom....
4	This place was recommended to us for our first trip to the "old" strip. We went in there all jaded, wondering secretly what kind of dinner we would get for a measly $13... Well we were very surprised at the HUGE selection of food they had. They were mostly American favorites- meat, potatoes, veggies, salads, small Chinese section, ribs, and great desserts. We were full once again. The line was long but fast. The German Chocolate cake was AMAZING!! Not to be missed.
5	The past two times I visited Vegas, we hit the champagne brunch (Sat & Sun) and were not disappointed.  First off, the room the buffet is in is just really NICE.  It's decorated to resemble a turn of the century train station and is very pretty.  Definitely feels nicer than the $13 or whatever the insanely low price is for the champagne brunch.Secondly, both times we've had amazing service.  Your drink never empties, and that includes your champagne.  If you come to a champagne brunch looking to get loaded this is definitely your place.The food here is pretty good.  There is a massive selection for the brunch, with Chinese, Mexican, soul food, standard American stuff, standard breakfast stuff, and a big salad bar.  We thought it was all really fresh and well-made.Bonus: if you look online you can probably find a 2-for-1 coupon!  You just have to be a member of the player's club.
4	WILL RECOMMEND TO OTHERS!Upon 3 visits to Las Vegas, stayed here twice.  All the locals (from Hawaii) can usually be found here.  Nothing like everything on the strip, but great for the amount of money you pay.  Only ate there on regular nights and seafood nights.  Never left unsatisfied.  Great selection, great deal for you money!
3	We visited on a weeknight to use a 2-for-1 coupon. It's an okay buffet but definitely hit-or-miss; for example, the barbecued ribs might have been passable except for being stone cold. The sausage on the carving station looked gorgeous but was only so-so. The meat of the fried chicken was perfect but the coating was mediocre. I wish I had tried the baked chicken instead. There wasn't any prime rib or shrimp. The hot wings were okay.The highlights were the surprisingly good soup and the Hawaaian items which are on the very far end of the buffet from the entrance. We had very tasty kalua pork (slow cooked seasoned pork with cabbage) which they ran out of early in the evening; oxtail stew, which this casino is famous for and which I was glad to try; manapua pork buns; and really good steamed rice. After the kalua pork was gone, they brought out chicken with cellophane noodles in some kind of greenish sauce; it looked interesting but by then I was full. There were Chinese and Mexican selections which looked...buffet-y. The salad bar is okay but not hugely extensive. The fresh pineapple and other fruit looked good but we passed on that. The desserts were standard for buffet desserts.
4	I have eaten at the breakfast buffet many times.  I really enjoy the omlet station, polish sausage, biscuits and gravy, waffles, and even the cream of wheat.  The lunch buffet had excellent brisket, turkey, mash potatoes, and collard greens. I really like to old fashioned decor.
4	Ton's of food for only 7.99!  That's awesome.  I tried the Fremont buffet the night before!  Main Street has 3 times the selection and only for an additional 50cents!Tried the pizza, fried chicken, baked chicken, and almost stopped eating until I realized they were serving brisket!  Damn...that was awesome.  I also ended up getting two desserts...cheesecake and a tira misu.
4	Good food, good service, good price.  It's also fun getting away from the strip to the older part of Vegas.  We've been here for the dinner buffet twice, once in August '08, most recently in December '09.  Both times we were totally satisfied and would definitely go back.  We came here the first time after our van driver from the airport told us this was the best reasonably priced buffet in town.  Sometimes the locals know best.
5	We came here for the Sunday Champagne Brunch and it was fantastic. There was a huge selection of great food, and our awesome server kept the mimosas coming even faster than I could drink them; as soon as my glass was half-empty, he'd bring out another. Absolutely unbeatable value. But pencil in a siesta for later.
4	We came on saturday morning expecting to have breakfast but it was Champagne Brunch.We don't drink that early in the morning so it was a bit of a waste of money.The decor is very nice.above average.the ceiling has french style cream colored painted wrought ironwork.They have an Omlet bar,pretty good dessert station,the chinese food was actually more authentic than I expected(they had roast pork & sweet sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves)if you not familiar with this dish then you might try to eat the leaves...DON'T! you're supposed to unwrap it & only eat the pork & rice inside.I've been to a another chinese buffet where they have to put out a small sign telling customers not to eat the leaves. LOL they had Kalua Pork with Cabbage in the Chinese food section( it's Hawaiian,not Chinese but kind of close but technically not)The server we had was very friendly and chatty...we're from out of town & she told us about local places to shop at.This buffet is a very good value but not way over the top.
3	I used to love this place.   But, I don't know now.  I had some really bad dessert.  It was just so disappointing, I don't know if I can go back.  Sam Boyd's resorts have not been known for their food.It used to be a sweet spot, but the buffets on the Strip have improved and the off-Strip places have either lowered their prices or have raised their quality.Great decor and probably the best buffet still Downtown.
5	Pretty big place that has great food! I'd say that this place is better than the Golden Nugget Buffet that I went to on the other night. This buffet is so much cheaper like only $6 or $7 and has a variety of delicious foods. I literally stuffed my gut until I couldn't anymore because everything looked so good especially the desserts :] I think this buffet was voted the best buffet in Downtown Las Vegas! ( It's on a billboard somewhere :P) You should definitely give it a try if you're in the downtown area! Just a short walk from the Fremont Street Experience.
4	Well, its not the largest buffet or have the best of everything.  I will have to say that its very good for the price.  There isn't that long of a line like the others too.  Some things can be better like the prime rib but hey it was cheap. Some other things might look like they have been sitting out for a bit. Great if you in the area or if you down on your luck and want a decent meal.  Heard its voted one of the best buffet in vegas.
5	Long lines, but the people are nice and the food is hearty. Recommended!
4	This was an awesome buffet for the price. Lots of good "home style" foods, such as hot dogs and mac'n'cheese, just to name a few. Lunch on a Tuesday was $8.95. The only thing we didn't understand was the huge line up yet the restaurant was half empty. Another hostess and/or cashier would have helped. We would return when we did our Fremont st visit.
4	My cousin is the buffet king and loves a bargain. Really his family are buffet people and they told me this is one of their favorites and had to take me. Okay so I go with my cousin for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised. There was some good prime rib and lamb roast at the carving table that was cooked perfectly. There was a beef in a wine sauce that was not bad at all, and in the back was a Hawaiian section which had kalua pork and oxtail stew that was surprisingly good. Collard greens and bbq chicken legs also were pretty good. I don't put much faith into buffets specially anything in the $10-15 range, but okay I can see why locals like this. It actually did have some food I thought was good. It isn't Wynn or Bellagio, but it's better than any lower priced buffet I've had so far. Mom in Law and Gma like the buffets for prime rib and arent heavy eaters...I think I should try to bring them here as other spots, the only factor is the prime rib is decent and the rest is kinda blah (Station Casinos, Sams Town)....I can't ever justify having two people who eat like birds and really just eat prime rib to go to the Wynn with us. This buffet though, might make em happy.
3	Let's make things nice and sparkling clear okay?   I am not putting this on a grading curve.  I'm not comparing this buffet to any on the strip.  I'm basing this on my sole experience with MSS's buffet.This buffet is average.  The food is fresh and edible.  The service is meh.  The selection is alright.Pro's: -Price.  I had lunch for $7.99.  If you want buffets on the strip you'll be paying double that.  Breakfast price and special dinner buffet prices are low too.-Location.  Main Street Station is one of the few casinos downtown with well marked signs.  Finding the buffet isn't difficult, neither is the interior set-up.  The place is actually well designed.-Food selection.  I will say, not much here caught my eye.  Even though I'm not comparing this buffet to the strip ones.......I'll use an example.  The selection isn't Bellagio or Wynn like.  Then again, it's not Luxor/Excalibur/Circus Circus/Imperial Palace like either.  They had a good selection of stuff to eat, not much that I desired though.-Deserts.  I have to say, the deserts were pretty good.  I think I've had a fair amount of buffets and can say that they are the highlight of the buffet in my opinion.Cons:-Service.  The waiter/bus boy I had was nice, but he was easily distracted.  Think of a 10 year old with ADD.  "Why, yes sir I'll get you that diet coke............HEY LOOK A SQUIRREL!"  Nice guy, but not too focused on his job.  He only had a few tables so maybe he was just bored.  I'd be bored doing his job too though.-Beet Salad.  I am not Dwight Schrute.  I don't see how anyone would eat this.  After being there for 45 mins and walking by again and seeing it still untouched......the others in the buffet agreed with me it seems.-Pizza.  I usually can tell how a buffet is going to be by their pizza.  Yes, it sounds insane......but it's true.  The pizza here is average.  That's not a good thing.  If they improved the basics, they'd be able to get better results.  Overall:Not too much to complain about.  I'll be staying here over the 4th of July weekend and I'll be gracing this buffet again.  The food isn't going to be superb.......but we only need food for energy and such so I can't complain too much.  At least it's not Imperial Palace!
4	Came to this place after seeing good review on Internet and how pleasantly surprised I was! The place is spacious, clean, and full of choices in  Italian, Mexican, Mandrin styles. People are very nice and food is hearty! It is much much more than what you can expect for a sub-$10 price tag. I'd definitely recommend to my friend and come back again!
3	Went to their champagne brunch on a Saturday- the service was excellent. Our server was very friendly and refilled our champagne/coffee/oj everytime the glass became half full. The quality of food wasn't on par with the strip buffets, but you get what you pay for. I definitely left full and replaced my hangover with a good buzz.
4	This is Vegas buffet... But way better!! The waitress was chill and actually came around quite often. The Portuguese sausage & peppers were yummy! I wish I had room in my tummy to have a little of everything.  $10.99 for Sat & Sun champagne brunch is the best deal in Vegas. I can't wait to come back for the seafood buffet (Thursdays I believe) and the prime rib on Fridays. Bring your appetite and loose fitting clothing!
3	The seafood buffet is a good value for the money...but I had been told that it was as good as the Rio Seafood buffet, which it definitely is not.But its 1/2 the price as the Rio and given the price difference, I would recommend Main Street over the Rio.Crab was excellent as were the Oysters....
4	Best bang for your buck Buffet and delicious too. I take all my friends there and they agree it was the best buffet to start the Vegas experience.
4	The best buffet in downtown. This buffet has most of the common foods you see at regular buffets. It's much cheaper than the buffets on the Strip. If you like normal buffets, this one the best bet. However, don't expect food that you see at the Bellagio and Wynn buffets.
4	We tried this place for a late lunch/early dinner.  The price was cheap and the food excellent.  We attempted to sample all of the food served and everything we tried was delicious.  I was only able to eat two plates and some of their desserts (great selection - they also have sugar free options).  I only wish that I was able to try everything but was unable b/c I was so full!
4	I've come here twice now for their Sunday champagne brunch and I love it!  Esp since it's only $10.99!!!  I usually stick to breakfast foods for brunch and it's great here: omelette station (yum), hash browns, eggs benedict (which were meh the last time I was here but surprisingly tasty on my last trip), pancakes, waffles, french toast, bacon, sausage, yummy, yummy, yummy!!!  Oh, and they had this portuguese sausage or something that was very tasty.  They also served a wide variety of lunch foods, though I didn't try any of them.  There was a mexican station, asian station, hot dogs, and I dunno what else.  And the deserts!  More yum yum yum!  The deserts were better than at the Paris buffet (where I'd had dinner a couple nights prior).  I had a slice of key lime pie AND a slice of cheesecake (and I wanted to get some blueberry pie but I refrained) and they were both delicious!  Service was excellent both times I was here.  When I was here a couple years ago with a group of adults, they just kept bringing us more and more champagne!  We weren't even asking for it, we weren't even finished with the first round!  It was just an endless flow of booze!  (The servers all seemed to be in a great, festive mood.)  This time, we didn't get that, but no one was drinking and there were BABIES in my party (vegas, save me!).  This is just a fabulous buffet, esp for the price, with a large selection and tasty food!
4	Met up some friends here for Prime Rib night and everything we had was delicious.The prices are very reasonable and there's so much to choose from. They have a great garden salad section, desserts galore, a Mexican food station, Asian food station and much more.The service was good too. Our waiter was nice and very prompt.
4	Main Street Station, tucked away behind the Cal (California Casino) and right next to the Plaza, is one of the nicer casinos on or near Fremont Street in Downtown..  What I usually do is park my car at the Cal, get a good 4 hr validation and walk over to Main Street for the buffet via the skywalk to save time, money, and avoid the heat by walking outside...  Main Street has a parking lot but it's outdoors, so I prefer Cal's option much better...So...when I was younger I remember going to Circus Circus to have their super cheap buffet!  (for those of you near Vegas I'm sure you've been there and done that too!  Circus Circus was the bomb when we were kids and thought the buffet was great until we grew up and out of it)  Well, Main Street offers a buffet that has the price of Circus Circus, but the food is actually comparable to those on the strip.  Granted it's no Bellagio but food is probably as good as I say Harrah's, Monte Carlo, etc... so it's definitely no slouch when it comes to the quality.  Went during the weekend for Sunday Brunch and it cost us $10.99 with free flowing mimosa if requested!So what makes this place that good?  First, the decor...  For a downtown casino it's got a grand feel to the buffet as it has a really nice european setting...  A few statues here, 30 ft high ceiling with stained glasses and windows, I believe there may also be a fountain inside the buffet, etc... real nice touch!The buffet layout was very nice as well.. wide open, lots of seating, easy buffet lines to get your food as the line goes from right to left starting with salads and ends with desserts.Variety was also terrific as they had everything from salads, pizza, soup, 3 varieties of eggs, country fried steak, roast chicken, steam corn, omelette station, bbq ribs, enchiladas, nachos, orange chicken, bbq pork buns, lau lau pork, etc.... a wide variety which I couldn't name them all but selection is awesome for it's price....Here are the notables..... prime rib brisket was off the hook!  Meat looked dry yet when it gets into your mouth it literally falls apart... Roast chicken was moist like it just took a shower without much oil (which should be the case), lau lau pork has a terrific smokey flavor which I have not had in other Hawaiian places making it a very nice treat, and some chicken wing dishes (Asian) had the most juiciest chicken wings available!  Just overall a awesome meal when you are not thinking of paying $20+ on the strip as this is a great alternative.  They even have ice cream cones you can self serve and the vanilla ice cream was tasty yet not overly sweet.  A great end to a nice meal!Service provided were pretty superb as well.  Our drinks were consistently topped and plates were removed promptly so there were no complaints here.  So guarantee worth your $14 with tip!One fun side note.. after eating do make sure you visit the restroom at this place...(I'm thinking of washing your hands after the meal what were you thinking???)  But for the guys restroom do take a look at a piece of Berlin wall that is used to hold up the urinals.  It's sort of all to see a piece of history while you do your business....  Only in Vegas!
4	Ah how time flies.. shockingly it's been over a year since I wrote a review. I  was surprisingly happy to a new discovery on buffets... a downtown buffet. A first for me. Being a Native in Vegas, I'm skeptical on how good the quality and taste of the food is in downtown, but no need to worry when you have yelpers to help you decide if it's something worth checking out. So after reading a few reviews giving it 4 stars... my daring date and I gave it a try. Here's the conclusion:Impressed... very very impressed. Being a busy weekend and all... the line wasn't forever long to where we had to wait for eternity to eat. A few minutes later and we were already in front. And luckily we came on Prime Rib Night YESSS Siiiir. Every Saturday!! I haven't ate that for awhile and was pleased that was on the menu. Our server.. I believe Gilbert? was very kind and had impeccable guest service. Our drinks were refilled when needed, always checked up on us to see if we needed anything, asked if we needed any sauces for our entrees, if we needed coffee for dessert. I mean he was on point and I absolutely love service like that. For service, I give him 5 bright stars! *sparkle sparkle...We first went to the salad bar... I was doubting that area since the lettuce didn't look crisp or fresh... BUT let me reassure you.. anything at this buffet don't judge it by the way it looks... because you might miss the very thing that was actually Delicious. Everything... at the salad bar section was unbelievably GOOD. Usually at buffets, the salad bars are average, not much taste to tickle your fancy.. but low and behold their crab salad, pasta salad, and even the antipasto salad ( my fav. ) tasted Fresh, Light, and quite Flavorful, but not overwhelming. Even the low-fat Italian dressing had flavor that bounced off your tongue. My last impression was... Refreshing!!Main courses.. I started out in the Soul Food section, because I was eyeing the baked yams that you actually peel the skin from instead of the canned kind. So soothing, tasty, and warm! Loved the Collard Greens.. perfect in taste, Fried Chicken was juicy and the skin.. I know it's not good for you, but just to let you know... it was crispy and seasoned well. I mostly eat the skin, because anything crispy is the most delicious part to me. Sadly, the cornbread which I am a huge fan of was dry and crumbled from biting into it. Darn... but that's alright. There's more great selection to choose from.Round 2: A slice of heaven... My favorite: Prime Rib :) They had all the condiments that goes with it: horseradish ( the hot textured and mild milky kind), dipping sauce, cranberry sauce to cool off the heat. It was scrumptious, tender, and juicy. Even my date's slice looked dry, but he told me it was moist and perfect. We both rave about their mashed potatoes... real potato mashed not the instant powdered kind. It tasted like homemade cooking... it wasn't too rich or creamy.. it just left a flavor of wanting more. It was so good that even after trying to attempt to have a bite of everything... I wanted to end it with having seconds. My mind was constantly reminding me... "hey hey now remember to make room for Prime Rib again!!!" Just that made my night.Round 3: Asian Section... my mum told me later that night that they have raw oysters in a small cup covered with sauce right by the sushi section. I must have missed it... Darn again. That's the first on my list when I go back there... she told me not many ppl know it's there.. yea like ME!?! Ugh. Well don't get discouraged by the looks of the Oxtail Stew, it was a soup for the soul. Very comforting and delicious... the oxtail meat was soft and almost like they cooked it for hours on end. Like I said before.. it may look unappealing, but the taste sure makes up for it. Fried Rice was moist and fluffy... Chow mein was like eating dry, ramen noodles not so good, but the cabbage cooked in there was tasty. Orange Chicken was too zesty for my taste buds and was over cooked. I did pick the small nuggets versus the chunkier portions since I like one bite wonders... but it was tough like a rock. They have a cucumber salad in the sushi section...very refreshing and tangy...loved it. I skipped Italian and Mexican food..only because I was getting overly full that I couldn't taste anything anymore even when I wanted to. I wanted to try the fresh pineapples and watermelon... desserts... But no room in my tummy. I did have one slice of sausage  :) It was decent and good. I have to say there were a lot more selections I wanted to try, but didn't want to push myself to where I'll be hurting later... I was at a point where I could barely breathe. Yeah.. that's how I get down and clean plate. My date quit after Round 2!!! But at least he tasted the dessert... cheesecake he said tasted old, but the rice pudding was good. Also he enjoyed the Tofu soup and Hot Chicken Wings ( literally spicy hot, but yummy). Best Deal for Buffet! Def. be back !
4	I cannot believe they did not have oxtails on the buffet.  I came here on steak night so maybe that was the reason. Visually this place is very nice.  It has been rated as one of the best value buffet's in Las Vegas and it still is.  They cater to Hawaiians and this makes the food here very exotic to a Midwestern guy.  Fired chicken, to pulled pork and everything in between.  Good salad bar good Italian, Asian, and down home.  They had turnip greens on the buffet and they were great.  They also have an extensive dessert area I don;'t do sugar but they did look good.  I checked out the bread pudding for Stephanie in case she eats here and she will be happy.
4	I cannot believe they did not have oxtails on the buffet.  I came here on steak night so maybe that was the reason. Visually this place is very nice.  It has been rated as one of the best value buffet's in Las Vegas and it still is.  They cater to Hawaiians and this makes the food here very exotic to a Midwestern guy.  Fired chicken, to pulled pork and everything in between.  Good salad bar good Italian, Asian, and down home.  They had turnip greens on the buffet and they were great.  They also have an extensive dessert area I don;'t do sugar but they did look good.  I checked out the bread pudding for Stephanie in case she eats here and she will be happy. This buffet goes by two differnet names so it gets the same review.
1	The last few times we have gone there, it seems the level of service has been dropping. Last time, I didn't get a refill until I tracked down a hostess and told her I hadn't gotten a refill since I got there. The waiter proceeded to bring me 2 drinks at once and didn't come back again.
2	I missed getting there in time for lunch & was so hungry as I had not eaten all day that I decided to try the Dinner Buffet. I basically ended up paying double ($15) for what they typically had served for lunch. I wasnt very impressed. First off, the lighting was deplorable and made it near impossible to read the USA Today I bought from the gift shop. It was this "dim beige" hue and didnt go well even if I had not had the paper.Secondly, the quality of the selections wasnt good at all. The Lo-Mein noodles had a texture of badly cooked ramen noodles (I say "RAY-Men Noodles not "Raa-men). Several of the other items seemed to follow in this manner such as the Steamed Green Beans, Hawiian Pulled pork, Collard Greens, etc...Overall the items lacked any "kick" and came off as bland to me.Also there was no sushi which was a disappointment :(On the good side, the BBQ ribs, while fatty, were very good as was the Blackened Pork Chops (I had 2 big ones so I guess so!!).The Chinese Pepper Steak was just OK and again lacked the kick of spices added to it. I didnt try any of the Mexican or Italian offerings but they DID look appealing to the eye.The HIGHLIGHT of it all has to go to the COCONUT CREAM PIE!! It was good and how I managed to have only 1 slice was a testament to my self control. While it could have been colder than the room temperature it was, it was still VERY good and I had some soft serve Vanilla Ice cream beside it with mini M&M's, nuts & other toppings.While I would not go back for Dinner again, I probably will go back to see how the lunch is just to give them another chance, as well as try the Seafood Night. In closing, I might add that the waitstaff was very nice and efficient and the wait in line at opening was a moderate 7 minutes and thinned out to "No Waiting" within a half hour of being there. Also, despite the lighting the place was a very nice, open and comfortable setting.
4	I stumbled across this little gem whilst trying to figure out where we'd be going for the champagne brunch buffet on Sunday morning. The usual suspects were the Spice Market and Bellagio buffets, and while they're decent, we weren't in the mood for long lines - especially considering that my friend decided to go and break a leg, literally. Seeing how this place had some solid reviews, combined with the $10.99 (!!!!) price tag, we figured it definitely warranted a chance. We got to the buffet around noon and there was no line and we were seated immediately. There were a good amount of people inside. The buffet consisted of an omelette and breakfast station, southern and mexican food, a soup and salad bar and a dessert station. The food that I did try was quite good - although I'm sure my expectations weren't that high to begin with. The cinnamon rolls were fresh and amazing. The only downside - the desserts sucked. All of them. Also, the buffet included champagne, and many mimosas were had. Our server wasn't very attentive on the refills, though, and we'd see her chatting it up and have to wave her down. All in all, I'd come back, both for the price and not having to wait in a long ass line. (And the champagne, of course.)
5	This place is great. Great price, great food, great atmosphere.The perfect place to eat while visiting downtown.
3	Garden Court Buffet at Main Street Station is a good/large Buffet for the price and for a Downtown hotel.This Buffet is very long, it has OK food, but they have Steak/Prime rib special and Seafood Buffets on weekends which upgrade the buffet more...they have American, BBQ, Asian, Mexican,Hawaiian type choices....This place serves Kalua Pork/Ox Tail/stew, Japanese sticky rice along w/ BBQ ribs,chicken, beef.....Big dessert area including soft serve station....Big Open space....Nothing glamorous but  roomy and pretty clean....
4	The best buffet in downtown however it's the only one I tried. Lol. This buffet has most of the common foods you see at regular buffets. Not as big as the strip buffets nor exotic. But it's cheaper, and if you're in Vegas you must try atleast one buffet in downtown and it should be in one.I can't remember what i had since my visit was in 2008
1	My son and I ate dinner here on 12/23/10. The original plan was to buffet at the Bellagio or Wynn but then I came up with the idea that since the man-child hadn't been to Vegas since he was about 8, it would be better if he tried out the more modest venues in stuffing-one's-face so he wouldn't be too "spoiled" or something like that in these days of particular hardship. (Yeah, ok, well whatever).  He's a good sport and agreed to try this place since reviews were mixed and not too horrible. And their "Steak/Scampi" Thursday night special also helped convince him.Line wasn't too long. Signed up for their players club so dinner was about $18 each. Friendly, quick server to take our drink orders. The "scampi" was.....interesting. It wasn't awful but it weren't scampi e'ther. It was in some kind of bland creamy sauce which garlic had never met. Best to eat it first and fast because as it cools down .....well, just eat it as soon as possible.Steak - the 14-y-o man-child can grill a skirt steak that would be about 15x better than what was served here. It was tough, and full of fat and gristle. Salads - green salad was rusty and wilted. Didn't try any others but as far as presentation - very lacking.Pizza was plentiful - just ok - like frozen grocery store qualityMexican entres - looked bad, very bad, only tried the taquitos. Blah and if there was filling in there it was miniscule - don't try if you have denturesMashed potatoes - okFried chicken - the man-child only rarely is allowed to eat fried chicken although he loves it - he excitedly ate a piece and that was the only piece he wanted. Desserts - if you LOVE pudding, then this is potentially your heaven. Didn't try it but there is PLENTY available in a couple of flavors.Banana cream pie - one bite - stopLemon meraingue pie - best thing that night.Again, our server was very good, kept me in ice tea and took away dirty dishes in good time.
2	We went here because it seemed to be one of the better Buffets in Downtown Las Vegas, and one of the few that served Coca Cola products (hard to find in  town ruled by Pepsi)It turns out that this hotel (and I suspect all hotels owned by the same company) recently changed from Coke to Pepsi.Beyond that, while they had a decent variety of food the quality was poor.  Perhaps they are making cuts in the quality of their ingredients.
2	13.99 prime rib.  Not crowded Saturday at 8pm.  Desserts were ok.  It's a buffet, great if you have kids, not so great if you are into quality over quantity.  It was clean, the cashier was rude, but the busboy was great.  Will eat somewhere else next time.
3	I came here for the breakfast buffet and it was meh. There was a decent variety, but the quality was poor. It's cheap though, so I guess you get what you pay for.
3	wow there was so much food I didnt know where to start!!! salads, pizza, steak, mexican, chinese.....it never ended!!
4	Only go on Friday nites, for their "seafood" buffet. Overall is pretty good. Salad's are fresh, w/ the standard selection of stuff. Lots of  peelable shrimp/oysters and cold crab!! Highlight is the steamed crab. You can eat as much as you want. By the looks of platters from other diners you'd think their was no crab left in the ocean. In addition to the "seafood", asian, mexican offerings are available, along with either prime rib, ham, turkey  and the usual accompaniments. Food is fresh and well seasoned. Deserts are pretty standard, all pretty much pre made and sliced up. Bread pudding is pretty good. Staff is very attenative. They keep your glasses refilled and clear your table on a regular basis. They are one of the cheaper "seafood" buffets in town and certainly a better deal than some local chain restaurants. If you find yourself filled to the brim, a nice walk down fremont st will help. Enjoy..................
2	Yelpers, you let me down.  This place blows for breakfast.  For two dollars less I could have gone to a Stations buffet and gotten better food.  Ugh; runny eggs, room temp meat, weak coffee served in a plastic cup, fruit served with the rind, stale bread posing as French toast, I could go on and on.  I don't know if the lunch or dinner is any better.  If this place can't get the easiest meal of the day right, I don't care to come back a second go round.
3	Mixed feelings on this buffet, but I hope this will give you an idea about the place. First off, its Downtown inside the Main Street Station, that right there, should tell you, "don't expect much from it". Main Street Station itself is small enough as is. But the Garden Court Buffet, is very roomy. Located in the middle of Main Street Station, the view of the place looks elegant. Its nicely built, and has its own spin to it. The pricing is cheap, but of course with a cheap price, you tend to get less then average. The staff seems to be nice and courteous which is always a plus. Even our waitress seems to be nice as well. But , we did go early in the morning, when it probably just opened. But I bet you, if you go in the middle of their shift, their cheeks are probably sore from all that smiling, and they're probably anxious to go home. Considering that this is a Buffet, most likely, the food is probably overcooked and been sitting out there for quite sometime. So with that in mind, it tends to be a bit to hard to chew or too chewy to chew. But I did like the fact that they still had a wide variety of food, and an omelet station, with an entertaining omelet chef. I for one, did enjoy what I ate, even though, some of the food was a bit overcooked. I was that hungry to eat it anyways. After two rounds, we decided to call it a day. Wasn't happy, that the dessert station wasn't even open. Other buffet's had dessert station for breakfast. But oh well, what do you expect from a cheap buffet? I would only recommend this, only if your really hungry, that you really don't care how long the food been cooking. Otherwise, don't set your hopes up to high, when you come here. Its downtown, not much to really put your expectations that high for.
3	this place would have been 4 stars, except for the Salad Bar Nazi that my sister encountered.  so anyway, my sister was at the salad bar, and she overheard the Salad Bar Nazi complaining (in front of everyone) about having to clean up after everyone who dropped stuff from the little salad bar bowls.  like that can be helped.  whatever.  anyway, our actual waitress was super cool and attentive.  we went right when it opened at 11am for lunch.  we always stay at the Suncoast, which is another Boyd property, so the buffet is almost identical in food and scope.  my hubby and sis insisted that this buffet was better than the Suncoast's buffet, but for the life of me, I could not tell the difference.  It has the same food and quality.  anyway, the place is easy on the eyes...cool interior and very light and bright and fun.  i would go here once....just to check it out.  free parking the garage next door.
5	I've only eaten here for their weekend champaign breakfast buffets. The main draw was a tip from a Hawaii friend claiming that they have sticky rice, kalua pig, and portuguese sausage. Since I'm not a hard guy to please at a buffet (all I need is bacon), you can imagine how excited I was to add more meat and mimosas to my meatatarian breakfast diet (it's a personal lifestyle choice).I would post a pic of the plate that I loaded up on my last visit, but a vegetarian might report it as being overly offensive. It looks like a massacre of breakfast meats that I like to call it the "Fiver". Five years knocked off your lifespan and the epic five pound sh- yeah, well - you get the idea.The actual buffet is pretty cheap as well. I'm no gambler, but I signed up for the membership card because of the discount.
5	Ok, upon my visit to Vegas, I explored this buffet on a passer by. Wow, great price, great food, good service, nice staff you cant go wrong here. All you can eat everything. I loved the salad bar nice and fresh. I mostly ate the baked chicken, had some southern food, some greens and corn bread, yams. I was in heaven. The next night, i went to all you can eat steak night with scampi. Yummy. I will deafantly go back here.
4	Dollar for dollar, this is the best buffet bargain you'll find in Las Vegas, and possibly in all of Nevada. Come on Saturdays and Sundays for the champagne brunch and it'll totally blow your mind. (Make sure to tip your waiter/waitress well - you're saving a ton of cash by coming here.)The atmosphere here is positively charming - I'd say it's one of the prettier buffet rooms in all of Las Vegas, including the Strip. The casino has a "old-time railroad station" theme which continues into the buffet room. It's a pleasant place to pass a few hours eating and drinking.The food isn't exceptional, but there's a good range of different cuisines, including Hawaiian food - a nice touch. The breakfast food is pretty standard, but you can also load up a plate with half breakfast and half Asian food, if that's your preference. Desserts are pretty decent - I like to take a piece of pie and glob some soft-serve ice cream on top.But the real value here is the champagne brunch. I believe they recently raised the price to $10.99, but even then, it's a steal. Plus, you can get some 2-for-1 coupons online (http://www.vegasexperience.com/coupons, password "realvegas") if you're out-of-state, making this buffet almost sinfully cheap. Hey, that's why they call it Sin City, right??
3	My review is LONG, but thorough so bear with me :) It's been months since the last time I've been here. We took the relatives from Hawai'i to this buffet (they're first las vegas buffet) last night because it was the cheapest $17.99 Seafood Buffet in town. It also has other good food and great dessert which matters to me when it comes to buffets. And some "ok-decent" hawaiian food. NO MORE OXTAIL. I saw reviews & quick tips for that, but I saw none. sad face :(.  Also we went here b/c Green Valley Ranch's Feast Buffet is out of crab legs till JUNE! So props to Garden Court! :) They open at 4pm, so start lining up around 2:30 cuz there was a amusement-park-ride long line. We got there just before 4pm and the line was already out the door. We waited for almost an hour, got seated just before 5pm. We all went straight for the seafood section. All you can eat CRAB LEGS. The main reason for coming here. And for $17.99?! What more could you ask for?oh btw the cold crab legs is near the salad area, the warm steamed crab legs is near the asian-hawaiian section, I didn't know that... you figure they would put them together. I wanted warm ones, but had already loaded my plate full of XXXL crab legs. My family and I would say, "JACKPOT!!!" each time we opened a super stuffed crab leg filled with lots of meat..... SCORE! Worked out my arms cracking crab legs. feeelin' the burn! We're a silly & crazy family, so imagine random yells of "JACKPOT!!!" inside the buffet area. We like to have fun. :PThis is a pretty good buffet compared to others when it comes to selection and price.My major rant about this one was they didn't refill the CANNOLIS! I know they weren't the best, but they were pretty good for a buffet, I'm a big fan of dessert. In my opinion this was the best dessert they had there! I haven't seen cannolis in any other buffets the last time i went. There were only a few left when I got some, and they didn't refill. I asked the guy behind the counter, and he said that's all they had for the day. WTH...... LOSE MONEY big time! :( sad face. I should've got all the ones i saw which was about THREE. I still can't believe they didn't have anymore for a buffet. They don't serve milkshakes so ask for a cup of milk, and grab some ice cream and mix your own... haha. Need to take advantage of everything they have to offer. ;PDESSERT - decent -ok. lots of pies. self serve soft serve ice cream w/ m&m's, nuts, & syrup on the side (chocolate, caramel, butterscotch.) A rolled up chocolate cream thing was pretty good too if you like chocolate. Chocolate covered marshmallow cream filled thing, it was ok... kinda weird, but I'm not a fan of it. The coconut shrimp & blacked trout was good. The clams were chewy, not a fan of that. The crab & mussels soup -- only the soup was good. I LOVE mussels so i was disappointed with the mussels. :( sad face. BBQ Ribs - good sauce but lots of fat, not enough meat. ewww gross. I don't like fatty meat. bleh.Enchilada, kalua pig, lomi lomi, shrimp ceviche...kinda salty. Hot wings - pretty good for buffet. That's all I remember having... 5 plates, several small plates of dessert & ice cream. I'm stuffed. I think I'm good till Sunday. Despite the cannoli incident, we were all happy :). Service was great, our waiter was awesome (an older filipino man), he was able to patiently put up with my dad's 10 million soda refills & napkin requests. Of course we left him a good tip. :) Keeep the cannolis filled and I'll be a long time fan. ;)
3	I probably go here twice a year to eat mini manapuas, egg rolls and kalua pig and cabbage.  They have a small hawaiian food section.  Other than that, they have the average buffet items.  Prices and quality are average.
5	Best buffet I have ever eaten. I have been here several times and make it part of my plans each time I go to Vegas.
3	Meh.  Looks impressive, but nothing tasted all that great.  It was pretty reasonable at $38 for three of us, but the food was Denny's quality at best.  Sorry.There food was probably two stars, but our server was four stars at least so three it is. I wish I knew her name so I could post it to thank her for the service.Not somewhere I would go to again.
4	When I first came here, in 2003, this place was 5 stars all the way. Since then, it's lost a little bit of luster. Back in 2003, I snagged some scallops about the size of a hockey puck. NO LIE. In 2010, they were half the size. The place is still great, don't get me wrong. Once a year, when I visit Vegas, I ALWAYS make sure I eat at least one meal here. Oh, and for those of you who have to use the bathrooms, the ones next to the buffet, ask security or staff to clear out the men's room if you are a lady and let you inside. They actually have a urinal attached to the BERLIN WALL. Only in Vegas. LOVE IT!
4	Love this buffet. We stayed at the california and walked right over to main street. Lots and lots of choices. We literally ate breakfast at 9am and stayed till lunch time. Awesome breakfast choices from the eggs, omelets and pancakes. Great for kids and large groups!
2	Don't know why they call this buffet world famous or award winning!!! It's just a regular buffet nothing special!!!
3	Great buffet. Awesome deal. Be sure to get a players card to get a discount on your meal.
3	Fried chicken for breakfast.Sweet sassy molassy!OK so, it was a bit of a rough wake-up at 1:22 pm, but we made it to the Buffet in time to fill up two plates each and gorge on equal parts fat, sugar, and JellO.The coffee was horrendous, the juice so so, but the fried chicken soothed the soul!That greasy mess made me forget all about that painful sore footed march along the strip at 3 am in desperate search of either a taxi, the deuce, or another free drink. (*Shutter*)
3	This is one of the better buffets in Las Vegas. However, if you are going on Friday night, get here early. The line can run deep.Friday is know as seafood night and they are huge crab legs.I don't care much for the crab legs, but do enjoy the rest of the buffett. Nothing is a huge standout, but nothing is huge disappointment either.
3	Meh...it was just alright.  Im not a big fan of buffets to begin with so my review might be a little biased.  If you like buffets, this one will probably suit your fancy.My in laws cousin heard good things about this place and recommended it so we decided to come here for dinner on Monday night.  My father in law paid for it so that was cool.  I think for 5 of us it was like 60 bucks so the price is right and that might be the only saving grace for the 3 star rating I bestow on this here buffet ;-)They had a decent enough selection of everything but it was kind of plain jane.  I had some egg rolls, clam strips, fried chicken and a piece of pizza.  The clam strips were probably my favorite and I ate a lot of those.  Everyone else in our group thought the food was kind of meh also.  Our server who brought our drink and cleaned up our table was super nice but it didnt make up for the "average food".  If you are downtown and are craving a buffet and nothing else will do, this place might be ok.  The service was good, and the price is reasonable.
4	Thank goodness for the mezzanine bridge between Main St. and the Cal. It conveniently allows us to get to the other side in a couple minutes without having to go outside and face the Vegas heat!I have mixed feelings about the buffet at Main Street. I usually like to try places at least twice to see if there is any inconsistency but on this past trip, we ate here twice and the two experiences were on opposite sides of the spectrum. We had their Friday Seafood Dinner buffet and the Breakfast buffet the next morning. Service was the deal breaker for me.The Seafood buffet is pretty popular and the line is already long from when they open at 4pm. Note for Hawaiian voucher users: it's a dinner voucher plus $8 for this buffet. The highlight of this buffet was the steamed crab legs! Oh, so delicious. I can eat crab for daysssss! If you're from Hawaii, you know the main staple in your diet is rice. That holds true even for me, but not when I eat at buffets. I cut out the starches so that I get my money's worth with the seconds and thirds on the crab legs! Our server was very attentive and was made available to fulfill our requests: shoyu, tabasco, extra napkins, etc. He brought it in a jiffy! He was on top of refills as well. The crab already had little slits in them to make it easier to crack. Our server noticed I had pretty acrylic nails and was having a difficult time getting the meat out so he gave me one of those little crab pitch forks without even asking! It made it so much easier for me. Thank you, Mr. Server for saving me from breaking a nail! My tummy was very satisfied after dinner.On to breakfast. Note: Hawaiian voucher plus $3 for the buffet. Really, you can't go wrong with breakfast food. They had the spread of items from eggs benedict and bagels to portuguese sausage and bacon. I love when they have made-to-order stations and this one, you guessed it, was an omelette station. I like to watch how quickly they move to get through the line and yet they show no pressure when flipping the egg! Nom nom nom. What made this experience unpleasant was the lack of attention from the server. She was too busy setting other tables to check up on us. Or maybe it was because we were sitting way in the boonies of the restaurant. I never got a refill on my OJ and I was parched. The one thing our tour escort told us to make sure we did was drink lots of liquids because the heat was not what we islanders are used to. It is disappointing when you get free refills as part of the buffet and bringing us drinks is basically all they need to do! They don't take our orders or serve our food. I am sure I will be back again because the prices for the buffets are cheap & I loooooove crab legs!
4	Seafood buffet on Fridays is pretty awesome. Less than $20/person! Located in DTLV. Got there a little pass 5PM and the line was already longggggggggggg -_______- we waited for about an hour. Ugh.The food was pretty damn good. Lots of snow crab leg. Oysters were okay, not the freshest of course, but not too bad (just put lots of lemon juice on it) Clams were a bit overcooked. Dessert selection was meh. Overall, I think it's a good deal for less than $20.
4	I am a fan of this buffet.  It's been awhile, so when we were in the area and having a BOGO, how could we not go?I had two things specifically that I knew in advance I wanted - Kalua pork and collard greens.  Both were as good as they always are.  They also had black bean chili made with pieces of beef rather than the usual hamburger.  I had a small amount of their spicy tofu.  It was good, but it wasn't spicy.  It needed a lot more kick.  Finally, I had one wrapped laulau.  It was seasoned well, but I didn't taste any fish.  There was some ground pork but no fish. Dessert was a piece of no sugar added Key lime pie. I'll be returning even if just to have kalua pork and the collard greens.
3	Probably deserves 3+++++ stars, just couldn't quite bring myself to give it 4.  The atmosphere, layout, etc. deserves FIVE stars in my opinion...compared to other buffets, this is truly a warm, friendly place to eat.  The aisles are wide, the food nicely laid out, it's just a great warm atmosphere.  The food itself (I ate on Tuesday, the steak night) was average, nothing spectacular, but the price was inexpensive and as I say, the setting was very nice.  I really can't say I found any of the food to be a standout, the steaks in particular were unremarkable, just average.But when it comes to atmosphere and the setting for a buffet, it ranks at the top.  Too bad the quality of the food doesn't approach the atmosphere.
4	Ate here this past June and last August.. It was pretty good for the price...they have a variety of good there..was very tasty.. I always save room for the desserts..we try to go, for an early or late dinner, cuz this buffet gets packed!!
5	As a huge seafood lover (as in i love eating it) there is nothing more I a can appreciate more then being able to each crab legs without having to do a lot of work and getting all messy. That being said I barely had to fight with these crab legs when I went to their Friday Seafood Buffet $17.99 with player card, don't know what it was without the player card but I can't imagine more that $1-2 more. Crack open and they pretty much come out easily in one whole piece. Whenever I eat crab legs most of my time is spent getting the meat out of the shell and I'm left with pieces of crabs, messy hands, and lots of napkins. Most of the crab legs were all together like a rack of ribs so I could pile a ton on my plate at a time, served hot or cold. They had oyster prepared two different ways, one regular, and another with some creamy sauce on top. A couple plates of that please with lemon and Tabasco. They also had some huge clams and a pretty tender and tasty brisket. If you like some crawfish they had some of that too cooked with corn on the cob and some spiciness, not to spicy though. They also have manapua which was ok, beef stew, mexican food, italian, salads, fried chicken, chicken wings, bbq ribs, and some fishes. On other nights they have kalua and oxtail, don't remember if they had lau lau. And two other night that I really like going here for are Tuesday T-Bone steak night, cooked to how you like, and Saturday Prime Rib. Dinner Buffet Schedule: Sunday, Monday and Wednesday: 4:00pm -10:00pm $10.99* Tuesday T-Bone Steak Special: 4:00pm - 10:00pm $13.99* Thursday Steak & Scampi: 4:00pm - 10:00pm $13.99* Friday Seafood Buffet: 4:00pm -10:00pm $17.99* Saturday Prime Rib Special: 4:00pm-10:00pm Lines are long as most Friday night buffets around town are especially for seafood. If you have VIP, handicap, their Emerald player's card, come on down to the VIP line. Leave someone who doesn't gamble and hit the black jack or crap tables, bar, or check out a piece of the graffiti-covered segment of the Berlin Wall in the guys restroom next to the buffet.
4	Plenty of low-carb breakfast choices for us dieters. Bacon was superior to other buffets in the area. The omelet chef is charismatic and works hard for his tips, so tip him well as he tries to put a smile on your face as well as cook your eggs perfectly. They don't put real cream on the table but will bring it with a smile if you ask for it. Coffee kinda stunk though, had to stop somewhere after to buy a decent cuppa. Overall though, fantastic buffet and the price couldn't be beat!
3	I wander over here from the Cal to break up the monotony of eating at the same places everyday.  I've only come to eat here for the brunch buffet.  There is a nice combination of American cuisine and Hawaii specialties.Several years ago, I would have given this buffet an extra star, but for me it is not as good.  The one big thing is that oxtail stew can no longer be found.  Also the kalua pig has a ton of cabbage in it and it lacks both smoke and salt.With that being said, the manapua is decent, the mabo tofu and the noodles are pretty good.  I like the BBQ brisket and the omelette bar is great.
2	I could seriously smack the concierge desk gal where we stayed for recommending this place.  I was planning on taking J to a buffet dinner while we were in Vegas (it was pretty much his first trip), either at the Wynn or Planet Hollywood.  However, since Garden Court was recommended by a local, I figured it had to be decent.  WRONG!  The price was right (less than $20 a person) but the food was terrible!  Seriously, the only good thing about the entire visit was the salad bar.  I guess the saying in this case is true ~  You get what you pay for.
3	The food here is pretty standard buffet food. Eating vegetarian can make buffet eating difficult, but the fact that it was free made it better. I came here for the weekend brunch and they have lots of different stations. I stuck with the foods I knew were vegetarian safe: eggs, rice, stirfrys, eggrolls, pastries and so on. I was glad they had some vegan stirfry dishes that my traveling buddy could eat too (like spicy tofu and vegetables).The best best best thing on the buffet were the cinnamon rolls. My god, they are by far the best cinnamon rolls I've eaten (outside of the sinfully delicious Cinnabon!). I think I could go there again and just eat those. Service was attentive. The staff filled up my cup when it was empty. A solid buffet, for the price. And especially for the price that I got it. Free. Yay for BConnected.
5	This is still one of my favorite buffets in all of (new & old) Vegas. I remember when I was way younger and my family would stay at the California Hotel and we would all come to this buffet; back then it was called something different though. Their selections for breakfast, lunch, and dinner are good but the prices are even better! [If you become a member and get one of the cards for the casino -which is free!- you get a dollar off your buffet price. and it only takes like 2 minutes to get the card, totally worth the time.]Tip: Friday nights here are Seafood night!
5	Had our Thanksgiving Day dinner over here and everything on the menu was awesome! There was alot more food that wasn't on the menu and I left super full and happy.
3	*Sunday Champagne BrunchWhat better way to prepare for a big long-distance race than overloading yourself on high sodium buffet food and all-you-can-drink champagne (pronounced, and probably should be spelled something like "sham-pain")?!?That's what me and the wife did this past Sunday, only she ran her half-marathon while I decided to bow out.Gracefully?Hardly...I have a knee problem, and used that as an excuse to not run amongst an over sized crowd of people.It didn't stop me from carb-loading (and protein-loading, and fake champagne-loading) the morning of that night race though!This buffet is a'ight.  Really- nothing to complain about, but nothing to go gaga over either.  The place is very clean, the staff is very friendly, and the food is decent.  Especially considering the price.
3	A good, old style buffet with no surprises (well, actually the egg rolls were surprisingly tasty....I went back for more) but that offers a nice little perk on Sundays: "champagne" brunch.For $11.95.Excuse the quotation marks but the French in me is very particular about her bubbles...this, my friends, was not champagne. But it was good enough for me on a sleepy morning while I was carb-loading for my upcoming race. I didn't over-indulge either since I had to be somewhat operational in the late afternoon. But I had a few glasses, and appreciated the constant refills (and the not judgmental waiter).Inside the beautiful old school Main Street Station casino that sports note-worthy ceilings.
3	This is BY FAR the best buffet I've been to downtown.  The Golden Nugget's buffet is poison.  My wife actually broke out with some crazy rash after eating there. Fremont Casino's "Paradise" buffet is more like a paradise for heat lamps although I can't totally hate on that one only for the "Swingers" movie factor.  The servers must be sick of patrons ordering the age of enlightenment there.Back to the subject at hand.  I got a buy one, get one free coupon so this was a great motivator to finally go.  I know the champagne brunch is everyone's highlight but there's no way I'm ever at Fremont that early unless I'm still there from the night before.Most buffets don't do much as far as atmosphere but I dug the old school vibe.  The place felt very welcoming with how well lit and clean everything looked.  We didn't have lunch that day so we opted for dinner at the senior citizenesque time of 4:30pm.  Lo and behold there was already a line full of seniors but it wasn't a long wait at all.    It was T-bone steak night which was fine.  Standard $6 breakfast type t-bones but I tore though two of them so no complaints here!  I was most impressed with the southern/soul food.  Fried chicken, yams and collard greens were all solid.  Everything else ranged between average or a little above but that's amazing compared to most downtown buffet joints.  It's hard to pull me away from the Triple 7 Brewery if we're dining around here but I'd be willing to come here again with a coupon.
3	I have been to the Garden Court Buffet many times. I have been for lunch and dinner. Every time I go I find that nothing has changed. With the exceptions of their special nights, Tuesday - T-Bone night, Thursday - Steak & Scampi night, Friday - Seafood night, and Saturday - Prime Rib night, the menu always remains the same. Not that the menu is bad. The food is OK, but not great.They have the same stations that almost all buffet's have. Their salad station is not very large, but it has a lot of choices to go onto your salad. My biggest complaint about the salad bar is that the only lettuce that have is iceberg. Please give us some more choices. The Italian station has pizza, pastas, and garlic bread. All are pretty good again, but not great. The Mexican and Asian stations have some good choices. I do think they have one of the best spring rolls of many of the buffets I have been to.The meat station usually has several choices. I have had turkey, ham, prime rib and more. They have a Italian Sausage that is always very tasty. My wife had some spaghetti and said the sauce was only OK. Then she added the Italian Sausage and it brought a lot of flavor to the pasta. Every time I go the meat station seems to have Brisket and I try it every time. I love Brisket. It can make one of the best BBQ sandwiches if done right. But, their Brisket has never been that good. It is always fatty and hard to chew. The flavor is not even worth mentioning.I know I seem to be hard on the Garden Court Buffet. But, the chef's put out a good presentation. I think the main issue is the quality of what they have to work with. If they were given better ingredients to start with I know this would be one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. If they had better ingredients to work with, the cost would have to go up though. I think it would be worth it.I have been once or twice where the service has not been that good. But only once or twice. Other than that the service staff is very attentive. Plates are cleared from the table in a timely manner. Refills on beverages come almost faster than you can drink them. I really enjoy the service we get at the Garden Court Buffet.
4	My dad brought us to this buffet at the Main Street for brunch for a gambling break. We came around 3pm, so we didn't have to stand in line. I must say... this buffet is definitely worth the price! I believe it was $7 per person if you show your B Connected card. There was so much food to choose from! It was ridiculous. The food wasn't the best food I've ever tasted, but it was definitely very good for the price. We found out about this buffet on our last day in Vegas. I wish we knew about it sooner so we could've spent our leftover lunch money to gamble :)I would definitely come back again!
1	Hmm. I don't really know how to review this place. We came this morning for the champagne brunch with a pretty large party. The line was pretty long, but it went quickly and they were able to seat us relatively fast considering the size of our party. There were many pros to this buffet. Once seated, our server quickly took our drink orders and we were able to go get our food. They have a pretty good variety of options and it's organized well. There seemed to be something for everything. The food was ok as well. Now, onto the con and it's one heck of a con. I unfortunately caught sight of a roach on the line, right on the waffle, biscuit and corned beef hash station and that obviously stopped my appetite in it's tracks. That's unforgivable in my book, I won't be back.
4	Don and I dined here for free with some rewards coupons he received in the mail. The thing I like about this buffet is that they don't try so hard to be all gourmet and fancy, so you just get a lot of the good stuff that's almost like home cooking in a sense. I had fried chicken, lassagna, enchiladas, chow mien, how wings, mashed potatoes, mushrooms, pizza with some jalapenos on top, stew, pasta, clam chowder, broccoli cheese, salad, and more. I really liked majority of what I got and even went back for seconds of some of the items. We didn't try anything from the dessert section though because we planned to get ice cream at Lappert's afterward. The server was very quick with all of our drink orders, taking away our plates, and refilling our drinks. I really don't have anything to complain about here, especially since the only thing we paid for was the tip.
3	A plentiful array of culinary styles: none excellent, but all ample.  The price is right, and the dining room a classic, well-lit, relaxing beauty.  There comes a point in your Vegas vacation where you just want to chow down and not feel ripped off about it, and this here's your ticket.  In other words, it's the penny slots of buffets.
1	Con's - parking,  length of wait, quality of food, variety of food, overcrowding/poor organization of buffet. Pro's - beautiful decor.  Final analysis : Not worth it, even at the low pricel.  Even the breakfast buffet at Circus Circus could out do this one.From start to finish, this was a horrible breakfast experience.  First, the parking says 'free with validation ' but it's pay first, then get reimbursed from the cashiers cage.  Not the accepted definition of validation!   Also, the parking attendant was a complete jerk, when asked about it. Once inside, we waited almost thirty minutes in line to pay.  One Cashier for a line that stretched to over fifty people?  Really? Right as we were checking out, we heard someone on the walkie talkies say she was coming to the front to assist with checkout.  Insult to injury at that point.The selection and quality of food was absolutely terrible.  Scrambled eggs that were runny.  The line for individual omelettes was so long as to make it not worth the wait.  If you expected fresh fruit, you'd be disappointed, it was all canned.  While I know they don't make their own pudding, you don't want it (or the yogurt) looking like it had just been dumped out of a can into a bowl.  Also, three separate giant bowls of prunes seemed like overkill.  The bacon and sausage were very good, but by the time I wanted seconds, the lines for food were ten people deep.  Bread products were obviously frozen and/or made elsewhere.  Bread still in its plastic bags was left out for toast.  They didn't even have real butter, just 'spread'.
4	Located in the Mainstreet Hotel downtown Las Vegas. The price is cheap you even get a cheaper price if you show your Bconnected players club card. I always always have there fried chicken which is the best thing on there menu considring I love fried chicken! The variety of foods is crazy along with desserts!
2	I Finally made it to the Friday Night seafood buffet.....If you are going, get there early like at 3:30pm like I did because the line gets really long.Overall I was pretty dissappointed =  I was raised in the south & when I think of Friday Night Seafood I'm thinking fried clams, fried scallops, fried fish, HUSHPUPPIES & fried shrimp. The ONLY fried items they had were overbreaded Fried Shrimp which were good after peeling most of the breading off.For $21.99 after I used my B-Connected Card discount from $25 this is what they did have = Both Steamed & Iced medium sized snow crab legs, Small (50 count) steamed Peel-n-Eat Shrimp on ice, steamed Clams, Mussels. Broiled Salmon & Trout, very small oysters on the half shell, assorted california rolls & crab salad which was very mayonaised & not very good at all. The trout was very good. The salmon not so much, The steamed crab legs were better than the Iced ones which seemed to have retained ALOT of salt water. The shrimp was ok and easy enough to peel but were very small.In addition to this they had the regular stations that they have for lunch = Mexican, BBQ Ribs, Fried Chicken, Italian, Chinese & Hawaiian as well as fruit & salad bar and the awesome desert island.If you like the above mentioned Seafood items then have at it. For me I thought I could have gotten a better deal- price & food wise - by going to Buffet @ Asia for dinner as they have a better sushi selection, crab legs & big decent peel-n-eat shrimp.I wont be doing the Seafood Buffet again and when I do go back it will be for Lunch which is the best value for the price & food offered and they have FRIED CLAMS for lunch
3	Pretty good for a buffet.  There was beef brisket, some asian/hawaiian food, some mexican, some american, and some pastas.  Its a good buffet for the price, particularly if you are a member of their players club, which is free to join.  Good service that came and got refills on drinks right away and came over often to ask if we needed anything.
4	We came to Las Vegas for friends' wedding.  I knew I wanted to come to this buffet with them.  As I suspected, it did not dissapoint. Everything was yummy & warm.  The food was very diverse from Chinese food to Soul Food. The place was clean & inviting. The wait staff was friendly and quick to clean our plates from our table. This is a MUST come to restaurant whenever we are in Vegas!
2	It's probably been 8 years since we last tried out the Garden Court Buffet.  We had fond memories of it from previous visits.  I don't know what has happened, but our breakfast buffet was extremely disappointing.  It's one of the most inexpensive breakfast buffets you will find in Las Vegas.  It's only $8.  But even for that price, we wouldn't go back again.The coffee was the worst we've ever had.  It was served in plastic mugs and was very watery.  I could barely drink it.  The orange juice was almost as bad.  We tried a variety of items.  We were disappointed with everything except the omelet, coconut donut, and cinnamon rolls.We arrived around 8:30 am on a weekday morning in early April and there was no line.  When we left around 9:30, there was still no line.  So, I think it's safe to say you won't have to wait to get into this breakfast buffet.Conclusion:  If you have very low expectations, you might not be disappointed by this breakfast buffet.  For the same price, we found the breakfast buffet at the Orleans to be better.  Of all the buffets we went to during our 5-day stay, this was by far the worst.  If you want an absolutely scrumptious dining experience, you must try the breakfast buffet at the Wynn or the Wicked Spoon.
1	I don't even know where to begin and end with this dung hole of a place.  O.k., it's downtown in a lousy hotel, so I wasn't expecting French Laundry, but it sucked sooo bad.  It was T-Bone night. I got one medium rare and did not eat a bite.  It was raw and really tough - I could not cut it with a steak knife.  Bizarre.  Clearly chef has no idea how to cook meat.  Vegetables were either canned or overly cooked with tons of butter/oil.  Pork buns my daughter got were soggy and pizza was hard and like cardboard.  My young daughter later commented, "the only good thing was the water and the melon."  Most things I did not try as they looked disgusting.  If overly cooked, cheap ingredients, soaked in corn oil, cream and/or butter is your thing, then you will love it.  THere was nothing fresh on the premises.  The salad bar was drab and flacid.  The soft serve was o.k., but no whipped cream or nuts to make a sundae.  Boo on that.  I know this is harsh, but if you look around the dining room, especially at people's derrieres, and bellies you will see what this kind of food will do to the human body and soul.  Very depressing place - food, decor and clientele.  Nasty to the core.
5	My favorite new buffet in LV.Went on Saturday night, and i think it was prime rib or something. i didn't have any i was lost in all the other good choices and delicious foods.It's a great deal also, i think its 13.99 for dinner, i mean with the quality and variety of food you get they charge twice that much on the strip.i thought all the food had alot of flavor unlike other buffets that serve bland hospital like food. the servers were extremely nice and great, we were sitting in the group area and he was a hispanic male who was exceptionally great. and the room is a beauty i love that old charm of it, its really beautiful and clean. and to walk it all off just cross the bridge over to the Cal and go to the Fremont Street Experience.
2	Hot basic old school buffet
4	I have only had lunch at this buffet.  The parking is close and free during the day and you can have your parking validated at night and park for free. As you wind your way through the casino, you find the buffet with a warm golden glow and very clean atmosphere.  Lines come and go depending on time you eat.  The wait staff are quick and courteous and tend to your needs of refills and removal of plates.  The lunch has salad, pizza, spaghetti, veal, meatloaf, brisket, ham, good mashed potatoes, greens, baked and fried chicken, BBQ, vegtables, Asian (not tried) and Mexican foods.  I found the brisket, potatoes, chicken, pizza, greens to be good and topped it off with apple pie and ice cream.  All this for around $8.00.  How could you complain.  The noise level was tolerable.  All the food that I ate was fresh, well heated and I had no issues with flavor.  You are close to downtown and can walk a couple of blocks and be in the middle of downtown.  I would rated this place a 4 star because of the cleanliness, atmosphere, wait staff, location, price, and quality of food.  You would have to be picky and mad at losing to find fault at this buffet for lunch.  I have not had dinner here and read that others complained of a couple of issues, but I can't confirm or deny those comments.
4	A long time ago a certain Pineapple clad Yelper told me about this buffet. He insisted that I should try it the next time I'm in Vegas. I did and have been taking family and friends here since.So it's already cheap right? You can make it even cheaper by signing up for their player's card and getting the 2 for 1 deal.I've been here for their Champagne Brunch. Pretty standard selection but good enough to satisfy your morning cravings. The champagne is free flowing and you can always order a side of orange juice to make your own mimosa!Filipino tip: They have ox tail at the far end of the Asian section. My family loved it and said it tasted like "kare kare". And if you're familiar with that dish, might be worth giving a try. They also kept saying how the oxtail was worth the price of the buffet alone.Service was pretty good. The servers are on top of refilling drinks and taking plates away. So if you're looking for a cheap, no frills buffet outside the Strip, give this one a try.
4	This buffet is one of the better ones in Vegas.  It's one block from Fremont Street.  My husband and I went for lunch and it cost just short of $20.  The buffet was nice and clean.  Architecture and surroundings were cool.  The variety was there.  I only have two critiques:1. The salad bar needed more accouterments.  There wasn't even bacon bits.2. The wait staff was slow on refills.My favorite food item was "Chicken with rice noodles".  My mom used to cook this growing up.  It's chicken drummettes boiled until super soft, rice noodles, hints of ginger, a soupy concoction.  I put this on top of white rice and was in Heaven.
3	My friend found some coupons for 2 for 1 dinner buffet if you signed up for their players card. We decided to check it out since it only wound up being $6 a person for dinner. That's the cheapest meal I had in Vegas my whole trip!We waited about 15 minutes in line on Sunday at 8pm. There were lots of tables open, so I don't know why it took so long to wait in line. They pretty ok variety of foods, but everything was kind of bland. The best thing I tried were the mashed potatoes. I hate when your plates start to stack up and nobdy clears them. That's what happened here. We had to keep on flagging people to pick up the plates.You get what you pay for. It was only $6 after the coupon, but the quality really showed for it.
2	Ate here on a Tuesday, "steak night".  The steak was tough, unexciting.  After a couple of bites, there's no question... if you gave that to me for free, I'd take a pass.On the other hand, the stuffing and garlic mashed potatoes were good...Sigh...
3	For the price $10.99 and $14.99 on Tuesdays for T-bone, you can't really complain. The food is fresh and tasty. T-bone was so tough I couldn't finish mine. HOWEVER, this is NOT NOT NOT comparable to ANYTHING on the Strip except maybe Circus Circus or Excalibur. Because the food here is just plain bland food. Pizza, pasta, meatloaf, fried rice, lo mein, corn on the cob, t bone steak and iceberg salad types. Nothing unique or out of this world here. The dessert was plain too, pie, chocolate cake, ice cream, and pudding. Our waiter got our drink order wrong twice and it did smell kinda funky where we sat. Otherwise the ambiance is nice, kinda like old western saloon european impression. The Main Street Station is a place to come see and if you're hungry but don't want to pay Strip prices, then this is your best bet. But don't come here expecting anything else than what you're paying for. I, for one, won't eat here again.
4	Breakfast was great. A bargain at the price. Spacious seating. Eggs were moist, not dried out. Sticky rice!!
4	If you are looking for a cheap buffet and/or want an introduction to classic American home cooking, then the Garden Court Buffet at the Main Street Station is for you.  The buffet is only $9 for dinner ($8 if you join their player's club) and offers a whole array of American classics, from fried chicken to roast beef and manicotti, to pork shoulder and make-your-own-tacos.  There are also pasta salads, mashed and baked potatoes, green beans, steamed carrots, etc.  The only thing really missing are ribs.  The casino seems attract Filipino/Hawaiians, so there were a few Chinese/Filipino/Hawaiian offerings as well.We weren't too hungry so we didn't taste that many dishes, but the manapua (Hawaiian steamed pork buns) were the best I've tasted.  The pork had the perfect combination of acid and sweetness and they kept very well in the steam table.  I wholeheartedly recommend this.  The other winner are the mashed potatoes.  They are perfectly seasoned and taste just of what they are.  The kalua pork was also pretty good, but as the main flavor in this dish is liquid smoke, it's hard to get it wrong.Other dishes weren't as great.  My daughters enjoyed the "make your own tacos" station and I liked the tortilla chips, but the guacamole needed more avocado.  The fried chicken was crispy, but it tasted like the microwavable kind.  The lumpia and chow mein both needed more seasoning.  My husband liked the pasta salad (or was it potato salad?), but it wasn't cold enough.The biggest loser of the day was the mac & cheese  I didn't taste it, but my daughter could barely stomach one bite - and this is not a picky child.  The other loser was the melon, which was unripe and not sweet.Desserts were the best part.  Their banana cream pie was particularly tasty, but their key lime pie wasn't bad - though too sour.  The cheesecake was great, if a bit sweet.  Everyone's favorite, of course, was the soft-serve station.  There are many other choices, however: from pies to pastries to puddings.Service was great, our waiter refilled our glasses often.In all, it was a very pleasant experience.
5	This review is for the lunch buffet.  This is the best buffet in downtown Las Vegas.  The dining room is well lit, clean, and spacious. The price for lunch, just shy of $10 is about what you would pay for a sit down lunch anywhere else nearby. Selection is good, food is presented well, and is hot.  I like the selection of deserts, especially the key lime pie.
4	What brought me here is an awesome coupon that I got in the mail for $20.00 off my dining.  So, I decided to take my family out to get some lunch. Pros:* Reasonably priced ($7.99 weekday lunch w/ a BConnected Players card)* Variety of food (from Italian to Hawaiian cuisine)* Layout (Lots of spacious seating, it doesn't feel crowded)* Attentive service (drinks were kept filled and plates were removed quickly)* Unique atmosphere (reminds me of a train station).Cons:* Food is not incredible... I'd say it's just average.  Don't expect anything fancy.Overall:This place is a decent place to go, especially when you cannot make up your mind about a place to eat and having a variety is desired.  Nothing spectacular about this place, but at $7.99 per person for lunch, you can't go wrong!Tips: *  Try the brisket.  It's soft and flavorful. *  Park at the lot right in front of Main St.  It costs $3, but you get it back if you bring your receipt to the cashier cage.  When you enter the lot, make an immediate left (heading west) and park in the far corner, closest to the Main St. Casino.  There is an opening in the corner that takes you right up to the crosswalk.  I find it to be the easiet parking! *  I can't speak for the women's bathroom, but the men's bathroom (right next to the buffet) has a historical treat!  The urinals are attached to a piece of the actual Berlin Wall!  Pretty awesome (at least I thought).  =)
4	Great Price and Great food.Weekends can be packed.  It's one of the more popular buffetts in the downtown LV area. Brunch is $14 but weekly breakfast $8 and lunch is think is $12.  The selection for all is actually really good. All the food is freshly cooked in the morning.  You actually see all the cooks cooking all the food fresh and filling the trays so you know it doesnt sit out all night.  Some of the stations are cook to order which is a plus for the price.  Worth the drive for the savings.  The strip needs to take lessons on price and quality because not everyone can afford the expensive places on the strip which is why I come here to eat so theres more money to drink and gamble.
5	Lunch buffet was great, lots of selection and almost everything was very good. The dining area is clean and very open. Oh yeah...best part? It was 8 bucks...WIN!
1	If I could re-do that day that we went here, I would.  I would opt NOT to go here and waste $12 per person (champagne brunch on a Sunday).  It's a buffet and there didn't seem to be much of a choice.  I suppose what I mean by that is that nothing really appealed to me.  I ended up just sticking to breakfast type food because those were the most edible items there.  The fried chicken was also slightly good.  I scored a drumstick and it was perfect.  However, when I got a bigger piece of fried chicken, the batter was on point but it was dry on the inside.  I guess the smaller pieces are juicier.  I didn't even bother to eat dessert because my stomach seemed upset after 1 and 1/2 plates.  In retrospect, we should have just gone back to Aloha Specialties at California hotel & casino.
1	Ellen, a cashier there, needs to re-take a training on how to serve customers PROFESSIONALLY. No eye contact, rude/arrogant tone of attitude, and jumped to conclusion (rung up our order in full price before we could present coupon). When we told her about the coupon offer, she (still not looking at us) told us to go across the building to validate the coupon. When we couldn't find the place she directed us to, she just repeated the same instruction. We changed our mind and went to another buffet.
2	Steak was horrible. Was hungry, still couldn't eat those burned coals. Raw meat, no marination. all other foods were OK (meh). They get a lot of customers, so you guess what kinda service you might get. over all over-rated restaurant!
3	One word...LEFTOVERS! I secretly suspect they reheat leftovers -_- Went there two nights in a row, was surprised to see certain same food but in smaller amount, and the taste, texture of them...leftovers!
3	Easily paid 1/2 of what we paid for ANY other meal on The Strip, and got a great variety of food that was just fine by buffet standards. We went for breakfast, it wasn't crowded at all, they had a huge variety of hot items including "Make your own Omelet" and something I don't think you see enough of at buffets- TONS of fresh cold options like fresh fruit, yogurt, bagels and cream cheese. Servers were very friendly and kept on top of refills. If we go back to Vegas, I'll skip the buffet at Treasure Island and head back to this place for lunch or dinner.
4	We were heading downtown for a weekend of fun.  We wanted to start with the seafood buffet at Main street.  Fridays' are always seafood night, I had a coupon and my players card, so we knew we'd be getting a deal (didn't have to pay a dime for the meal, just the tip), so the long line was worth it.The food was really good.  There were crab legs of course, plenty of peel and eat shrimp, raw oysters, muscles and clams and there were the usual flair, salads, pizza, Mexican and Chinese sections.I have had a lot of seafood buffets in the past, and I know this isn't on the top of the list, but for the usual cost of $23.99, it's not bad.  I felt the crab legs were decent size, the oysters were a mouth full and the peel and eat shrimp fresh.  The broth on the clams was a little less flavorable, and the clams were a bit chewy, but overall, I enjoyed the food.  Service is great.
3	This particular buffet is certainly not the best in town by far, but the food is hot, simple, well prepared, a good amount of choices and the service is good and you might laugh but I like bread pudding and most places it's a bit thick/dense and dry (even with some sauce/glaze on top) but they have the BEST bread pudding I have had at any buffet. So they definitely deserve kudos for that.  I tried several choices and nothing was bad and I had a very nice simple dinner at a decent buffet.
4	Went to this buffet on a Saturday morning (one block off of Fremont Street).  We were happily surprised that it was a champagne brunch buffet for only $19.99.  The food was very good and the selection was vast and varied (American, Asian, Soul, etc.).  The service was super fast and couldn't actually get any better.  The atmosphere is gorgeous.  We liked it so much that we went back again that night and AGAIN the next morning.  I believe that a normal weekday breakfast is only about $7.99.
4	We were staying on the strip and my aunt was giving me a tour of Las Vegas and decided to stop by in Downtown and have dinner in the Garden Court Buffet in Main Street Station. This place is just walking distance to Fremont Street but the area is pretty seedy with homeless people asking you for money and hookers but that's downtown Vegas for you. The food here was not too bad and is just average like Hometown Buffet quality.It was worth trying but I wouldn't come back here, I'd rather save my money and go eat on Fremont Street where the food is cheaper and taste better. Customer service here was excellent and our waitress always checked on us and refilled our drinks but that's is not enough to bring me back here.
4	This is a great place for brunch, they have crepes, pancakes, waffles, omelets,cereal ,and so much more plus lunch entrees and pie slices for days. The service was terrible, but the food makes up for it.
4	Old school Vegas at its best! I am not a huge fan of the buffet circuit by any means, but I was impressed! Truly a 3.5 star....came on prime rib night just for fun and it was totally worth it. If you are seeking that old time vibe and possibly a sketchy parking lot, this is the place for you! Most of the food was pretty good! I have had much much worse at places double the price. I would definitely come here again for fun with friends but not for a 'hot date' ;)
3	Free is free. With tons of seating but only a few entrees to choose from, this place is worth a try if you're hungry.
4	Hands down, the Garden Court is the best all-you-can-eat buffet value in Las Vegas.  Located inside the Main Street Station casino.First of all, the basics: Breakfast ($7, 7A-1030A) and lunch ($8, 11A-3P) Mon-Fri; "Normal" dinner menu and price Monday, Wednesday, and Sunday ($11, 4P-10P); T-Bone Steak Night Tuesday ($14); Strip Steak & Shrimp Scampi Thursday ($14), Seafood Friday ($21), Prime Rib Saturday ($14), Sat-Sun Brunch (7A-3P, $11).  All prices reflect $1 discount for Boyd Casinos "B Connected" players' card holders  As at all casinos, players' cards are free to those over 21.  As of 9/1/12, each person has to enter the PIN associated with their players' card to receive the $1 discount.  This rule slows the line tremendously; the person who thought it up should be taken out and shot.Note: Main Street Station is not part of the Station Casinos chain; your Station Casinos card won't be honored. Full price charged to persons 3 and over, parties of 6 or more pay mandatory 18% tip.A typical dinner features carved brisket or turkey, pork chops, short ribs, salad bar, pasta bar, corn on the cob, giant broccoli, hot wings, collard greens, baked sweet potatoes, baked fish, Asian entrees, Mexican entrees, pizza, Hawaiian-style dishes such as real oxtail stew.  (Casino attracts large numbers of Hawaiian natives who are flown in on charters.) Beer, including house microbrews, & wine available ($3).Seafood night features hot & cold crab legs, steamed clams the size of your fist, blackened trout. Yes, the T-bones, strip steaks, scampi, and prime rib are all-you-can-eat on their respective nights.
3	Went there for breakfast. Price is good 6.99. The food is tasty. The made to order omelet was the best but the poor cook got no tips. Where I come from if you have some make you an omelet you leave him a tip. Not here. The polish sausage was great but they ran out and didn't refill. So sad. Overall the place was great.
3	This place was good for the affordable buffet price. Their "Pacific Rim" were the best tasting dishes, second would be the meats (brisket, prime rib, fried chicken, etc). This is a pretty standard downtown buffet, average food and fairly cheap. If I didn't have a sweet tooth I would've skipped their desserts all together. I think their seafood dishes, pasta, and desserts were my least favorite. Other than that, there's not much to complain about, you get what you paid for. The line can be very long especially if big parties crowd up the space. We got refills right away and the workers were quite friendly. Most of them were Filipino so my mom and grandma would chat it up haha. If I want to stuff my face in a buffet, this would not be my first choice. There are a couple affordable buffets in town that are slightly better in quality, but since my grandma receives coupons in the mail I wouldn't mind accompanying her from time to time.
4	Great value. Had Buffett plus cook to order NY steak and shrimp scampi for $14. Best buffet in downtown Vegas.
4	For a buffet, you can do much, much worse then Garden Buffet at Main Street Station Casino. I visited during CES 2013, and the buffet was not busy, but far from empty. All the patrons seemed to be enjoying their meals. I sampled a bit of everything, and I was pleasantly surprised. My only two complaints: the Ox Tail was over cooked, and the chocolate pie was gross. The Kaluah Pork was awesome, as well as all the other desserts. It's possible the chocolate pie was meant for the sugar free section, but was misplaced. With the exception of Seafood Friday, this buffet is good food, and a good value. My server, RJ, was at my table no less than 4 times. I'm very impressed with the service I received, and feel I got a good value for my money. It's not the greatest buffet, but for $12, it's the best buffet off Freemont, and the best food value.
3	I went there on Thanksgiving.  So they had few menu items out that they usually don't offer.This buffet is very comparable to most buffets.  I think they pretty much do the same thing at about 80% of all Las Vegas buffets.  This buffet offers standard fare.  I had nachos, prime rib, collard greens,sweet taters, taters and gravy, chocolate pie, lemon cream pie and pumpkin pie.like I said, standard buffet fare.  It was good.  that's it.I do like going to Main Street Station because of the easy access.
3	Cyndy's BOTTOM LINE:  the Portuguese sausage is very yummy!  Coffee is rich and smooth.Enjoyed the Portuguese sausage with eggs, corned beef hash, fried rice and the crispy bacon!  Service by Wil was excellent!  He will read your mind and bring you what you want without even asking!
4	11 buck Champange Brunch. Cant beat that with a stick. Food isnt anythng super glam...simple stuff but lots to choose from. I loved the brisket! Very clean...servers come around often and are very nice. If your downtown and on a budget come here!
2	This buffet is decently priced and has decent food. Nothing spectacular nothing horrid several stations Asian Mexican bbq salad bar Italian your typical Vegas buffet. I honedtly enjoyed the cicis pizza buffet more because I got to order my own pizza varieties.
3	Great place for a lot of variety. The price is very reasonable. The staff that waited on us and served out food were all very grumpy. But the food is pretty good.I recommend the Beef brisket and the sweet potatoes are amazing. My family also enjoyed the Waldorf salad, cornbread, and Nacho station. The salad bar is lacking a lot of toppings - it could be a lot better.It is wide open and very comfortable to dine there.
2	We went on Thursday steak and scampi night during the holidays, if you got a cooked right steak it was ok, but when I asked for Medium I felt like I got a hard medium well done, so its hit or miss.  The other food seemed traditional buffet style minimal quality food.  Salad bar is like a mixed green bag salad put into a bowl.  Taco/ Nacho area, chinese food section area, pasta (italian), hawaiian kalua pork & dessert.  Ice cream machine kept running out or they said broke so we need to wait for it to freeze (any vanilla gotten prior to them saying it melted before you even got back to your seat).Enjoyed the pineapple chicken, Shrimp scampi was in buttery/ creamy sauce so hard to eat too many, but decent tasting.Was real full by end, but felt more like just filling plates to not waste and eat everything.  Not eating memorable tasting food, just something to fulfill you until next meal time. Thursday $14.99 steak and shrimp night $1 savings if you get players card.
3	This is a spot the office will frequent because of the location and the price.  It's not the best buffet, but it is a solid spot for a quick lunch.  At $8.99, the Garden Court Buffet gets paid a visit at least once a pay period.The two things that stand out from everything else to me is the brisket and the hot wings. The brisket is hit or miss. When it's hit, it's melt in your mouth tender that'll make you want to rub it all over your body. When it's miss, it's dry and very undesirable. It's like eating a piece of bark. It is so worth it though when the brisket shows up with its' A game. Once in a while, they will serve roast beef instead. I can't say that I am a fan.The hot wings are nothing to write home about. Because I'm a creature of habit, I always have to get me at least four of these things whenever I'm feeding here. They're not even very spicy. They're just good and consistent. They have a little Hawaiian section located towards the back.  White rice and kalua pork is always there. Not the best kalua, but it's kalua. Sometimes I'll see Filipino dishes chillen in the cut. Not a bad selection.So if you find yourself at the Cal or in Main Street Station, Buckwheat say, "Buffet, O-TAY!!!"  :D
4	This was my 87 yr old dad and my first trip to Main St. Station. What an amazing property!  Is is classic and beautiful.The buffet was very well done, food was put out in small portions and constantly refreshed.  The omlette station person was a lot of fun and cooked them well.  The blintzes were nice, the ham was good.  The only complain we had was the potatoes were cold.  Staff was helpful and friendly.
3	You won't find a better deal for dinner. If you sign up for a player's card, you receive an additional discount. As buffets go, this is the best one in downtown Vegas. The food is consistently above average to very good and you won't be waiting in epic lines to get in, and to get your food. Of note, the desserts are top notch and the selection very good, although the steaks and brisket selections are often hit or miss. If you want to save some cash for the tables and fill up on decent food, then this buffet is your best bet.
2	All the food was crappy. I don't understand how so many obese people can cram so much food. One of the woman greeting at the front was hella rude. The host who seated us lead the 4 of us at a table for 3 and walked away. it was very much a  " welcome to PopCopy" moment. After we borrowed a chair from a nearby table our server came around to ask us about our drink needs, he was cool.As for the buffet. It is a good deal, for the price it might be one of the best deals in town but it is certainly not the best in town. There were a few decent choices. The Chinese food was not too bad but it was extra greasy. The meats all looked edible. Tons of shrimp, that might have been the best thing there. Soft serve ice cream, fried chicken and a huge salad bar. Most of the food was low quality and sort of crappy.
3	It's not fancy and probably not "the best" buffet in Vegas, but for the price, it fit the bill. I think we paid $12.99 each for dinner. It was kind of late, about 8:00 p.m., but the food was plentiful and fresh. I was dying for just a big salad and got my wish, along with some excellent red snapper. Dessert was fairly typical, along with soft serve ice cream. You can pay more at the upscale places on the Strip and get more interesting food,  but for just a good meal, I highly recommend Garden Court.
4	Great buffets! The best is like Sunday brunch...the dinners are alright just love the prime rib too, ny steak and shrimp is ok it tastes more like already cooked shrimped in scampi sauce, but the service is very friendly and it's a great selection of food from Kailua pig to Chinese to Mexican to African American to salads and deserts etc... The only problem we had was the cashier we had she gave an attitude she ended up charging our party separately don't know why it was one bill and we only had 7adults 1child and 1highchair....don't know what her problem was...but we had a great night and the food was good! Wouldn't mind coming here again on our next vacation.
4	Very nice setting and a good selection even on "regular" buffet nights.  Always have some sort of carved beef (usually brisket but Prime Rib on Fridays), smoked sausage, small Hawaii-Local and Chinese sections, pizza (really good when fresh), Mexican section, fried chicken, and other rotating items along with a huge dessert selection (including sugar free items) and small salad bar.  Discount on the buffet when showing free player's club card.  Big 40% discount when using points to pay for your meal.
2	This buffet needs to be updated. I have been going to Main Street Hotel and Casino for about 15 years. The only thing I really love about the place is the microbrews. I went to the buffet last night and it was $12.99 with your players card. The line was long. Took about 20 minutes to get seated. The food is basically the same stuff they have been serving for the last 15 years I have been going there. Everything is average at best. The food is very fatty and not the choicest cuts of meat. I spent more time waiting in line to eat than I actually did eating. The service sucked. I got one drink (and it was completely full of ice) and no refills. Step up the quality of food Main Street. I am no longer eating there again!
5	This is one of the best, cheap buffets in Vegas. I like Main Street Station because I used to stay here as a kid. I recently went back to eat and was happy that it was still good. I love the Hawaiian section, my first picks were Kalua Pig and Chicken Long Rice. I was happy they had local favorites! Then I went for the Pizza, yum! It's a nice, clean place, with a lot of variety!
4	One of my favorite buffet places to eat breakfast........... The Garden Court Buffet at the Mainstreet Hotel offers a  ton of items!It's hard to describe, but this place probably has everything under the sun for what you're looking for!For me, what I like to eat here for breakfast is the Chicken Fried Steak! It is a meaty, breaded, fried meat patty, which you can add on the white mushroom gravy, & throw it into a biscuit! Yeah, it maybe a little unhealthy............but so long as you don't eat it everyday...........it's all about moderation right? Add in a little scrambled egg & cut fried potatoes and we are good to go!This buffet is so big, they offer the basic breakfast meats - bacon, ham, sausages, egg & Portuguese sausages. There is also many types of fruit if you're looking for something healthy...........and they do offer the oatmeal, waffles, & pastries too.  Too many items to eat in one sitting I must say, but at least you can try a little at a time when you go to this place........Breakfast is very inexpensive...........even cheaper if you have Boyd Beconnected Card.  Service is pretty good..........no bad considering the waiter or waitress has to also bus their own tables too, besides serving the drinks.
3	I saw one of there signs that said breakfast buffet for $7.99 it turned out to be $12.99 cause weekends it comes with champagne. I thought it was kind of misleading. The breakfast buffet was nothing to write home about, not very good
4	Regular breakfast at $6.99 with card is fine. Excellent omelet cook. Some cool extras like miso soup, chicken fried steak, donut holes. Serves a Hawaiian crowd since connected to the Cal (take the bridge and there is a Lappert's ice cream shop). Everything on the buffet looks fresh even the sliced tomatoes. Only issue was weak coffee and slow on refills. Nice bright room, too.
2	As Far as Buffet's go I have had better and I have had worse it was just ok
4	Always consistent probably the best deal in downtown. Food always good and price wise you can't go wrong.
2	Eh. I've had better.
4	Good buffet in downtown.It is really cheap. Definitely worth the trip to downtown for a cheaper buffet. It may be out of the way, but if you were to explore the downtown area, then it is worth the trip.It is really easy to get here via SDX and the Deuce. The hot food bar is not as extensive as some of the other buffets in town. They do have a big dessert section but most of them look just alright. Get the B Connected free membership card. Even if you don't have the card with you or don't join the membership, it is still under $10 for lunch on weekdays.
4	I was there on Seafood Night (also known as the greatest night ever conceived.)Ok so the crab legs were not gigantic, but they were still very good. Fresh oysters, crawfish, and clams were also available. I must mention the Kaluha Pork and collard greens, I know not seafood, but a most Welcome surprise. All in all a very good buffet, worth checking out if you are Downtown. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Been here twice, with the most recent this past weekend. So, if we went back it was obviously A-OK! Friday night is seafood buffet night. They had ample crab legs, oysters, clams, et al. I indulged in quite a few, of all of the above! Also macked out on some prime rib (medium rare and moist) and other entree items. The sausages at the prime rib grill were quite tasty too! I don't waste the valuable 'real estate' in my gut on most veggies, potatoes, Mexican foods, pastas (aka noodles), or pizza / breads.Our 'waiter', if there is such a thing at a buffet, cleared our tables of the used plates in a timely fashion, as well as filled our drinks. If there is any complaint about the food it would probably be directed at the desserts. Nothing exceptional there, but then again I usually don't leave much 'real estate' for such items.I read a review from a guy who stated he has been going here for the past 15 years and gave a crappy rating because they had not changed up the menu much since he first started patronizing the place. No complaint about the foods quality, quantity, etc. Yet, he keeps going back... Really? Really? WTF?
4	The Garden Court Buffet at Main Street Station is easily the best buffet option in Downtown Las Vegas. The quality is the best by far and the value is there, too. $9.75 all you can eat lunch with a carving station? Nice! Breakfast is a bit less, dinner a bit more. All are worth the price of admission.The Garden Court Buffet is not one of the new fangled high-end buffets that have taken over resorts on the Strip. Rather, it offers a huge variety of decent to above-average food for a very fair price.The buffet service line is probably a good 300 feet long, starting with Hawaiian cuisine, followed by Asian, Mexican, fried goodies, a carving station, roasted chicken, veggies, American, Italian, pizza, and a salad bar. Then, there's an enormous dessert island with  similarly vast options.The carving station routinely has tasty meats of very good quality. It was brisket and turkey for lunch today and both were moist and delicious. During breakfast hours, the carving station is used to create custom omelets. The guy who juggles the eggs in pans over six burners has been doing it since I was teenager and I came with Mom & Dad. So, 10 years maybe? He's pretty incredible.Service is always good and the staff is quick to provide refills...a big plus in my book.This is definitely one of the best values in all of Vegas. Give it a whirl when you're looking for chow Downtown.
3	During peak hours the line gets super long.Came here after the lunch peak hours. Since we had our coupon books we paid before we got seated.There is a lot of choices from the salads to the entrees. The salad was okay. The pizza had a taste that I didn't like so I didn't finish that.The brisket was good. There was a chef being the counter cutting up either that or the chicken.They had local food, not as good but still yummy.They have a dessert area, had ice cream! A bit too rich.Our waiter came by often to fill our drinks and remove finished plates.
3	Lately I've been eating at a lot of buffets. Everyone pretty much has the same items so I've started creating my own dishes from what I'm presented with.  I've already liked this buffet.  This one time I came here for a Sunday Brunch, I got full on all their usual breakfast dishes.  Looking for something different I discovered my new addiction by mistake, it's brisket in miso soup with green onion FTW it's so freaking good. At the carving station I asked for a piece of brisket it already looked good. I grabbed a bowl to put au jus into, which is usually next to the carving station, but it was miso soup instead and since I didn't want to waste the miso soup I added green onion just as your suppose to and was going to finish it after the brisket. I ended up dunking pieces of brisket into the miso soup and loved it.  I went back for 2nds and 3rds. I've been back 2 more other times just looking for miso soup and brisket.  The last time they had brisket and hid the miso soup in another section. I found it and enjoyed just plates of it. Trust me forget the rest of the item and just do brisket and miso soup with green onion unless it's crab legs but even on those nights I might just do it only.They place gets busy and lines do get long but I don't think any of them know about this brisket and miso soup combination haha.
3	Full disclosure: i hate Las Vegas with every fiber of my being. The only reason I found myself there recently was a one-night stop for work. I hadn't eaten for hours, and I couldn't justify paying $50 to visit one of the fancier buffets. So after some research, I settled on the Garden Court. The food itself is serviceable; imagine caloric staples like enchiladas, fried chicken, or pizza and you'll get the idea. I was impressed by the wide variety of options for optimal gluttony, and I happened to be there on t-bone steak night. Any place where you can eat as many t-bone steaks as your heart desires gets at least three stars in my book. But don't get your hopes up for anything except a food coma. The place is drab, artificial-looking, and full of unsavory characters. Just like Vegas.
2	We thought this buffet was at the California so upon arrival we followed the signs and ended up at Main Street Station.  It's an OK buffet, but nothing really stands out.  The service was ok, the food was average, but the parking was free and the Freemont experience was close.
2	I used to swear by this buffet (in downtown) - and we were planning on eating here. But while were gambling a monsoon decided to visit us in downtown Vegas. The reason I know - I got a severe weather warning on my phone and the slot machines we were playing on lost power. So I go look outside and its pouring rain and crazy lightning. Streets are flooded. So we were somewhat stuck at MainStreet - so we decided to eat at the Garden Buffet. Line was ridiculous. While in the line - there was zero A/C in the buffet, the power outage knocked out the A/C. After about 45 minutes we were finally seated and as I walked by the dessert area, I noticed there was a lot of condensation on the glass and they had buckets near the self serve ice cream areas. Are they gonna serve us desserts that had been sitting out for hours without refrigeration???? I made sure to not have any dessert. A full dining area with no a/c made for a really bad dinner. Im sure it was just an isolated incident - but they handled it poorly.
3	This is a very cheap buffet, probably one of the cheapest you will find in Vegas, and the food isn't bad. I think the prices are: 6.99 for breakfast, 7.99 for lunch, 8.99 for dinner. The prices are higher on certain days of the week, example T-Bone Tuesdays or Seafood Fridays (I think?) and Sunday brunch. I came here for lunch and they had a variety of different foods: Chinese food, Mexican food, southern food, Italian food, etc. along with a salad bar and some fruit (canned peaches and pineapples). The service here was super slow. There were two small families in front of us waiting to be seated when we got there, but we looked around the buffet and probably 85% of the tables were empty! I could not figure out why they were making us wait when there were so many open tables. A waitress came over and stood near all of us who were waiting in line. She started talking on a walkie-talkie to another waitress who was standing about 20 feet away from her, so close that we could actually hear her talking without the walkie. They were just wasting time talking about which tables to seat people at for at least five minutes, trying to make it seem like they were dealing with a really intense situation. It was a joke.After finally being seated I noticed there were lots of tables with dirty dishes on them that hadn't been cleaned yet, and a LOT of servers just walking around slowly talking to each other or laughing, hardly working at all. That explains why they were making us wait- because nobody was clearing the tables. Our waiter took forever to come take our drink order; I was so thirsty I had to pull out a bottle of water from my purse to drink (that's how long it took). It's not like they were super busy or short on workers, there were probably more workers there than guests. They were just REALLY slow. I had heard a lot of good things about this place so I had my hopes up, but it kind of disappointed me. The food was alright, nothing special. However the price was great for Vegas so I would probably deal with the slow service and come here again on my next Vegas trip.
4	What a great find! A very reasonable price good for the entire family. The food was better than I expected. No wonder there was a long line. I got too full I couldn't get to the famous oxtail soup that everyone is raving about. Well, next time. My favorite was their Kahlua Pork and chocolate cake!!
1	By best buffet and best deal you mean largest and cheapest then you are correct. However if you want good food for a good price go somewhere else. This buffet is large but the food comes right out of a can. There is absolutely no taste. So if you're looking for a good downtown buffet try the golden nugget. If you're looking for the best then go to the new strip and try Wynn or any of the high end hotels. You can't go wrong.
4	I went to their Friday night Seafood dinner.  The price was reasonable for what they had to offer.  I had oysters, raw and stemmed crab legs, tilapia, cooked clams, raw shrimp, and i specially loved their coconut shrimp and cooked oysters they had this creamy sauce that was amazing.  I wasn't too much of a fan of their shrimp ceviche it was okay, as for the flavors in the salmon they were kind of strange and I only ate it cause I didn't want to throw it away.  As for dessert the carrot cake was not at all good I'm glad i only got the small piece, but I loved their mouse chocolate roll and coconut macaroon.
3	Cheap food, cheap quality, hit and miss service.Who I'd Take Here: Large groups of friends and family.Comparable to: Paradise Buffet, any other buffet in Freemont.Notes: A wall of the bathroom (the casino bathroom nearest to this location) is ostensibly a part of the Berlin wall.Food Quality: 4Sunday brunch at this location is only $12 with the club card. This is an excellent price. I've been here twice, and the food is pretty much on par with what you paid for (OK). The prime rib is OK, but avoid the brisket because they cut it at the wrong angle (chewy) and it needed a few more hours in the slow cooker. Note that the bar near the restaurant will serve you beer in the $1 range for a cup.+1 price.Service Quality: 2 The service here is pretty hit and miss. When it hit, it was pretty good. When it missed, we went our entire meal without drink refills. That time, we saw our waiter twice. -1 bad service.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 3The decorations on the ceiling remind me of Bioshock Infinity. Otherwise, its pretty generic. Like the service, the cleanliness is hit or miss. This is located in the Main Street Station casino, which itself is located at the end of the Freemont Street Experience.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = 3
2	I've been a loyal fan of your buffet for 10 years but it's obvious that you've cut costs on a lot of your food. I ate here for breakfast for 4 days and dinner for 1 day.It seems like a lot of your food now comes straight from a can.What happened to fresh mushrooms for your egg omelette station? It's now a nasty can mushroom where the liquid from the can mushroom just soaks all into the omelette giving the omelette a bad taste.  Whats up with that nasty spray you now spray your omelettes with? What happened to your fresh diced tomato that used to accompany the taco and nacho station??? Whats up with all the canned salsa? There was one tomato and onion dish that was more onion than tomato. Are fresh tomatoes too costly?What happened to your fresh waffles? Now it looks like something that was just heated up from a frozen box. What happened to the cinnamon rolls you used to have? It used to be fresh, soft and full of cinnamon, close to Cinnabon style. Now it looks like something heated up from a frozen state. Hard, no cinnamon and no butter.Gone are the manapua and mochi rice dishes you used to have at the start of the buffet near the rice.Your apple pie has no apples, all syrup filling.Chicken, ribs, most meat dishes are tough and dry.Many of your meat dishes are frozen patties that reminds me of what I ate as an elementary school kid. Frozen chicken patty that you call chicken parmigiana.You think your customers won't notice all the cuts you've made in your food? Bleh!Also, what was up with only having one cashier on a Sunday morning brunch only catering to the VIP line? We stood in the regular line for a long time with no cashier on our side and with all the empty tables inside. Eventually a cashier was called, but to have no cashier during Sunday Brunch and only catering to the VIP line is inexcusable.I've been a fan of your buffet for so long but am no longer a fan.
3	Not sure where the rave reviews come from.  This buffet is pretty damn decent but I read that it was the best in Vegas.  That title I still give to Bellagio.
5	I have discovered in the few trips that I have made to Vegas that buffets are hit or miss, and Garden Court is definitely a HIT! The sheer variety and quality of the food is astounding, and I'm so glad we took the short walk over to Main Street Station from our home base at the Fremont Casino. (The Paradise Buffet at the Fremont is mediocre at best)I love Asian food, and the Garden Court had Chinese and Japanese selections, all of which were fresh, flavorful, and uncharacteristically NOT overcooked (A sad reality for most buffet food). The miso soup was quite honestly one of the best I have ever tasted, and I consider myself a miso soup connoisseur. I went back for seconds! They have carving stations for turkey, ham, and beef, and the sides are delicious. The macaroni and cheese was especially excellent. Fried chicken was plump, juicy, and perfectly seasoned. You won't find any dried out nubs of rubber in that tray!The desert selection for lunch was typical: pies, cakes, cupcakes, and cookies. But they did have some special little selections, like miniature cheesecakes which were tasty, but nothing I would scream about. Service was great and the restaurant was very clean and comfortable. It is inside the Main Street Station Casino, which has a... Railroad theme.... shocking, I know.  I thought the entire building and decor were beautiful, although the casino itself left a bit to be desired. But we enjoyed Garden Court so much that we happily went back for lunch a second time.We did not try breakfast or dinner here, but we certainly will try them on a future trip. For the price, quality, and value, I can't think of a better buffet downtown.
4	Been here a few times for lunch over the years and it is probably the best buffet downtown. There's never too long of a line and the food is always pretty decent and for 8 bucks you really can't beat it. I came here for lunch again this week because a friend of mine was in town and staying on Fremont St. There was a small line when we arrived but we got through it in a matter of minutes.There was a carving station serving ham or turkey, salad bar, dessert area, as well as Italian, Mexican, Hawaiian/Asian, and American food selections. My favorites are always the wings and I usually start with those and see how many I can eat before grabbing other items. They used to have sauced hot wings, but this time they only had fried wings so I was kind of disappointed about that and couldn't eat very many. The kalua pork and spicy tofu in Hawaiian/Asian section were pretty good too. Everything else is pretty standard buffet foods such as chicken, pizza, pastas, taco bar, etc.The staff is efficient here and kept coming by to grab our plates and bring us refills on our sodas. Overall it's a pretty good little buffet. They also have themed dinners certain nights such as T-bone Tuesdays, seafood Fridays and prime rib Saturdays
4	Saturday and Sunday bubbly brunch for 10.99!  Not too shabby!  Since my boyfriend and I play at Main Street, we received a coupon in the mail for a 2 for 1 buffet!  We don't usually venture to buffets all to often, but we had to use this coupon...what a deal!  Came here on a Saturday at about 11 am. When we got there, there were about 5 people in front of us in line, but it moved quickly.  The cashier seemed very efficient and she was friendly.  The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated.  When we were seated, our server asked us what we would like to drink.  We naturally replied "Champagne, please!" Bottomless bubbly for brunch...yes please!  We are both vegetarians, so I was scared there wouldn't be too many meatless options, but I was surprised to find they catered to all.  The buffet isn't huge, but I though it was the perfect size.  It never got too crowded.  We were able to get the items we wanted with ease.  They have many breakfast items, which included scrambled eggs, waffles, french toast, pancakes, country potatoes, an omelet bar, biscuits and gravy,cinnamon buns,  etc.  For the meat lovers out there, they have a carving station with ham and turkey.  The buffet got a little international with a Chinese, Italian, Mexican section, which served veg and non-veg options.  They also have a salad and condiment bar.  Whenever we were seated, our server asked us if we would like more champagne.  She was very attentive.  Her attentiveness definitely helped us get a buzz during brunch.  She was great! The dessert section included all sorts of pies, cakes, bread pudding, donuts, vanilla and chocolate ice cream.  They even have a no sugar added dessert section. We will definitely be back to the Garden Court Buffet for bubbly brunch!
4	A perennial favorite and probably my favorite among buffets. My husband started coming here with his dad since 2003 and with me since 2010. The quality has been high ever since and once you get past being in downtown, the ambiance in the buffet dining room itself is pleasant as well. The buffer offers a large selection, including for vegetarians like myself, without compromising quality. The food is flavorful, fresh and all around well crafted. We'll be back.
4	This buffet is located inside the Main Street Station hotel in Downtown Las Vegas. Came here Friday night for seafood night. 21.99 w/ players card discount 22.99 if you don't have one luckily  they accepted the food vouchers we got from the Cal (same owners) Good selection of food since it was seafood night they had snow crab legs, shrimps, fish of different variations. They also have your salads, pizza, pastas, mexican foods, chinese foods and desserts. Note on one side the crab legs were cold and the other side has warm steamed crab legs. I won't say this is the best buffet in Vegas but for downtown it's at the top along with the Golden Nugget's one. It's worth it if you're a big eater or a buffet lover.
4	This is where I come after I take off all my gold chains and rings. I slip on my Gucci loafers and scoop up the last $8.27 I have flung around the hotel room in quarters. I grab my players card dangling from the air duct in the bathroom and pony up here for for a lil afternoon delight. #MainstationPlayersSummitDay2Luncheon.Show time in the Garden court.
3	A good option for a downtown Vegas casino buffet, if that's what you're looking for.  Lots of variety, but little to inspire.  We went on the "Tuesday T-bone" night, which was fine.  The steak was fair, but note the speciality night raises the price.  If you're looking to please a large group with different tastes, or just very hungery, I guess its a good option.
4	The food was great with an outstanding selection. T-Bone Tuesday for $15.99 was a great deal.  The service and atmosphere were good and the restaurant appeared every clean.
3	11.28.13.Happy Thanksgiving Yelpers!!Our family's very non-traditional Thanksgiving was spent stuffing our faces with turkey at Main Street Station's Garden Court Buffet (~$20).This has to be one of my favorite buffets in downtown LV, probably because I've always liked the decor of this one better than the others in this downtown area. The food here isn't bad either; a good variety of American, Mexican, and Asian options. And on this Thanksgiving Day, the turkey, prime rib & ham were pretty delish for a buffet.There is also a salad bar & a dessert bar here--soft serve too!! My only complaint about this place...the staff was VERY unfriendly. Maybe it was because they had to work on Thanksgiving, but 1) prime rib/ham cutting guy was so rude & 2) the dessert lady was so grouchy about refilling the soft serve cones, which they ran out of.(Dinner) winners of the night were def the festive foods but also "the works" nachos that our family devoured that night! Yes, to guacamole & processed cheese--YUM!Sorry, no reservations here; it's first come, first serve! But make sure to bring your Player's Card for a discount on the per person fee!Yelp 365 Challenge: #331/365
4	Food is good and lots to choose from. I love the custom omelette..!!! Around the world type food, something for everyone..
4	I ended up at the Garden Court Buffet for a distant cousin's birthday. Not that she picked the place, her grandfather did and he's one of the patriarchs of the family, who I am to argue. Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food as well as the cleanliness of the dining area of this buffet. I won't go into details about what I expected to see but I will say that I didn't wear my buffet pants (elastic band sweats) because I didn't expect to eat much. Not that I did eat much as I'm trying to keep my girlish figure - I just have to say that this isn't a bad buffet at all. The service was awesome. I never had to even look for her to refill my drinks and she wasn't just refilling them, she was bringing out clean cups filled with new ice. She cleared our plates all the while maintaining that level of service for her entire area (our party size was 19). As for the food, it wasn't bad. I didn't eat much however, everything I did have wasn't too bland, too tough or made me sick. It was a pretty wide variety as far as their selection goes for their lunch offering. Maybe one day I'll try their dinner.
4	Their Champaign Brunch is a great deal (Saturday/Sunday) for only $10.99. Good selection of "comfort foods" and deserts. The wait staff is attentive and quick to refill drinks and clear the table. I have been here many times and have not had a bad experience.This isn't a fancy buffet, but for the price and location (Fremont Street), you can't beat this deal.
1	The food quality and selection were not good.  The desserts looked as if they had been prepared by Wal-Mart.  I will not be going back for seconds.
1	Note, my wife and I are Las Vegas locals and always eat out.We went to this buffet, for the first time, on Thursday night which features Steak and Shrimp. The steaks were delicious almost melting in your mouth. My wife cut her steak with a butter knife.We went the next Thursday for the same featured Steak and Shrimp. This time the steaks were tough and we had trouble cutting it with steak knives. We immediately stacked the plates with the steaks for removal. We informed the waiter and he said to wait, try it again in 30 minutes, and perhaps the steaks would be from another strip of beef. We waited 30 minutes and sampled various items during our respite. The Italian Sausage was overcooked and hard, the enchiladas were also overcooked and hard. It was as if the chef wasn't working that evening and underlings were cooking, unsupervised. After 30 minutes we went back up, informed the steak server of how tough our previous steaks had been. He shrugged his shoulders and said, "try another." Once again the steak was tough and inedible. We tipped the waiter and left, it wasn't his fault.We will NEVER go to the Main Street Station Garden Court Buffet again.
3	Though this place is a bit away from the main Vegas strip area, if you're looking for a decent buffet without a crazy long line you'll typically run into at the main casinos, then it's worth the visit!Food isn't the best but for $14.99 during dinner time, it's not too shabby. The best thing they have here is probably the prime rib (ask for a thick rare slice), don't forget the horseradish by the way! Service is a little slow for drinks and table cleaning but hey, it's $14.99! Don't expect top notch food and desserts! But if you're starving and craving for an AYCE without the typical 1 hour or more wait elsewhere, this is the spot to hit up.
4	Awesome breakfast good deals.
4	Wow this was unexpected! Truly a hidden gem located inside the Main Street Station casino in old downtown. I've never been inside before but always heard they have a really nice buffet for a good price. So I decided to come here for Sunday brunch and give it a try. The price is $11.99 but if you sign up for a players card the price drops to $10.99 and includes champagne. The brunch buffet has all the usual breakfast and lunch basics, omelet station, salad bar, Mexican and Asian foods. Also a nice dessert selection too. The design and atmosphere was bright and cozy and felt like Main Street Disneyland. This place isn't as fancy or pricey as some of the Sunday Brunches on the strip, but the food was fresh and good. I would definatly come again.
5	Probably the best and affordable buffet in Vegas! I've been coming here since I was a kid and its still pretty awesome. I'm from Hawaii, but living in California now, so it was nice to see they still have their Hawaiian food section. I unfortunately practice fish Fridays for lent, so I couldn't eat the Kalua Pig booo, however, Friday is Seafood Night at Garden Court so I lucked out. Their Oysters Rockefellar was really good, the oyster was super small, like barely there, but the sauce was on point! I just got some pasta and poured it over the noodles, so bomb! I know you don't go to a Seafood Buffet for pizza, but Garden Court pizza is really good. Soo many desserts too, I liked the Keylime Cheesecake and Pecan Pie.I always come here when I'm in Vegas, good food, decent price!
4	One of my favorite places to eat downtown.  They rarely disapoint in the quality departnent.Excelllent value.
4	I'd definitely say this is one of the best buffets on the Fremont Strip, and absolutely worth the price! We've never had any of the weekly special buffets, but my husband and I love the regular buffet spread. Great fried chicken, flavorful pizza, and even some Hawaiian food. You'll find plenty to eat.
3	This is actually good lunch buffet for the price you pay.  They have good beef brisket -not too tough- and their fried chicken is moist and not salty. Skip the egg rolls unless you like the egg roll skin. Lol you get a slither of some thing. Lol kahlua pork is underseasoned but add ur own chili and you are set. Collard greens is good. Corn bread is alright. They have taco station complete with chips and cheese sauce and enchiladas. They also have Asian station and Hawaiian station. Italian too. Honestly, if there was a half to add, this place is a solid 3.5 stars. Service is nice. People are nice in general. Two people less than 20 bucks. You park across the street and pay up front for parking but if you take your buffet receipt and parking ticket to the cashier cage you get your money back.Happy eating everyone!
5	For the money, best buffet that I've been to in Las Vegas. There are better buffets, but you'll pay a lot more. The food here was good, and the area was also clean. I'd recommend this place over the much pricier places.
3	We came on a Monday night around 6:00, and there were maybe 5 others in line.  It's $10.99 and includes drinks (soda, milk, iced tea, etc.).  That deserved a 5 star.Service was excellent.  She asked for our drink preference and came back many times to check on us.  That deserved another 5 star.Ultimately, it does come down to the food.  I rate that a 2.  I started off w/the garden salad.  It was iceberg lettuce only and then I added toppings.  There were maybe a maximum of 10 toppings.  The bacon looked like it was made onsite (not from jar or bag), but it was overcooked.  My second plate was the "American" food:  meatloaf (just okay with slightly overwhelming red pepper taste); mashed potato and corn (ordinary); and sausage, fish w/terragon sauce, vegetable lasagna (none tasted good).  Most of that plate was not eaten.  My next plate was kalua pork and chicken pancit (OK).  The best item was probably the fried chicken if you got the right pieces.  We had a couple of thighs that were juicy inside and golden crispy outside.Dessert looked good tasted pretty good; too bad I was too full to really enjoy it.  I got a couple of slices of fruit, a piece of pound cake, and a strawberry tart.  There was soft serve ice cream, but I forgot to get it before I left.While I am looking for a less expensive buffet in Vegas, this one missed the mark.
2	What happened to this place.  Last time we were in Vegas this placed rated a strong 4 star.  Went to lunch 2 days ago and got there at 11:00 when it opened. The salad bar did not have as many selections as their 2 sister properties (Gold Coast and Orleans) and we eat 90% veggies. The service was great.  Was a disappointment.
4	Another excellent meal on 4/29/2014 at this place. I love their food selection and Southern style taste. We even had the same waiter from a previous visit. Wish I had gotten his name. Excellent service. My collard greens were exceptional as well as the meat loaf and cherry pie. Only very slight disappointment was my wife's T-bone steak. Tasty but not the most tender steak ever eaten. Especially love that this buffet is in Main Street Station casino where I did well in a few minutes of video poker play. A very clean, decorous, and seemingly well managed place with good food at very reasonable prices.
5	Great price. Great food.  Great variety.  Great service.  No wait. Sunday at 900 am.  Seated fast.  Breakfast, eggs to order.  Free parking if you shoe receipt to cashier in casino floor.  They will reimburse you.Paid 57 dollars at Bacchanal.  Paid 35 for three here.  And yes it was great quality food.
1	Went to this buffet years and years ago and then had a bad experience so stayed away until about three months ago. Then went back for the Sunday breakfast and was pleasantly surprised in the food and the service. Went back again for Sunday breakfast a month ago and the food quality was down but thought what the heck....give it another chance. So went for Sunday breakfast on Mothers Day and what a  disappointment. The staff in the dining room could not have been nicer and that has never changed. They are all pleasant and nice and make sure your drinks are never empty and the plates are cleared off the table. BUT..........The food quality was way down and the whole time we were there.....almost no staff behind the food stations and not one of them had a smile or nice comment for any of us. It was almost like they were having a fight with the dinning room staff and the staff behind the food stations did not want to be there.There was almost no fresh fruit.....lots of canned stuff but who wants that for breakfast? The pizza/roll station was pretty much empty and not a staff member to be seen behind the station. There were two very hard cinnamon rolls left and I finally found a staff member behind the station and asked when they would be putting out more food. Her response was....oh probably in about 5 min !!!!!! They finally put some more out but when I walked up I saw her drizzling them with the sugar coating so thought hey FRESH rolls !!! Not !!! They had been baked at least the day before, were cold, over cooked, and then they place them under the heat lamp to make you think they are fresh. Yikes !!!!!Tried the eggs Benedict next and if you only want to eat the egg and ham....they are ok.Did you know you can hold an english muffin in the kitchen somehow so that even a knife will not cut through them? They werent just tough.....they were solid.What can I say about the carving station. The brisket is the most dry and tough brisket I have ever had.....even botching it up at home. When I got there...there was just a little sliver of brisket left and no ham. Other people were coming up but the guy had walked away and wasnt serving anyone. Then when he came back...he pulled more brisket and ham out from under the station and started serving people again.We are locals and have our choice of where to go. We will not be going back here again for several more years. If you have a choice try another buffet for breakfast....it cant be as bad as this one.
4	This buffet at one time was really tasty. Things have changed some, they are cutting back in quality and variety of food.      The chicken wings at one time were the bomb. Now they are some kind of breaded and frozen thing that lack any real qualities to be edible.      The salad bar always used to feature two kinds of lettuce, now it seems the Romaine has disappeared. Same way with the cottage cheese, and real cheese.      The beef brisket is hit or miss, sometimes lean, sometimes all fat. But for the price on a Sunday, Monday, or Wednesday of 10.99, you still cannot go wrong.     Be careful reading these reviews, there is only one live station at this place, and that is the meat carving, (turkey, brisket, ham).      When you look at the price of buffets in this town, easily two to three or four times as much money, this place will definitely get my future business.
2	Went to Garden Court Buffet Sunday eve about 8:30pm, because I was craving their Oxtail Stew & Kalua  Pork & Cabbage.1st disappointment was, no Kalua Pork & Cabbage.2nd disappointment was pizza was not fresh. I guess if they are little slow, food stays there?3rd disappointment was Enchiladas was dried up & stuck to pan. See photo.A good buffet would monitor food, and at least keep food looking fresh. There were enough chefs standing around.I kinda waited to see if they would add new food.They did add new Oxtail Stew which was a plus.Finally before I left, the chef monitoring the Mexican food took the dried up enchiladas to a back table. I thought he was going to trash the old food but he struggled, scraped off the dried up stuck enchiladas and put them into a new clean pan. Then put them back on steam table for serving.Can you believe he had the nerve to serve that old food & didn't even freshen it up with more enchilada sauce? See 2nd photo of scraped enchiladas in new pan.Yuk!! Shame on you! Is that what the Head Chef tells you to do?Or maybe you were the head chef?Oxtail Stew = 3.5 starsPizza = 2.5 starsTilapia = 2.5 starsCarving station = 3 stars Enchiladas = Minus 5 starsBBQ ribs = 3 starsCorn from Cobb = 3.5  starsDessert = 2.5 starsStill craving Kalua Pork & Cabbage.
5	Its really cheap to eat here so I loved that..! Our waitress Carol was so nice and I loved that she was very friendly with my 2 year old. The customer service and the bread pudding were my favorite things about thia place.
5	Servers were charming and smart, food was delicious, fresh, beautifully prepared. We had a splendid time, will always eat here when in Las Vegas.
2	Very meh.  Absolutely mediocre.  Fatty beef, dry chicken, bad bleu cheese.  I will not be back.  This was for the lunch buffet.
5	great buffet, great staff, and great selection.  It's not the best buffet, but probably the best value in Vegas.  We came here for Sunday brunch and it was a nice bright environment, came with champagne and free parking.  We waited about 20 minutes for a table.  You get free parking, and a huge selection of many types of cuisine from mexican tamales to chinese pork buns to southern fried chicken and collard greens to prime rib.  Only issue was the Eggs Benedict seemed a bit old and tough, but loved the selection of pies, blueberry, banana cream, pumpkin, many choices and they were all good.
2	Mediocre buffet. We moved to Vegas 2 years ago and used to come here often for the prime rib night. Food was good never amazing. But now it has been just too bad with some not edible items. Today I asked to talk to the chef as some dishes were spoiled and overcooked. A "manager" came by my table and starting arguing with me saying that the overcooked rice was sticky rice (the sign said clearly white rice) and the fried rice was rice pilaf (the sign said fried rice). Anyway, after he saw me taking a picture of both dishes he came and apologized and said he was going to advice the chef to check the dishes. The server in the other hand was fantastic. Plates were picked up as soon as we were done eating, drinks were refilled properly and he was always on top of his game. There are many good buffets in town, not wasting my money and time in a place like that ever again.
2	Ehhh this buffet isn't anything great norIs it horrible. Went for breakfast today and there was the normal breakfast items. A lot of it seemed not freshly made and microwaveable food. Even the country style hash browns we're some frozen crap. Oh and the chicken fried streak tasted like a TV dinner. Asked for chocolate milk and they only have plain milk. Went there for lunch a few weeks ago and again nothing special and the food wasn't all that great. Felt like I was eating in a cafeteria. I laughed when I read the sign outside that said "one of the top 5" buffets in Vegas" lmao ya right!
3	It was steak night. 14.99 for everyone above 3 years old. My kids are not going to eat a t-bone. T-bones were rubbery. Waiter (drink getter?) Was not attentive. No shrimp anywhere. Not many app type food.  That's the bad. The good was the soul food was really good, the Spanish pork was good, the salad bar. For every 3 items, one thing would look good enough to eat. Some stuff looked really dry. Like the Spanish rice, rice pilaf, salmon, tilapia, they were all pretty dry. I would definitely go back for lunch. I would never go again for dinner.
4	We ate here throughout our stay due to being a part of the vouchers we received. The food was great. Had some hard waffles and not so great tasting soul food, but I can't complain about the rest. There was a good selection so even the pickiest eaters would be able to find something to eat. I would recommend the Saturday/Sunday brunch as you can get either breakfast or lunch. When we come back will come back again. Maybe next time we will not wake up so late and can make the breakfast buffet.
5	Old vegas style buffet.  Really good value.  Fried chicken is really good, sadly mediocre dessert such as jello and jello pudding.  If you are lucky they have good fruits as well.Very interesting interior.  You must try at least once.  Keep in mind this isnt a fine dining.  More like diner feel.
1	Golden coral with few more options. Heck golden coral food taste better! Prime rib is the only decent dish. 1 soup available,  breads are hard, all deserts are factory made nothing seems to be really made from their kitchen, only 1 seafood serve(fish swimming in butter) No crab legs mussels clams etc. Rice dish sucks, even breakfast eggs has weird taste. Never coming back to this place.
2	Yuck! I don't know how this buffet got any good ratings.Food was bland,dry,and over cooked.The worst prime rib in Vegas I have tried so far.The service was great and the price was reasonable,but honestly I would have been happier eating at  the micro brewery next door.The food looked good there.And we got there as soon as it opened for dinner,so there was no excuse for not having fresh food
5	My husband and I have been to many different kind of buffets. But in vagas by far this one takes the cake! The food the dessert and the friendly service is wonderful. Prime Rib Friday is like you can die after eating this piece of meat. Friday sea food night excellent we payed a fraction of what we payed at high end buffets but this is the one to go when you are hungry.
4	This is probably my "go to" buffet when Im in Downtown. Just like Market Street Cafe in the California Hotel & Casino, I've eaten here a million times and their food is good for the value. They have iltalian, soul food, hawaiian, chinese, mexican, and american cuisine). The top 3 items i always eat are their garlic bread, prime rib, and oxtail stew (sometimes they have this). The desserts are nothing special but I like to combine them (i.e. bread pudding with ice cream on top with a sprinkle of nuts) to get my money's worth. The ambience is cozy with setting similar to eating in a well lit greenhouse. If you're in downtown and super hungry, get your grinds on over at the garden court buffet in main street station.
4	HIDDEN GEM!I've been here several times now & havent written a review.  So here goes...Great prices, lots of foods to choose from. American, Asian, Soul Food, Delicious carving station, desserts, salad bar.The stations were always full.Bountiful selections.Clean serving stations, well kept buffet restaurant. Nice staff.  Host staff very attentive.  We never had to ask for refills or take the plates away, she was right there.    Manager came by our table to greet us & ask if everything was ok. TWICE!Great price.WE WILL BE BACK!
4	When I'm in Vegas, I make it a point to go here for breakfast. It's super cheap at $7 which includes the beverage. Granted, it's not "ZOMG this place is soooooooooooo gooooooood" or anything. This is more the type of place you'd go for breakfast if you're on a budget (or would rather spend/waste money in the casinos) but you want a decent & filling breakfast. This place also gets an extra star for having an omelet station staffed by the nicest guy. He interacts with the people ordering & does little fancy flips w/the eggs and stuff. He will also make you regular eggs if you ask when you're not feeling like eating egg beaters.
4	Pretty good place for being near Fremont Street. (Old Vegas) Food was decent, better than paradise buffet on Fremont Street, that's for sure. Then again, when we went to Paradise, it was breakfast time. When we went to this buffet, it was dinner time. Very good prices though & very nice decorations. Coming here once is worth it. Remember, don't go to paradise buffet down the street, if you're in this part of the neighborhood. This one is much better.
5	Gilberto was such a great server to us. We were visiting from Hawaii and he made our experience special! Can you please thank him for his outstanding customer service?!
4	Probably the best Breakfast buffet. You get 90 minutes to eat. So I suggest coming in at 9:30 AM and staying for lunch...  I loved their ham & pineapple.  The omelette station was okay.. I don't like the sharp Cheddar. They should use something less strong.. maybe low moisture Mozzarella instead.Still very good I'm a big fan of their breakfast buffet. The service was really good too.
2	UNPREDICTABLE QUALITY =2.5 STARS What had been a rewarding relationship with the Garden Court Buffet (abbreviated GCB)  has become volatile and unpredictable. On its good days, GCB is a reasonably priced buffet serving decent (not great) food. Excluding themed buffet nights, $10.99 with a Boys card is a sweet deal for a buffet in downtown Las Vegas that is walking distance to the Fremont Street Experience. A handful of my Fremont Street Experience adventures plus two visits to the IRS were anchored by dining experiences at GCB. Although the GCB selection has trailed behind many of the popular Las Vegas buffets, there was always a few delicacies to reward my taste buds. I have enjoyed their meat loaf, salmon, lasagna, rice pilaf, miso soup, and Asian foods station. A sweet dessert would top off the experience.   With any volatile relationship, the bad days pull you away. Yesterday was one of my few bad experiences here. And it is a shame because it was my day off and I just happened to have my mind set on topping off an afternoon in downtown at the GCB. This experience started off promising. By 5:30 pm, a line to the cashier had developed. Being proactive, management opened two cashier stations leading to a smooth transition to the host then table. From there, I might as well been as present as a utensil to the server. It took a while for him to acknowledge me. Finally he'd bring me my two glasses of Pepsi then pass over checking up on me afterwards. When I was on the buffet cues is when he'd clear off my table (small portions on my plate).  Near the end of the meal I'd give up on waiting around for him to ask me if I wanted coffee,  if he would of even done that. But forget about the service, I was disappointed with the food.    Supposedly this had been coined the Best Buffet in Vegas. I tend to disagree. I have dined here on and off for nearly a decade and no way this was the Best Buffet in Las Vegas. Today GCB is supposedly one of the top five buffets in Las Vegas according to their advertisement. No way! Right off the bat I could say that better buffets include Carnival, Red Rock, The Orleans, Boulder Station, and South Pointe. And if you add the higher priced buffets in the Bellagio category, GCB falls lower on the Las Vegas Buffet totem pole. On its good days it has been simply "good."    There are a few reasons why yesterday I was disappointed with the food. First off, sushi which is  currently my favorite buffet food was nonexistent. No sushi whatsoever. Boo! Then there was no peeled shrimp. Ditto for the meatloaf. The fish was unappealing. Celery spoiled the taste of the rice pilaf. Not much choices at the Asian foods station, which is my current second favorite buffet station. On a bright note there was miso soup. Disappointingly , the miso soup that I have relished in the past was now dull and a few degrees short of the warm temperature of how I prefer my soup. Regardless I'd fill up on miso soup. A complaint I have with their miso soup is that the soup cups are not much larger than the ones that you put cocktail sauce in when there are peeled shrimp. With my options running out, I'd place spaghetti on my nearly empty plate. If this is supposed to be the fifth best buffet in Las Vegas, how come they skimp over meatballs? Why did it taste like can pasta?  And why would I go back here in the foreseeable future?   My relationship with GCP has become volatile and unpredictable . The way I see it, you live once. If you live once, why settle for unpredictable experiences? It has come to the point that I will now separate from GCB for at least six months.
3	This buffet hit the spot for brunch. Was very satisfied with the omlette station, qucik and very tasty with a little bit of flare and excitement. Wasn't really satisfied with the dry and hard rice but there was a substitute with the fried rice. The kalua pig and cabbage was good and hit the spot. This buffet was okay but not great, if you're hungry it will definitely do the job, I was satisfied but I love breakfast food!
1	Horrible. Frozen veggies, prime rib was well done and dry. My best is spit out her taco after 1 bite. They do have a good price on craft beers. $2.25. I ordered a blonde beer and they were out. Not winning tonight.
2	If you are into seafood the buffet on Friday night might be ok. For us the food was overdone and not that good. The service was excellent. $95.00 and some change for four people. The fried chicken was so overlooked you couldn't eat it. They ran out of beef. Lettuce with browning edges. We would not go back even for the lunch buffet.
4	$10.99 for a champagne brunch in Las Vegas?? Get out of here...no wait it is true and it is actually really good for what you get. Eggs Benedict to the orange chicken is really good but my favorite was the country fried steak and bisquits and gravy. I don't know what people expect what you got a buffet for this price and this size( gotta be 150 items+) the food is hot and to me tastes really good!! (Trust me I'm picky as hell ask my fiance) Anyways this place is again way above average food for the price. If you guys don't like it cause your eggs were a little too moist well then go back to your house and cook them yourself!! I like them like that and so do alot of other people!! Don't listen to the negative reviews on here. Those are the people that are unhappy with life and anything else they do. Try this place especially if your suffering from a hangover and need some food in your belly. Hope this helps!!
5	I love this buffet & visit very often as a local. One of my favorites. I receive coupons usually every month & it has been much appreciated! They have one of the biggest selections of most of the buffets I've been to & very tasty too. Their prices are very reasonable & their special dinner nights have been really good. I especially enjoyed the Thursday Steak & Scampi night. I just found out their menu has changed & no longer have my favorite Steak & Scampi night.  Though I'm not to happy about it, i know i should enjoy whatever they changed it to. I will be sure to let everyone know the outcome. Well, tonight is BBQ night, used to be T-Bone night & about to go to check it out. Wishing for the best!
5	Love this place!! $7.99 lunch buffet with a ton of great selections...Can't beat it!!
1	One star overstates. The food is really bad and the selection limited. Don't waste your time or your money.
5	Thank you for the yelpers this place is just awesome my family enjoyed it so much can't beat that price and the food selection is just great and they have a whole fried tilapia which is a rare find will be coming back here again for sure
4	This place has nice decor.  Our waitress is very nice and accommodating.  Staff is friendly including the chefs.  They definitely had a wide range variety.  More than I can eat in one night.  Italian, american, southern, Mexican and Chinese.    deserts are also top notch.  Given that, some of the food was mostly hit or and some miss.  The prime rib tasted like it was frozen and then cooked.  Wings could have been cooked a little more.  Not kid friendly.  Taco meet was seasoned great, the manicotti was tasty, beef and peppers was also a hit, pilaf rice was also good.  Baked yams with cinnamon was a surprise.  Yule log desert cake was to die for.  The pican pie was nicely topped with whip cream.  There multiple speciality deserts.  Would come again, especially for only fifteen bucks. That includes beverages.
3	It's good for a buffet. Price is reasonable and there's a variety of food. Large seating accommodations. If youre a BConneted member a get a discount. They have Sunday brunch with champagne
2	I have to admit the food was not that good today. I got beef spareribs and it was burnt with well no meat...it was one big burnt bone!! The corn was soggy and the brisket was all fat!! Yesterday the food was good so I don't know what could possibly change in a day??(maybe cooks) still the orange chicken was decent and the chow mein and fried rice was the norm. Honestly if the ribs are gonna be like that you guys are better off not serving it because no one(that is sane) will like it.... It is almost not edible!!
1	We have been here before for the Easter brunch and it was fantastic. Today we are here for the Christmas Brunch and it's terrible!!!The service is bad, the selection of food is terrible, the food tastes like its a day old (although the omelet station still gets three stars in my book.) I highly recommend going somewhere else for breakfast. The price was too high for the food this "Christmas Breakfast "
4	This place is pretty cool. The building itself is beautiful. Very old school, vintage look. The buffet was decently priced and a huge selection. We have been here a handful of times and each time leave happy and full. The food is nothing spectacular but for the price you can not beat it. The service is great and we had someone at our table every couple minutes making sure we were ok. We will definitely be back.
