5	She is one of the most warm and kind hearted chiropractors I've had the pleasure to know, she will help you get to the root of your problem. I highly recommend her!
5	Dr. Julie Quan rocks my world!  I've had a recurring foot problem for well over a year now.  Foot problem being improved by chiropractic care?  YUP!  She specializes in extremity care and focuses on improving your nervous system (which affects EVERY area of your body!).  She uses the Gonstead method & only adjusts the areas that need to be realigned and she actually gives you more information on how to keep your adjustment working for you longer!  All of our bodies are different & she treats you as a unique & special individual.  Dr. Quan is a wonderful, community-oriented woman who cares about your health & the Las Vegas community...who could ask for more in a doctor?
5	Dr Quan is definitely a life changer!  She really focuses on the whole picture of all your needs, major and minor.   She gets you in the right direction in healing and staying healed.
5	Dr. Quan is a kind and caring!  She has set me on the road on being healthy!   I had been plagued by shoulder pains for a long time, and it's improved greatly with Dr. Quan's help... She also showed me excerises I can do to keep the adjustments working in between visits... She also focus on each person wellness needs as a whole, and that has and will continue to change my health for the better!
5	What an amazing experience.  I was out on conference in vegas 3 months ago and decided to do some light jogging.  Being a runner, i always have chronic lower back, knee and foot pain.  After the run, my left ankle was in excruciating pain up to a point where i almost couldn't put any weight on it.  I looked up for local chiropractor and Dr. Quan name came up.  Dr. Quan was very caring and kind.  She examined me and explained what happened with my condition, and afterwards she took x- ray on my spine and my foot.  Dr. Quan is very knowledgeable, she was drawing lines on the x ray and explained very throughly with terms I understand.  Her adjustment was very I have always somewhat nervous when people twist my neck.  But she did in a completely different way, with very gentle force and NOT TURNING my head.  After the first adjustment  i felt immediate pain relieved and she also gave me recommendation on nutrition as well.  I went back again on the following day and now it has been 3 months and still discomfort free.  thank you Dr. Quan, you have completely changed my life!
5	Julie is the most amazing person in the whole entire universe. After moving my back was sore and would not go away.  I made a call to the office and was able to get in right away and they worked around my chaotic schedule.   After getting x-rays and Julie showing me what was going on she was able to realign my whole body.  I had been going from doctor to doctor for over six months trying to get healthy.  She was able to get me off of tons of medications I had been taking for years. I was able to finally be happy and healthy.  Thank you!!
5	If you're in pain and want to heal the most natural way possible Dr. Quan is your solution.  One of the most personable Doctor I have ever met.  She takes care of you as a person, as a friend, not just "another patient".  As she treats you, it's not just in and out sessions; she educates her patients on precautions & nutrition that helps the entire body's healing process.  I was in agonizing pain due a weight training injury that other Doctors couldn't pinpoint.  Thanks to Dr. Quan I've healed tremendously and my pain has almost completely subsided.
5	As a Gogo dancer, I am in constantly on the go, but the problem was that I was also consistently in pain. My neck and back were always an issue for me. I've been to several other chiropractic places, and although the pain was relieved at the moment it has never healed completely. Dr. Julie, on the other hand, not only heals your body naturally, but if you tell her where and what kind of pain you have, she will adjust you and target those areas as well as adjust you according to the x-rays. Not only does she want you feel good externally, but internally also. You can get all your vitamins and nutritional supplement through her. (all are natural products)I remember when I went on a 3 week trip to Europe, I was concerned with having back and neck problems, while overseas. After expressing my concerns to Dr. Julie, she immediately scheduled a time to arrange for me to get adjusted at my house one last time before I left, knowing that I won't be able to make it to her office. She brought her table and adjusted me right at my house. Dr. Julie is such a kind, warm, and positive person. Every time I see her, she makes me feel amazing! I feel as though I can concur the world every time I leave her office. She holds workshops every month to educate her patients and her patients' friends and family. She is one of the most personable doctors I have ever met. She is more concerned for my health than I am, and that's a good thing! She's constantly reminding me to drink more water. And not only that, she teaches which exercises needed to be done everyday in order to hold the adjustments. (Although I'm sure she doesn't mind taking your money if you decided not to follow her directions resulting in your body not holding the adjustments which as a result means more pain in the body, and going to her more often.) so a word of advice, just listen to her and do as you're told. I went from seeing her 2-3 times a week to now once every 2 weeks. My neck actually doesn't hurt anymore moving it towards my chin or towards on back thanks to Dr. Julie.
5	Dr Quan is very thorough and always puts your health first. If you want to heal in a natural way she is Dr for you. Dr Quan is knowledgeable and stays up to date on the latest information concerning health living. My pain in my neck and back has improved greatly over a short period of time; and I know I can trust her adjustments to help me heal. She also specializes in extremities, which has helped with shin splints, foot , and wrist issues!
5	I have been to Julie's dinner workshop twice and I've learned so many things that are now a part of my daily quest for a healthy lifestyle. She has amazing energy and connects with her guests in a educational and entertaining way. The chicken dish last time was amazing too!  I plan to continue to come when I need a Julie recharge. Come and bring friends, you'll be a better person for it!
5	I had a nagging side/back injury that persisted for months before Dr. Quan was recommended to me. Having never been to a chiropractor I wasn't sure what to think. I was amazed! Within a few visits I was feeling better, without medication, and now can't imagine what I would've done without her help. Dr. Quan really takes the time to get to know you and your injury, and then work with you to overcome it. The office is clean, the staff is friendly, and I actually look forward to my visit to the doctor. I highly recommend her.
5	You want an experience you'll always remember and jump at the chance to go back again and again. Then head to Quan Chiropractic. Julie Quan is amazing!! She is very knowledgeable in her practice and truly listens to your body. She helps only where it is needed and allows the body to find its balance. She really takes the time to find where things need her attention. I went to her with a foot pain i'd had for months knowing that something was off with my alignment. No pills no surgery just a few weeks of adjustments, me at home icing and doing my extensions and i'm back. But thats not even the best part, Julie is a wonderful person in life and the community. She wants everyone to succeed, either she tells you about a place or just says" lets go i'll taking you." These places are aways great, to either help you with your mind body and spirit YOUR wellbeing  is always her first priority. many blessing to ALL
5	I have known Dr Quan for over a year now from networking with her. I know she is dedicated and focused, and one of the best networkers I know. I took my 15 yr old son to one of her dinner orientation meetings, and was amazed at how deeply knowledgeable she was, and she also has a great sense of humor, making the information she is sharing interesting and fun. THEN-my husband and son were in a car accident on June 21st. Since Dylan already knew her, it was a no-brainer to take him to her. She went over EVERYTHING with him, so he could understand exactly what she was doing, and why. Unlike other chiropractors I have worked with who kept you coming 3x a week until the insurance ran out, Dr Quan worked with him for a few weeks until she felt he was fine, and released him. My husband, on the other hand, has always thought chiropractors were voodoo..lol. After he started having substantial back pain, including a big knot between his shoulders on his spine, I talked him into 'trying it out'.  Dr Quan again took the time to explain to him what was happening with him, went over his xrays with him, and told him what her plan of action was. She even explained  how him being off-kilter (my term, not hers) was why his ankles hurt, and she could help adjust him and alleviate that. After the first visit, (in which he was really impressed) he was in alot of pain. After the second or third visit, he said,'so is this what its like not to have pain in my ankles?' (He is a waiter and is of course, always on his feet).Because of his work schedule, he wouldn't have been able to attend Dr Quan's monthly orientation, so for the month of August, she had two, one on his day off so he could attend. She talks about nutrition, medications, diabetes (which he is type II), and many other things at a level where us laypeople, including children, can understand. My husband was so taken by all of this, that he is working on losing some weight, eating healthier, and trying to wean off of his diabetic medications, i.e. Lipitor, Lisinopril and ActoPlusMet.  Thank you, Dr Quan! For a completely positive experience with a chiropractor (I didn't say pain-free!),there is no better chiropractor available. Not only will she make the appropriate adjustments, but you will walk out with the knowledge to be a healthier you.
5	Dr Quan assisted me with a knee injury that occurred 5 months ago.  I was having pain when working out and could not play the sport that I loved...soccer.  I was skeptical due to her being a chiropractor however I have heard many great reviews and thought I should see her.  Not only did she assist me with a FULL recovery Dr. Quan explained what happened to my knee, answered all questions and cost my pocket book much less than the physical therapist I previously saw.  She is a wonderful doctor and I would highly recommend Dr Quan to assist with any pain you may have.  Thank you Dr. Quan for your caring and healing ways.  Nothing but praise to her and her office manager Tom for being so wonderful.
5	Julie Quan is very knowledgeable. She helped me get rid of my neck pain. Everyone in the office is nice and very helpful. I could not recommend a better choice if you are looking for a Chiropractor.
5	Dr. Quan is awesome! Knowledgeable - checked, friendly - checked, caring - checked. I first went to Dr. Quan back in 2011. I was experiencing lower back pain. The thought of going to a chiropractor was very intimidating to me because I didn't know what to expect. When I first met Dr. Quan, she was friendly and explained the procedures that she would perform. She quickly put me at ease. Being a nerd, I asked tons of questions and she answered all of them with a smile. It turned out my lower back was misaligned. After couple of adjustments, I felt a lot better! No more pain! I moved to Hawaii a while ago, however, I make sure I visit Dr. Quan whenever I am in Vegas to get my routine maintenance adjustment. Thanks Dr. Quan!
5	One morning I wake up and I feel weak on the left side of my body. At first I thought my foot fell asleep. Hours later it worsened. Walking was a task. Lifting my arm was like curling weights. Went to urgent care, got turned away cause they thought I had a stroke. No money for emergency, I saw the ratings on Yelp, and Dr. Quan took me in the same day and fitted me in and educated me on my spine and really put things in prospective. Adjustments helped little by little, but she made me feel welcome and even recommended places to go looking for a new job with less stress and to better suit me. My regular holistic doctor was out of town for the week, I continued my care and adjustments through him, but Dr. Quan has my recommendation nonetheless. They attempted to contact me for follow up to see how I was doing, in the process now of sending a thank you card for being there and being so kind.
5	Need a doctor? Need a personal trainer? Need a  nutritionist? Need someone that cares about your health? Need someone that cares about you and not the numbers and money that you are?Dr. Quan provides the best care a chiropractor can give. My insurance company provides me with free visits to chiropractors in the network but I don't need a chiropractor that just wants my money. Seriously, I used to go to chiropractors inside my insurance network, every visit (which was about twice a month) was free but they did the same thing every visit. Adjust my lower back and my wrist, barely asks any questions. Unlike Dr. Quan she investigates how the body is working (or not working) and continues to suggest ways to prevent future issues. Prevention prevention prevention! Creating Wellness with Prevention! Tells me about my diet habits and suggests adjustments to my habits. Dr. Quan is also continually educating me on new things regarding my health.Dr. Quan also have workshops and classes she puts together to educate her patients and friends. If you want a doctor that is affordable and cares about you Dr. Quan is the way to go!Dr. Quan also have an officer assistance Tom who is very good at setting and adjusting my hectic schedules. Emails and phone calls to follow up! Tom is also very friendly and always offer you water at the office!PS: Do your extensions!!!
5	ive had my left knee scoped for a torn meniscus and have had 2 herniated disk surgeries. i was sitting crosslegged on the floor and tried to get up without using my hands when i heard and felt my right knee pop. there wasnt any immediate pain or discomfort. i actually still stood up. when i started to walk around and try to put pressure on it i knew it didnt feel right. after a few days i was convinced i had at least a meniscal tear in my right knee or at worst an acl tear.i couldnt walk around without feeling discomfort and some pain. i was using a crutch and wore a knee brace when i went out for support.julie saw me post something about my knee and a picture of me wearing a knee brace on facebook and she sent me a message saying to stop by and see her.when i got in she asked if i wanted surgery or to try to let the body heal its self. at this point i was already convinced i needed surgery and told her that anything would help but am sure i would have to get it done.she took some xrays of my back and hips and found out that my mid back was misaligned and that my right hip was misaligned by 9mm! wowshe also explained that because of the hip misalignment it could affect the way i walked and could have put pressure and wear on my knee which could have caused the problem i was having. (ok embarrassing part coming up but it explains a lot) she also told me that because of that hip misalignment a lot of children tend to wet their bed because of the nerves being pinched in the hips. i did wet my bed a lot when i was younger. makes a lot of sense. anyways she checked my knee and pressed around and found tender spots. i forgot the terminology she used but basically said that something popped out and that she was going to push it back in. after she pushed it back in (its painful) and then adjusted my mid back and then adjusted my hip she told me to walk around putting full weight on my right knee. i was kinda skeptical but as i walked i had full range and motion and could walk normally. granted it was still very tender  from injuring it and julie adjusting it, i was able to walk around her office without having to baby my knee or fear of instability.i was in disbelief. here i was convinced i needed surgery and all it needed was some adjusting by julie. granted not everyones case would be the same as mine and not everyones results would be the same as mine, but she saved me the trouble of possibly having to have unnecessary surgery done to my knee. i know ill have to eventually have to get surgery, but like she explained to me "better to get it done later in life if it can be prevented"THANK YOU SO MUCH!i was able to talk out of her office holding my crutch and knee brace instead of having to use them. i also understood that she explained that over years of being misaligned that its usually not a one visit fix. that she needs to adjust my body back to the correct position and that could take anywhere from a few weeks to months depending on the severity of the misalignment.im heading back to korea soon to work and will stop by her office as much as i can before i go back. she uses the gonstead system of chiropractic. look it up, it makes a lot of sense.her website: http://www.quanchiropractic.com/
5	every time i come here and tell her i twisted my ankle or my shoulder is messed up and its something that can be adjusted i walk out with noticeable results.i told her i kept twisting my left ankle and recently had a bad one. she adjusted it and it felt great and told me to do exercises. after the next few visits i had forgotten the majority of the pain in my ankle.my back was pretty misaligned and after every visit it improves dramatically.my knee was the initial reason for visiting and after a few visits she says it looks good and that theres no need for adjustments and that i should just let it heal naturally now. AWESOME!even if most people are skeptical, read up on the gonstead system and understand whats going on when they adjust you. if it involves bones and your nerves or you think pinched nerves are affecting your organs, schedule and appointment with julie to see if she can help you.
5	I had lower back pain and shoulder pain. Quan was refereed to me by a friend. I called in and schedule an appointment with her. Julie was amazing. She makes me feel very relax and comfortable. She iced my back and start to adjust me. Every touch and adjustment was right on. I felt like new born after seeing Julie. Very time i call in for an appointment it was like a treat for me.  She's not only making me feel better but she is healing my body to help and heal itself. Every visit is caring. If you are looking for a real Chiro this is the right  place that can help and handle your pain.
5	Dr. Quan listens and helps your whole body feel better, not just the painful parts that take you into her office. I was just visiting Las Vegas and she treated me like I was a long term patient.I appreciated her expertise and kindness. Debbie S.
5	I fell down on ice road at the lake tahoe.I'm so lucky I found her at the yelp.I visited 2 times now, my tail bone pain fixed and my 2nd injury much better now,I already recommended to around people, she so nice and good doctor.
5	Professional, warm and caring doctor. I'll be going back to see Dr. Quan again whenever I am in Vegas. =)
5	A friend of mine visited from Australia and asked me to find a chiropractor for her neck and lower back pain. I found Julie Quan on Yelp and set up an appointment based on the solid reviews. Julie was fantastic. After an initial exam she did X-rays and advised my friend about her problem and how to alleviate it. During the follow-up appointment, which I was allowed to attend, Julie explained in clear detail the exact nature of my friend's pain and how best to treat it by proper diet, exercise, and cold packs. Julie used the X-rays to show where the neck bones and vertebrae disks were rubbing, which was the source of pain.Overall, Julie was super-knowledgeable and professional, and my friend who is now back in Australia reports that she is following Julie's advice and feeling better every day. So we both highly recommend seeing Julie Quan for your chiropractic needs!
5	Quan Chiropractic is amazing!!! Not an understatement at all. Let's start with when you walk in the door you are greeted by Tom who is charismatic, very attentive and does everything he can to ensure that your visit is positive. Once you get to see Dr. Julie you are greeted with a warm smile and treated with the utmost, respect, care and concern. She takes her time to fully explain everything that is going on with you and how she intends to remedy it in FULL detail, in PLAIN English. I was traveling abroad after my first visit to her office and while away I had a flare up in my lower back. I emailed her office and asked her if she would recommend another Chiropractor in Singapore. After doing some research and due diligence we found a doctor who followed the GONSTEAD method and to my surprise he was just as knowledgeable and you could tell trained the same way she was. Tom took pictures and sent them to the Dr. in Singapore and without the assistance of Quan chiropractic assistance I might have been in real trouble. It is a real pleasure working with them, I have never written a Yelp before and thier care has driven me to writting this review. If you need a Chiropracto and are in Vegas you must check them out.
5	I absolutely cannot recommend Dr. Julie Quan's practice enough! Let me begin with my not so positive experience with Chiropractors locally...I have visited a fair share of chiropractors that claim to care about the patient or even have an extensive knowledge of the spine, the central nervous system and proper or even safe adjustment procedures. Of all that I have experienced in Las Vegas, they have fallen very short of my expectations and ultimately lost my trust. I was perpetually searching for someone who I could simply trust. I stumbled upon Dr. Quan after a series of absolutely raving reviews from friends and colleagues, so I decided to give her a shot. Her practice is incredibly welcoming and I honestly felt at home from the moment that I walked through the doors. Unlike other doctors that I have encountered, she seeks to heal from the inside out and inquires about overall health concerns and will explain, in terms that anyone can comprehend, how she will work to help heal you. I came to her with complaints of low energy and focus, lower back pain, digestive issues, among others, and she very professionally explained techniques to she would utilize to get me feeling my healthy usual self again! I appreciate her approach as she analyzes your overall health and targets areas witht the goal of significantly improving your entire wellbeing. She has made lifestyle change recommendations, which have supplemented my treatments administered by Dr. Quan and resulted in an improvement in my quality of life in just a few short months! Also unlike other chiropractors, she will not come across as a business owner first, and a medical doctor and healer second. My experiences with other chiropractors who simply attempted to sell a package and recommended a "one size fits all" series of adjustments forced me to develop a level of distrust within the medical field. Dr. Quan eased my concern and allowed me to trust once again. She is genuinely there for you. I highly recommend visiting Dr. Quan if you are ready to have a truly life changing experience and have a strong desire to improve your quality of life. Be sure to say hello to Tom, the welcoming and fun to talk to office manager, on your next visit!!
5	Because I work many hours at an office job, my derriere is glued to the office chair for 8 hours a day.  As a result, the looking down and leaning forward that a strenuous job of looking at a computer screen for extended amounts of time obviously comes with have negatively affected my back and, most prominent, my neck.  So, then, I had decided to go see a chiropractor.  I have actually been a client of Dr. Quan's for almost 4 months now.  So far, she has been wonderful and very personable.  My neck hasn't been aching as much as it had been, same with my back.  Not only has she adjusted my misalignments, slowly, and is still in the process of, but she has given me a lot of tips as to what exercises I should probably stay away from and what to replace them with.  Since she is always busy, at least it seems like it, I try to think of some questions, before I see her, to ask what is good for my back, if a certain pillow is the way to go, if I should pop my knuckles by compacting them, and things of that nature. One thing I do have to warn you about, though, is that Dr. Quan often asks you questions when she is rubbing the swelling on your back.  And if you've had that done to  you before, you'd know how tough it is to talk while undergoing that- just don't answer her until afterwards lol.  Also, her assistant, Tom, has been very pleasant and helpful.   Her office is around the Chinatown area.  Honestly, it seems like a pretty sketchy area. And the office, from the outside, seems like a residential house.  However, I assure you that it is safe and pretty decent inside.   Since she is my first chiropractor, I really cannot provide a comparison to other chiropractors.  And because of that, too, I don't know how much her visits are compared to others.  However, Dr. Quan has been great and I always feel like my problem areas are improving with each visit.
5	Dr Quan fixes you! I went to her for chronic foot pain. Of course, everything is connected so she actually found misalignment higher up in the body that lead to improper walking and thus foot pain. Who knew?!The office is clean. Staff is wonderful! Dr Quan is a gem!
5	I'm very thankful for Dr. Quan identifying the exact cause of my wrist pain and working on specific techniques to relieve pain and begin the healing process. A wonderful office and staff. No one could be more kind and informative than Dr. Quan. She took the time to explain the "why" without jumping into action, and in the process educated me so that I could be part of the healing process and proactive in preventing further injury. Caring, compassionate, professional and gentle with the wallet too!
5	Dr. Quan treats all her patients like they are "family".  Her practice is authentic and she drives her care according to every individual patient and their needs.  I am an addicted distance runner and have hip pains often.  After I leave her office the pain dissolves away and I feel like a new person.  I'm so glad my husband recommended Dr. Julie Quan.  Also kudos to her assistant Tom, he is so kind, warm and gives a positive vibe.
5	I went to visit Dr. Quan after experiencing some wrist pain and lack of mobility. It turns out I had fractured my wrist a couple months prior and had bone chips causing additional pain. Dr. Quan set my wrist and instantly relieved the pain. She trained me on specific exercises to strengthen my wrist and directed me to purchase some inexpensive support bands and exercise balls. After my first visit, I had pain-free, range of motion back and was able, through subsequent visits to see considerable improvement after each visit. No knives, no drugs, just a wise and knowledgable Dr. Quan who walked me through the healing process with great personal care and wise instruction. Thank you Dr. Quan for caring about your patients and treating them like VIP's!
5	Several weeks ago I developed severe, debilitating neck and arm pain with numbness down to my fingers. This was a chronic condition which had slowly been getting worse. I saw several other chiropractors and physicians in that time all with no success. Dr. Quan was the first professional who identified and showed me on the X-ray  the area where my vertebrae were significantly misaligned and compressing on my nerve.  She also noted several areas of abnormal curvature which are being adjusted as part of her treatment. Previously I had taken a full series of X-rays which were reviewed by two medical doctors, both said the bones in my neck were fine and prescribed steroids, muscle relaxers, narcotics all of which I took. Other previous chiropractors were similarly ineffective, a few minutes of electrical stimulation on my neck and arm and a couple neck and back crack and I left their offices feeling worse. With Dr Quan however, each successive treatment left me feeling better. I am now pain free. This is a big deal considering how many pills I had been taking for so long without relief. If this review is long, it is only because it has been so difficult finding good help with traditional western medicine and physicians. Sitting in the office noticing all her clients grimacing and shuffling into her office in pain and walking away feeling better, it is almost comical (once your own pain is relieved) and you have to wonder if she must know how Jesus must have felt.  Thank you Dr. Quan!
5	Dr. Quan is great. The #1 thing I like about Dr. Quan is that she really tries to fix your problem without randomly adjusting you and scheduling you to come in over and over again for a good crack. She's really getting to the root of my foot problem, and I'm enjoying the quick sessions we have. Totally recommend her!
2	I didn't get treated by Dr Quan but went for a first appointment. I had to wait 30 minutes past my appointment time. She then took me back and gave me what seemed like a very rehearsed speech (she talks very fast) about why I needed to see a chiropractor. She said the cost would be $100 for X-rays only then I would need to come back to see her three times consecutively. She told me all of this without examining me or taking a case history. I didn't feel comfortable with her so I left her office and looked elsewhere. I was able to find another chiropractor's office that was much more modern and clean. They charged me $100 for x-rays, an amazing 50 minute massage, consultation with a skilled and funny doctor and adjustment with hardly a wait and all in one appointment. My pain was gone immediately and my head felt so clear. The doc said I didn't need to go back unless I thought it was necessary. I'm so glad I shopped around.
5	I used  a Yelp deal here and it was the best money I've ever spent. I had been experiencing pain in my lower back, and pain and numbness in both my arms and hands for two months. I made an appointment with Samantha, who was very helpful and friendly. When I met with Dr. Quan, she was very thorough, asked me a lot of questions and most importantly, listened to my concerns. She was very pleasant and made me feel at ease, explaining her process and recommended next steps, should I decide to move forward with getting treated with her. There was absolutely no pressure like there are at other chiropractic offices that I've looked into (e.g., buying treatment packages). I had my xrays taken in the office the same day and returned for a follow-up visit 2 days later. Dr. Quan reviewed my xrays with me and explained what she would be doing to alleviate my pain. She also showed me some exercises to do to help hold the adjustments, which have worked wonders. Since being adjusted by Dr. Quan, my pain has gone from an 11 to a 3 in just 1.5 weeks. I actually look forward to my adjustments. She's been an absolute life saver!
5	My sister often mention Dr. Julie Quan regarding her exemplary achievements in terms of her profession as a chiropractor and her godly character towards her patients. I just wishing that i would meet her someday, until i finally met her. She is really nice and pretty inside and out. Before my vacation end, i have the opportunity to talk to her and undergo treatment. It is a great blessing because I am suffering from dysmenorrhea, constipations and back pains since I was in high school but now I can be treated by her. Today is my 3rd time visit to her clinic and guess what i feel better! :)Thank you Dr. Quan! Surely God will continually bless you to bless more people.
5	Dr. Quan spends the time to understand you pain and how best to treat you.  I feel like she really listened well and I'm very hopeful the outcome will be as we discussed.
5	I went to Dr Quans office twice so far.  Free consultation was informative and Dr Quan was friendly and open to questions. I also had exrays and returned next day to start adjustments. All I can say so far about said adjustment is that it immediately took my pounding headache away that I awoke with because of neck pain.  Because of this I plan to continue my sessions.  Another reason for staying with Dr Quan is that she saw me ON TIME which I have not experienced too frequently!!
5	I am not used to chiropractic treatment and I don't wanna try it but when I met Dr Quan and being adjusted, I can now say that chiropractic treatment is really helpful to people. Before, I have severe back pains that causing me a hard time to breathe. Now my backpains are gone. She is not a typical doctor that treat you as a patient only but you will feel that she is treats you as a family. More concern on how she can help you to be healthy. She is Highly recommended to those who's looking for an effective chiropractor.
5	So far I am amazed at the level of hospitality and professionalism at Dr. Quans. I came in with multiple complaints including constant dizziness..with two treatments in my worst symptoms have subsided and I look forward to future appointments!
5	After visiting multiple chiropractors in the Las Vegas area I eventually came across Quan chiropractic and I could not be more satisfied with my visits. I admire Dr. Quan's knowledge and the care she provides for her patients. I felt Dr. Quan really took her time with me and was not trying to rush to get me out the door. Front desk is very polite and helpful.
5	Dr. Quan is the absolute best. I've been to 3 chiropractors before her and never got this much information from any Dr. before. She's caring and makes you feel like you're important and I feel very comfortable with her. I highly recommend this place! You will not be disappointed.
5	Dr. Quan is a highly dedicated chiropractor, and a true healer. I have recommended her to a number of people and they all love her. In addition I also used her when I had a very painful back injury. I am completely recovered now, which is a miracle!
5	Dr Quan and her team are awesome. I had twisted my knee on vacation last year while surfing, in horrible pain. I went to my medical doctor and they recommended a specialist, that in turn told me I may need surgery, I am reflecting back, today a year later reflecting on how much better I feel.I realized that without Dr Quan I may not be able to practice Yoga again. I believe in Dr Quan she new that I had not tore my ACL, she explained everything the Doctors would diagnosis but we could heal my knee without surgery. With the help of icing ,exercise, and supplements. It worked after the MRI the doctor told me I was healed. Quan Chiropractic team I highly recommend them.
5	I love how educated she is. And how easily and articulate she can explain her craft.We didn't get treated here but was just seen for a consultation. She didn't sound like someone who just wants your money. She honestly is very good at her trade and is assuring. My mom loved her and wants to come back to be treated for her sprained ankle. I personally gathered a lot of good information from her that made sense about my aching back and neck.LOVE LOVE LOVE this lady!!!!! Will recommend everyone I know to her. :)
5	Dr. Quan is AMAZING!  Hands down the best chiropractor in town.  When I hurt my back, I could barely move, let alone get in a car and drive down to her office.  She came all the way to me to help relieve my pain and get me up and moving around.  She recommended all holistic and natural remedies to help my back get stronger.  Not once did she shove pills at me.  Now, almost six months later, I'm doing everything she recommended and feeling great.  And that isn't all, she even sees my son who is now 18 months old.  She is so gentle and great with kids.  I can't recommend Dr. Quan enough.  I'd give her 10 stars if I could!
