2	I like Stein Marts, I really do, so when I turned in the wrong entrance at Tempe Marketplace and found myself driving past this newest one, I decided to park and go in to check it out.  I started with my fav section, the candles.  There is one fragrance called Plantation that I love and I wondered if they had come out with any new versions for the holidays.  I already own two sizes.  They didn't have anything new.  Then I had to go potty so I asked where the restrooms were.  I ended up in the handicapped stall since the other one was occupied.  Upon finishing my business I started feeling around in the dispenser and find there was NO  TP to be had!  Fortunately I had some kleenex on me.  When I came out of the restroom I spotted three female clerks chatting by cash register and merely intended to inform them so they could see that it was replenished.  I stood there waiting while they decided to finish their conversation about cell phones before asking if they could help me.  By then I had turned to a male clerk walking by and said, Maybe you can help me.  The ladies heard me tell him about the lack of TP and one responded, Oh yeah, were out.  Not a young clerk, an older lady.  We're expecting shipment on Tuesday, she said.  You knew it was out?, says I.  And you didn't put a sign on the door to warn people?  There's some in the next stall, says she.  Well, I'm sorry, but my arms aren't long enough to reach that far, I replied.  I guess you expect your customers to "air-dry"! On the way out of the store I found a male manager and repeated the story to him, adding, If it was me I would have brought some tp from home rather than making people go without!  And with that I left the store to take my business elsewhere.The manger did apologize, by the way.
3	As Stein Mart goes this one is A-OK.  It is a few miles from the hotel I stay in when I am flying in and out of PHX.  I am never overly impressed with the service on the floor it is not something that Stein Mart does but when It comes to exchanges/returns which is what I had to do when I was here last they were good. I look at these stores as kind of an upscale Marshalls or TJMaxx with more clothes and less housewares and kids.   I always find at least one thing I dont want to leave with out.   I wish there were more stores in the NE only one even reasonably close to me and that is still a hour and a half away...although that may be a blessing in disguise.
4	The selection here is hit and miss. I enjoy colored shorts and lazy golf polos. Usually they are both in stock. Good coupons as well. Some of the stuff is way over-priced though, that's probably my only hang-up here.
