4	Awesome Mediterranean grub just a couple of blocks away from me..... YUM!For almost two years now, I've been passing by this place every day, always telling myself.."SELF!... we really gotta try this place out!" and I always lie to myself and say "Yeah yeah, someday"  Well, that day was today and all I have to say is...WHY?!?!? Why did I wait soooo long !?!?  ...damned fool going all the way to Baker to get a Gyro ... bloody bloody fool.../MelodramaI personally think the Gyros from this place are wayyy better than the Mad Greek up in Baker.  Today I tried the Big Fat Beef and Lamb Gyro with the Feta Cheese wrapped in Fillo Dough pockets and the Pita bread with Hummus.  Everything was great and well beyond what I had hoped for.  The Gyro was HUGE and not just because of fillers like lettuce, it was because of the generous portion of Gyro meat!The one disappointment was the Baklava.  I'm used to my Baklava being crispy, but what we got from here was soggy because it was swimming in the syrup...... not a good look.But, overall.... I've found my new greek spot here in town.  SOLD!-UPDATEI Couldn't stop myself..... I ended up making a SECOND visit on the same day.   Gyrofor dinner!  It was sooooo freaking good!- Double UpdateUhhh So it's Lunchtime the following day from my First Visit (Lunch) ... My Second visit (Dinner) .... and Guess what I'm having for lunch!  Lemon-Herb Pita YUMMMMM I'm usually leery of ordering chicken dishes that use breast meat since very few places can make them without drying out the chicken, but today's pita was just PERFECT.
4	The best Greek fast food I've had in Vegas.  The wife and I ordered the big fat gyro and the super chicken sandwich.  The cashier also let us try a sample of the greek lemon pudding which was excellent so we got an order of that too.  Sandwiches were made to order so you had to wait a bit but its all worth it!
5	Yassou's is the place to get good Greek food. They make amazing Spanakopita (spinach pie) and their lemon buttery rice is delish. It took about 15  minutes for the food to be served but it was worth the wait. Prices are reasonable, $8 to $9 for a sure-to-fill entree. The staff was friendly and prompt. Black and white checkered floor tiles, dainty Greek music, and abstract(-ish) paintings on the wall creates a friendly comfortable atmosphere in this little cafe. If you're trying to fix a Greek craving, this is it.
5	Best gyros in town. HANDS DOWN. I randomly walked in about a year ago to see what it was about. i tried a specialty plate. ehhh. it was alright, but i noticed everyone around me had a gyro. and so i decided that i was going to come here again and try to gyro. oh man was that a good idea!! i crave gyros from here all the time. i tried a gyro someplace else, and it wasn't very good. thats when i truly appreciated how good this small deli-like restaurant was.i don't like the yogurt stuff on it, so i always ask for them to put it on the side. then i have the option of taking a couple bites with it instead of the whole thing. again, this is a locally owned restaurant. so go support them!
5	Why in the world did it take me 2 years to stop and eat there?!!!!  *smacking head* AWESOME food and best gyros EVER!  The meat is mouth-wateringly delicious and tender and the pita is always very fresh.  We also love their baklava, saganaki (flaming cheese), Greek salads, and humus!  All spectacular!All their staff is very friendly and always customer oriented.  Not once have I had a problem that wasn't addressed quickly and made right, all with a smile and an apology.  Definitely not the norm in this town!!The only downside I see to this restaurant is that it's so popular that they need more room!!!  :)
5	Service, Sweet Sweet Excellent Customer service is what takes this local-owned and family-run restaurant over the top. They try their darndest to remember your first name and treat you as if you had been going to their restaurant for years even if you are a newbie.I hope they will be around whenever I make my yearly trip back to LV
4	Yassou was delicious!  I ordered the chicken pita - juicy lemon herb chicken, veggies and just the right amount of tzatziki.   Loved it.Also ordered a side of the dolmades (stuffed grape leaves).  Unlike most places that serve the oily canned meatless variety, these are homemade with ground beef.  It was odd though - in some, the meat was juicy and in others it was dry and crumbly.  Obviously I preferred the juicy ones, but they were hit and miss.I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.  Great place.
3	I'm no expert on Greek food, but I've had my share of souvlakis.  I ordered the Steak Souvlaki ($8.99) from their lunch special menu from 11 am to 4 pm.  It came with a side salad, rice pilaf, and pita bread.  There were four pieces of meat skewered along with a side of tzatziki sauce.  First off, I think I was expecting something else.  I was expecting more of a souvlaki wrap, as this is how I used to have it.  So that part was different for me.  It was okay, nothing spectacular though.  (I soon learned that most souvlakis served here are with pita bread, and not wraps.  So I'll have to keep my eyes out for that.)The Husband ordered the Moussaka "Ground beef, eggplant, and potatoes layered and topped with Bechamel sauce" ($8.99)  It did sound a lot more appetizing and once I read it off the menu, he was easily sold.  It was okay and he said he's had better.We also downed it with a Greek soda - blue raspberry.Overall, Yassou Greek Grill Cafe was a decent Greek food experience.  You go up to the counter and give your order and pay.  They'll give you a number and you take a seat and your food will arrive a few minutes later.  They were pretty busy the weekend we went, so they are doing okay.  It didn't have me screaming for more though.
4	One of my professors recommended this place during a conversation about places to eat around.The location was easy enough to find. I ended up parking in the McDonalds parking lot and walking next door. The decor is very nice with a few tables outside for outdoor dining during the warmer months.Greek FriesStandard fries with feta cheese and some chopped parsley. Given the price difference between Greek fries and American fries being 50cents more i would have gotten the standard fries. There just wasnt enough feta or herbs to enhance the fries and make them tastes different or Greek for that matter.Chicken SouvalakiOverall excellent, the side salad was fresh and crispy, could have done with a few more olives. The Pita bread is EXCELLENT soft and chewy very nice texture. Excellent rice pilaf, buttery with a fresh lemonly taste. Chicken was cooked to perfection, nicely flavored and still juicy in the middle.I would highly recommend this place to others and will definately come back to try out other dishes.
5	Wow. Yum. Great Greek. This is a casual dining spot, but the flavors and the well prepared meals make you feel as if you're at an upscale Greek place if there is such a thing. I love the chicken-lamb kabob plate. The place is one of my favs and that's no easy feat considering how picky I am.
2	I went here because it was close my apartment. I had the big fat gyro special with greek fries and my girl got the spanokopita/gyro combo plate. We also ordered a side of hummus & a baklava. Total of all of that was just under $30.Overall very disappointing, the spanokopita was just bland with crappy pastry, the greek fries had a pinch of herbs and feta and otherwise tasted worse than fries from burger king. The gyro sandwhich was ok but didn't stand out and the baklava was mostly pastry with little filling.Every single one of these dishes is done better close by at Mad Pita Express on Durango between DI & Sahara with comparable prices. But by far the best greek place in town is The Fat Greek on Flamingo & Decatur. If you try the spanokopita at Yassou then go have the same thing at fat greek you will just laugh at the difference as it's not in the same universe.Disappointing for sure. Save your time and go to Mad Pita Express or if you want to kick it up a notch Hedary's or Fat Greek.
5	First of all, i go to Yassou ALL THE TIME. The reviewers here that say this place is bad either A- Dont know good food or B- Have their own Greek place and want more business. The Big Fat Gyro @ Yassou is not only the best in L.V, it is the best PERIOD. If you want Greek fine dining go to OPA, but if you want a cozy lunch Greek grill, it gets no better than Yassou.
3	After trying a drive-thru greek stop and a couple others on Sahara, we decided to hop on to Charleston and give this place a try.  It looks so fresh and inviting in the building it's in, and because it's one of those places that you would normally drive by on a regular day, I wanted to see if it was any good.My husband is the Greek food lover, while I am just so-so on it.  We ordered a lot--the stuffed grape leaves, two big gyros, some dessert, seasoned fries, pita bread and hummus.  Everything tasted great--the gyro was in this soft, yummy pita with some feta cheese and veggies.  The meat was really good, too.  Nicely seasoned.  The hummus was my favorite, and I had to order extra bread to finish it off.  I didn't eat the grape leaves but my husband said it was really good and had a strong herbal flavor to them.  They made this honey pastry cake and it was mildly sweet and sticky.  Overall, the food was great for a Greek stop and we frequent that place when we are in the mood for that kind of food.  The owner is there working once in awhile, and his son is there all the time.  Having a family work the business is a great sight to see, and ensures for me that they care about their food and therefore the quality there will always be good.If you like Greek, you should give this place a shot and see if you become addicted to it or not.  Lots of yelpers are fans, and although the good was great, I'm not a total fan.  For me to give four stars it has to haunt me in my dreams.  Still, great food.
5	This place rocks!I stop by every time I visit Las Vegas.  The food is clean and tastes great! Prices are reasonable so you don't feel like your breaking the bank to eat some good Greek food.  They do make everything as you order so sometimes it may take awhile to get your food.  I'd recommend calling in your order if you're going to take-out anyways.
5	I can't believe I have been driving by this place for years and never stopped in! My husband and I just dropped by for a gyro and it was as good as it gets. We love gyros and tzatziki and Yassou's didn't disappoint. The Greek fries just tasted like regular fries, so I probably wouldn't pay extra for them next time. We also tried the baklava which was very rich and sweet in a light syrup. Will definitely return!
5	I tried this place and loved it.  They make ever to order, and at a reasonable price.  If you are wanting some good greek food this is your place
5	I really like this place-I even consider it better than Paymon's or any of the Greek places I've been to in Las Vegas thus far.  The prices are very fair for what you get, and because it is "fast-casual", you don't really need to tip-a dollar or two is sufficient (IMO).  Food is fresh and very good.  It's a smaller place and not fancy, but it is VERY clean and is quite attractive.  The only negative is that they close rather early for my tastes (around 8 PM), and I really like to eat around 9 on weekends.  It's definitely worth a try-it's sort of "out of the way" in a retail/office building next to McDonald's on Buffalo and Charleston.
3	Finally checked this place out yesterday. Trying to hit up all the spots I have bookmarked! Anyway, the service was very friendly and I ordered the chicken special for lunch, which was 1 souvlaki skewer, salad, rice, tzatziki and pita. The bf ordered the super lemon chicken pita. My chicken souvlaki was nice and moist, but the salad was drenched in dressing that seemed to be dumped on top of the lettuce and not tossed through. That's a pet peeve of mine...hate getting one bite of dry salad and then the next bite swimming in dressing. Small thing, but kinda ruined the salad for me--the feta on it was yummy though. The tzatziki was ok,  but I've had better. It just tasted a bit processed or something--can't quite put my finger on it. Overall we both thought the food was good, but it wasn't so spectacular that I can't wait to go back. Don't get me wrong, I would definitely stop in there again for lunch if I was in the area, but I prob won't go out of my way to make a special trip over there.
4	I stopped here with my neighbor this afternoon for an early dinner.  I had the Chicken Souvlaki and she had the Gyro plate.  We each requested no rice and extra salad and they were very accommodating.  Their tzatziki was excellent.  My only complaint with any place like this is the plastic plates and dinnerware.  I know it's common in places like this, but it still is something I don't like.  I brought home a piece of baklava for dessert, and it was quite good.I will be back.  I'll probably do takeout the next time.
5	Can't believe the negative reviews that I read.........huh???  We must not have eaten at the same place?!?!?!?I consider this place to be far superior to Paymon's and all the other Americanized versions of Greek food that you can find here in town.  As for Lapriel H., that yelped about the man behind the counter was a Will Farrell look-a-like, etc. etc....................if you had read the literature on the wall, you'd have noticed that the man you're referring to is the owner, originally from Cyprus,  and  he spends 14 hours a day there both cooking and interacting with the patrons.~I recommend the Big Fat Gyro.......oh my, it's AMAZING!  It's a mixture of lamb and  beef and the meat is sooooooo tender!  The veggies are fresh and crisp and the feta is of a good quality!  The size of this thing resembles its name.......BIG & FAT!~The Greek fries are fantastic..........a taste of lemon, parsley, salt and feta!~And lastly, the Baklava.........what!!!!!!  I compare every single piece of Baklava that I eat to my mother's, who in my opinion, still makes the very best, but this was fantastic in so many different ways!  For those people who like Baklava for its traditional flakiness........this will satisfy your taste buds but with quite a twist.  It's covered with a honey sauce that makes it mushy to just the right degree......almost a cake like texture.  I can't describe it, can't put it into words.....~It's a casual, near fast food type place with a very homey atmosphere! A+
3	Was here for lunch on 11/20/2010.  I ordered a Gyro (platter).  It was quite good. I love these and had not eaten one in a very long time. I found the side of greek salad lacking a bit, it had enough cheese & dressing, but otherwise was all lettuce (only one olive).  I would have liked to see more "stuff" in the salad.  The "lamb" was a little dry, not ready to believe its always this way though. Having only eaten here once, this may have only been the luck of the draw, not sure. I will certainly try it again.
3	I was tired of McDonald's, Burger King, and all the other fast food restaurants I was eating from.  So, I yelped for places and found this with some good ratings and others not so good.  Needless to say, I had no expectations for this restaurant.  I figured anything that doesn't have anything to do with American fast food will be good for me.Our order were as follows:1.)  My Big Fat Gyro 5.79Flame broiled beef & lamb with feta cheese.  This was tasty and had a lot of flavor to it.  Because it was so fat, it was hard to put my mouth around it.  That didn't sound too good, should I have written this differently so it doesn't so graphic?  All jokes aside, this is definitely a no joke gyros.2.)  Greek Fries  $2.69I have had better greek fries.  For some reason, this was more bland than the other ones I've had in other restaurants.3.)  Veggie Spreads Plate 7.49A delicious assortment of Hummus, Tzakziki, Taramosalata & meatless Dolmades.  I felt this one was lacking something.  The rice was just so bored on its own, and I found the salad to be just okay.  Everything else on the plate was pretty good.  As for texture, there wasn't much added to it.  I rated it A-Ok because it's just that, A-Ok.
5	My big fat Gyro is so good and don't forget the Greek fries ( with feta and garlic). It makes the meal.My family and I live in Louisiana and whenever we are in Las Vegas we go to Yassou Greek Grill with out fail. Everything is good and the staff is super friendly.
2	So So - Greek food... I have had better in smaller joint across town... not bad if you are on their side of town - light fare... Was looking for the Wow factor - did not find it... nothing wrong with the food - just average...your constant companion,~deirdra
3	BF were in the area and hungry so I popped in on Yelp to find a place and Yassou came up. I also saw that there was a coupon for $5 off $20 here: http://www.citycoups.com/yassougreekgrillcoupon.html so we were sold. When we got there, the lady at the counter is firm that you MUST print out the coupon off the website. Kinda a bummer considering I was already in front of their place, saw that ad and because of it decided to come in. We shared-Super lemon chicken pita sandwich ($6.79)- the difference with the super and regular lemon chicken is theres more meat and feta cheese in it. I think the super is the way to go since the feta helped meld the chicken, lemon, tzatziki all together. I think this is definitely something I'd get again and recommend getting here. Gyro and Spanakopita plate ($8.59)- the gyro meat is pretty standard good, salad greens were fresh, pilaf is good, pita is soft. I appreciated that the spanakopita wasn't greasy, but it was just missing something for me so the plate over all was just okay. It's order at the counter and find a seat so I don't have much to say about service other than what I stated above. Prices are reasonable and it's a cute little place If I'm in the area, I might stop in for that super lemon chicken sandwich but so far my overall impression is that this isn't I'd go drive all the way down for.
5	I agree with Bethany L.  Yassou's is the best in town, hands down!  My fiance and I have frequented this place for years now and it is one of the most consistent places around.  The meat is always tender and juicy. The vegetables are always crisp and fresh.  Not to mention they use high quality vegetables that you can actually taste!   You'll never go hungry at Yassou's.  The portions are huge and the prices are reasonable.  The Market Grill has nothing on this place nor does Paymon's.  My favs: Big Fat Gyro, Gyro Plate, Baklava, pudding dessert, salads, chicken skewers.  The owner and his son always have a smile on their faces.  When do you ever walk into a restaurant and they actually want to help you?  Hardly ever!  They are in the Entertainment Book and it's probably the first coupon we use!
5	It's great here. Friendly staff, delicious food. The souvlaki combo is my favorite. They also have a mini souvlaki combo, not on the regular menu, but posted by the register. It's still huge.
5	the staff here is super nice. i love that they greet everyone as they come through the door. the food is super good and you know its made to order because it takes a bit before they bring it out to you. i had the gyro and steak souvlaki combo...Mmmm Mmmmm! i also shared some greek fries with my friend. nice portions. it definitely fulfilled our craving for greek food. =)
4	Happened to be on this side of town, which for some reason the good Greek restaurants seem to be (I'm Greek, live in Henderson...get with the program people), and happened to stop to have a bite to eat. I'm very glad I did. First of all, the people are very friendly and gave us a sample of the Greek custard dessert they had, which of course we purchased. My friend and I both got the gyro plate and were both pleased. The beef/lamb was seasoned just right and I loved the salad and rice that the plate comes with. I usually don't eat the rice, but theirs was good. Now for the custard dessert...wow, this was delicious. It was a generous piece that my friend and I shared, warm custard, topped with phyllo and of course, some honey. Highly recommend. I'm looking forward to going back!
5	Got a lemon herb gyro it was bursting with juices herbs veggies and just plain great we also got a gyro plate with a very flavorful dressing for the salad rice really complemented the gyro meat the tzaziki sauce was very good only complaint is a very small piece of pita needed more
4	The food is always seasoned just right. They never just overload on spices and hope for the best. I have ordered the chicken souvlaki here several times and it always tastes the same...always delicious. I visit duting random times so I don't really know when they're rush is like but there are always people going in and out of the place. The service is always friendly.
4	Their Food is Great and the father and son that run the restaurant are great too. Everything is always fresh and good. I have a special interest because the son got married through my dating service (Interactions Dating). So Yassou keep up the great food.                                                             Elaine
5	I walked in just now after they had closed at 5:00, and although the kitchen was put away, the owners nephew offered to serve me the things that he could still make up. :) I thought that was such a nice gesture instead of turning away a first-time visitor, and hungry one at that! :) I had the Greek Salad and Rice Pilaf, and the Hummus, and all of it was awesome! Yum! I'm a new fan of this place because of everything they did. Wish more businesses were like them. Everyone come here and try these guys. Family owned, let's support them! :)
5	GREAT Greek Food.  The kabobs and the gyros are delicious!!  The meat is always perfectly cooked, and the rice is my absolute favorite!  Everything is always fresh.  Never had a bad experience.  Very friendly staff, you can tell it is family owned.  It's the perfect place for takeout... call in your order, because this place gets busy!!
5	I've been eating here since before Yelp! was even around (no seriously.)  And I love it.  For years I've come here on a weekly or so basis and gotten my to-go order for lunch at work.  I get the Veggie Kabob (Vegetarian here) but back in the day before I was a Vegetarian, I had the Steak Kabob - SO.  GOOD.Also the Greek Fries are like heaven in your mouth.  I could eat them all day (and I do, and that's why I also have a gym membership.)  I also tend to order extra salad or rice when I go, because it's so good.  They have plenty of ample seating and a nice background noise of music, as well as a TV usually on during the day.  The staff is also really friendly.  I love to just go in there and chat with them while I wait for my food - they're caring and this is a great example of a family owned business that we need more of in Vegas.(I know I've said it already: but TRY THE GREEK FRIES!)
5	Been eating here for years. I lived in Vegas from 2006 - 2008 and that was my weekly Saturday go to lunch spot. Every time I go back to Vegas, i must stop in. Peter (the owner) is always friendly and loves to feed me. This food is authentically Greek as it gets. Feels like my grandmother is there cooking for me. I never really liked the "quick service" plastic plates here, because I feel it cheapens the food. Their food deserves fine china. I love it and my wife couldn't stop talking about the salad dressing (this was her first visit). They always do it right. A must eat for a trip to the West side of Vegas....
5	Yassou is the best Greek food I've ever had!  We eat here once a week, and crave the Gyro Plate.  The meat is always perfectly cooked and the portions are generous (In fact writing this is making my mouth water.)!  Peter the owner is friendly and welcoming you always feel like you are coming home to eat.  If you are ready for the REAL deal, and haven't tried Yassou, you should, even if there is a line out the door. . . the food is worth the wait!  Outstanding!!!
5	Again...fresh, tasty food.  Don't forget a piece of that scrumptious baklava!!  Best value in town when it comes to Greek.
5	Yum Yum! Delicious, great service, great food. The chicken salad was so good and tasty and the chicken was juicy and lemony. I'll be back soon!
4	ok so I've only been here once but I'm already in love. We found this place w/ the Entertainment guide book. (and Yelp app of course) we left the Meadows mall in search of this greek place.  love at first sight. THe place is so cute and they have the greek music in the bkground so you feel like you're on the set of that wedding movie. I ordere the souvlaki mini. Perfect for me. mini greek salad, a skewer of chicken, skewer of steak, rice, pita bread, that yogurt sauce and lemon.  I'd order that again in a heartbeat. My bf went w/ the super lemon chicken pita sandwhich and it was to die for. I loved it. even just the one bite, I'd drive all the way bk from henderson Green Valley just to order that. After reading the reviews the only thing we knew for sure was we were giong to order the greek fries. eh. that was the lowest rated item I tried. Nxt time I go I'll get the lemon pita and a baklava.
5	I have gone to Yassou Greek Grill twice now for lunch and both times it has been a top notch experience. First off their prices appeal to a heeb like me. You can get a huge gyro platter for under $10 bucks, it filled me up both times I have had it. You would be paying $15 or more at another Greek restaurant for a similar dish. The title of Best Greek food I have had in Las Vegas is a toss up between Market Fresh Grille and Yassou Greek Grill Cafe. Both have been consistently high in quality and taste of the food. The variety of food on the menus will keep you going back for more. But the tie goes to Yassou because of the excellent economical pricing.
5	On their menu it says "Greek food never tasted so Greek."  And I agree!We found this gem because it is located next to Hottie Hair Salon.  We came during lunch last week and the place was BOOMING!We had to pile into a line that was poking out the door.  Every table was taken (except for outside) and we were worried that we wouldn't be able to find a table big enough to accommodate our party of five.  Luckily, we came a bit later than noon.  By the time it was our turn to order, the tables had cleared out some and we were able to grab a seat.I was torn on what to get, but I was kind of hungry so instead of opting for the "My Big Fat Gyro" which comes with fries and a drink, I ordered the "Gryo Plate."  The plate came with beef and lamb, greek salad, rice, pita bread and tzatziki sauce.It took about 10 minutes for our food to come, but the sign at the counter says to please allow 15 minutes.   At this time I was so hungry that I grabbed a piece of pita, put some meat in it and tzatziki sauce.  I took a bite and I couldn't help but be startled by what I did next.  I uncontrollably said "WOW!"  I had surprised myself when I did that, but it really was that good.The food was fresh and delicious.  The plate offers very large portions.  I felt like I got a bargain for the price that I paid.The employees were efficient and friendly.  The place was really busy and I could TASTE why.  Next time I come I am getting the "My Big Fat Gryo" special with american fries and a drink.   I am hoping to eat there again soon for lunch.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	A Greek man once told me "This is the only good Greek food in Las Vegas". I can't say that I've eaten at every Greek place in LV, but I can say that none of the other places I've tried have come close.Let's start with what to expect, the employees/owners do not seem to be the most service oriented people. Some days they greet you with a hello, other days they convey a sense of "hurry up and order". I would like to go on record as stating that I don't believe this is a bad thing. I don't care if the staff doesn't hug and comfort me in times of need, I just want good food which is exactly what Yassou provides. Their prices are fair given the quality and size of the plates they serve. I usually end up spending 10-15 dollars a meal. The thing that really sets them apart for me is their meats. Cooked perfectly, not dry, not tough, and definitely not bland. They offer a few of those "powder from a box" smoothies, not good at all, but again, what really makes this place worth visiting is the food. For all you folks who feel limited by "doors" and "walls", they have tables outdoors which is a plus.
5	Love this place. My husband and I ate there on a weekly basis at one point. Food is delicious, fresh, and consistent. Only gripe is tables were always dirty - it is pretty casual, but if in-n-out can keep their tables clean, I think this place can handle their 10 tables a little better. Obviously, the food is so good it did not deter us from coming back again and again!
5	There is simply no other Greek restaurant in Vegas.  I've had pricier, fancier Greek dining in Vegas and other cities, and frankly, no other restaurant holds up to Yassou's quality.  It's a great place, everything on the menu is great and the waitstaff is wonderfully kind.  If you're ever in need for Greek, Yassou is definitely your best option!
5	The food was very good and service great. The portions are not small at all from their appetizers, sandwiches or plates. They have a nice variety too.
3	Stumbled across this place by accident on a trip out to Suncoast.It's edible.This isn't the most delicious or authentic greek food I've ever had, but it isn't terrible.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but also wouldn't tell anyone it's not worth trying at least once.Overall, just average.
4	When I am craving Greek food, this is the place I come to. The Big Fat Gyro is the best Gyro I have had in town, not lacking in anything. Have you ever had a Gyro and thought that if it only had more of something then it would be better? Not the case here, the name explains it all. Its big, its fat, and it is yummy. There are also a lot of other sandwiches stuffed and sides. My favorite side from here is the Dolmades. There were canned Dolmades on a shelf and I'm not sure if that's what they are serving but it definitely tastes better than any of the other places.It's not the cheapest Mediterranean food joint but it the food justifies the prices IMO. So far I haven't had anything better along the lines of Mediterranean fast food so this is my top pick for now.
4	Good food just a bit pricy
5	I frequent Yassou almost on a weekly basis.  This is the best GREEK food in town.   If you go for lunch, try to go before 12, otherwise, there is aways a line!  I prefer eating at places that have a line because that tells you the food is fresh and yummy.  They have a few awesome lunch specials.  You can even use a coupon from the Entertainment! The chicken kabobs are the best/ If you like Gyros, order the big fat with feta and Greek fries.  They also have a lemony soup that's great for our weather now. YK
5	Some people say "I'm not a Chef but I know what I like... Well I was a Chef and I really like Yassou Greek Grill Cafe! My wife and I eat out all over town 3-5 meals a week. We may have become spoiled a little. So when I say to my wife "Let's Eat Greek" I know she will just look up and say "Yassou"  Ika
5	Best Greek food in town. Spankopita & greek fries are awesome. Perfect for lunch don't forget they close fairly early no late dinners here.
4	The Yassou Greek Grill Cafe was one of life's little happy surprises.  Although I've lived in the area for over thirty years and they have been open for seven, this was the first time I walked in the door (due to the yelp reviews I read on my phone). The only reason I didn't rate it 5 stars, was that it looked like my home office at tax time (a bit unorganized and cluttered) with half of the chairs upside down on the tables in the middle of the afternoon.  The service was friendly, and was told that they get very busy at lunch time.The food was superb.  It was the best Greek food I've tasted since I left Chicago thirty years ago.  The dolmodes (thank goodness not vegan) had it's ground lamb and rice spiced to perfection, and was treated to love in its lemon sauce.  The spanikopita was probably the best I have ever tasted, with its filo dough layered and flaky, and very pleasantly spiced.  If I was blindfolded and served this food on a porcelain plate with silverware, I would have paid 50% more for the meal and would have thought the food was a bargain.  I can't wait to go back and try the pastitsio and moussaka.
5	Not often am on that side of town. Whenever I do make it point too get my greek on! I think by far the best Greek food in Vegas. Everything on the menu is Greek heaven! I always get the gyros and spankopita! The gryos meat juicy, spot on cooked, as is the spankopita, and awesome greek salad (love the dressing, nice black greek olives, nice feta chesse, cucumbers) and rice. The price really REALLY affordable talk about food for under $10 get money worth! I tried the baklava normally never have enough room by the end. I had lunch with friends visiting decided too try much different things off the menu. Dessert was one of them. Nice. Really sweet and rich but then again that the only way I think of baklava! Music playing is authentic Greek music. You truly get that feeling of old school family (hold less then 80 people?) run restaurant. Not chain restaurant and tell the quality of the food feels like family secrets from one generation too another. The staff is really friendly and visitors in town not normally eat greek food had questions. The server was very attentive and answered all of my friends questions. The parking ample parking in front of the building the only thing gets me each time. I tend too miss the entrance for that little shopping complex. It tends too sneak up on you and that the only entrance for that shopping area. I had too turn around. Still for piece of Greek heaven so worth it! =)))
5	One word says it all...AWESOME !!!!
5	Love this place!!! We've been here a couple of times and we just can't get enough of the Greek Fries!!! It might just be the best fries in town :) The lemon herb steak pita was soooo good! I'm craving for it right now as I think about it! Hummus is yummy! And of course, the Greek Salad is something we'll be coming back for! What a great place! It is family run and you can tell that they take pride in preparing the freshest and best dish for you!
5	Best food in town! I could eat here daily. It's a cafe' style restaurant and stays pretty busy. Try the Chicken Souvlaki plate! Rice, salad, pita, and juicy chicken scewered.
2	I can really appreciate some good Mediterranean food. Mediocre Mediterranean? Not so much... As far as it is from my house, I doubt I'll make the drive all the way out here any time soon.KABOBS: Doesn't Mediterranean food revolve around grilled meats? The steak souvlaki was a little tough, quite flavorless, and dry. Given I did take my order to-go, but the 15 minute drive home exasperated an already existing issue. The gyro meat was pretty tasty! It was thinly sliced and quite flavorful unlike the beef chunks they threw on a stick.SIDES: The combo plates we ordered were supposed to come with greek salad, rice, and pita. The pita was stone cold and they were out of rice--they replaced it with extra salad. We also got an order of the garlic fries. Basically, french fries packed with feta and some garlic powder. I've eaten better at the greek festival. The kabobs and the rest of the sides were somewhat lack-luster. But we really enjoyed the calamari. It was just as delicious as the stuff I get at Firefly. But the dipping sauce it came with was disgusting . It was some stale tasting butter concoction.After this meal of good and bad, I'm kind've over Mediterranean food at this point. After finishing the whole meal, I couldn't substantiate that the $25 I spent plus gas was worth it.
5	Best Greek food this side of Athens. Family-owned; they treat customers as they would treat guests at their home for dinner. I have tried almost everything on the menu--it was all great. My favorite is the Super Lemon Herb Chicken Pita. Makes my mouth water just to think about it.
5	Was on my way to Red Rock Canyon when I stumbled across this spot. Don't be fooled by the modern, chain-looking exterior. This is about as authentic a Greek dining experience you'll find (and as someone who lives in NYC, that says a lot)..I ordered the big fat gyro and rice/greek salad. With a fresh iced tea, the total was $11, a true bargain. Also of note, the staff (from the son at the register to the owner, exactly as you'd picture a Greek chef, working his magic in back, to the pleasant food runners) couldn't have been better.The food: the gyro literally is big and fat, but the perfect combination of meat (beef & lamb), veggies, tzatziki and feta. It's not too big that you can't pick it up, but literally perfect. A top 5 gyro among the many I've eaten in life. The salad and rice was good, but nothing too special. The Greek fries I saw headed to other tables looked delicious, but you need to draw the line somewhere.Overall, amazing food, great staff and more. Do yourself a favor and eat here if you're ever nearby!
4	Wow this is probably the best service I have received from any restaurant in Las Vegas. While it's hard to find decent Greek food in town, I would have to say that this is probably #2 on my list. Plus they still accommodated us when we showed up 15 mins prior to closing. There were a couple items that prevented it from getting a 5-star rating. So let's break down the food. A great way to help judge a Greek restaurant is by ordering their hummus and we did just that. They provided quite a bit of pita and croutons for you to dip in your hummus, unfortunately the hummus had no flavor. There was no lemon zest or taste of olive oil that normally comes through at other places. Heck I'm not much of a salt person and even I thought it needed some sodium. Next up, we had their Greek fries covered in Greek seasoning, feta and parsley...I thoroughly enjoyed these. These would be so good with a gyro!Now the main dishes - Your steak souvlaki was overcooked and tough to chew. Your chicken souvlaki was the savior as the robust flavors bursted in my mouth. Ah yes! Your lamb was tender and flavorful. Surprisingly it wasn't very greasy either.  Your tzatziki sauce wasn't as thick and tart as other places. I could swear it tasted more like sour cream than Greek yogurt, but whatever, it was still good. The rice was instant rice which was ok but I love me some homemade rice. The salad was good, mine just had a bit too much dressing.The owner is a great guy and constantly checked on us to make sure we were satisfied with the food. Though it seems pricey, I thought for 3 people it was a great deal especially all the food we ate.
5	LOVE. God I miss it.Run by a honest-to-goodness Greek family, this place is home-cooked Greek food heaven. And the portions are huge- if you get a plate, you'll have a meal for tomorrow too!The ambiance isn't great, but let's be honest-- few places in Vegas give you that. If you're in Vegas, you aren't there for the scenery. So get over it.I digress. Back to the food, oh God the food. The gyros are whopping fistfuls of juicy, perfectly seasoned delight. The spanakopita is just flaky enough to give you the feeling that you're eating something healthy-- but it's Greek, so you're not. The steak souvlaki..... sorry, just choked on my own drool. Perfectly tender, marinated, I'll even lick the skewers those beautiful chunks of meat are served on.Every time I'm back in town, I make sure to stop here. Still haven't found an equivalent in my new city. I no longer believe that is possible....Now I'm depressed.
5	I eat here almost 4 times a week! What's my order? "Gyro-Chicken salad, meat well-done  to go!" This is the best way to order, I know because I'm the "DUKE"Chicken well done am I insane? No! Trust me when you order the chicken well done, it ends up being crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside because of the marinated lemon juice.As for the Gyro being well done, that should be mandatory at all gyro places due to the questionable meat, but I make it a point to do so. Plus, i like my gyro meat that way because it ends up tasting like bacon."To go" because of the Panda Express rule. Your just get more and  It is served in a nice container with dressing on the side. If you order to eat there, it's served on a plate and the dressing is way too wet for the salad.   So the whole order is sort of like a chopped chicken salad with feta instead. I forgot about the small bits of fried pita that taste like heaven!
5	Co-workers rave about this place so I decided to take a detour on my way home and stop by for lunch. All I can say is:Yum! this is one of the better Greek restaurants I have eaten at. I ordered the gyro plate. It comes with a Greek salad, rice pilaf, beef and lamb, and pita. I took a seat and minutes later they brought out my plate. The meat is so tender, the pita was nice and warm and the salad was fresh. My only complaint was that although the rice pilaf was soft and fluffy it was a bit too salty for me. But I still ate it and before I knew it my plate was empty and I was stuffed. As I went to the coke machine for a refill one of the cooks came out for the kitchen and asked how was everything. I still had a mouth full of food so I gave him a thumbs up.
5	This is by far and away the finest Greek food I have ever had!  Thank God I found this place as I will be eating there often.  Fantastic flavors, portions were plentiful and the service was wonderful.
5	Yummy Yummy Yummy! I love Yassou. This place is really laid back, the perfect place for lunch. The food is amazing. I always order the chicken gyro plate with a side feta fries (can't resist). The portions are great and the food is always fresh.Definitely one of the best Greek grilles in Las Vegas.
5	I have been coming here for years since its first year and the quality is consistently good if not even better now and the portions have never minimized unlike many successful restaurants that get greedy!  For $11 I get a delicious chicken kabob, plenty of Gyro meat, yellow rice, salad, and pita bread...a meal that lasts 2 days and I usually don't even eat leftovers but I look forward to stretching this out! The owner is always appreciative and nice, humble guy =)
5	This is my fave Greek restaurant. Now granted I keep ordering the same damn thing, but baby its done to perfection. Its ran by a real Greek family, and they are super nice. They seem to know all of their regulars. So go there you won't be disappointed!
4	A sandwich fit for a hungry man. That was the only thing running through my head as the waitress placed down my enormous gyro. A combo with American fries and a smoothie comes in at a cool $10.99. It might seem like a lot for fast food, but once you see the gyro it is not outrageous. What is ridiculous is the thought that any single person could finish this colossal pita sandwich alone. Yassou does give a generous portion of meat, veggies, feta, and tzatziki sauce. I was torn about the meat, because I love the crispiness, but it was also a little dry. With the amount of yogurt based dressing, it is easy to overlook. I am glad that I split this meal with my sister. By the time we finished, we were both out of commission and ready for a nap.
5	I've eaten here three times within a week. It is that good.The Mini Souvlaki needs to have its name changed. It should be called "Perfect Souvlaki" because the portioning is perfect, and the food is perfect.It's been only a month since I've moved to Vegas, and it's restaurants like this that make it easy for me to call a new city home.
5	The best Greek food in Las Vegas.  It's nice to see a real family owned and run restaurant where they actually care about the customers.  The staff is always friendly and the food is super tasty.  Our family has been eating there since they opened and the food is consistently great.  The dining room area was recently expanded to allow more diners during busy times.  Go there and try it, you won't be disappointed.  If you are feeling daring, order a Greek coffee and have the owner's son make it.  He makes it perfectly.
4	Some of the best Greek food in the city, but the hours are a disappointment. Who closes at 8 p.m. in Las Vegas? Do they not want to make money? If you do catch them open, try the lemon-herb chicken pita or any salad here. Delicious.The restaurant itself is charming and Mediterranean, in a family-style way. A bit cluttered and campy with mass-produced copies of old Aegean art and the de rigueur travel posters, but the staff is warm, welcoming and willing to accommodate any special request. The only disappointing item on the menu is the baklava. It's among the worst I've had anywhere - shocking, considering these folks know, and produce, great Greek food. They should change the baklava immediately. It's a gaping hole in an otherwise very solid bill of fare.Don't miss this place.
4	Great food! Clean place... Great service... May be my new go to place in the area!
4	The first thing that drew me to Yassou Greek Grill Cafe in 2008 was the building.  I'm a fan of Greek Mythology and had only had Greek food once before, and thought this place with the Greek lettering and broken pillar logo looked quite inviting.  Plus, it was very close to CSN.My favorite thing to order is the My Big Fat Gyro w/o onions... because, well, who likes onions?  You get a great, heaping helping of lamb, tomatoes, lettuce, feta, and tzatziki sauce.  The Greek fries are also yummy-- I think they are sprinkled with a touch of lemon, and then lots of feta cheese.The owners are amicable and if you're unsure of what to order, they can make great recommendations.  One of my friends hadn't had lamb before, and they sliced a sample off the rotisserie just for her to try.  They also sell the pita bread they use on their gyros.I'm so happy that a mom and pop place that actually serves quality food is surviving this economy.
5	Great food and this coming from someone who normally will opt out of eating Greek food.
5	i think this is the best place to eat greek or meditaranian food in Las Vegas. This is also family owned business for longest time in Las Vegas west area. Owner is the chef means always good food. Its always fresh and clean. Love their own sause and Big fat gyro. Checken greek salad has unique taste and way different that othe greek joints. Hidden place but  Must try!!!
4	Food is great. Service is lacking. Girl behind counter all though super nice is pushing retarded. You tell her one thing she does another. I watched it with my own eyes in the 30 minutes I sat in the restaurant.
5	This family run restaurant is great! It was our first time so we asked for help and we received great suggestions. Food was fresh, fast and full or flavor. Lunch rush gets a little crazy but there is plenty of seating outside.
3	This is a great spot for Greek food. Actually I'd say it's the only spot for Greek food because their competition is not even worth mentioning.Even though their prices are somewhat high, you get a sizable plate for it. I mean really, you'd be hard pressed to still be hungry after ordering a complete plate. The flavors are good, and everything is cooked pretty consistently every time I've been. Hey, it's still fast food. Everyone is friendly. It has that "family run" feeling when you watch everyone interact behind the counter. If I were to complain about something, it would be that it's strangely hot in there pretty much all the time. This must be a ventilation issue.They also have a coupon on their website but you have to physically print it for them to accept it. Just an FYI.
5	Wow! Thanks LVYELP for all the great reviews!I love trying new places!Today I made my way to Yassou for the first time with one of my besties.We ordered 3 appetizers and a main entree and shared everything. $30 for 2 people for lunch is reasonable! Everything we had was delicious! I'm a fan of their pita bread and hummus!I found my new favorite greek spot for lunch in the city! I will come back! My gf and I both agreed YGGC rocks!Love it! If you're in the area or visiting the city and looking for greek food... come here! no regrets!great customer service, no problem with seating (indoor/outdoor) or parking, affordable!-Miss Yelp 2012
5	Let me start by saying that I am not a huge fan of Greek food. This place is pretty fantastic. I got the lemon herb steak salad and for something so simple, it sure was mighty tasty! The chef is friendly and will make suggestions for you as well.
5	My family and I enjoy eating at this restaurant.  The staff is always friendly, the food tastes great, and it's very clean.  My favorites are the Super Steak Pita, the Gyro, and the Combo Souvlaki.  Tastes very much like my families dishes from Greece.  As good as it gets when it comes to authentic!
5	Yum Yum Yum. Need I say more? This place rocks. Pizza for my picky son,a big fat gyro for my daughter who misses them from our trip to Greece, and for Mama a platter, really reasonable, really yummy, really fresh.
3	Thing I like most about Yassou is the lemon herb marinade/sauce that they use on several of their items.  They do this well.  Generally speaking, I'm not going to go out of my way to eat here.  I think there are better Greek/Mediterranean places at about the same price-point...and most of them are sit down places with more comfortable seating. The gyros are solid here...they do their chicken gyros better than average...nothing else telling my stomach to tell my brain to come back here though.I do love their black and white checkerboard tiles :)
4	A solid place for Greek comfort food in a casual cafe-meets-deli atmosphere.  Everything we had was delicious and served promptly.  My lemon-herb chicken pita went down very easily: savoury and herby and all-round yummy.  Hubby had a veggie combo with dolmades, spanikopita, etc. and enjoyed each bite.  Major points for food deliciousness but a star taken off for dirty floors and slightly sticky tables!  (I've made those comments about other places....broken record? or just over-observant clean freak?)  Staff was not as friendly as I expected them to be, but I'm still giving 4* because the food was great.
4	Great spot to get Greek
5	Easy 5 star....here's why :Not only was it the best tasting gyro I have had to date, but it was one of the best priced lunches.I went with the combo, gyro, fries, and smoothie shake for $10 and change.  The gyro was great...I think the feta cheese puts it on another level.  The fries were kind of plain...wish they had a sauce or seasoning....just get another cucumber sauce to dip the fries :)The smoothie was surprisingly good...a nice touch, instead of offering a soda with the combo.  I would have went with water otherwise.Also had a chicken pita sandwich...zesty lemon and herbs...also a good choice.Can't go wrong here!  We will come back again!
5	Money.  For $7.95, I had a beautiful plate of Greek goodies.  Chicken Souvlaki lunch special gets you a fresh greek salad (the Kalmata olives are not pitted.  Don't crack a tooth!), 3 or 4 pieces of hot pita bread, a skewer of chicken and onion pieces which are really well seasoned, and some of the best rice pilaf I have had in a while.  A fountain drink adds $2 to the total, but for $10, I left very satisfied.Lest I forget, there is a quiet little patio if you go through the restaurant.  Service was passeable, if not overly friendly.  Interior was clean and lots of lunch regulars.  Can't wait to go back when I am off the wagon and try the Greek fries!
4	This place is a hidden gem! The food was really good. I had the Souvlaki beef/chicken plate and my bf had the Moussaka plate. The meat was tender and cooked perfectly. The salad and rice are made well too. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the fact that the moussaka was really soggy. The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. They're priced well too. We plan on going back sometime soon!
3	Yassou is a place I have visited many times over the past several years. I can always count on them having delicious gyros and fries. I love the My Big Fat Gyro and I order it without onions. My friend ordered his without tomatoes. I know, who doesn't like tomatoes? Haha.  I was a little disappointed the last time I was in there since they got both of our orders wrong. Not a huge deal, but definitely disappointing. I also asked for ketchup and they forgot it. It's the little things that make or break the experience at a restaurant. If they had been busy, I would understand. They weren't busy. If I was reviewing the quality of the food alone, I would give them 4 stars. Due to the not so great service, I felt I had to deduct one star. Makes me sad, but I'm sure I'll be back.
5	Hands down the best Greek food I have ever had.  Authentic feel, friendly service.  I would make a recommendation of what to get, but it is all amazing and made to order!!!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Two Part Review,  First, have stopped at the Greek Grill , several times, eaten inside, but mostly to-go, orders,   my favorites are the "Big Fat Gyro, a resounding "10" and the "lemon chicken gyro" salad, it was on my re-order list as well.  "But"Second Part, some one changed the dressing, brand, content, or recipe  for this salad,  the "old dressing" superb,  the new a bust. not good, if they go back to the original dressing,  its a "10"  if they stay with the new, its a "2" I love the place, location is the other side of town for me, but sometimes worth the drive,
5	The best!  Try the gyro and chicken plate, you won't be disappointed.  Always great taste, quality, quantity and value - unbelievable(we keep meaning to try other items on the menu, but we really love this meal).  It includes the best tasting rice, pita bread and greek salad.  We have tried all the Greek places in Vegas over the years and you can't beat this place!
4	Today I had this craving for Greek Cusine. My sister and I headed on over to Yassou Greek Grill Cafe. I ordered the Gyro Beef & Lamb pita sandwich for which I was very pleased. The cashier was very friendly. The restuarant was very clean. The best $7.00 dollars I ever spent
4	My husband and I first discovered this Yassou through the entertainment guide. I started my order with the Dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) for $5.99. They serve them with a thick lemony sauce on top. It is different from how my mom makes it but it still tastes pretty good. I chose the Steak Souvlaki plate as my main entree ($10.99). The steak kabobs were excellent ! They are marinated in lemon and herbs. It is served with rice and a fresh salad. The rice has a lemony flavor to it. I liked this place so much I took my brother here because he always craves this type of cuisine. He also loves the food here !
5	This place has amazing greek food and is way cheaper than everyone else in town. I usually get the gyro platter or the chicken wrap (can't remember real name of it until i see the board),  and both are so tasty and the wrap is stuffed to no limit which is awesome. The smoothies are always tasty especially when its a 110 out . I highly recommend this place for greek food!!
4	I can honestly say this is a neighborhood restaurant that stays consistent.  The food is excellent, you cant beat the price for the well portioned meals, and the service is fast and friendly.  I've moved out of the neighborhood but I can say I'll go out of my way to come here for a great meal.
5	This is the best Greek food ever!  Our office placed a to-go order for 8 people.  The order was correct and the food was delicious!!  I really appreciate the vegetarian options.  The meatless dolmades are delicious but I really love the spanakopita.  I come here about one a month and have for many years now.  Thank you!
5	How can I express my love for Yassou's?!?! I love everything I have ever tried there and the staff always makes you feel welcome when you come in.  It almost feels like you are walking into a street cafe in Athens.  OPA! I have tried a lot of things on the menu and everything is always great.  The meals are all big and will definitely fill you to the brim.  The appetizers are a decent size and easy to share.  The hummus here is really, REALLY good too!  Always a good sign for a Greek joint.  And the gyros....Oh the gyros!  I think they have the best Gyros in town hands down. In fact I often dream about the Big Fat Gyro and always wake up happy just thinking about. If you haven't been yet, go RIGHT NOW and get one, maybe two!  The meat is tender and packed with flavor!  The pita is so soft and fluffy. And the tzatziki sauce is amazing!  Yum, yum, yummy!So the moral of the story is if you want some great Greek food, get to Yassou's now!
5	I had the 6 oz herb chicken pita and it was delicious. I also added a Cyprus smoothie (strawberry and mango_ which was quite tasty. I would definitely return.
4	Once again, yelp has not failed me.  This place has great food.  The meat was tender and very flavorful, and the salad was fresh with the dressing spot on.  They were very accomodating to a last minute order change.  The baklava was a perfect way to end the meal :) This is one of those places that I want to try everything on the menu :)
2	Easy to miss from the street. Cannot enter if west bound on Charleston. Not enough parking and small spaces. When it was my turn in line the cashier took order from people behind me. The guy and his pregnant wife ordered ignoring that I was in line ahead of them.  Perhaps I should have made a scene, instead I went back to the end of the line. I waited while five other people who were behind me ordered before me.  I ordered Gyros plate to go. Was $10.15 (included tax). Soda was $2! Are you kidding me? Hello, you are not on the strip. Food was mediocre. Nowhere near as good as Shish Kabob Cafe. I realize one is Greek and other is Armenian, but items on menu are similar. For dine in, Yassou serves food on disposable plates. Cheesy. I would describe as overpriced fast food.  I was not impressed and will probably not go back.
4	This has to be some of the best Greek food I have ever tasted.I ordered the Moussaka Plate and it was amazing. The dish itself was warm and flavorful (not to mention filling!). The pita was freshly made and was the perfect side for my meal.The owner was working his tail off to make sure everyone was happy and the staff was very kind. My wife enjoyed her meal as well (I forget what it was).I will definitely be going back here. The tea was tasty and hot (boom!).
5	One of the best places I've had Greek food at.
4	I normally don't eat Greek food but enjoyed it. Will come back and try other stuff on the menu
3	This wasn't too bad.  I had the lamb gyro.  Needs a little more flavor some where and thats where the sauce comes in.  I would come back for seconds and try something different.
5	A favorite place to get greek food. The value for your money is amazing. I've been going there for years and most of the time I could barely finish the portions.My favorite dish is the Steak Souvulaki plate which comes with two steak skewers, salad, rice, pita bread and amazing home made yogurt sauce.The greek pizza is amazing as well.There's a family feel when you get inside, it's almost like visiting your grandma for lunch.Very nice friendly people, and can't say that enough the best greek food in Las Vegas. It's a must try joint
4	First time for my me and my husband.  I am of Greek decent and this tastes just like Yiayia's cooking. We will be back on our next visit to Las Vegas!
5	Great gyros and great customer service. I haven't tried anything else on the menu other than the fries but I really like going here for gyros. Been to Yassou's a few times and will continue to keep going back.
4	Stopped by here for lunch with a colleague to grab a bite to eat. First of all, their customer service is TOP NOTCH! As soon as we walked in, the guy behind the register greeted us and chatted with my friend (he's a regular there). He was very polite and went out of his way to make sure I was comfortable and had everything and anything I could have wanted. He was like that with every person who walked in. KUDOS! It seemed like most of the people who came in were regulars, or they treated them that way. I can't say enough nice things about how awesome the service was. Now to the food. I had a Big Fat Gyro Sandwich that was yummy. My only complaint was that it needed more tahini sauce (again, you can never have too much!) but I stole some from my dining partner. It was a great, light meal. I definitely will be back!
5	Tonight I had the Olympic Veggie Pita in my life I ever experienced such a tasty and delicious sandwich. The service was great and the place was clean as a whistle. I would recommend this place to anyone
4	Ate at yassou today for the first time with a couple of friends of mine that raved about it.  I'm hooked now!!! I had the Souvlaki combo and it was delicious!!!!!   The rice pilaf was fantastic, and the hummus and tsatiki was phenomenal!  My friend had the Veggie plate, and I think I might have to get that next time.   The Rice Pudding for dessert was EXCELLENT!!!!!!
2	I love the food here but service is clearly an issue.Went to eat here with my boyfriend and it's like they forgot about us.  There were only two tables in the restaurant, and people were coming in and placing orders to go.  About three of these to go orders that were made after us were given out before they decided to cook ours.We arrived with plenty of time to eat but because of this we got our food very close to closing time, and felt like we had to rush to eat.  Not cool.  The food was great, but the service ruined the experience for us.  We're not terribly picky people or anything either.
5	I've never had Greek food before this place and this place made me LOVE Greek food. Their gyros and beyond delicious, packed with meat and flavor. Let's not mention the Greek fries, my mouth is watering from just thinking about it and the lemon juice and feta cheese. The entire meal will fill you up for the day so the price is good for a meal this size. This place started my love for Greek food and I'm so glad I lost my Greek food virginity here. It's casual, the staff is very nice, and most importantly, the food is amazing!
5	I love this place! I have been going here since they opened and not only is the food excellent the family is always glad to see you. They started small, but have expanded there seating and staff to accommodate the rush.There are so many things on the menu that are excellent and I usually order a side of Spanakopita and Taramasalata (with extra pita) to start, as I like to take it home to snack on later. The portions are generous, and I am always torn between the Chicken Salad or the Super Chicken Gyro, both are fantastic. Allow yourself a little extra time during the lunch hour or call ahead as they have a big rush of people and the parking is terrible. There are very few spots and it is difficult to maneuver through the narrow parking lot when its full.
4	It's a nice clean casual dining experience with very good food and friendly service.  The yummy delights are much tastier than Gyro Time or Market Grille Cafe.  The portion sizes are huge.  I haven't found a meal here that allows room for dessert yet (especially since it's so hard to resist a side of their luscious Greek fries!)...must keep trying.
4	This is by far one of the best places for Greek food in Las Vegas. My family is from Europe, And we need a lot of Mediterranean food. None of the other Greek places in Vegas come near Yassou. The food is always fresh and delicious. Nothing compares...
4	Great food at great price, service though is a bit lacking. The Mini Souvlaki plate was really good chicken and beef were tender  and savory. The Salads are pretty good as well. A good healthy alternative although i would recommend getting the order as a take out instead of dine in. The front of the house is understaffed food on the other hand was excellent.
5	YUMM YUMM YUMM!!!! Found this place on accident and couldn't be happier that I did. The lunch special is the best and can't beat the price! I love this place! Parking can be tough if it's during the lunch rush hour.
5	One of my fav spots for Greek food! Everything here is good! I usually order either the Yassou pita, the spanokopita, chicken/steak souvlaki or any of the plates! I'm happy each time. The yogurt tzatziki sauce is delish! The hummus is great as well. Never disappointed !
5	This is by far the best greek restaurant in town. I'm a vegetarian so I always get the spanakopita and greek salad.
2	Had super high expectations based on the reviews, but food was bland, service was terrible, and we took our food to go and they forgot the grape leaves-the whole reason I got the veggie spreads plate!  Not cool!  Won't return.
5	We found his place on Yelp, and will never order a Gyro from another place in Vegas as long as we live here! The first time we came here, the owner was super friendly- even gave us a couple pieces of meat to sample. We ended up each getting a platter combo each (I got chicken, he got steak) but it ended up being too much food for us. All the meats they serve here are amazing, and but what really blew the meal out of the water was the rice pilaf!! Since our first visit, my boyfriend and I have since come up with our regular order; we each get a Yassou Gyro, an order of rice to share, a couple sodas, and extra tzatziki sauce. The only thing that would make this place better is if they put more tzatziki sauce in the rear of the Gyros, usually it's all up front so when you start unwrapping the tail end, it gets dry. :(
3	We tried Yassou today, as we've been looking for good gyros since leaving Ohio where a strong Greek community resides. We each ordered the My Big Fat Gyro, and one of us had the salad + rice pilaf for an extra $2.49 while the other got the fries.The gyros were not bad. They are a mix of beef and lamb and definitely worthy of the Fat name. We did not find them to be better than the gyros we've had in Ohio, but they were still good. I think much of the flavor came from salt, to be honest.I was surprised by the rice pilaf, which gets high reviews. All I got was rice cooked in chicken broth- basically, yellow-hued rice with nothing more in it. That's not pilaf.  The Greek salad came with no vinaigrette- no salad dressing whatsoever. It was Greek by virtue of the feta and single olive that came with it, I guess.  The American fries were fine- just normal.
3	I've been here a couple times, the service was great and so was the food! Definitely worth all the 5 stars on the Yelp reviews. Especially those cashier guys. Shout out to them! However, this time I brought my mom and sister to try. We ordered 2 entrees and greek fries. When we got our food, my sister went to go ask for one extra plate from the man, which I believe is the owner or management. He wanted to charge $1 for one extra plate...I've never been charged for an extra plate before anywhere. Quoting what he said, "It's a dollar if you share like that." Share like what? We have 3 people and 3 things, sorry we wanted share...we just wanted one plate, we didn't ask for 10. I don't know but that made me really mad. I also don't want to pay an extra dollar for a plate I'm going to throw away in 20 mins. By the way I'm one of those broke college students, when every dollar counts. I can buy a super large drink at mcdonalds for that dollar. I'll be getting to-go or bringing my own plates from now on, but I don't think we will be going back for awhile. Call me a cheapo.
5	I have been coming here for several years and have always had a good experience. This is a family owned business and they all work very hard to make it a great place.
4	Best gyro in Las Vegas.  The meat has so much flavor and is so soft and crispy.  The pita was also soft and the tzatziki is very good. Fresh vegetables on it also.  Very very good. My wife also ordered a salad, which she liked.  I ordered spanakopita.  I wish the phyllo was a little more brown. It was very pale and didn't have that great of a crunch.  The spinach and feta mixture inside was good.  Not great, but good. I will be back when I get a craving for a gyro.
5	Pretty good prices on all of the traditional Greek stuff! And I've always had great experiences with people working there. And it's a great deal for the quality and portions!
1	The meat on both of our plates were raw. Bright red in the middle. Customer service was rushed and wanted us out because they wanted to close. Not a good experience and we will not be going back.
3	Satisfied desire for Greek but not the best.... I love Greek food and have had many places. The spanikopita was not balanced... Way more dough than spinach and cheese. The salad was also not proportioned and I don't remember Greek salad with well done croutons. The hummus was good but pitas were Not made there as seen in the bags sitting on the counter. They also were disorganized for a busy time of day with people snapping rude comments running around. One girl was nice and tried to be helpful but the guy then overpowered and was short with her even right in front of us.Now I love spanikopita so I guess my search continues.....
5	:):):) hi I was also there on it happened, I'm a regular here for the past 5 years, I love the food and the staff , it feels like family ... About the overpowering thing the lady exaggerated , it was just a discussion between employes, I know all of them and they are very friendly with customers and between them.               The food is the best in town and overall this is the best restaurant!!!!!!!
5	Yassou is not only the best Greek food but the best food PERIOD. I've come to this restaurant A LOT of times and they have been nothing but courteous, fast and efficient. To top it off the food is always the best, every time I go its like the first time going all over again. Love Yassou, I will be back again and again
3	Good portions, good price, for good food.I go to lunch here a few times a year as it is closer to the office than Paymon's.  If I am looking for speedy greek food, this is the place to go.Stick with Gyros salad or Gyros and fries and you cannot go wrong.
4	I am a Food Network restaurant chaser.  Mainly Diner, Drive ins and Dives.  Not sure why this restaurant hasn't been profiled yet.  Great food, great prices.  Wonderful family owned business that takes pride in food quality and presentation.   I wish all restaurants had the same standard.  Worth the drive if you are from out of town and coming from the strip.
5	OMG! Being a Greek has its privileges. Understanding Yassous to be like Gramma's homemade Greek food is one of them. The Dolmades (warm with meat) are to die for. The only bad thing about Yassous, is trying to decide what I want each time. The Spanakopita, Moussaka, Pastitsio, or the Big Fat....awesome stuff!!
3	Decent. Open daily. Very nice workers. Seems to be maybe family owned? Came mid-day (around 4pm) - they had a lot of chairs flipped on tables to clean (between lunch and dinner time i guess where its not so busy.. still weird) While i was eating, they were cleaning around the restaurant. Upon entrance to the restaurant, almost had the feeling they were closing soon ! i had to double check the hours on the front XD ! I had ordered a steak and gyro plate. The rice was not that good. Steak was over-cooked and dry. Gyro meat was good but didnt make up for the previous too because it didnt really have any accompanyment to eat together with. Another sad thing was the pita bread couldnt be opened to make pockets for me to stuff and eat like i can at other Mediterranean/greek places.
3	This place gets great reviews but I thought it was just alright. Maybe I'm missing something... The steak kabob was decent, but the chicken kabob was better. The portion size of the combo platter was pretty big -- large enough to get two meals out of it.The super lemon chicken pita was good. Full of chicken, lettuce, tomatoes and other tasty stuff. It's also messy. Grab several napkins especially if you plan to eat on the go.
4	Very good Greek fast food.  The gyros and chicken souvlaki (kabob) are a good tasty combo. The place could be a bit more inviting inside and the orders done a little faster but the food itself makes up for all that.  I go back when I get a chance and nearby!
4	Best little bit of money you will spend. Food is made to order and always tastes super fresh. I love the plate with chicken skewers, rice pilaf and salad, a perfect $10 meal. Check them out.
2	The Gyro's here are just ok,  Meat is not very spicy, too much lettuce in the Gyro.The lemon Chicken soup is not good.  It tasted like campbell's with lemon juice added.Very disappointing.Dear Yelpers,  I need help! Please let me know where the best Greek Restaurant is in Las Vegas!!!
4	All I have had here is the Greek Salad and the Greek Fries.  With that said, let me tell you how much I love both these items....together...one on top of the other!  It is a marriage made in heaven and before a big test I must have this for comfort!Will return after the stress of nursing school has left my life to try a Gyro that I have seen in many reviews :)
5	This place is right around the corner from our house! Lucky us! We eat here at least once a month. I've never had anything I didn't like. Usually get the gyro souvlaki and have plenty of leftovers. Love me some Yassou's!
5	Located off of west charleston just past buffalo. The food is great. Only been here twice and will definitely be back. You get lots of tasty food for your $$.I ordered the double chicken bob. Nice lemony tang and just the right amount of spice. Tender and juicy! Includes rice and Greek salad with pita bread. 5 stars! Check it out for lunch.
5	LOVE and obsess about this place! Completely on the other side of town for me but one of the best Greek spots in town, fore sure.The Big Fat Gyro, any meat, I tried the chicken and it was super flavorful and juicy. The Souvlaki Como, also an amazing pick, however, after a couple visits, I have decided the Gyro is my fave! Don't think you can go wrong with anything on their menu, especially if you're a fan of Greek food.
1	I would have to say this is one of the worst greek/lebanese places I've been. I know my mediterranean food. The gyro I ordered lacked so much flavor and the worst part there was a hair in it. Anything that has hair in it I'm not even hungry anymore. My gf ordered the salad and he is greek and said this salad is horrible and nothing close to greek salad. It literally had balsamic dressing on it! Really?? I was not a fan of this place and would never come back.
4	Excellent food. Layout and atmosphere are strange. Feels like they can't decide if they want to be a restaurant or a fast food joint. Not saying the food is that quality, just the look of the place makes it feel that way. Was not at all what I expected. Definitely more of a quick-casual place than a sit down lunch as I had expected.Back to the food though. Ordered the "My Big Fat Gyro" and it was delicious. I wanted to get another one. Had Flame broiled beef & lamb with feta cheese. Also comes with Tzaziki sauce but I'm not a fan of that so had them hold it. Didn't need it anyway. Kacey ordered the Souvlaki Combo with Chicken and Steak. The chicken was really good. Steak was just ok I thought. A little tough for my liking but that may be the way its supposed to be made in that dish.Thought about trying the baklava but it was just sitting out uncovered on top of a display cooler right next to a table where people were eating. I'll pass.Service was decent for a quick casual spot. I'll definitely be back. They should really do some updating and freshen the place up a bit though.
4	You definetly get your fill for the price. The flavors here are good but not great. Definetly worth it if you have a craving for Mediterranean and dont want to fix it at home. Not bad though. Will give it another shot when I get another craving. Lol
5	Love this place. Me and my boyfriend come here all the time from 25 mins across town. Good vegetarian options for me, and my boyfriend loves the souvlaki combo which I believe comes with one steak and one chicken skewer (with rice and other sides too). Big portions and friendly family-run staff.
5	This place is delicious! I go here whenever I visit my sister who lives in LV. I love the greek fries!! Actually, everything I had was great. They don't always have smoothies but with so many other great options, who cares!! Best Greek Food in LV!! Yassou even came out to say hello, he has awesome hair!
4	Overall good food and would return for another meal...Our experience began oddly... As we were ordering, we were told there was no mango for smoothie... Jokingly, I told the guy he was fired-- and he was ready to walk-- bad day apparently.After settling our order we sat and were served someone else's order... Which ended up a treat for all of us involved in the snafu (hope the kid who made the mistake isn't punished too harshly-- we left happy) we received the wraps given us in error, plus a complimentary potato caviar dip which I would never have ordered before this but now we will!! We enjoyed our dinner and have lunch for next day too!! And we'll be happy to eat it!!
5	My favorite place for Greek food, my faves are the deluxe Greek salad, the big fat gyro and you have to try the Greek fries delish! Friendly service and super good food.
5	This is probably the best quick Greek food in Las Vegas.  They also do the food at the annual Greek festival.  I love the gyro and rice.  The baklava is quite good as well.  The service is good and so are the prices.  :-)
5	Immaculately clean to go along with the outstanding food and fast service. Family owned and operated and it shows in how everyone shows ownership of the place.
3	The quality of the food and the yumminess were right on point. However, the service was super slow and the gyros were really lacking on the meat portions. Unfortunately they drop from 5 stars to 3 for me.
4	Went here for lunch and got a combo for $11. It comes with a gyro, fries and a smoothie.  For my combo I picked Greek fries and strawberry banana smoothie. I've had my fair share of gyros in this town.Gyro:Not as heaping with meat as my favorite gyro place in Henderson. The meat was more cooked and saltier than what I'm used to. I couldn't finish it. More tzatziki to mask the saltiness please. 3.5/5Greek Fries:I love fries. Crispy, crunchy and hot with a little bit of feta cheese and parsley. Not the best Greek fries I've had but still good. They only give you a handful so you might want to order another side of fries. 4/5Strawberry Banana Smoothie:This is absolutely great since I don't drink soda. They have strawberry, mango, banana, etc. I asked them to make strawberry banana smoothie for me if it wasn't too much of a hassle and they did. Yay!  5/5But for what you get with the combo, it's definitely good value. I'd much rather drive 3 more miles to get here than eat at G Time. Plus, the service was great.
4	Absolutely delicious and excellent service! The gyro meat was so moist and the hummus was great! Best bakalava around! I will def be coming back and recommend you try it. The people who were working were very welcoming.
5	Even though I have never traveled to Greece, I feel that every opportunity I have to indulge in Yassou I get a little taste.First and foremost the staff and atmosphere is great.  The cashier who is there almost everyday and is most likely a member of the family, is fluent in Greek.  One of my friends is studying the language and soon found himself being schooled by the cashier.The food is quite good and I have had many items on the menu.  I still prefer Market Grills Gyros because you have the option of hummus over the normal spread.  It is also slightly more expensive then market grill so be prepared for that.  But I think the experience here is more authentic.
5	Delicious, fresh and reasonably priced =)
4	I'm not fluent in Greek, but I'm pretty sure Yassou means "delicious food". Found this place on Yelp and bookmarked it, then heard from my BF that it was an old favorite place of his, so naturally we went by our first full day in town.The lunch specials are well-priced and delicious- for $10/each we got a gyro (the big fat for him, the lemon chicken special for me), with greek fries and a drink. Not bad at all, and portions are huge. Price for value is excellent.Both gyros were delish, but i'm more a fan of the traditional gyro meat rather than the chicken, though it was good to see a healthier option on the menu. Worth a try, at the very least.Greek fries are the bomb- regular fries with feta, and maybe some garlic?, and parsley. Delicious. And for a take out order, they are carefully wrapped so as not to displace any of the plentiful crumbly cheese. Smart thinking!Love how the owner himself is working alongside the employees to make and fill the orders- great sign and also underscores the quality and authenticity you can expect here.Going to be back soon for the Greek pizza, baklava, and spanokopita! Salads all looked super fresh and huge, too. May need to grab dinner here over the weekend...
5	The best greek food in Las Vegas!!! I just moved to Nashville and I'm slightly upset they dont have a Yassou's out there. Whenever I come back to town, you better believe I'm stopping by.
4	I've been coming here for years. It's the only Greek place in town that I have found is quick and easy and cheap. As for taste, no it's probably not the best I have ever had, but for me, I order the chicken souvlaki plate or greek salad with chicken and I am happy with it consistently. The pita on the salad is very buttery and I believe fried, so not exactly the healthiest, but good. The dressing is excellent and I always ask for it on the side since they tend to go heavy on the dressing. It somehow always seems to be mixed in every time, but when I ask them about it, they say it's the marinade from the chicken that gives it that taste or feel that the dressing was still mixed it, but they say it wasn't. The people working there know us by face now and it always seems to be the same people working, I know the owner is always there, but the other guy might be his son? He is always there too. The chicken and rice soup is really yummy but sometimes they don't have it, especially over the summer. My hubby orders the steak skewers or gyro and isn't as impressed with this place as I am. Friendly workers, quick food, and affordable is a plus in my book.
1	I would of gave it more stars the reason why is because they should of stayed open later than 8:00pm!! Why not 9pm or 10pm?? They are making money why not stay open much later!!
5	Hands down the greatest gyros I've ever had. I'm from NYC so I know what a quality gyro tastes like. That being said this is the only restaurant in Las Vegas that truly makes an amazing gyro with abundant amounts of quality meat full of amazing flavor and the price is just right!! Love this place!!
5	Really great food! I ate my hubby's left overs  & reheated it tasted just as good as fresh.
5	Seriously the best Greek food I've ever had. We even had them cater our wedding last year. I have yet to find anything on their menu I don't like. Friendly, delicious and a great place to relax. Perfect first date location.
4	Great place for lunch! I was introduced to  Yassou through friends and am so glad I was! Their chicken lunch special can't be beat. One chicken skewer (seasoned and cooked perfectly), rice, side salad (with the best Greek dressing ever) and pita bread w/ a side of tzatziki, all for less than $10. If you're feeling extra hungry, order the Greek fries - you won't be disappointed. Fries with feta, parsley, and I believe a squeeze of lemon (?). Yummy!Be prepared because they do get very busy during lunchtime, but it's worth it!They are family owned and nice people. They also own the dry cleaner in the same strip mall (super reasonable prices) so you can kill two birds with one stone!
4	Great food. Service VERY SLOW. Grumpy waitress.Gyros and Chicken Souvlaki phenomenal. Pita and hummus fresh, light, and tasty.
5	My favorite greek food restaurant in Las Vegas! They have the best gyro meet in town! Everything is fresh! They always include feta cheese too. It's locally owned and the people who work here are very nice! The only downside is it only works til 8pm.I wish they worked til at least 9 and may be til 10pm Fri and Sat night. But always stop by here for lunch any time I'm in this part of town!
5	Best Greek in town outside the Strip.  I always get the Gyro Plate here for lunch.  Just sucks they close Sunday's.
5	Always a perfect five star eating experience in this place. I'm in the restaurant business and I can appreciate when a place goes the extra mile to make it fresh with quality ingredients.
5	Whew just finished my meal I got the mini souvlaki special which is one bee and one chicken skewer both with about 3 pieces of meat on it, salad and rice and a pita. I opted for no rice and double saladIt was so good the meat was so flavorful and neither were over cooked, the salad was so. Great too! I looked at other people plates and everything looked amazing! Will def come back!!
4	Very good :) the steak and chicken are perfectly marinated.  Pita was the only disappointment, it just wasn't the best.  Otherwise, it was great
4	Food was so good!!!! The Greek salad was well dressed and the feta cheese was a good amount. Service took awhile. I do understand it's a Friday during lunch time. 30 minute wait for a salad. I definitely will come back to try their other good looking foods :)
5	This place is the real deal! I mean I am actually speechless, but I will find some words. lolFirst, the Chicken: the chicken is so good, it's the best Greek chicken I've ever tasted. I mean it's moist, tender, pieces of chicken goodness! Second, the Steak: where do I start, it's the best piece of steak I've ever eaten, and I am a professional eater/cooker. O.K. not professional as in I eat and win food challenges, but I've eaten enough food around these United States to know good food when I eat it. Third: Lamb, tender, tender, tender and more tender. Fourth: I just want more. I will be back!!! This food is so good you must try it or you're missing out! Oh, and don't forget tzatziki, I could really eat it by the spoonful! Yes, it's that good!
5	Favorite Greek spot!Their pita bread are delicious !Souvlaki combo is my favorite!
4	Hard to beat the food at this place.  The prices are great and the portions huge.  The environment is homey and inviting.  A great spot for lunch.  Try the chicken lemon soup, I hear it's great!
5	Light refreshing and flavorful! Who said healthy eating should be flavorless? They really have a way with adding flavor with natural ingredients such as yogurt, parsley, lemon, etc. I'm thrilled this place is down the street from us, they are really tasty! I ordered the super lemon herb chicken pita. It was a nice big freshly homemade pita stuffed silly with grilled lemon herb chicken and lettuce, also dolloped with a good amount of their creamy yogurt sauce. Squirt some lemon on that baby and eat to your heart's content. It is really refreshing and flavorful! I was completely satisfied and I also didn't feel guilty or overstuffed. Just perfect! My boyfriend ordered the steak souvlaki combo which comes with a side of greek salad and also rice pilaf. We really enjoyed this dish! The steak was cooked perfectly tender and the seasoning was just right to where you can still really enjoy the flavor of the meat. The rice pilaf was super flavorful and addicting. Also the salad had a super light dressing that didn't overpower the flavor of the meal at all. Everything went together very well. The greek fries were not my favorite. I'm sure it's because we ordered them to-go and by the time we got home they were soggy. But they were also lacking feta, parsley and seasoning. Other than that, the super lemon chicken herb pita is a winner! I can't wait to try their other pitas.
2	I love the food... too many house flies for me to deal with!!  On six or seven visits the flies are terrible... with the open lamb meet it makes me sick to think about it.  If they do something about it then I will be back for sure!!!
4	This is one of my go to places for gyros. Growing up in Chicago I know what good Greek food is and sadly, Vegas is really lacking in the Greek category. Yassou's does satisfy my gyro craving though every time. The meat is always fresh and the sauce is the perfect consistency. The prices are fair as well. For the quality, definitely worth the price. I just wish it was located closer to me.
5	Went back on Sunday, the food was still delicious! You really get your monies worth of food here. I can't wait to go back. Actually I've been back about 5 times since my first review. The food is so good!
5	Great place to meet after the sports park. Went with family and friends had gyros, chicken cababs, salad and hummus.pizza was a little dark but only on the edges. Hummus appetizer was nice fresh and served w toasted pita. Fast and made to order. Second time ead better than the first time we went.
5	I have been coming here for five years now and every meal is great. I highly recommend this restaurant. They are fast, friendly and the food is always fresh!
1	What a waste of 40 minutes. . My husband asked where our order was and they said it was coming out next. 15 minutes later, still no food. Gave our order to some other table.Asked for our money back then left. Can't say if the food was good since we never got to try any. Will NOT be going back - even for take out. This is my first negative comment about a restaurant on yelp. I always like to write about great service and food only but I'm fairly pissed that no one there really cared. Need more employees to handle the crowds.
5	Best Greek Food in Las Vegas!!! Seriously the best ever! Whenever I get the cravings for Greek food or if anyone I'm with asks where to find good Greek food I always bring them here. So if you've never been to Yassou and want recommendations on what to get I'll give you a few of my personal favorites. As far as sides go, I always get either the Greek fries which are perfectly seasoned with big chunks of feta though out or my favorite the spanakopita which is perfectly flaky with the spinach always hot and the feta blended into it and melted all the way through. If you want to stay traditional then they have great hummus and soft pita as well. On to the main course, I always get the super lemon herb steak pita which is amazingly tantalizing. The pita is always fresh and warm with tender with juicy bits of perfectly marinated steak and chunks of ripe tomatoes and slices of onions and lettuce and feta. It comes with a slice of lemon. Sooooo good! Also the Chicken Souvlaki is pretty good too. But the pitas are always bomb! For dessert I always get the baklava. Theirs is the best! Fresh honey dripping off every bite. Like I said if you want the best Greek food than try Yassou. I think it's as good as it is because it's family owned and you can tell they really care about giving their customers the best food and service they can.
5	The vegetarian menu is awesome abs the Greek fries are da bomb!!!!
2	Not really that great of a place. The gyro meat isn't that great here. 60%-70% of the time it's dry or old.  The salad is put in with the rest of the food on takeout causing it to get warm and humid. Souvlaki is alright.
5	Nice location and atmosphere.  The chicken kabob that I had was awesome - tender and tasty.  Good prices.  Too bad I haven't found a Greek restaurant this good near me.
4	Tried it for the first time and was quite pleased with the service and food quality. We tried the Greek salad, humus, and two gyro specials. All the dishes were tasty, showed some pride in presentation, and exhibited a nice mild blend of Greek flavors. The food tastes clean and fresh.  The meat was evenly cooked and lightly seasoned.  Overall this is great place for a healthy, filling lunch.
5	Pita and humus was really good!  I had the Athenian plate.  Lots of food. I was looking for a different Greek restaurant and was not disappointed.
5	Two of our Greek friends recommended Yassou, and we went here for the first time together today for lunch. We split the hummus, Eric got the Greek salad with lemon herb chicken, and Amanda got the Greek pasta with chicken. The hummus was fresh and the pita bread was warm and soft. The Greek salad was tasty and the chicken was awesome. The spaghetti was thick-cut with brown butter and just the right amount of fresh cheese. Overall, the best part of both meals was the chicken - it was seriously so tender and good! We will definitely be back.
1	I went here tonight for the first time.. My order was completely screwed up and didn't even get a receipt. I even ordered cucumbers with my hummus and the guy at the counter said sure no problem but I never heard him mention it to the chef.. It appears I got the totally wrong order even though I stood there with a number which he called out!! I would never go back to this place.. Paymons and even the Mad Greek blow this place out of the water for both flavor and service. The fries which weren't even what I ordered Tasted horrible too !!!
3	Good food, close to my house. The food has never been bad, and most plates they serve are more than I can eat. Unfortunately, the parking sucks, and getting to the location is very inconvenient. So while they are the place I think of when I desire Greek food, I don't mind finding an excuse to try somewhere else.
5	Three words....Chicken Lunch Special =) Yum! My daughter & I have been here several times, and even though we say we're going to try something new, we always end up ordering the chicken lunch special.  It just taste so good! =) Food is fresh and the staff is friendly.
5	This place is great!  Great food and a great value!  The gyro and chicken plate are out of this world!
5	Absolutely delicious!! I have worked in the same plaza as Yassou for a good 2 years and STILL manage to crave Peters cooking daily. It doesn't matter what I'm ordering it is never anything short of amazing. Everyone who works here always makes sure I am well fed and taken care of. Highly recommend for anyone wanting a delicious lunch or dinner!
4	The food is awesome! Like, really delicious! I've done both take-out and eat-in here, with good experiences both times. The dining area has great natural light, and a good atmosphere, though the greek carnival-sounding music was a little louder than necessary when I was there. I docked a star because there were ants crawling around in the bathroom and in the secondary dining area. Perhaps that was a temporary issue, but it raises concerns about cleanliness.
4	Tasty Greek food. Not the best but I could def eat 2+ days in a row!
2	we discovered this place about a year ago and have always enjoyed the food but today's experience was horrible.  We have put up with the high prices (2 plates & 1 drink always seem to come out to $20+) & super long wait time, (for a FAST food place) but today was the worst.  In order to avoid waiting the usual 15+ minutes I called ahead.  When my husband paid, the cashier got the order wrong that had been given over the phone.  My husband had to correct her a few times in the same transaction.  We thought it was strange we were not given a receipt or a table number.  Over the phone they had told us it would be ready in 10 min but it took 19.  We were once again waiting.  Also, over the phone I had said I was calling in advance to eat there, yet they set up our food in to go boxes - but didn't give us a bag...I don't understand the logic there.  When we got the food both to go boxes had smeared food marks on them - looked very unsanitary & unprofessional, and the order was wrong STILL.  We had been charged $2 for the extra rice my hubby ordered, but it appeared that they simply substituted his salad for a small amount of rice because the salad was missing altogether!  To make it right, they quickly (for once) made a salad to go, but even THAT box had smears of food or whatever on it.  GROSS!  The one good thing about this place is that the food always tastes great, but after this experience we may be looking for a new local Greek place.
5	Simply the best fast Greek food, and some of the best food overall, that I've had in my 49 years in Las Vegas.  'Nuff said.
3	I tried this place for the first time yesterday. I ordered the Souvlaki Combo (beef and chicken skewers with greek salad, rice pilaf and pita bread). The beef and chicken skewers were seasoned well. The beef could have been more tender. The pita bread was my favorite. Very fresh and soft. The thing that ruined it for me was the rice pilaf. This is the first time I have ever been served yellow rice with a greek dish. I would eat here again, but would pass on the rice. Maybe try a gyro instead.
5	My wife and I ate dinner there last night.  We each ordered the big gyro with Greek fries.  The food was really good and the portions were generous.  The staff was very attentive and the restaurant was remarkably clean.  We'll be back.
5	luv walking in this place. i always feel welcomed. i have gone to them since they opened. christian always makes you feel like family and we luv that pops is always on the line cooking. customer service is always at its best and it doesnt matter what you order because its gonna taste like it was made with luv and you're gonna fall in luv.
3	Decent food, decent-sized portions, reasonable price.  Tried the Super Gyro, it's good, and the Chicken Souvlaki Plate is tasty with good sized portions.
5	Came in here today for the first time and WOW!! I don't know too much about Greek food and the boy Jackson and the counter was extremely helpful and guided me through the menu and gave me his personal recommendations of what to try. When my food came out I was very impressed with how great everything tasted. I will definitely be coming back for more!
5	Excellent food and good service gives this little gem a 5-Star rating. Being a picky eater it is always a plus for me when the restaurant can tell me what is going to be on my order and hold certain items from it. I know it sounds very basic but you would be surprised at how many places can't do that. While we tried several of their dishes I have to admit my favorite was their house Gyro. If your in the area and looking for something a bit different you won't be disappointed here.
3	The food was okay. I ordered one of the vegetarian plates, and I wouldn't order it again. I would rather eat at Sababa or Market grill. The flavors are far superior. However, this place does have excellent service.
4	Got the spanakopita and a basic gyro. Both were really good but not the best I've had. The staff was nice and then place was very clean. Despite not being the best, the spanakopita was pretty damn good. I once had the ultimate spanakopita at a fair and have been on a hunt to find one that compares ever since. I've run into some really narly ones while on this quest. Let me tell you, Yassou's spanakopita is not one of those. Probably the best I've had aside from them legendary one. My only complaint is the sauce and neat were kind of pushed towards one side of these gyro.
4	The Big Fat Gyro is ridiculously big and fat....their Greek salads are fresh and delicious...add steak, chicken, or gyro meat for a reasonable price...hummus is smooth and silky...my only complaint is that street access to the place totally sucks and the parking is very limited. Otherwise, great!
5	This place is clean and bright, nicely decorated and seemingly well managed. I went here for lunch with a bunch of other ladies for a meetup group last Sunday. Whoever got there first was to find seating for all of us to sit together. There were 14 of us. My friend and I were the first to arrive, so took a look around and saw that there are three options for seating. Most people sit inside which is the same place as where you order (at the counter). But they also have an outdoor patio and a separate dining room enclosed in glass which was not open. So I asked if we could all sit in that room and they said sure and opened it up for us.We were able to get about 4 tables put together where we all sat in a row on each side of the tables and on the ends. They brought everyone's order out to us in a reasonably consistent time. We didn't wait too long for the food either. No one had any problems with their order as far as I could tell and we had a great time with great food. Lots of the ladies were saying the food was very good.Personally, I ordered the Super Lemon Chicken Pita. It is the larger of the two Lemon Chicken Pitas but not much more money that the smaller one. It was delicious. I forgot to tell them no onions, so I picked off the slices of red onion. I was glad they were not chopped fine!When we left, they were loading up a van for a big delivery of food. I was impressed that they handled all of us unexpectedly at the same time they were preparing a catering job. And just as they did with us, they brought the food out to the van quickly with several people carrying things out. I would not hesitate to return here or recommend it to anyone. Great place and I will be returning!
4	I don't often eat Greek food even though I really do like it.  Glad the stepdaughter introduced us to Yassou!Good Greek food right off of Charleston near Summerlin.  Lots of folks visit, can tell you're in the affluent part of town because of all the cars parked outside!  Our lowly Acura was parked between a new BMW and a Mercedes coupe.  Dang did that make me feel poor.  Oh well, suck it rich people I can eat at Yassou too!Upon entering the restaurant, it definitely reminds you of the diner from that movie "My Fat Greek Wedding".  White & blue dually represented!  Nice little family run place.  Wasn't particularly busy in the place that day, noticed that lots of folks were doing take-out, or picking up large catering trays for glitzy parties.  Menu is displayed prominently on huge boards right above the service counter.  Kinda hard to miss!  Menu was varied, went from traditional Greek fare to items of a more modern palette.  We of course, stuck with what the Greeks know.  And what they know is pretty darn tasty.Throw the spanakopita, dolmades, and hummus aside...show me the meat!  Although I'm sure those items on the menu are probably pretty good, I was here for some carnivorous action.The wifey and I went for the Souvlaki Combo - one beef and one chicken skewer marinated in the house lemon herbs & spices.  Our plates came with a Greek salad, rice pilaf, pita bread, and tzatziki sauce.  Overall the plate was good.  The skewers were a nice serving, and you could definitely taste the lemon and herbs throughout.  My beef skewer was juicy, but the chicken skewer was a little dry probably because it was breast meat (which tends to dry out).  The Greek salad was good with feta, tomato, cucumber, olives, and lots of red onion (which the wifey didn't really like), topped with their house vinaigrette.  Tasty.  Pita bread and the tzatziki sauce was good too, pita being warm and soft, with the tzatziki being a good complement for dipping things in to.  I wasn't a fan of the rice pilaf though, it didn't do much for me.  It's probably because I'm more of a sticky rice kinda guy.  Overall a decent plate.What I really should have ordered was what our kids ordered.  I almost wanted to switch halfway though our meal!  They got the popular My Big Fat Gyro - gyro sandwich with flame broiled sliced beef & lamb, feta cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce.  Along with a large order of Greek fries - fries with herbs & spices, and feta cheese.  This stuff was delish!  The thin sliced beef with the lamb, all combined into that gyro made a wonderful dish.  Was hard to put down after a few bites!  I will definitely have this instead the next time I visit Yassou.  Prices were kinda on the high side for me (I'm a cheapie eater) but I guess if you want quality food you gotta pay for it.  Our plates were about $9 each, and the gyros were a tad over $7.  Fries were separate, and cost us another $3 or so.  Servings were generous though.  On the plus side, they serve Coca-Cola!  Figure it would have been Pepsi since of the blue motif and all.The restaurant has two different seating sections, one is in the restaurant, but there is another area on the outside in more of a patio setting.  Nice if the weather is good outside, or if you have a large party of folks with you.I'll be back.  OPA!
5	If you like real authentic Greek food, this is the place. My recommendation would be the chicken and gyro soulvaki. My all time favorite here. They also make the baklava fresh and in house. I cant wait to come back here. Christian and his father are dedicated to this family business and serving the community they live in. Keep up the great work guys.
5	My wife and I were told about Yassou by a friend of hers, and they were right on the money. There is something about walking into this place and you know that it is going to have amazing food. It's set up like a mom and pop deli/restaurant outside the city limit establishment. No fancy entrance but not run down. Lot's of Greek flavor inside.We ordered the gyro's (of course) and Greek fries. Simply amazing. The food took about 7 minutes or so to arrive at the table. Good size portions, I got the Big Fat Gyro, and I'm just happy to have finished it! The staff their is great! Very friendly and helpful. They could tell we were new there and were quick to point out some of the more popular items on the menu. Will be coming back for sure!
2	The service was so horrible. They really ruined my experience and would not want to visit again based on that. The star I guess would be for the cook with the curly gray hair. He seems nice and he was really working. A small piece of advice that I could leave would be for the employees to not go smoke on their break by the people dining outside. Also, there are no pictures up so if someone asks a question about the menu there is no need to be annoyed. One last thing, maybe you should bring everyone's food out at the same time. It's awkward for one person to be eating the the other person doesn't get their plate for another 15 minutes and they're left to eat alone.
5	I'm new to the area and asked a co worker were I could find a Greek restaurant. This place did not disappoint! I was skeptical about the wait time because I decided to go inside to place an order for take out. The wait time was short and the food was fresh and delicious.
5	Great find!!! :)yummy food! Yummy gyro! Yummy souvlaki!yummy yummy!!!And friendly service!!!We are coming back!!
3	Quality has degraded.  From souvlaki with juicy chunks of either beef or chicken interspersed with onions and green peppers, now there's grainy chunks of lower-quality beef and overcooked, dry chicken, one or two slivers of onion and no green pepper to speak of.  All we ever get is the souvlaki plate, but lately we're considering finding another place to order out.  Sad, because for years we got consistently delicious food.
5	I'm from Chicago and let me tell you that these Gyros sandwich are the best. The Greek Salad or of this world and those Greek fries and cheese.
4	I am a Greek/Mediterranean food fanatic.  After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to give Yassou a try. I was pleasantly greeted by the man running the register. He seemed friendly on a personal basis with several of the customers there which is a good sign (repeat customers).  I decided to get Yassou gyro combo with Greek fries. I was very impressed with the gyro. It was delicious.  The greek fries were good, but not impressive.  The spices advertised must have left out.  I got regular fries with feta cheese and a little greenery on top, but they are only fries. I'll take a good gyro over fries any day. I look forward to trying out more of their menu.
4	I was staying with friends in the area and wanted to try something different for dinner.  Thanks to Yelp with my search for a restaurant nearby, I found Yassou's.  My friend's meal was delicious as was my grilled chicken in a lemon marinate.  The grandson of the original owner came by our table to welcome us and to make sure we were happy with our food.  I wish I had a similar place like this back home.  The good news is that my friend, whom lives nearby, can't wait to bring her husband here, knowing he will love it.  And when I come back to visit, I will definitely be back to try another dish!
4	I ordered  Souvlaki Combo and it was great!
2	The food could have been served hotter, the gyro meat could have been moister and more flavorful, the staff could have been a lot more knowledgeable and friendly, and the soda machine could use more carbonation. Too many other Greek food options in town for me to ever consider returning.
5	My husband and I both ordered the combo plates with a chicken skewer and a beef skewer. It seemed like they were filling a catering order, so we had to wait a little while. But, the food was worth the wait. I liked how the plate had both rice and flatbread so we could try both. The meat also had good flavor and was juicy.The man with the Bob Ross hair (the owner?) also came by, gave us a wink, and handed us a free order if feta fries :) They were so good.Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be going back here.
5	Was visiting a friend and saw this Greek place and WOW what a great find in LV! had the skewers, the hummus, the pilaf, the salad. SO GOOD! The staff was friendly and came over to deliver our meal. Great food. Other Greek people were eating there so it must be good! GO THERE! so yummy and the staff is engaging!  I can't say much else but I wish they were here!
2	I guess this would be an okay place to eat if you're leaving the Social Security office down the block and are literally about to die of old age and want to have one last gyros sandwich before you go. But otherwise, meh.We had lunch here and it was unremarkable. A Greek salad and gyros sandwich were both without any standout features. French fries were obviously from a bag, frozen. Not worth the calories. The sandwich had too much lettuce and not enough onion on the gyros sandwich, so it was bland, and tomato diced, and on top, which made the sandwich unnecessarily messy.The service was friendly and the dining room was bright, spacious and sunny - and the presence of a coffee bar is definitely a plus - but I won't be back.
5	Recently, dined in and the food was fantastic .. Best Greek food in town. Their rice is always perfection.
5	I've tried my big fat gyro, the steak pita, and the gyro and steak souvlaki combo plate. Everything I've tried here have been insanely good. I didn't think I could finish the gyro and the pita but found myself devouring it. The gyro and steak souklaki combo plate is a huge serving. The steak was cooked perfectly. It went well with the rice pilaf and salad. The tzatziki sauce is addicting! I almost came back the next day to order it again. Customer service is friendly and excellent. An excellent choice to satisfy your Greek food craving!
4	The first thing you notice when you walk in is how clean everything is, as well as how good the food smells. We ordered gyros and the Greek fries. The food was great, everything tasted like it was made with fresh, quality ingredients. Service was above and beyond as well. So good. We will be back!
5	The gyro platter was amazing, and the portion was pretty large. I would make sure to visit if you like Greek. I'll be back
4	This is our second time here and the food was great. The dining room could definitely use some love. It's a little cramped and getting to the outside tables is slightly confusing. The service was very friendly and I'm thinking this may be our go-to Greek place If you're on the fence I say its worth a shot. Stop in and see what you think. So far I haven't strayed far from the gyros but I plan on further exploring the menu (hopefully not at the detriment to my waist size ;) )
1	This place used to be one of the top Greek restaurants on my list. Went there today with a coupon from the Entertainment book and discovered that they will no longer take the electronic version of the coupon, which I have used here before. Based on principle, I'm giving them a 1 star review. Don't offer an electronic coupon if you're not going to take it. Furthermore, at least post a sign that you're no longer accepting the coupon.
4	Came in today and got Awesome food ! Really love the way they cook everything and the Greek fries are the best ! They can get understaffed sometimes, but overall the food makes up for everything. If it wasn't for my 30 minute break I could easily stay here and enjoy my food and willing to wait for my food! Great place!
1	If you say you're open till 8 pm on a Saturday then you should remain open. Don't close at 7 pm.
