5	The Valley's newest Jason's deli is nice.  Great location.Stopped in today and had a killer Reuben!Love this spot!  Glad the SW side has one now!
2	My family are all Jason Deli lovers. We were so excited to see this in our neighborhood. However, I won't be going there again for at least 3 mos. You would think that with all the other locations they would bring in a staff that knows what they are doing. Or have a soft opening?? The girl behind the counter was lost and had to ask someone else how to do everything, we ordered and paid. (finally) Our ticket said 2:56 PM as the time of payment. We were in a hurry and at 3:17 I went to the counter to find out if we could speed things up. Of course no one would acknowledge me. My son had to get to work and we were getting frustrated. He got a manager and in about 5 more minutes we got our food. I had caesar salad the dressing was the best I've ever had. My son had a corned beef sandwich. It was kind of dry. He picked all the meat off and ate bread and chips. I am sure in a couple of months it will be good like the others. But why start so bad? Oh and the manager was snapping his fingers at the bus guy. That was horribly offensive. Although the busser ignored him and we did get a chuckle from that.
4	It's Open!!!So I've been a frequent visitor of Jason's Deli over the years. I love the salad bar, the soups, the loaded potatoes and the chicken salad! This location is very clean, has plenty of seating and is environmentally pleasing to the eye.Hubby and I went for a late lunch (3p) and there was a small line. I loved that at this location there is a self-serve kiosk if all you want is the salad bar which we decided to use. The staff was very friendly and consistently asked how we were doing. The salad bar here is just like at other locations. Of course, don't forget the free self serve ice cream but make sure you watch your kids! I witnessed a woman who was still ordering did not notice her kids sneaking over to the ice cream machine. Hahaha!
3	2 stars for customer service, but the food was good so bumping them up to 3 stars... I had been waiting for this location to open for a while, as I work fairly close to it and we are always on the lookout for new places to get lunch. I needed to run an errand on my lunch break recently, so I called in an order to go for myself and a coworker. My first impression upon arriving was that the management didn't care enough about the customers waiting to order or pay. I called in my order to try to save myself some time... When it was my turn to pay, the cashier was being spoken to by both district manager and the store manager (I could tell their position by their name badges) which is fine, the place had just recently opened and it's likely there was still training occurring.What was not fine in my opinion was that after another employee asked me if I had been helped, he tried to get the cashier to ring me up. BOTH of the managers looked over to the register, saw me waiting as well as multiple others behind me, and decided to continue their conversation with the cashier. When they finished talking, all three walked over to the register and made eye contact with me, but only the cashier apologized for the wait. Thankfully my food was ready by the time I was rang up so I didn't have to wait any longer. The food itself was good, I had the Club Royale which had a lot of meat which is nice, some places skimp.  would have preferred a fruit cup rather then cups for a side but the additional cost for the healthier option was a little ridiculous. I don't see myself going back for another try for a while, hopefully another month or two the staff of Jason's Deli will get their system figured out and hopefully management will realize the importance of respecting their customer's time.
4	The employees are always helpful and most of the food I have tried has been pretty good.  The Spud Au Broc is so delicious.  The potatoes are huge and are definitely a good size to share.  I am also always a fan of great salad bar and for the price, it's pretty good.  Throw in ice cream cones at the end and I am a fan.
3	GF and I tried today at lunch. As expected a nice, clean store. GF went with the salad bar (i think it was $7.50 ) , I went with the New York Yankee - Hot Corned Beef and Pastrami, Swiss, your choice of mustard or mayo ( mayo with CB and Pastrami ... really ? ) on Rye ( $8 ) I was a little ticked - I initially wanted a deli Club but i was told they ran out of bacon - on a Saturday during lunch hour ?!?! So i asked the cashier, if i get it do you give me a reduced rate since there's no bacon , big surprise, the answer, " No ! " I then start to pay the tab ( $21 - included 2 drinks ) with a $100. the cashier says, " I don't have change for that . " Holy Shit Batman, here's an idea , go get some frickin' change Elroy ! So i paid with a debit card. The food - the sammie - nice portion of meat, decent flavor but dang, they must store the meat in a vat of juice because the one side of the sammie was soaked - overall, it was good but drain the meat a little or maybe put it on a grill for a few minutes. I went with the hot mustard but they didn't come close to put enough on to add to the flavor. The salad bar is good - nice selection of items, includes some love muffins, a few dessert items and some soft serve ice cream Of course as we left, ? Goofball cashier yells out, please come back sir i'm sure we'll have bacon for you....smart ass !
1	Disappointing.... been waiting for this place to open since I first saw the sign in the window and I've heard good reviews from friends who have gone to other Jason's Deli's. So today my sister and I decided to try it out.First impression is this place is nice and clean with a decent size menu. We both decide to go with the manager's special which is half a sandwich with either a cup of soup OR a cup of fruit with chips and a pickle. I emphasize the "OR" because when we get to ordering and my sister tells the girl behind the counter that she would like fruit she tells us that its $2 extra. We point out that the "special" is either or and she continues to argue that we would still have to be charged extra...OK...fine...whatever, can we just get the rest of our order in???? Then she asked what kind of soup she would like and again we try to tell her that she doesn't want soup, she wants the fruit instead. Again, the girl tells us that no matter what it comes with soup and the fruit is still extra. On to my order, again I order the "special" with a Ruben and not wanting to stand there for another 5 minutes arguing I just order a cup of soup. She then asked me if I wanted rye bread, sour kraut and Russian dressing, at this point I'm thinking "isn't that what makes a Ruben??" Instead I smile and just say yes. She then informs me that it would be extra....WHAT?!? She asked if I wanted the chips and pickle to which I said yes. OK that's two strikes which I chalk up to it being newly opened and working out the kinks.So we grab our drinks and wait for our food to arrive at the table. The food comes and I notice that neither of us got chips and/or a pickle. I looked at the ticket just in case I was wrong but no, it's there. I showed an assistant manager who happened to be close by and his response was " did they not bring your chips out? Hold on I'll go grab some for you." He never came back....strike three. Not coming back EVER!
5	We went to Jason"s Deli because we heard that the sanwiches were very good.  They were hugh, and everyone enjoyed theirs.  If you are on your lunch hour, you may want to order ahead because they were very busy around noon.
2	Jason's Deli used to be one of my favorite lunch spots. I was excited that this one opened up closer to home. We decided to come here on a Sunday afternoon for some lunch. I ordered my favorite, the turkey wrap with NO sprouts. The hubby ordered the pastrami sandwich. (Note: When you are paying, there is hardly any room to sign your credit card receipt...you would think they would have thought it out better, but whatever, I was there for the food.)We sat down and I started drinking my $2.70 tea, not worth buying it there, but I really wanted it! Our food came and my wrap had sprouts........really? I was a bit cranky after that and the wrap was so measly (the sprout to turkey ratio was like 2:1) that it could barely make a 2 year old full. I think a manager came by and asked if they could remake it for me, but I was already 1/3 of the way done with all the sprouts taken out. The hubby enjoyed his sandwich which could definitely fill someone up. Overall, I was really disappointed in the lack of food for the cost. I probably won't be back for awhile as I don't see it as a good investment for my stomach.
1	After waiting 2 1/2 hrs for a delivery I called to find out the status of my delivery. I was told they ran out of beefeater rolls that is why I had not recieved my order??? Why wasnt  I contacted I asked I was told because she was too busy. Pretty sad all of the other locations are fantastic!!! Maybe its poor management.
5	I love Jason's and was on the way home and hungry so I figured I would stop in at this new location and pick up my favorite taco salad!  I was welcomed right when I walked in and proceeded to order.  The cashier was very nice and very upbeat.  I was taking my order to-go but the place was very clean and warm.  I think I only had to wait 5 minutes before it was brought out to me.  The girl who brought it out was also very nice and upbeat.Once I got home and ate the taco salad, it was everything I wanted and more!  I really can't say anything bad about it.  I see from other reviews that the customer service hasn't been great but I did not have a problem with it and again my food was made right.  Definitely will be back and recommend others do the same.Oh yah, the cashier told me I have a beautiful signature, ha-ha!
3	I was so excited to learn that this place was opening close to my house. There is a location near my work that I just love....Having said that .... I was disappointed upon eating at this location. It is brand new so of course everything is going to be neat and clean .... bonus! All the staff is super friendly and attentive....But the food .... bummer!  I had my favorite turkey wrap and it was very bland and the tortilla was hard, the fruit cup was moldy and not so tasty.They have a lot of different food options so I plan on going back .... hopefully I won't be disappointed this next time because I would hate to have to take this place off of my food rotation.
2	May be better to wait until they are open longer. For an established restaurant chain this place is chaos.
4	I'm a fan. Up until last week I always thought this chain was like a Subway or Jersey Mike's clone. Turns out they've got a more extensive menu of hot and cold sandwiches, pasta, soups, salads, and a salad bar. The sandwich I tried -- the Poppa Joe -- was pretty good.Turkey, asiago, tomatoes, and a basil pesto on focaccia. Portion sizes aren't as crazy as Capriotti's or other places like that. They're more like healthy, normal sized meals. Soft serve ice cream is also complimentary.
2	Why oh why does this location stink? I love Jasons Deli in Boca Park. That has been our meet for lunch spot for years. Tomato soup and salad bar for all of us. This location is just confused and the food is not the same. My son has ordered the same sandwich 3 times here and it has been wrong all 3 times. It's too expensive to be so messed up. This is just a few blocks from home too.
3	I've finally made it to my friendly local Jason's Deli. I've been to others in the Las Vegas Valley, and I have to say in my opinion they have all rated equally in food and service. For a chain deli, its not bad. I always get the Fire Roasted Tortilla soup, I love it...spicy and flavorful, love when they crush extra chips on top! I even got a tip today from one of their employees, since the Fire Roasted Tortilla isn't on their menu every day, I should try the Southwest Chicken Chili. He says it's really similar.I get their Chef Salad often too, loaded with deli ham, turkey and cheeses...good size salad for the price. I've tried many of their sandwiches...my favorite is probably the Beefeater, comes with Au Jus for dipping!Free ice cream for dessert.
4	Love this place! Price is right and quality is good. The corned beef and turkey are a little dry. All you can eat salad bar is awesome with a lot of variety, muffins, different crackers. They have anything to please meat eaters, vegans, organic food lovers, everybody. You also get a free self serve frozen custard as part of your meal. This is why I keep going back.
4	I love the food and the free ice cream.I always get my favorite roast beef sandwich there and they never disappoint.  They make it to order and are always fast.  The beef is so tender it melts in my mouth.Again cant say this enough i love the free ice cream after my meal.
2	Ate here on Wednesday night and the food was not very good.  I ordered the Mediterranean Wrap with a diet soda and my boyfriend ordered the salad bar and a chicken sandwich.  I had three small pieces of olive pit that I bit down on that were in my wrap.  I did not to mention anything cause it happens...  However, the Mediterranean Wrap was nothing very special.  It was for $6.59, but I could have gotten a sub from Subway that was more for my money...  My boyfriend's sandwich was okay.. He said the salad bar was good.  The chicken meat kept falling out of his sandwich..  The people that worked there were very friendly. Food was not up to par.. We will not be coming back due to the disappointing food.
4	Yum Yum. the salad bar has a great selection (although I would have liked some more fruit choices). The staff is fast and courtious and a bit funny at times.  Loved the chicken salad but it might not be for everyone - it has pineapple and nut in it.  The best thing is that there is enough seating that you don't have to walk around aimlessly looking for a space to eat.  Another plus is that the to go reister is seperate.
4	The beefeater was pretty amazing... French dip sauce was a little sweet for my liking but overall it was pretty delicious
4	I love this placeIt would be helpful that I stop eating out and cook but due to the summer heat- I prefer to eat out...This is one of my many favorite place- i love the sandwiches as well as the salad bar.
4	My last place of residency was Omaha Ne, and I was introduced to Jason's Deli there and fell in love with the simple food/ingredients and immaculate salad bar with nice patrons sitting and conversing casually as they enjoyed their food and free soft serve ice cream. I was expecting the same type of dining experience her in Vegas but was disappointed.Once ordered they give you a number that you set in a clamp on the table so the server knows where to bring your meal once served; I was sitting within earshot of the counter and I heard them say runner my number and after 5 mins I heard them yell runner my number again; I walked over and asked if I could take my sandwich back to my table on my own; no apology, no thank you, just yeah and they turned their back to me. The salad bar is good size and the food was fresh but was missing something unique to make it stand out above their competitors; I did see a sign that proclaimed "pickle lovers rejoice" and was expecting to find a few different choices of pickles to choose from; there was only one and they pickles were older/wilted pickles that had lost their crunch. Was very disappointed as I wanted to rejoice in pickle bliss. The crowd was loud but that may have a lot to do with the acoustics inside the place but was rather distracting not something I was used to from the store in Omaha; the tables are laid out so you are force to squeeze between aisles but that I'm sure is due to how popular they are and their attempt to give everyone a place to sit. They do have good food and I highly recommend the Chicken Pot Pie they serve it in a small size if you want to do soup and sandwich or you can order a full cup and it will surely fill you up and taste delicious. My only major recommendation is to try to go during non-peak hours so you don't get over whelemed by the crowd and your food doesn't get stuck sitting on a counter getting cold while the servers try to maneuver around the aisles and aisles of people hovering.
1	Two times in a row they have left things out of my online orders that I pick up in person.  This is unacceptable, McDonald's has better service for half the price!  Also annoying how they make you show IDs and credit cards plus sign paper receipts for online orders that were already processed.  The new credit card laws do not require signatures for orders under $50 now.  They also should remove the tip line as this is not a full service restaurant and you should not feel obligated to tip.
2	I have been to Jason's Deli quite a few times since living in Vegas at 2 of their locations.  I never actually "CRAVE" their food nor am I ever dying to go there.  The food is fine but that's all.  The salad bar is fresh but nothing exciting.  Their Fire tortilla chicken soup is very good as is their French Onion soup.  I can't recall which sandwiches I have had but nothing comes to mind as exceptional.  My husband usually orders Reuben or pastrami sandwiches which he has decreed as "good" but in no way comparable to The Bagel Cafe.  They have wonderful fresh brewed iced tea (Black Currant is my favorite).  This is a good place for lunch if you want to try to have healthy options.  Easy to feed your kids here plus they have free ice cream.
4	I always wanted too check this place out. My brother comes here all the time with his family and tells me great sandwiches overall good solid food. After night of trick-treat with family headed too Jason's Deli with my nieces.First impression was big, spacious, and really nice for deli sandwich/shop. I love the high ceilings, decor really nice, tons of places too sit down (went late so had no idea looks like packed), and couple television inside. I like you get number style pick table,  and they find number bring food too you. The soda fountains unlimited, looking at it soda fountain lot of stuff going on, and the salad. Looks like winner. I never order salad but sure the next visit have too try it. I love all the topping looked fresh, lot too choose from, and it clean (you know times go too say sweet tomatoes; some people are slobs miss the plate). I ordered something from there famous sandwich section of the menu. I settled on the reuben sandwich. Awesome! The amount of corn beef its 1/2lb states on the  menu feels like lot more because barely able too finish all of it! I did! =) It cooked perfection nice, hot, and moist. The special dressing, sauerkraut, pickles, and bread together was divine. The corn beef was nice steamed hot, moist, and bread great fresh taste. It came with chips too. The service was great the lady at the counter was really nice. The manager there walking around checking up on us several times. Nice staff. One of the kids dropped his soda. We told one workers sorry and he really nice said smile no problem went ahead cleaned it up. There lot more stuff on the menu from pastas, soups (nieces had tortilla soup; they love it), and lot more for me try on next visit!
4	of all the jason's deli's ive been to this had an awkward layout. when i walked in i had a hard time finding the menu until i realized it was on a laminated menu folded on the wall (its been a while since ive been into one). after i knew what i wanted i ordered togo. after you pay i wasnt sure where to stand or wait. i think most of the tables were full and if i went too far i wasnt sure if theyd bring it to me or yell my order out. so i waited next to the pick up window and kept having to dodge customers getting their food. i saw the salad bar and quickly regretted getting my pastrami sandwich. next time i go ill get a salad.
2	Tried this place for lunch the first time last week with a couple of friends.  It has a nice setting and ambiance but the food was average at best and it took a long time to get a couple of sandwiches.  Probably won't go back.However, as a plus, you do get free ice cream for whatever that is worth.......
5	Henry Morales is an awesone employee. Every time I come here and he's here he's always in good spirits and makes my meal enjoyable. The salad bar is always clean and stocked well. Other employees make sure tables are clean and make sure they're attended to as soon as customers leave or before they sit down. Plus free softserve after a meal is always great.
4	Generally good all around. Havent had a bad meal yet and the staff is very friendly at this location.
1	WORST sandwich chain in the US. worst service ever! esp that asian broad at the register so rude. She's probably upset bc she was born with a Jay Leno Chin and Man Hands.. Sandwiches are mediocre at best. I'd rather eat a sandwich from the gas station B! eff this place!
3	Hmmm. Jasons deli.. deffinetly Not my Fave sanwich spot. Shit I even like subway better than this. But the foods Not gross . Just Not that tasty.. soo of your looking for something healthy u could come here but dont expect flavorful taste bud appeasing sanwiches. Very mediocre. I guess they have free ice crem idk tho I dont eat it.
3	This was my first time trying Jason's Deli. Sad I know...I'm not a huge sandwich fan, which I should be, but I wouldn't mind coming here for lunch time. Their service is ok. They don't conversate much or help you with suggestions.I got their soup and sandwich special. I paired mine with French Onion soup and the Club Royale which was a toasted croissant with smoked turkey breast, ham, bacon, Swiss,cheddar, leafy lettuce, tomato,honey mustard. It was really good. A definite recommendation if you decide to go. I love croissants as part of a sandwich and it's a very light sandwich that isn't to heavy on the tummy. They also serve free ice cream, and they provide a nice salad bar as well for an extra price. I wanted to get some vanilla soft serve, but they were all out. They only had chocolate so I just passed on the ice cream. I wouldn't mind going back for lunch again!
5	I have only had the salad bar with a small soup which costs about 9 bucks.   Very good deal.... very good salad bar... by the time the soup cup comes, i am almost full on very good salad bar items.... come for the salad bar!!!!!! best place!!!!!!!
5	The food is great but be careful if you're watching calories. Tons of calories & fat. The Nutty Salad is delicious. I've definitely enjoyed the decor of this new location as well as the friendly staff.
5	I've been to this Jason's a few times, and it's been good every time, but tonight I had their Nutty Mixed up Salad and they went from good to amazing. The chicken was fresh grilled and the balsamic vinaigrette dressing is superb. Highly recommended.
4	I love the chicken pot pie soup! The soup and sandwiches are always good and the unlimited soft serve ice cream is a major bonus.
4	Gluten free bread for sandwiches....so good.  Get the turkey with avocado and hummus. Yum!Only thing I don't like is that I have to place my to go order online several hours ahead of picking it up.  That's just too long.
2	I was introduced to Jason's Deli through my co-workers as we only worked a few minutes away. We got there just after noon the first time, and to be expected, it was very busy. The lines go fast though. However, there's something I just don't like about this place. I've been to some really good delis in New York (and even around Las Vegas) and it's hard to really compete. I wasn't expecting much, but still, this place just seems like one of those compromises you make because you're really hungry at lunch and don't feel like arguing with your co-workers. My first trip there I ordered a pot roast sandwich and received some sort of pastrami monstrosity that I had to dissect like a pig fetus before I could fit it reasonably in my mouth. The pastrami was gristly, dry and salty and I was kind of turned off. The next time I went there I got some kind of California croissant with avocado and turkey that wasn't bad. But it's kind of expensive - like $8 - $10 bucks a sandwich. I could go to a lot of better places for that kind of money. After a soda it's like 12 or 13 bucks. Now when I go I just get the chili, which is pretty good all around. I've never been disappointed with the chili. The ambiance is loud. There are usually tons of people there at lunch (many with kids running around and screaming their heads off - like a Little Rascals episode) and usually some sort of supervisor woman yelling "Service!" or something to her servers every time an order needs to go out which adds to a kind of 1930s Soviet sweatshop vibe. Again, kind of a turn off, but I'll still go back if I'm really hungry. It's convenient.
2	Pretty good food, but it's overpriced - if the service was quicker it might not be a problem, but if you want a single sandwich to go, be ready to wait between 30 and 45 minutes for it even if the restaurant is dead empty for your $13 ordeal. More food than that, just give up and go to a grocery store. The employees run the gamut between understandably dead-eyed and bored teenagers to rude and unruly teenagers who need to go run on a hamster wheel for a few hours before being released safely back into society. I've been to this location a few times, thinking maybe I just hit it during a bad hour, but it's slow and headache inducing every single time. Pity, because the sandwiches aren't bad.
5	I was newly introduced to this place, so I only ate there 4 times, but I can't wait to go back. The place is very clean, staff members are super friendly and the food is very tasty. I will highly recommend Jason's Deli to all of my friends.
4	This place is clean compared to most Jason's and the service is friendly and fast.
4	I have been going to Jason's deli for a very long time. I originally ate there when I was in second grade in Memphis Tennessee. Yeah I know, a long time ago. I love how they are always fresh. The salad bar has crisp vegetables and is always very clean. Their food is flavorful, selling, and organic for the most part! Free frozen yogurt as well with your meal! Who can beat that! My favorite item on the menu is the spud o broc! It's a potato that is full of broccoli cheddar soup!  I had some additions. I add fresh carved roast beef provolone cheese and fresh broccoli to the mix. Holy moly it is amazing!
4	I had the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich, all ic an say is YUM! and the French Onion soup was really good too!
4	So far, this is the best sandwich joint I've had in Vegas.  I had the turkey ruben and although it had a little too much sourkraut for my liking, it was tasty.  I was also impressed with the salad bar selection.
5	Wild salmon-wich is the bomb..bread is some sort of crab flavored biscuit
5	Mediterranean Wrap (9 points) and Broccoli Cheese Soup (6 points).  Great lunch spot with friendly and attentive staff and the place is always spotless.
3	Solid place to eat. Had the royale sandwich with chips. It wasn't awesome, but it was good. Had the French onion soup, which was alright.
5	I came in with my boyfriend at 11:30 AM today. I ordered the 1/2 size Meatballa sandwhich ($5.99) with Glueten free bread (.29 charge for half).  He had the Manager's special 1/2 size Ham sandwhich with chips and a cup of chicken soup. His meal was $7.29 plus the fountain drink we shared for $1.99... The total came to $16.82.  Which is better than most places but I still expected more from the food I guess.I felt bad for my boyfriend, he said the chicken soup wasn't great, but enjoyed his ham sandwhich. My sandwhich was delicious. It's an average chain sandwhich shop... But atleast the host Katherine was nice and polite. And they didn't screw up the food.
4	Originally planned to go to Baguette Cafe during lunch break but it was closed due to renovation so the girls & I decided to come here instead.It was my first time & I loved it! Ordered the Manager's Special Combo & got Tomato Soup & half Papa Joe Sandwich. I love the fact that the soup had chunks of tomato in it and just the right amount of cheese. T'was delicious indeed. My soup stayed warm the whole time, too! Seriously! Truly appreciated during this weird, humid, cloudy Vegas day.The Papa Joe sandwich was a perfect pair! Focaccia bread was fresh and toasted. The turkey, asiago, pesto, roasted tomatoes and mayo just blended well together. Mayo was subtle, there were more pesto and tomatoes. No complaints there!The portions were adequate considering you get chips as well. I was stuffed! But not too stuffed for ice cream cause there's free soft serve! Yum!Definitely coming back to try other things on the menu. :)
5	Free ice cream with your meal!!The staff here is like really nice. Very nice. I can't believe how nice they are.It's a to-go type joint, but with quality service.I love coming here I go at least once a month. The soups and sandwiches are made fresh to order which is a plus.They also have a selection of the salad bar that consists of free munchies for entree purchases. It's like a raisin muffin and corn bread muffin. They have a nice menu, if you ask they will explain it to you so its simple.They have a manager's special, which lets you select soup, salad or sandwich. You get to choose two. And it includes chips or a side of fruit. The soups here are so good. The price is way better than Panera. If you were to look throughout the entire arroyo plaza, this and sammys pizza wins! Get off your butt and go eat guy! It's amazing.If you're in a hurry, order in advance! They have a separate entrance for to-go orders. Quicker to the register and quicker out that door. Cheddar broccoli soup.. Is a must! Enjoy your meal! :)
2	Tried Jason deli for the first time and was a bit disappointed. -pastrami sandwich on French roll with mustard: first off the meat was a bit tasteless and wasn't even that warm even though I got it toasted.  Bread seemed ok... Will probably give it another shot with a different sandwich. Worker was helpful and service seemed good. Establishment was clean and plenty of seating. The free ice cream wasn't bad though.
3	Had salad bar and Cuban sandwich. The Cuban was quite good. It met me taste expectations of what a Cuban should taste like. Salad bar was loaded with goodies. Basic greens as well as spring mix. Wide assortment of dressings like low fat ranch and balsamic vinaigrette. Whole beets, mushrooms, carrots, cucumber, antipasto, potato salad, etc. if the prices were a little cheaper I'd give 4 stars. $8 for a small sandwich and plain ruffles is a little more than I'd expect to pay. But the food is good.
2	The two stars in this review are for the food alone. We just moved to the area and our Jason's Deli in the area we previously lived burned down and had not been reopened by the time we moved. The salad bar and soup were very good and my kids enjoyed their pb&j's. My wife got a ham and cheese sandwich and said the ham was very good. The great disappointment at this establishment was the staff. While not all of them were this way, most were not very friendly and seemed frustrated when you asked for assistance. When I was at the register, it was obvious the guy was new, but no one seemed to want to help him, acting as if they were busy when the store was mostly empty. The other staff would then get frustrated when he would do something wrong and they would have to fix it. If they would spend more time training him, they would have much less frustration.
2	I love Jason's Deli but this location is so inconsistent that it drives me mad. The food isn't something to write home about but it's decent. The salad bar is good when it's stocked. I've eaten here several times when the cherry tomatoes were wrinkled and way past their prime, the sad broccoli was floating in a tub of water, and the lettuce and other containers have been close to empty. Other times I've encountered a bountiful, fresh salad bar. The food can be hit or miss and the portions have been shrinking while the prices have been rising. At least they seem to understand when I ask for "no bread" with my sandwich (low carb style), but you'd think they'd knock off 50 cents or something since I'm not being served the bread (which is the bulk of their sandwiches, believe me). I often leave here hungry because the portions are so minuscule. I've been served strawberries that were so mushy they had thumbprints in them and chicken breast that was microwaved so long that you couldn't even chew it. I don't tend to like restaurants that have microwaves out front and center -- what kind of message does that send about the quality?Bonus points for the fact that they always have tasty, fresh strawberries all year long. I don't know how they do that! I always sub a cup of berries for the potato chips (that will cost you $2 extra!!). Make sure you buy a big refillable soda mug and you can get 99 cent refills for the life of the mug!
1	We went here at 10:30am to grab an early lunch. There was no one in the restaurant, just us and the workers. The lady who greeted us and took our order was pleasant. I got the salad bar, which had a lot of stuff so that's the one star. We sit down and I immediately notice employees lounging around everywhere, playing on their phones, doing whatever. That's weird but I'm not the manager. We waited 30 mins to get our food. I got a half sandwich and he got pastrami. Seriously, 30 mins. There was only one lady working and everyone else sitting around. I would've been pissed if I was her. Finally! We get our food, which was served by one of the employees who was playing with his phone. He didn't even say anything as he delivered the food, he wasn't wearing gloves, and I have no idea if he washed his hands. My sandwich looked gross, like it was thrown together. I didn't even eat half of the half I ordered. He ate all his pastrami but had an eyelash on his chips. Gross.   Do not go to this location. The salad bar was the one redeeming quality, but after the poor service and the eyelash, I couldn't go back for more.
5	First time here and will absolutely return. I had the Royale Croissant with broccoli cheddar soup. YUM YUM!!!!!!! Salad bar is rad and they also have pasta. Fantastic service here.
4	I wanted to give this Jason's Deli another chance and my family and I returned recently. This time seemed to be a better experience. The service was much better this time and the people were much more friendly and helpful. The food was very good just like the previous visit. So this location has increased from 2 to 4 stars in my book. Well done Jason's Deli for turning things around in a few short months.
4	I see why people say it's inconsistent here. In a whole I love Jason's deli and all of the selections. When I worked downtown I used to order from them 3-4/week and always has same consistency in food. This is my Third time at this location and every time the food is off from the last time, flavors, textures, everything. Corn bread muffins are super soft today and lat time they were crispy. The vegetable soup had barely any chickpeas in it today. But not to worry since I hate them. They have a great soup selection and I love that they have vegetarian soups. The French onion is great. I've never had it overly salty which I get a lot at other restaurants. Food is always fast and they always go around to make sure you are alright and clear tables. The salad bar is always stocked. Check this place out if you want a quick healthy bite to eat.
4	Jason's deli is always on point. Although I miss he turtle cheesecake on the menu... They still have free ice cream! The menu is just full of variety. From salads, sandwiches, soups, to baked potatoes. It has a great variety of foods. If you have 30 min and looking for a deli than Jason's Deli is the place to be!
5	My favorite lunchtime eatery!  Gluten free options, fresh and a great salad bar.  Highly recommend to anyone.
3	This place used to be my favorite take out deli. Unfortunately not after the inconsistencies in their service. And the staff needs to get the order correct down to a T. They kept mixing the order up or missed putting sauces or sides in our bags. For the amount we pay this shouldn't happen
2	Doesn't matter what time of the day it is, there is always a line. Not because they are busy, but because they have no sense of urgency. Once you are able to order, it takes about 10-15 mins to get your food and when you do get it, they often forget a side part like salsa with a wrap, or yogurt with fruit. I've given them several chances as I do enjoy the food, but the wait and lack of respect from employees that you are appreciated for being there just never improves. I'll go to a place that cares about my business.
4	I love this place.  GO bread, fresh ingredients.  CONS:  service is slow.  Last two visits we waited 20+min for our sandwiches.  Watching the kitchen, they have a, back up of sandwiches to be table delivered.PRO:  Mgr came out to our table to discuss GF options.  Love the personal tough.I give them 4 stars for food, but 1 star for slow service to table.
4	I absolutely love Jason's Deli! The salad bar is just the best.....all the options make it so yummy. I have to say that this is the place I go when I want a great salad!! Service and prices are great. I really don't think there is a better self service salad bar than Jason's Deli!!!!
1	Possibly the most I've ever paid for a salad bar. The ambiance is loud and the cashier was so soft spoken I couldn't hear anything he said.  I also ordered a salmon filet that I had to tell them to prepare, which apparently was completed in a microwave. I won't be back, to this location or any other.
4	Love the chicken pot pie and I like the fact that you can build your own sandwich
1	They have a salmon salad , it looks good on the picture, but it came out cold and fishy smell, and I asked for some chicken , it wasn't good at all, I won't be back here again, just saying !!!
4	Their salads are fantastic. I highly recommend the tortilla soup and French onion soup. Even their pastas are amazing for a deli. And how do you say no to the free ice cream afterwards yum yum yum
5	I got to give them mad props to their customer service. I came to grab a nice salad here during my lunch break, and since I only ordered a salad I was hoping it'll be really quick to make. Well, I started to get worried as 15 minutes past and my salad wasn't ready. I came by to inquire about it, and as I did inquire, my salad happened to be ready to be served to me.I was pleased, and even thought I was just being paranoid because of time. Regardless, Gerald the Manager was kind enough to comp my salad and apologize. Becca also came by to let me know that my meal was comped and apologized for the wait.I mean really, they didn't have to comp my meal nor did I expect them to, but they did anyway for the inconvenience and gave me their sincerest apologies. Two thumbs up (or..5 stars in this case) on your customer service though!
5	I love this place. I come here 1-2 times a week for lunch. Staff is always friendly and the food is always delish. I get the half sandwich and half salad bar deal. I'm obsessed with their couscous salad with cherry tomato and cucumber and the California club on a croissant! Their desserts are good as well.
1	On the door it stated it was open at 10 a.m. I arrived at 1010 and the doors were still locked. A clerk let me In. I was one of the first people there along with another couple. This was my first time at Jason's Deli. I saw several workers standing behind the counter but no one explained to me how it worked; I had asked how do I ordered my food. I then ordered the all you can eat salad bar Plus a cup of soup. Now remember there is really no one in the restaurant  and it was dead. It took 15 minutes to get my cup of soup while all the workers we're standing on the back preparing other food. When I got the soup, the soup was spilled all over the Bowl. Some of the lettuce was wilted. I wasn't impressed with the salad bar. None of the things in the salad bar was filled up to the top. The chocolate syrup was out. I was disappointed in the whole overall experience. This place lacked attention to detail. I wish I took pictures to prove how sloppy everything was. They need to fire the manager!!
4	Gluten free Food is so good here.
2	Never been to a Jason's Deli before so me and my boyfriend decided to check it out since We live pretty close. As soon as We walked in We were greeted by a girl at a register. I told her it was our first time thinking she might suggest things but instead she just threw a menu in front of us and started to talk with a coworker. What caught my eye was the half and half deal. I decided to go with the Rueben sandwich and French onion soup and my boyfriend got the chili with a turkey sandwich and we decided to share one of those potato things. The Rueben was delicious, piled high with corned beef. The French onion though was extremely disappointing, more disgusting actually. The flavor was so bland that I had to add salt, and that didn't even help. I would definitely go back for another sandwich but not the soup. My boyfriend did enjoy his meal though, but the potato on the other hand was dry, way too dry. Maybe the need to find another way to cook it or something.Only reason I gave 2 stars was because of the Rueben sandwich and the guy who was going around busing the tables. He kept checking up on us very frequently.
5	Don't know why I've never tried this place before. Exceptional sandwich. Had the New York which was pastrami and corned beef on rye. And let me tell you, best sandwich in Vegas. Reminded me of the Carnegie Deli in LA. Will def be back.
5	Outstanding service, very clean. Ordered the French Onion soup and the Beef Eater (roast beef on french with au jous)Both were fresh and hot. Will be going back :)
5	All of their soups and sandwiches that I have had were quite good.These days, I stick with the salad bar because I love it.  Tons of options and always replenished on a regular basis. When I want a filling meal under $10, this is a great go-to spot. If you get the salad bar, you don't have to wait in line. You can use the touch screen when you walk in and go right to pick up your plate.Fantastic!
5	Loved my California Club Croissant with tomato basil soup with cheddar! I was able to substitute the fruit side or fresh veggie side with one of their soups. The cashier was more than happy to do it. Made my day.
5	Stopped in for a wonderful dinner of fire roasted tortilla soup and the salad bar. The soup was flavorful and the selection on the salad bar was good and the food was fresh.
4	Food is pretty good. Always consistent. Customer facing staff is very professional and courteous. However the staff in the back which is viewable from the ToGo area was flipping each other off and goofing around. Nothing too bad, but still unprofessional.Wish the menu was a little more "deli" traditional. Granted I know it's not a NY deli, but the variety is a little low. Would like to see some Italian style subs.
1	This place has been a disaster to say the least!! the last two times we've gone I've gotten food poisoning! Needless to say we will not be returning! Poor management, trashes overflowing, food all over the floors, waited 40 mins for two bowls of soup!! Absolutely ridiculous! We LOVE Jason's Deli but will never go to this location again! I'll drive the extra 25 mins to eat in henderson!
4	Good food good prices, nice salad bar. Always easy and fresh. Most of the time they are quick except for lunch time it can get a little backed up.Still a great spot in a pinch for lunch.
1	disgusting.  i'm here right now and it smells horrible, like urine. note to jasons deli: clean your bathrooms thoroughly. if you have tables (8 tables) near the restroom, remember......people are eating and dont want to smell pee!
4	I enjoy eating at this Jason's Deli. The staff is friendly and very attentive. Also, the restaurant is spacious, and there's plenty of seats always available. I usually come for their salad bar; it gives Sweet Tomatoes a run for their money. There are plenty of options to choose from, and everything is super fresh. My favorite item, which totally defeats the purpose of eating healthy, is the chocolate mouse-pudding. It's available only at the salad bar. Trust me, the smoothness of the mouse, mixed with whole chocolate chips is to die for! Here's a tip: if you plan on returning frequently, I'd invest in one of their Jason's Deli thermos cups which sale for $3.99. Bring it back on returning visits to pay only $.99 for refills:-)
3	Food good, decent customer service, wait was terrible.They have a ton of kids behind the counter working and a very mild dine-in crowd. How did I just wait 20 minutes for a half a sandwich and a small pre made cup of soup?????? Beats me. Ordering online for pickup only now.At least the cashier was nice and thanked myself and the groups of people in front of me for our patience.
1	I used to work here. Let me tell everybody reading this. Don't ever ever go to this location. It's not clean. They use  rags to clean the bathroom then clean tables with the same rag. I remember a kid threw up and we had to mop it up, they then used the same mop to mop the floors during closing without disinfecting it. The soups aren't handmade they come frozen inside of bags! Same with the sauces. Brownies, cakes, etc are delivered. They leave the meat and ice cream out over night. Customers don't know this but there are a few mice here as well. My experience here sucked! I was happy to leave! I will never step foot inside this or any other Jason's deli ever again! Just think about this next time you come to this location. El arroyo crossings. If you value your health don't come here smh. Save yourself and your money and go to the chilis next door
4	Love Jason's Deli! The delivery option is awesome and the strawberry shortcake is one of the best!!
3	The food is delicious. Any time I want soup or a sandwich this is my place. For some reason this time when we came there was an employee in the back shouting in Spanish to the other employees. Her voice seriously sounds like a Halloween black cat. It's so awful.
2	Wish I had known they were using a MICROWAVE I choose to not have one in my home and certainly don't need to pay some one else to microwave for me. Sad all these places profiting off healthy food claims really aren't healthy.
4	What a great joint to eat at. the salad bar is one of my favorites by far . the sandwiches and soups are delicious too.  A nice trendy spot for those who wanna eat a bit more healthy.  or sick of chipotle hah
4	I really like this place, I love to get their soups and half sandwich in the winter months and they salad bar in the spring and summer. Go early or call in ur order unless u do not mind waiting. The wait could be long so I suggest unless u do not care go r 11:00.The c.s. is great and very nice.The have great desserts.
