5	What happen's when some guy from New Jersey moves to Phoenix on doctor's orders (for his health), gets bored and decides to open up a Little-Italy style restaurant that could easily exist in New York?  You get The Appian Way.My father and I discovered this gem when on a recent golf outing, and we were trying to discern between the tacky and otherwise bland looking restaurants offered on the main drag in Fountain Hills.  Hey, at least there is a really big fountain that seems to turn on about once an hour, though we could never figure out the schedule.  But I digress...If you like fresh veal, any of the dishes here will suffice.  The house wine is also very very good, i would highly recommend the Montepulciano house wine, it is better than some high-priced bottles you can find in lesser restaurants.  From appetizer to main course to service to desert to overal ambiance, this is a GREAT Italian restaurant hidden in Fountain Hills.
1	This is a sub par Italian restaurant. The food is just OK. Pricing is around $25 a person after tip and no wine.  They do try had, but the food is Bland and not very exciting.
2	Came here last night after a friend and I decided we were in the mood for some Italian food.  From the outside I could not tell this place was attempting to be an upscale restaurant, but all the wait staff were fairly dressed up and the menu (i.e. pricing) suggested otherwise.  Upon entering this establishment we were greeted by whom I assume was the owner and we requested to sit in the bar area as I wanted to hide my grubby appearance.  First problem encountered was the owner was not even aware of what the specials were that night?  Next the controls of one of the main televisions had been entrusted to a lovely age strained couple who decided that turning up their hearing aids would be silly and it would be more acceptable to crank the volume up to almost the max setting.  Anyways on to the food, we started inconspicuously with Clams Casino - pretty simple right.  Well after waiting close to 20 minutes they finally come out, and all I can say is really.  They are not supposed to be runny, they are supposed to be baked with breadcrumbs not so runny that when you pick up the clam all the good stuff just spills out.  For the entrees we had Chicken Parmesan and Lobster Ravioli, pretty simple dishes again can't really mess those up.  Well I stand corrected, the ravioli wasn't cooked long enough and was hard/tough on the edges but the vodka sauce was good and there was a decent amount of lobster inside.  As for the friends chicken it was cooked well, but the sauce was comparable to Ragu or other canned sauces.   Both dishes were just lacking in flavor.  Some parsley or oregano for the chicken and some brandy in the ravioli sauce would of set it apart.  Overall the service was slow and hopefully that means the dishes were handmade/homemade.  I should of noticed that this place being dead on a Saturday night.  As a side note the owner was hilarious between not knowing the specials, pacing behind the bar all night, trying to expedite and oversee all the orders/dishes, spilling wine, and eating his dinner right at the bar amongst all the customers it was very entertaining.  I will most likely not return to this restaurant unless everything else is closed.
1	I'll tell it as it was, your experience may differ. The appetizer cheese was tasty and the included salads were good.The sauce on my fish dinner was a salt lick of maybe a quarter cup of small capers and what tasted like a large amount of spoiled anchovies. This sauce was not edible.My fish dinner looked like it took a bungee jump to land on my plate. The I am now glad Tiny 2-3 oz fish was about half broken up into maybe twelve pieces.The side dish of pasta was over cooked and broken up.The sauce over the pasta tasted like it was made of crushed tomatoes and sugar ONLY.Over steamed plain pealed broccoli was the high point and only edible portion of the meal.My husband's ossobucco was under cooked by an hour and tasted like it was boiled (but not boiled enough) in water.The ossobucco had an inferior brown gravy poured over it instead of a proper braising liquid of wine and broth as it should have been. Under the veal shank was pasta sitting in the inferior brown gravy.We ate only a couple bits off our plates and didn't want to complain since we were with another couple that picked this restaurant since it is their favorite. I now know their taste differs from ours ....more than I thought.Service was above average and the restaurant is also above average looking with tablecloths. You might want to give them a try but WE WILL NOT RETURN.
3	The majority of reviews pan this simple, Italian restaurant.  While they definitely could use some training in how to cook pasta al dente, there is some great construction of dishes and flavors going on.  PLEASE serve warm bread and olive oil!!   The veal was cooked well, the meatballs dense and flavorful. The tiramisu was one of the best I have ever eaten! The service was sweet and personal. Still guys, overcooked pasta will leave most patrons not wanting to return even if the sauce on top is tasty
2	Visited with my mother one evening, as Appian Way has been her fave restaurant for many years. It is hard to respect a restaurant that serves cold butter in foil packets, not olive oil. Service was very slow, despite it being not that busy for a Saturday night. Had to wait a couple of times with empty waters, even had to flag a different waiter to top us off. The calamari was very good - tender, not greasy, and just a light dusting of breading. The meal took forever to arrive, despite being just a salad (DRENCHED in dressing) and an entree. The main entree was cold, as was the plate. Clearly the plate had been sitting in queue for some time (I had a hunch since the folks who came in after us, a party of four, were served first, and attentively at that). My mother voiced the complaint to the owner that the entree was cold but he barely seemed to acknowledge - he seems to be flighty and not that accomodating. Might want to up your customer service skills. Fountain Hills has far to go in terms of reputable, delicious dining establishments, but I had thought this "gem" would continue to be a favorite.
2	Good on the usual suspects but other than that don't get too crazy on the others.    Service not good
5	Awesome service, above and beyond the usual. Everything Italian on the menu is excellent and approved by my Italian friends. I don't go to an Italian Restaurant to eat anything other than Italian, although my friends who've had the steak think it is excellent as well. I've visited several times since 2011 and have never been disappointed.
