5	With the kind of quick, friendly, and personal service you get at Mail Plus, you'd be a fool to go to the Tempe Post Office. They are open in the shopping plaza on the corner of Southern and McClintock, right next to Back East Bagels, Monday-Friday, 9-6, and Saturday, 10-4. They have shipping boxes and supplies, padded envelopes, stamps, an awesome greeting card selection, fax services and a photocopier. It is run by wonderful people who go out of their way to be helpful (boxing up packages for you) and accommodating (Joe special ordered the new wedding stamps for me last year). They will mail your items in any manner or speed you need, and will happily give you all of your price options. Never again should anyone in Tempe waste precious time in heinous lines just to get grouchy dead-eyed service at the PO like a sucker.
5	I love this place!  Can you say personal, professional service!!  I know this is unheard of in other places like the UPS Store and the USPS..  they don't care about your business or you..  At Mail Plus they understand customer service and treat you like a valued HUMAN!Besides having everything you need, quick friendly service and unmatched customer care they enjoy their jobs and strive to go above and beyond!Thanks for being great!
5	These guys are the best.  Simply the best. From stamps to shipping an iPhone, they really actually care that you get the best packaging for the best price. By using many different shipping companies, they are able to give you many options. Very old school service that I love, especially coming from a small town.
5	This is my new go-to place if I need to mail out anything (UPS or USPS, no FedEx though) or buy stamps.  Although the nearest USPS on Southern is close enough, sometimes there is a bit of a wait, and the nearest UPS Store on Broadway and McClintock provides indifferent service.
5	This place is the quickest  and easiest place to ship any packages.  They are very friendly and professional.   I have been using them in the 20 years and always been treated very well.   I highly recommend them.
5	I am a new customer! It was so quick, easy, and friendly!! My mailbox is now set up and I don't have to go to the post office etc. anymore! I had no idea these even existed.. Thank you yelp too for helping me find this cute place! So excited to do business here
4	I needed my envelope to get there in three days, with a tracking number, signature arrival verification, for as cheap as possible. Mail Plus got me in and out in less than a minute for $7 bucks. Pros:Convenient location off Southern/McClintockVariety of shipping optionsMailboxes availableNext door to Back East BagelsCons:Cash only for less than $5The only reason for less than 5 stars was that the cashier opened 10 minutes after 9am without much of an explanation or apology for being late. I don't mind waiting a few extra minutes, but the customer service just wasn't THAT great. Otherwise, I like these kinds of Postal stores (Postnet, too) as a great alternative to the Post Office or a brand name shipping outlet (UPS, FedEx, etc).
5	This place is very convenient to mail letters and/or packages when you're in a hurry. There are no long lines and the rates are inexpensive. They carry stamps, boxes and cute greeting cards, too!  Grab a bagel next door! Best bagels in Tempe! There's a Sprouts in the same plaza as well!This is definitely my go-to place to mail anything! Beats waiting in line at the post office that's just down the street on Southern.
