5	I love Chipotle.The food always tastes fresh and the ingredients are the above standard. The design of the great, simple, modern and ergonomic.Chipotle uses only natural meats, not factory farmed hormone injected animals. And some of the beans are organic. Although the menu choices seem limited, burrito, tacos or bowl, the combinations are endless with the different types of meat, beans, salsas, etc. The menu is more than accommodating to vegans, vegetarians and carnivores alike. They serve domestic and Mexican bottled beers as well as fountain drinks. The portions are huge, the burritos could easily be mistaken for a newborn baby wrapped in tin foil.Don't be put off by the lunch line. No matter how long the line is, which it is usually really long, you will get your food fairly quickly. I have spent many lunches here when the line was nearly out the door I was still in and out in a reasonable time.It is refreshing to have a business that actually cares and at the same time serve an amazing product.
4	Chipotle is a godsend for my little area of Phoenix, where it seems quite difficult to eat vegetarian unless I cook at home. While there always seems to be a line out the door, it moves faster than you'd think. On top of that, the food is awesome! I have never once been disappointed with my food and neither has anyone that I have exposed Chipotle to. For having such a small and specific selection of items, the set-up is great and possibilities seem endless. I love that the meat served here is natural, meaning no hormones and better taste!The atmosphere is cozy, clean and simple. The only reason I had to give this place only 4 stars is due to service. When you go thru the line and the staff asks you what what you would like on your salad, tacos or burrito, they ask as they are already spooning it on. On more than half occasions here they have had to remove ingredients or redo my food, but they never mind having to do the correction. So if you see a topping that you would prefer not to have, my advice is to scream it out before your food makes its way even remotely close to the item. I can promise you won;t be disappointed with your end result, though.......always yummy!
5	They are owned by McDonalds*. Anyone of the Yelp persuasion would have to want to hate them for this; but can they? I can not.I would like my apartment to look exactly like a Chipotle with a big comfy couch. The decorating is just industrial, modern, hip. The jazz and blues piping in over the brished metal just makes me want to hang out all day; as does a stomach full of huge burrito.The burritos are huge and delicious. I go barbacoa every time...Choice of beans? I like my beans like I like my women...Pinto. I actually get black and they rarely laugh at this joke.Everything tastes freshly made. I even love the chips and guac. What do they do to those chips to make them so delightful? The savior of fast food joints at last!*I was just informed that they are no longer owned by McDonalds.
3	Chipotle makes life easy.They serve 3 things.Burritos, Tacos, and Salads.Just 3.But they serve those 3 things THOUSANDS of ways,With or without 3 kinds of meat (and yes, you can have a little of each.... I have done that when I couldn't decide), with or without any of 7-10 different ingredients. And yes, you can have your burrito without the tortilla.Don't expect table service.  What you get is glorified fast food.  The disadvantage is that you have to get your own meal in line.  The advantage is that you don't have to wait, and you get it exactly the way you want it.The food is healthy.  Healthy, as in not full of chemicals.  It is still gonna have all the calories... maybe even a few extra, but  the meats are hormone and antibiotic free, the beans are organic, and the sour cream is hormone free too.I don't eat the tortillas... i'm into the bowls.
5	I fricken love Chipotle.The perfect PMS If-I-see-this-person-ever-again-I'm-going-to-explode-so-you-better-calm-me-down food.One of the few fast food joints that serves MARGHERITAS. Woohoo!! (wow, would I be classified as a lush? I better change my title)Their chips and salsa is very tasty.  Not too hot and not just tomatos.I like the bowls... makes a good two meals for me.  Doesn't go bad in the few hours 'til dinner.  The black beans are awesome, although sometimes you get a spicy part that hits ya right in the throat... then you just drink your margherita and you're good. lolOutdoor seating with misters in the summer, heaters in the winter.The modern look inside is awesome. Makes me think of Ikea, but I know it's not from there.At least I hope not.  That would ruin it for me.The best thing... it's a chain fast food restaurant, without tasting like a chain.
3	Chipotle has decent food, but I don't like the lack of choices.I just like Baja Fresh better, and if there were one close by, I'd probably not go to Chipotle.On one hand, if you're ever at Metro Center and get mugged or assaulted and wonder where are all the police officers, just check Chipotle, as there are usually half a dozen squad cars in the parking lot at any given time.
2	I will never understand why places like Chipotle (even Taco Bell) who have all the food precooked, and all the server has to do is scoop it into a tortilla or dish and wrap it up, can still manage to work so slowly as to get their line backed up for 15 minutes with only a few people in it (as if I'm at a Subway)!   I am not at all prejudiced against hippydreadlock folk based on appearance, but the rasta chick happened to be the problem this night, since she was moving in slow motion like she was blazed off of her gourd.I don't understand why I can get as much salsa as I want, on the side in a cup, with my burrito and there's no charge, but as soon as I order a bag of tortilla chips then i HAVE TO pay for that same cup of salsa.Still good food when it's what you're in the mood for, but this particular Chipotle loses a star for gross incompetence.
2	First time to this Franchise and this location. Well lit, in strip mall, good parking and no line at 7:30 pm. I ordered a Taco meal, menu did not specify how many Taco's included. You are asked soft or crispy tortilla ( make sure your tortilla is steamed nice a hot ), by the time I started to eat mind, it was cold. Next choose your meat, ( make sure meat is stirred ) my meat was cold. Next you get to choose, lettuce, salsa, sour cream, guacamole ( extra cost ). Needless to say my Taco's was cold and soggy ( to much salsa ). But my beer was cold! My friend had a chicken Burrito, it was okay, not warm, soggy, taste was okay. The employees tried to be friendly but I could tell they did not want to be there. Total for this visit-meal 1 Taco meal, 1 Burrito, 1 Beer and 1 small fountain drink was $20.00.
3	Pretty good going down, but the fire is still coming up on me 5 hours later! I guess I should have gone with the mild instead of hot.
4	This Chipotle location is always busy. The line depending on when you go can be close to out the door. There is indoor and outdoor seating in a clean atmosphere. There are three things they serve Burritos, Tacos, and Salads they want to create it.  Then four options for children. The meat is free of chemicals, beans are organic and the vegetables are purchased from local farmers. The food is always good, but the chips seem to always taste stale.
2	I heart Chipotle. I HATE this location!! There is always this little black kid chilling outside trying to sell stuff. Does this kid even have a business license? If I were the owners of this Chipotle I would shut this kid down asap! He is literally there all the time. It doesn't matter what time of the day I go or which day I go he is always there with his plastic container. He tries to look all sad so people feel sorry for him and buy whatever he is selling. When I get up in the morning and get out the door I feel pleasant, but this kid just ticks me off every time I see him. I don't want to be harassed by some sad puppy dog looking kid every time I want to pick up Chipotle. For the love of God people!What is truly sad is I go to Chipotle at least once a week and this location is closer to my house than the one on Camelback, but I rather go to the one on Camelback! This location needs to grow some balls and get rid of loiters trying to bother loyal customers.
4	This location gets pretty packed at lunchtime during the week.  But that goes the same for every Chipotle I've ever been to. The staff here has a good system down, it might just be me but I prefer efficiency over someone chatting me up.  The line can be wrapped to the door and I know I will still be through the line in no time.  Plenty of seating (indoor and outdoor) to accommodate all those people as well.The only gripe I have is the parking, it can be pretty cutthroat at times.  I've given up before and just parked at PetSmart before.  After discovering a calorie counter online I've ditched the tortilla on my burrito and just said no to sour cream.  Saved me about 500 calories!
2	We love Chipotle. but Do not like this location at all.. somehow there was no flavor.. the fajitas were tasteless and we were really upset, somehow ... Its just that we were in the area and wanted Chipotle and went to this location. I would not go back there again. After 2 days we ate at Chipotle again but the one that is closer home Happy Valley one, as we got our same flavor back, that is when we decided we will stick to our location.
5	Stopped by tonight before they closed and I got my self a burrito with rice, pinto beans,grilled chicken,guacamole,corn salsa,cheese and sour cream. I liked it..try it and if you like it take me out to eat and buy me another burrito :)
4	Chipotle is the new Subway... everyone loves a burrito for lunch.  Their burritos are yummy but for some reason, I'm not full after eating this huge gut bomb.  Someone should have a Chipotle burrito eating contest... I'm sure to win only to be suddenly rushed to the hospital for a double bypass surgery.
4	I love Chipotle.This location is not my usual one but we come here sometimes when my girlfriend is on lunch break from class.  The store is pretty clean and the staff is friendly.  I am a big fan of the chicken soft tacos.  Get a cheese quesadilla to go with them and you are all set.
1	I am a huge fan of Chipotle but I will never come back to this location. The staff looks miserable and are SLOW. The cashier decided she would rather clean tables then ring people up so we waited for her to come back. Most of the tables were already clean so she could of waited to clean. The rice was crunchy like it wasn't cooked all the way and the steak was really chewy. Never again!
4	Went on Tuesday night was waiting for a friend to fly in from Tampa. Her plane was late and  had some time to kill so went here since it was close to the hotel. I had the chicken burrito with pinto beans and rice. For a little extra I had the guacamole and it was worth it. A bag of chips, salsa, and a beer and I had the makings of a great dinner. I usually have the carnitas but the chicken tasted like it was fresh off the BBQ grill.  These burritos are huge! The service was great and the tables are clean. Check out this place when you are in the Metroplex area.
1	me and my wife got the chicken burrito and it was tasteless,greasy and full of qrizzly
4	You really can't say too much about Chipotle, you are either a fan or you are not!  I am a fan of their salads and their soft tacos (on corn tortillas actually).  The people behind the counter making your food are always nice and always have a smile on their faces!
3	The place has amazing food. Tacos. Burritos. Chips. All of it tastes great. The only thing holding me back from a 4 star review is that this place is a zoo at lunch time.  Yes every place is busy at lunch...as expected. But often this location has a line out the door. The food is good....but not that good. Try a pick up order if you are in a hurry.
3	I have never been a big fan. BUTThe kids taco meal with Barbacoa, rice, chips and a drink for $4.01...perfect for a lunch. Staff was nice, place was clean.
4	We enjoyed the food, the most disturbing part was when two men in plan cloths walked in with "OPEN AND CARRY" guns.  While this might be legal in Arizona, I personally felt uneasy and very unsafe.  The manager asked us how everything was and I said the food was great but I do not care to see guns in a restaurant unless they are on the police officers and we quickly walked out.  I will not do business with a company that allows 'OPEN AND CARRY FIREARMS" on a person while I am eating.
2	This is the first time I had been to any Chipotle, and I was not impressed. The girl only seemed to half listen and kept trying to rush me. Now, despite it being my first time, I already had an idea of what I wanted, since everyone at my internship eats there. So I knew what they had, but when I told her what I wanted she would either start to mess it up and I would repeat it again (always before she had a chance to put anything on it) and she acted exasperated that I wasn't just willing to take whatever she was about to put on it. Also, it was ok food, I won't rave about it but I didn't dislike it either. Better than some and for quick and convenient not bad. So I may try it again at another location, but definitely won't eat at that location again since I do not like being rushed to the point where I don't get what I want when ordering.
5	Love this place!!
1	6 pm Friday night- out of hard shells!!! Wtf? Worthless. I refused to order anything else.  We drove here specifically because we love chipotle, but have never been to this location. Never again!
3	Gas attach, Big burrito's worth the $
3	I was a big Chipotle fan but the Chicken has gone down hill.
3	It's Chipotle.  I mean what else can you say that hasn't already been said? This location is always busy no matter when you come, but the food is good (albeit it is getting expensive) and the service has been good. Just remember, get to this location early if you want to eat and be able to sit, otherwise you are out of luck!
5	Fast service as usual, and they are always nice. The food tastes great and the prices are very good for what you get.
5	Went to this location for lunch today! No complaints whatsoever! The music was loud for 11am but we are young and don't mind. The line was a little long but was quick. The portions seemed to be accurate according to other trips to chipotle. There was someone to promptly ring in our order and take our money. Restaurant was clean. Perfect lunch today!
4	I am always impressed by the chipotle chain. I came in around lunch time and there was a line to the door but I waited only 3 minutes (at most) to order. Customer service is still great even at the fast pace they are working at. Some of the food is a bit spicy for my taste but I love the barbacoa and guacamole!!
4	Great place to get food.... If you can find a parking spot. Stopped in for some late afternoon lunch at what is known as the MetroCenter location (even though technically it is just outside of 'Metro' off of 30th ave and Peoria). Even at around 3pm there was a nice little line there, though it moved quickly enough for me. This location stays pretty busy and there aren't many times when there isn't a line. The food? Fresh and good. They do a great job there and the quality was fine by my snobbish Chipotle standards, which I acquired over my many years of eating burrito bowls and epic-sized burritos and chips. Anyway, the atmosphere is also nice and they keep this location clean. They also stop by your table and ask you how everything is and if there is anything else you need (while your stuffing your face full of beans, rice and chicken), my answer is always a muffled "mmm, gweat" as I try not to appear rude but also not wishing to speaking with my mouth full. The parking? Not so great. It shares a lot with what seems like two other strip malls that are adjacent and sometimes parking can really be challenge of suburban proportions. I got lucky this last time but I've also have gotten frustrated before trying to get in a spot, fighting a Tahoe, and avoiding glares from 40 something year old women as I beeline to the Chipotle door trying not to look at them after out maneuvering them for a spot. This is really my only negative with this location. The parking isn't great. Other than that, I love the food, the staff, the atmosphere of the location, and getting one over on the suburban mom/professional parking lot navigator, who normally swipes my spot with four kids inside and offers only a heartless sunglass-laden glance as I try to find another parking spot with my head down after getting worked over by them.
1	I am an avid Chipotle-er and I have been disappointed with this location on four separate visits! Dirty, slow line. One time the pico de gallo was so spicy I could barely eat it (and I like spicy!). They opened 10 minutes late one day and I spent my lunch break waiting for the doors to open... had to leave to make it back to work before I even got to order. During another visit, I waited five minutes for the fajitas to be made (they were close to raw!) on a Saturday around dinner time and watched the two people on the line bicker and mis-communicate through orders. The line stretched to the door. I was told the guacamole would take 20 minutes to make. No offer was made to make up for these shortcomings.
5	When it comes to the quality of the food, all locations are the same... good. However, not all locations are equal in their level of service or consistency in product. This is by far the best location of the two other nearby. The people are friendly. We eat here often enough that many of the employees know it's and recognize us when we come in. They know what we order and are always pleasant. At most other locations you have to fuss at them to put more than five grains of five and two beans in your bowl, but not here. The only time they get a little stingy is when they are busy, so it is more out of being rushed than anything else. If you're coming for dinner you need to be here slightly before five or after seven. All other times there will be a considerable line.
1	Terrible service. Workers were rude, thought i was lying, nothing else to say. Won't be coming back to this location.
5	I work near this location come here a lot. I am a Chipotle addict so it's not hard to please me... But this location slangs out solid bowls every time I come. Not stingy on their ingredients and never have to wait too long.
1	I love Chipotle. However, I absolutely hate coming to this location. 1st: The parking is awful. There is never anywhere to park. 2nd: this location is so slow. The workers are more concerned about socializing, eating, or standing around. Just recently, I went during rush hour dinner time. When I was walking in, there were 2 workers on the patio talking about how they are going back to work late. Then as I'm standing in the huge line, I see 3 additional staff get in line. There was 2 people making the food and one person checking out. Those making the food were so slow and could care less about the line. 3rd: The staff is so rude. At all other locations, the staff greet you as soon as you enter and again as soon as you get up to order and again when checking out. At this location the staff say nothing. When you get up to order, they stair at you till you talk. When you ask for something, it's always done with eye rolls and moans. During the same visit as discussed before, there was a lady behind me with a little girl under 5. The lady and her little girl waited in line for over 20 minutes. Mom kept telling the daughter they had to get this for dad and couldn't leave. When she got up to order, she asked the girl for a kids meal to go. She asked for it to be put in a bowl because her girl couldn't have shells because she has a gluten allergy. The server began to fight with the lady refusing to put it in the bowl. Some guy came from the back, who I assume was a manager, and continued to fight with the lady. In the end, they made the lady pay for an adult bowl.  These staff members do not care about the customers or anything but themselves. This is the worst Chipotle ever. DO NOT GO HERE. The BEST Chipotle is only a few miles away on 59th Ave and Northern. Drive the few extra miles to this FABULOUS Chipotle!!
4	Not much more to say other than it's CHIPOTLE. Service is great good is amazing and nice and fast. Perfect for a great on to go meal. Always an easy decision when one is around that I can stop by.
3	For a Chipotle it's on par.  The food is ok but inconsistent in portion size.  I have been here multiple times and I rarely get a consistent amount of food even though I usually order the same thing.  They have online ordering which is nice, BUT, it is rarely ready when I go to pick it up.  You still save time because they will make it while you are standing there avoiding the stares from everyone in line who has to wait.  I wish they would expand the menu a bit to include some of the soup items like QDoba has.
1	Rude rude rude!We are looking for a smile with a great attitude.Didn't get at Chipotle at Metro center!!!!
2	Every time I order online to pick up lunch, the food is always cold (not just lukewarm - but COLD). They need to figure out some basic time management. When I go through the line the servers are usually pretty nice. I have noticed that the portions have decreased over the past 3 years.
4	My fave Chipotle location! This one gets pretty crowded so be wary.I always get bowl here whether it is steak or carnitas with everything on it! The workers here do a great job with portions and are so friendly! Price is a bit steep for essentially the contents of a burrito in a bowl, but the quality and freshness makes up for it. They serve alcohol and soda as well.Good, open seating indoors and a patio out front.
4	This is a pretty crowded location, but food is always good and fresh. I like the burrito bowls with fajitas, the fajitas are always so fresh and tasty. Like all Chipotles it is too loud to eat inside.
2	This place is just okay as now we are closer to this location, we do have to go here. But the service at this location is horrible. There is this old lady, who just keeps shouting and never able to understand the order properly. One day they had run out of beans altogether and we were just getting 1 kids meal to go, so there was no option but to take 2 boxes of rice. At the end while paying this old lady shouts at her co-worker looking rudely at me and says "Charge them for 1 extra rice" I said "why . you have ran out of beans, what is the other option I have. She then realized and had her foot in the mouth. She is always yelling, at the payment counter person, basically Indirectly  shouting at the customer "Charge them for this extra" this that... She is soo rude. Please train her on some soft skills.
1	This visit was awful here. The employee who didn't have a badge but was Asian screwed up the entire order. Was charged for guacamole which I didn't get the bowls were made wrong and the line was out the door. Customer service was awful. My chips and salsa was no there. Talk about a nightmare this is the worst location I've ever been to. I understand it's fast food but really I've had better service at food truck then this awful location.
