3	I've been taking my car to Showcase for service for a while. They seem to do a pretty good job. The staff is extremely friendly, and if you go online before your visit, there's almost always a coupon posted. My only complaint is their estimated time it'll take them to do the work. I go in for an oil change. They say it should only take an hour, it seems to always take at least an hour and a half. Make sure you have a good book or something (I usually go down the street to LA Fitness for a work out). Because if they find anything else wrong with your car it's going to be a long day.
2	I bought my Mazda 6 from showcase just over 2 years ago.  The salesperson was very friendly and low pressure.  But the finance guy went in for the kill and high pressured me into a extended warranty that he also misrepresented.  To this day, it's still not quite clear just whats covered and what's not covered.  Tire rotations are supposed to be covered, but I was charged today.When I went in today for a oil change and tire rotation, they offered a car wash (by hand not machine).  I accepted.  When I got the car back they reviewed what they found, tire condition, condition of the brakes etc.Because their facility is under renovation, it proved difficult to deliver my car to me, and for me to exit the facility.  So hastily departed the facility.It was'nt until I reached my house 20 miles away that I noticed how poorly the car was washed.I'm to the point that I will probably pay an express lube location next time and go to Coscto for tire rotations.  It's just not worth the drive.My maintenance rep is a great guy, he just works for a crappy dealer.
4	I don't know if I'm nuts, or Showcase just improved its customer service, but I have to give them big props for my last visit.  I had been sent a coupon for a $20 oil change sometime ago, and since it was expiring on Wednesday, I ran in Tuesday to take advantage (my car was only a little more than 100 miles short of needing a change, anyway).As usual, I was told it would only take about an hour.  90 minutes later, one of the service managers came over and found me.  Turns out I had a tear in my top engine mount.  The repair was covered by the warranty, so they fixed it for free.  And even better, since they never told me about it, and it took so long, they also comped the oil change!
3	What I can say about them so far is that they definitely wanted to sell a car and acted like it every step of the way, from the first time I stepped on to the lot, through the multiple test drives, while I was comparing their offer with another dealer's, while negotiating the price and my trade-in value, and right through the finance and delivery process. I feel I got a fair deal on the car I wanted and am not bitter towards everyone involved, unlike just about every time before when I've bought a new car.  So, new experience for me!I'll update when I start getting experience with their service department, whenever that is.
3	This review is being occasionally brought to you by Showcase Mazda service lobby wifi. Kinda. Because it took 20 minutes for it to work. But we seem to be okay now. Hopefully I can get through this.Now that I have that off my chest I have to say I'm confused. Why? Because, according to yelp, the Mazda dealership near 16th St & Camelback brands its service department under a completely different name. But I have never experience that in my contact with them or mailings I receive. It's always been Camelback Mazda. Alas, I am getting service, so I guess this is the company I need to file it under.After being here a few times, I have to say it's pretty much so-so. The first time I was here, I had an amazing experience with the service department. Iain was fantastic and told me what was up and showed me what was going on. I hate when mechanics and service staff just assume I'm gonna throw money at them without understanding the issue. It's crazy. He also gave me a loaner car when it was going to be longer than expected, which I truly appreciate. Granted it was a horrid orange Subaru wagon/SUV thing that was SO not my Mazda, but it worked.This time, I'm a little less optimistic. The time it took me to even get my car into service was a nightmare. I sat there while some typing was going on and questions were asked that should've been in my record and on my appointment (like WTF I'm getting done). Other Mazda dealerships I've been to have had that ready when I got there. I just review sign, and go hop to my coworking. The end. Get with it. It took 15 minutes for my car to even get back there. Maybe I should get here 20 minutes early next time. However, the lobby if you need to wait is fantastic. I always choose to sit and wait because it gives me time to catch up on things, like yelp reviews. There's a TV, some couches, high tables to sit and work at, wifi, popcorn, coffee, soda, and slushies. Oh and this great photo wall of people kayaking. I uploaded it so you don't miss out.Overall not too bad, but time will tell how consistent the check-in procedure is.
5	I first used these guys a year ago for an oil change on a used 2008 Mazda 5 I'd purchased elsewhere.   Well, that got me on their mailing list...which in this case was a good thing!Since then, then whole service department has been rebuilt and the Mazda/Subaru service is combined with the Subaru showroom.  A few weeks ago I'd received a notification that there was a recall on my power steering rack and would I please come in and have it fixed.  But, I also received a coupon in the mail from the dealership for a free oil change or a free loaner car with any service.  Since I really needed the transmission flushed it seemed like the right thing to do, especially as the power steering fluid was past due for changing as well anyhow.When I got there, Iain Wooley (one of the service reps) cheerily told me that he'd honor both coupons and BTW the oil change included a vehicle inspection.  When I picked up the car in the afternoon he told me that they'd found a broken hydraulic engine mount that had lost all it's oil, but since it was still just inside the powertrain warranty they'd taken the initiative to go ahead and replace it since they had the part in stock and already had the car up on the rack. Nice! My total cost was just 1 transmission flush that used Mazda synthetic fluid ($169)The total work: Transmission flush, power steering tack repair and flush, oil change (semi-synthetic valvoline), rental car and engine motor mount.I love warranties and responsible dealerships.  If you know exactly the services your car needs, then dealership service actually ends up costing less in the end than using Brake Masters or Meineke or any of the other generic chains because it just takes one visit to fix.
1	The customer representative at this location needs to learn how to deal with their customers. The person with whom I dealt was Stefanie and she has no idea about what is meant by customer satisfaction or service. once the car is sold to you, you are no longer an important person to them. There is only one guy in the whole dealership that I found is very nice. His name is Iain. Thats it. Thats the only good thing about this place. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay away from here....
1	We're buying a new car as a graduation present for our daughter, and are considering several small suvs.  We stopped by to look at the CX-5 and Outback.  The salesman seemed bored and disinterested in us.  Did you not want to deal with women?  Did you think we couldn't afford a new car?  This was a month ago.  Nissan and Toyota have been bombarding us with phone calls and emails. We've been trying to talk our daughter out of the Nissan Rogue.  Honda offered us a CRV at the Edmunds price (we didn't get it, my daughter said the screen was so far up front she couldn't see it).  Consumer reports gave the Mazda a good score.  I've read 2 glowing reviews in the last 2 days about the improvements with the 2014 model:  I'm sold!!  We'll be driving over to Avondale or Tempe to buy.
1	I never thought I would come back to this Mazda service shop after they gave me an exorbitant quote for some minimal repairs a few years ago. This time they gave me another quote which was even more ridiculous than the last time. I left. I went to an auto parts store across town, spoke with their staff and purchased a part that the cashier even helped me install. Total repairs cost me around $100 (new battery), rather than $5000 (new transmission). If your car needs repairs, go anywhere else.
1	OMG never shop or buy a car from camelback Mazda! They are The WORST. I love my car but I HATE this place!!! I had an awful experience with our sales person, it was great at first but after we were near the end it started getting real shady. I now bring my car in for what I was told was "free oil changes, tire rotations, car washes, details every 6 months for my loan term" and it's all been added into my monthly payment - However, I come to find out that in addition to what i pay every month I have to always pay extra when i come in for these "free services"! I always leave unhappy and extremely frustrated! These people are low class idiots. Never ever buy a car here. There are so many car dealerships in Arizona- whatever you do avoid this one like the plague if you know what's good for you!
1	To say this is a shady dealership would be a complete understatement. I would highly advise against anyone considering buying a new car from this dealer. Don't waste your time, buyer beware!
1	I was looking to buy a brand new Mazda 3 from this dealer, worst experience ever. To say this is a shady dealer would be a complete understatement. I would highly discourage anyone from considering purchasing a new car from this dealer. Don't waste your time, buyer beware!
1	I spotted a used Ford pickup 4WD I was interested in on the dealers website. I went in and test drove the truck the first time and then negotiated a price which was agreed by both parties. I then had my mechanic check out the truck and everything looked good. On the test drive back I test operated the four wheel drive and found there was a problem.I got back to the dealership and told them about the problem but was still all in at the price we discussed pending necessary repairs to ensure the 4WD was working properly. They sent it to be repaired and were to call me when the repairs were finished so that I could then purchase and pick up the truck. I kept in contact with Adam West almost daily regarding the repair. On my final call to see if the truck was finished and at the dealership and to pay for the truck, Adam informed me that the truck had been sold.I told him that we had a verbal contract and wanted to know what happened. He was apologetic, but did not know how it had been sold. I was furious. Five minutes after our conversation ended I received a call from a manager. Basically, he told me that there are no verbal contracts in used car sales. He also said that I should have put a deposit down to hold the truck. I told him I would have gladly done so if Adam or Billy (another manager I had talked to) told me that that would be necessary to hold the vehicle. This is a new low for used car salesmen. I am a businessman in the community and would never consider doing business like this. I wouldn't send my worst enemy to buy a vehicle from this sleazy dealership or any others that they operate. -Jeff C.
1	Do not trust these people. In particular stay away from Bobby Henningsen and Jeremy Jenkins on the Mazda side.These two men lied to my wife and I regarding a dealer trade that fell through, and have yet to take responsibility for it, returned calls, or apologize. All lies.This is a lengthy story but in essence they faked as if they were trading with another valley dealer for a Golf we wanted (in a unique color), then claimed that the other dealer turned them down. They fabricated the whole story and we caught them in it. Scammers. Since the incident we've called Jeremy twice (he literally hung up on me the first time) and has since to return our call.Needless to say, we went elsewhere (the fantastic Lunde's Peoria VW). Stay away from Camelback. I've filed complaints with the Better Business Bureau and others to alert other shoppers too. I have to say, we normally don't do much of this kind of thing, but flat out lying to our faces is unacceptable.
1	We took our Mazda for a simple oil change on Sat. 2/1/14.  They called saying the brakes were in need of replacing, which seemed odd since brand new brakes were put on the vehicle 5 months earlier and had less than 4,000 miles on them.  We picked up the car, only to discover the stereo no longer worked.  Again this was odd since a battery never has to be disconnected during any oil change I've ever had done in 43 years anywhere.  We took the vehicle back and were told it was a "blown fuse."  I asked to see where on the receipt the "blown fuse" was noted and the repairman Iain Woolley stated he "could not put it in writing without charging you" which seemed odd since he just supposedly "replaced it."  He then tried to blame it on an "aftermarket alarm" system.  Unfortunately for Mr. Woolley, this was actually a Mazda alarm system installed by the Phoenix Mazda new car dealership before the car was ever driven off the lot.I told them before complaining to Mazda's corporate headquarters, writing a Yelp review, and filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau, they could avoid all this by just admitting they made a mistake in reconnecting a battery which never should have been disconnected in the first place.  Mr.  Woolley refused to admit his error, hence the complaint I just filed with the Better Business Bureau and Mazda's North American headquarters against this awful dealership.As a side note, we took the car to Just Brakes immediately after and showed them Mazda's receipt with the brakes in "red" and needing replacement.  Since Just Brakes had put brand new brakes on just 5 months earlier, they thought it odd too and put the car on their lift, took the tires off and... the brakes are still brand new!!!  Mazda completely lied!  Having replaced more than a few brakes myself over the years I was quite happy with how well they are holding up and agreed with the tech that they have at least another 20,000+ miles before even thinking of replacing them.Stay far, far away from this Mazda dealership.  They are shady and should be shut down immediately.  The only reason we didn't go to the Mazda on Bell was that they were full for a Sat. oil change, now I can see why after dealing with Camelback.  Please Arizona Attorney General, fine this establishment or even better, shut them down for good today!
5	Great service for sales and car care! Come see for yourself. Ask for Ruben Mendez and get a free car wash.
1	AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST! I went into purchase a car and they took me out in a vehicle that was marked as not safe by the service department. After that tried to get me into a car hat was $5,000 over the price I told them I wanted to stay in. After spending 16 hrs at the dealership to purchase a car they finally got it done. 2 months later the finance department still had not gotten their act together to get it financed. I have been screamed at by many of the people there including the General Manager Dany that got in my face screaming and yelling and cursing right and left at me. I finally told them since they did not hold up their end of the deal getting the financing done, they can have the car back. They then made me walk to some where to have my wife pic me up! Take it from me avoid this place!
1	I agree with Ken B. I actually had been coming here for years. Thought they were fair and I like that they looked over my car. I just went there again for an oil change. When I dropped the car off I told Wooley about my wiper spray didn't go on my window so he sprayed it and it went in my face, then he said sorry and did it again!! He really wasn't sorry nor did he offer a towel or anything. I went to pick up the car,  I had a coupon for $29.99 which actually was $37.00 with tax and other fees. FIne I paid it saw the checked everything in green as if it was all OK, so I drove off. I get a call from my boyfriend who drove me there and informed me that my brake light was out! They hadn't checked anything on my car. I don't even know if the changed my oil. I will never go back. I suggest you don't either.
1	I went in for a test drive a couple of weeks ago.  I told the guy he could call me twice, and if he called a third time I would go elsewhere to buy a car.  He has called at least 18 times. Yes, I counted.  Why didn't I do like I did years ago in bars and give a fake number?Because of this experience and my previous experience with Showcase Honda, I am going to go out of my way (far, far out of my way) to avoid buying from any of the Van Tuyl Group owned dealership.  I printed out the list of dealers from their website and even if I am right in front of a Van Tuyl dealership - I won't go there for a test drive.Edit:  Make that...19 phone calls. Ha ha ha.  I wonder how long this will go on.
5	My son was buying his first new car and we ended up at Camelback Mazda. Our salesman was Todd Mitteness, and he was really great.   Helpful and very nice. Sales manager Richard Lucciano was great also. He just cut to the chase and between them we got the deal we were happy with and it didn't take forever to get out of there :-)
5	I had a wonderful experience with the team at Camelback Mazda. Both Joe & Rich (the managers) took great care of me. Car buying for me is normally a very stressful experience, but not with Joe & Rich. They treated us with respect, patience, and kindness. I will recommend the great experience as well as purchasing future vehicles from the fine sales people at Camelback Mazda. Thank you so much.
1	I took my Mazda here for the service department to diagnose a clunking noise I had been hearing for a few days. I do my own car work, so they knew that they wouldn't be repairing my car.The service associate (didn't catch his name) didn't even take my car over a speed bump like I specifically asked. He just opened the hood and looked around for about 3 minutes, and then told me that 'nothing appeared wrong, but would have to hook up a computer to it to find the problem and that would cost me $125.' I asked a second time for him to take it over a speed bump, and he said it 'doesn't make sense to do that.'I left and went down the street to Martin's Auto Repair on 16th St and Indian School. The mechanic had me drive him over on speed bump, he heard the noise, and immediately had an idea of what was wrong. He lifted my car when we got back to the shop, and found a loose bolt on my front passenger strut. All that required was a tightening.I'm appalled that Mazda tried to charge me $125 to use a computer that wouldn't have found the problem in the first place. I guess because he knew the dealership wouldn't get my money from the repair, so he had to get every penny he could out of the diagnosis. Here's some advice for Mazda: Listen to your customers. They might not know every little thing about cars, but they deserve to be taken seriously and not brushed off like I was.
5	My son was buying his first new car and we ended up at Camelback Mazda. Our salesman was Todd Mitteniss, and he was really great.   Helpful and very nice. Sales manager Richard Lucciano was also great to work with. He just cut to the chase, and between them we got the deal we were happy with and it didn't take forever to get out of there :-)
