4	I admit, this place can be hit-or-miss when it comes to dining, but I love it and so will you.  Open for lunch, grab a sandwich and soup, a choice of vegetarian entrees and coffee.  The Krishnas put on a Monday night meal, all you can eat for $5.  Very peaceful and cooperative, and spiritually and gastronomically healthy.
4	OK, I'll admit it- I generally detest vegetables, so the idea of a vegan restaurant did not initially appeal to me. However, thanks to the Red Herring, I have been converted to the veggie cause. The Red Herring is staffed by dedicated volunteers and generally these are people quite knowledgeable in the ways to making vegetables delectable. It's a small place, nothing fancy, but it's quite nice for a non-for-profit establishment. On a cold day there I always like to get their $3.00 bowl of vegetable soup with corn bread. The soups, like the entrees and desserts, vary each day. Some days might be better or worse than others, but I can usually find something I like. The corn bread is the wonderful constant in this equation. It's soft and melts in your mouth. Besides the cornbread, the next best thing is the ingredients. They use lots of local and organic products.Even if you are not exactly crunchy and you like your red meat, I suggest trying The Red Herring. Hopefully you'll be pleasantly surprised.P.S. They are now serving dinner.
4	This is the kind of place you want to support, you want to see survive.While I was living in CU, it closed down a few times, but always came back to life.It has been said the food is hit or miss - I agree. But I think more times than not - it is delicious and filling.I always did my best to try something new and was usually left feeling warm and satisfied.
5	I love the daily specials- I eat here every time I can (which isn't often because they are only open for weekday lunches I think). Such delicious food and definitely a worthwhile place to give my $5 for lunch too.
5	So I'm not really a vegetarian, but I like to be a poser, I ate at Field of Greens while in the dorms and I eat here when I actually have my lunch hour free on campus.  Sure a lot of people have said this can be hit or miss, but I find the hummus sandwiches to be excellent every time.  They always have fresh veggies on them and have a lot of flavor, plus the homemade wheat bread is awesome.  The sweet potato and corn chowder is quite good as well.  Alas I still haven't been able to try the cornbread, it seems they always run out within the two people ordering in front of me, so get there early if you can.  The coffee isn't outstanding, for that  I would walk down the street to Espresso. Great place to support and cheap eats, I usually spend no more than $6.  Basically you should go if you are on campus for lunch and want a healthy alternative to chains on green st.
4	On an icy winter's day, Red Herring soup melts my insides. I'll reject red meat any day for it. Their soup menu changes daily... and everyday it's made fresh by volunteers. So - if you're low on cash, you can work here in exchange for food. Not too shabby!I have heard rave reviews about the Krishna dinner... and damn! I forget almost every Monday. But how could the reviews be wrong? Five bucks for an all you can eat, organic, home cooked meal? Damn straight!
5	If there is one thing I mass about ol' Chambana - it's Red Herring. This place is just so wonderful. Where do I start?My typical memory of it would be walking in on a blisteringly cold day. I'd be greeted by steamy warm, earthy air. My glasses would fog up and I'd go blind for a moment. Once the fog disappeared I'd be greeted with a wide variety of the community - from the still thinks-it's-the-70s hippie to the like-oh-my-god-check-out-my-North-Face-fleece! sorority girl - everybody is represented. Definitely more hippies than greeks - but yeah. I suppose I fall in the middle there and never felt out of place.The place is staffed mostly by volunteers who as I recall get paid with a meal for a certain amount of work. Go there for a little while and you'll quickly get to know the staff - they're all great.So next it's time to order. They have their daily menu listed and it's always different. Prices are not bad - $5-8 will get you a full meal as I recall.So the food - I have yet to buy something here that wasn't fantastic. Maybe I'm easy to please (as some of the other reviewers would make one think) - but geeze - it's all so great! There is a clear stand out though - the BBQ tempeh sandwich. I've tried to recreate this item at home (since I now live halfway across the country!) but I just can't get it as good as Red Herring did.I've taken many people here - from red blooded meat lovers to normal folk and everybody else - and I have yet to hear a complaint. Fantastic place - highly recommended!
4	All I want is for this place to do well.  It deserves it.Basically, if you survive the terrifyingly steep steps downstairs, you'll enter what appears to be a speakeasy beneath the Unitarian Center.  And by speakeasy, I don't mean Prohibition Chicago era hideouts for liquor runners, I mean a Vegetarian Speakeasy for hippies--the best kind of speakeasy. :)The decor is eclectic and homemmade.  It basically looks like a co-op and is inhabited by the usual college town cast of characters: hipsters, professors, crunchy folk, punkers, and any person who likes great food.I enjoyed my butternut squash bisque soup and was disappointed that they were out of cornbread today--Keep that in mind and come relatively early to avoid having them run out of foodage.  Otherwise, you should enjoy.Go and at least check out this awesome local community spot that really seems to care about the area around it.  Good call. :)One note, they only take cash, much like the Y-Thai.  But really, if you're eating on campus, you should spend your money on places like Y-Thai or Red Herring rather than the soulless, corporate eateries lining Green Street in CampusTown.And there's free wifi.  Hot damn.
3	The ambience here is somewhat lacking, but the menu features eclectic options and eco-conscious choices. The food was tasty, but sat a bit heavy for me. Large portions and decent prices make this a worthwhile place, but with room for improvement.
3	I REALLY want to like this place.  On paper it sounds amazing, super healthy vegan/vegetarian food.  Lots of organic, free trade type stuff.Unfortunately it usually fails to impress.  The dishes usually bland and uninteresting (mostly stews and vegan imitations of american and western european meat dishes that most meat eaters don't even like that much, like beef stroganoff for example).   On top of that I made the trip out there on four separate occasions only to find the place was closed with a note on the door saying "Sorry we are too tired to cook today.  Here's a recipe if you want to make your own dinner."  WTF.  I know this place is a non-profit but they seem to reject the notion that a business should strive to please their customers if they expect to survive.  Of course only greedy capitalists care about such things..
4	NEW MANAGEMENT ALERT!  The Red Herring is a local institution but the quality changes dramatically as the place has passed through many hands.  I recall with some fear the staff of years past: one cashier enjoyed candidly sharing with me stories of their disagreements with the health department.  (This was as I ordered food.)  But that has changed.  The new manager is reportedly the same person who originally opened the place in the 1970s (says the cashier).  As a regular visitor for seven years, I found the effect striking.The food was good!  Not just a passable alternative option as Mimi N. wrote, or something that vegetarians must eat out of desperation after they tire of green salad and fruit plate from the local chains.  The red herring is not the only option for those with a lentil craving anymore.  It is a place that you might actually go to for the food -- food that is actually good.  It didn't taste like the Red Herring I know at all; it tasted a lot better.I had the corn chowder and the ingredients were obviously carefully selected and very fresh.  The kernels had a crisp, sweet bite.  The toasted mozzarella sandwich was also a treat with good quality cheese and fresh bread.Unfortunately, while change is good in this case, I did notice the portion sizes have declined dramatically.  Maybe they are still working this out?  (I hope.)I spent $7 for a half sandwich and cup of soup, and almost immediately I found that I had to go out to a second lunch.  It was the smallest half sandwich I have ever been seriously offered and charged for.  At first I mistook it for a sample or a scrap trimmed from someone else's sandwich.  I would have preferred a bowl of soup but this tiny cup size was the only choice.  $7 for a sandwich trimming and a tiny cup of soup is a little steep around here.So enjoy the food but don't order half of anything -- the result will be too small.  Rest assured that the crunchy atmosphere you love is still there... but cleaner.  The staff still seems to be the kind of staff that will say "Peace out!" after you complete your order and will lend you money if you are short.Peace out!
4	I eat here at least twice a week.  And the portion size problem has straightened out, in fact I got a roasted beet, shallot, and bean salad that covered a large soup plate, mounded up--that's the weird marriage of massive midwestern portions and the veggie hippie sensibility, I guess.  They were also playing Journey and the Steve Miller band, which along with the hippie food reminded me of high school days.
4	5 buck karma-free Monday night dinner?  Gotta give that a shout out.  Anyplace that satisfies my evening grubbin' needs that cheaply can make the whole day seem even better.Down the steep stairs and into the warm scent of good hippie eats.  You get in line, toss your fiver in a basket, and are given large portions of whatever they cooked up.Tonight was rice, veggies with Indian flavors, kick-ass lentil soup, and a brownie.  Drinks cost extra, water is free with dinner.  You can eat as much food as can be shoveled down.The atmosphere is like a laid-back commune, with a smattering of all campus types.  Punk, hippie, geek, frat/soror, etc.  It's a really friendly place with a community-building-is-awesome vibe.My friends who've been in town awhile say it can be a tad hit or miss.  Tonight was for the win, fo' sho'.  Another tip I was given is to bring a Tupperware.  If you accidentally get more seconds than you can eat, you'll be able to have some noms for lunch the next day.  Or, ya know, snacking on the way home.  It might be a little less karma free that way, though...
2	Used to be quite good. Sadly I could not eat more than a few bites of my "spinach pesto" which was made of mashed up spinach rather than basil and had no flavor. Even the cornbread was bad. on the upside when I returned it uneaten they insisted on giving me some chili for free. Unfortunately that wasn't good either but I ate it because I was starving.
5	Let me start by saying that I really like this place. Until just recently, I've only been here for lunch (which never disappoints). Having just gone to my first Monday night krishna buffet, I am in total awe. The food was unbelievably tasty, cheap, and there was an overall jolly atmosphere going around.If I could take off a half-point, I'd only do so for the times that I'm not carrying any cash on me. Besides that, I love this place.
5	Fantastic bbq seitan sandwich. Even better than the one offered @ clover in cambridge, ma!
4	hippies are weird. but one thing they do well is make vegetables taste good. i've enjoyed everything i've had here and it's a great atmosphere to relax during a busy day.
4	Have I mentioned that it's great to have a real vegetarian restaurant in C-U?? We go to the Red Herring at least once a week for lunch. It's easy to get to, the food is good (though it can be a bit hit or miss depending on the cooks who are on call during the semester), the atmosphere is fun and relaxed, and the portions are perfect. If you haven't checked it out, you should. If you haven't been back in awhile: go!
4	I am not vegan or vegetarian but my friend is so I went with him and thought I would try it. I had the BBQ seitan and for someone who doesn't eat that type of thing normally it was actually pretty good. It had the look, feel, and taste of bbq pork. I also had a side salad that had a yummy herb vingearatte. I don't think I would go back again because I like my meat but it was definitely tasty and if you are looking for a vegetarian type of place definitely go check it out!!
4	I am a former vegetarian working nearby, but was scared to come here.  On a previous visit, a friend and I left because of the crowd, which I know now was probably a buffet night.I'm glad I finally got over it and gave it a try, because that was some of the best falafel I've ever had.  I also had the curry soup, which was very flavorful and seasoned just right.  A half falafel "sandwich" (which includes popcorn and a dill spear), cup of soup du jour, and a cookie cost me roughly $7.  They also have a water cooler with a stack of non-disposable cups.
5	Oh, Red Herring!  Be still my heart.  I loved this place before I ever considered eating vegan, and it's been a haven for me since then.  The specials never fail to delight, so much so that I went six months never trying a regular menu item because I was so entranced by the daily specials.  The BBQ seitan is outta control good--so fantastic that I find myself picking up the escaping pieces of seitan with my fingers and then licking the sauce off.  The falafel is phenomenal as well.  Meat-eaters, have no fear.  I've brought many a devout omnivore to Red Herring, and they've raved about their eats as well.  The chef does a fantastic job of dreaming up dishes that are flavorful and filling (and still pretty damn cheap).  I find the whole sandwich fills me up nicely for $5, and the specials are always a meal-and-a-half for a bit more.I'm sad they weren't able to keep dinner service going, but I've got my fingers crossed they'll revisit that another time.  Red Herring, thank you for satisfying my stomach, making sure this mostly vegan gal never feels frustrated grabbing a lunch out, and helping me feel completely guiltless about eating out.
3	We were actually brought here by Annie W. during our visit to UIUC. (Not sure if you can tell, she's a big fan!)I ordered half a hummus pita with a garden salad on the side. I actually liked the hummus, although I don't eat hummus as much as I'd like to. There were lots of fresh veggies in there, although the distribution through my little pita pocket was a bit awkward. (Chock full o' hummus on one side, lots of veggies on the other.) I ordered the salad with the sesame tahini, but I wasn't a huge fan of the tahini. I don't eat tahini often, though, so maybe I'm just not a tahini person? (The vinaigrette would've complemented the meal better.) The meal was served with some plain popcorn.I found my meal okay, but I would definitely be cautious to omnivores (and especially carnivores xD). Many of the people I was eating with were pretty dissatisfied with the flavors in their food? Even the little bottle of hot sauce (I think it was a kind of salsa?) wasn't really doing much to quench their hunger. I'm a bit more used to vegetarian food, but if your friends aren't used to vegetarian food, this is probably not the place to try to introduce them to it.I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, but again, it can come off as "weird" and "hippie-ish" for people who aren't used to it. We had a guy playing BOTH the guitar and the xylophone up front and, not going to lie, he was reinforcing the stereotype of "hippie-ish" in this restaurant with his look a wee bit, according to some of my lunchmates.But I liked it. There was a little station for you to fill up on water, iced tea, or hot tea, cane sugar, organic teas... considering that you're not paying a whole lot, I thought that you got a pretty great deal, ESPECIALLY if you are a vegetarian or a vegan, you know? However, if you're bringing a friend who has never heard of seitan and doesn't really like that organic feel, then this is the wrong place to bring him/her. If you're into that, though, this is an AWESOME place. Even the back of the bathroom door contributed to the overall feel of this restaurant that I had to descend into. It is very much like a co-op (if you've been to one before), but I'll admit, not everyone is going to love it. I personally liked it, though.
2	I really wanted to like this place, being both vegetarian and right next to my building.  After several visits though, I had to concede that it just isn't that good.  Tables are constantly dirty.  Food is inconsistent, too expensive for the quality and portion size, and generally not very tasty.The employees are in a constant state of confusion, seemingly overwhelmed by the trickle of customers during the lunchtime "rush".  The ordering process is inefficient, with very little thought put into organization of the process.Basically, this place has all of the drawbacks of a small, quirky cafe, with virtually none of the payoff.  I am currently at the restaurant again, having given in to proximity over quality, and I am regretting it.
5	I'm a carnivore, but this place is so delicious. It might be one of the only places to get real, non-greasy food around campus. It always makes me feel satisfied for several hours, whereas other places you feel hungry about an hour later.Om nom nom! Try a cup of chili with brown rice + veggies.Furthermore on fridays they have a really sweet band playing, today there was a guitar, banjo, and a double-bass. Awesome.
4	After living in the area for many years, I finally got a chance to try The Red Herring. I took my wife to lunch on a Friday afternoon. Service was friendly and questions were answered politely.I had the Dragon Bowl special, which was very good. I only wish that I had ordered the full portion instead of the half portion. My wife ordered a tofu dish (not sure exactly which one) which was excellent. She also wished that she had ordered the full portion.The prices were fair and we had a good first experience here. We will return.
5	Awesome staffAmazing Vegetarian lunchesLots of seatingSocially Conscious businessLove this place!
4	This place can be hit or miss depending on who is cooking. . , , but when it's good it's very good! Plus, what a treat to have a veggie restaurant in town! Sweet! Atmosphere is great and they have free wifi. Check them out! If you are not crazy about their specials, try their standards: BBQ seitan, tofu dill, falafel salad. I'm hungry just thinking about it!
4	Had the weekly stew. Foods are okay. The corn bread was hard. I don't like it. But seemed the corn bread is the only dessert they have. Furniture is classic and mixed. Thought they collected the furniture from various places. A nice place to have a rest.
4	This is probably one of the few places on campus I can depend on to get food that won't lead to a grease coma. The food tastes fresh and healthy. The downside may be that the portions are a little small compared to other restaurants for the same price. I would recommend the chili with a cornbread muffin.
5	It is so nice to have a vegan restaurant in CU. I see another is opening and claiming to be the first. Well The Red Herring was first a long time ago and it is great. The variety of flavors offered makes it a place you can return to often. The atmosphere is, well, laid back and comfy. Nice in the middle of a frenetic day. The staff is always friendly and welcoming and they know their dishes enough to make great recommendations. In short, whether you are vegan or not you should visit The Red Herring and enjoy a great lunch served with a smile in a place that begs for a good book or a good friend to join you. Try it. You'll like it.
5	I'm not a vegetarian but I love this place. One of the few, possibly only places on campus to get a real-food meal made with fresh, unprocessed ingredients. Alot of their ingredients are sourced locally. I started out going here for lunch on occasion but lately I have been going to their vegan fusion dinners.
5	I used to go to Red Herring at least once/twice a week during my undergrad years.In my opinion, the best lunch option near campus, and never as packed as some of the shittier places nearby.  Soup and sandwiches were always great, and the entrees were good too.  I could never convince my friends to come with me, because they were idiots.The food definitely fluctuated in terms of taste/quality depending on who was working that day. I still remember a specific dish I had back in '05 that still ranks among the top 10 things I have ever eaten. Unfortunately, by comparison, nothing else from there ever lived up to that one dish, even though it was always excellent.
4	I loved this place. The atmosphere is lovely and relaxed and so is the food. I've been meaning to come here for quite some time, but the hours that they are open never match up with when I have wanted to go. The hours are pretty random and short but it is worth planning a trip. The food is very good and very fresh, it is a little pricey for the portion size, which is pretty small, but it was worth it. I would recommend for any vegans, vegetarians, ethnic cuisine lovers, or just healthy eaters!
5	I had lunch here for the first time yesterday. I had the falafel salad and the soup of the day, I think it was called Samosa. Both things were excellent, Im probably going back today for their fusion meal.SO GLAD I FOUND THIS PLACE! No better way to spend $10 for lunch!
3	Very hit or miss at this place. I've never had anything that is *bad* but I've also never eaten anything here that really blew me away. I did enjoy the vegan/vegetarian chili that I had there a couple of times. Definitely not a must eat though.
3	The food is bland and the portions meager, but as the only dedicated vegetarian restaurant on campus, Red Herring gets stars for being cool. Surface over substance.
5	This place is awesome!!!  Great food, cool staff, and nice vibe!Check out their promotional videohttp://youtu.be/LnwD6-MrPVA?list=UUEw_IaiW99awoL9KzYGmfKg
