4	We really are enjoying our new apartment at Pinnacle Terrace.  Found it by using Rent.com.  It is a great location with easy access to Hwy 101, close to the south loop of the 202 and not far from the US 60.  Chandler Fashion Square is 5 minutes away.  The apartments are located in a residential area, allowing extra walking time with our dog.  They are pet friendly, though the $300 non-refundable deposit is a little hefty.  Their weakest link is their customer service.  We were not e-mailed our lease until 6:00 pm the day before we were to move in. even though we met with them two weeks earlier.  They do offer to paint one wall at no cost from their selection of colors, but didn't tell us we had to contact their service department to schedule it.  In fact, everything that was on our move-in checklist they required that we contact their service department. The grounds are well-cared for and the residents are a good mix of age groups.  There is plenty of parking; gated community.  Our 1 bedroom unit is spacious and has a wonderful large patio.  Overall, I would recommend this complex to anyone looking to live in a nice complex with great amenities!
4	We have been here almost a year and still greatly enjoy our complex.  Even though we are close to the freeway, there is very little freeway noise.  The tenants we have met our friendly and still a mix of age groups.Our patio has been a wonderful asset and we have enjoyed it greatly.We have had no need to contact the rental office for any services, as we can call or go online to request a service. Their maintenance people are very attentive  & responsive.
3	Update - Paying over 800/mo for a 1bd/1ba apt is excessive in this market. Unfortunately our rent is increasing 8.9% if we want to stay.    They said they are losing a lot of tenants because of the increase.  Seriously considering a  2 bedroom/2 ba place elsewhere at those rates.
3	This place is okay. The neighborhood is really nice, clean, and we love Chandler. We've been living here since 8/2011 - present and just resigned our lease. I agree the prices are getting a bit pricey as we're in a 1bed/1bath paying $820 a month but honestly life is so busy for us right now we don't have the time nor the energy to move. Next year we will for sure. Anyhow the grounds are kept us nicely, the maintenance guy is super friendly and fixes things quickly and its fixed the first time. The office staff is...okay. Most of the sales staff is nice but the manager is kind of rude but whatever, we never see her anyhow. They claim they have a dog park, no they don't. THERE IS NO DOG PARK, so don't be fooled. The beautiful front area by the pool is not fully blocked off and therefore not a dog park because your dogs can easily leave the area. The little "closet" in the back of the complex is smaller then my bathroom and has dangerous pipes sticking out of the ground with a gate my dogs could jump over. Its surrounded by a big wall and there is no grass. It's pointless. Like I said we'll live here one more year and then we'll be moving.
1	I am writing this on behalf of a friend of mine who got robbed here two days ago. She was set up with renter's insurance through State Farm and they told her that she had to go through THEIR renter's insurance as well. (without explaining why) She cancelled her State Farm insurance and got robbed and apparently the apartment's insurance only covers liability. So now she cannot claim on her losses.Additionally, she has waited two days for someone to repair her door, which is currently being kept "shut" with a piece of plywood. Anyone can come over and kick the door in without issue. To further her distress, the apartment company offered to move her to any one of their other locations...at an increased renters fee of over $300 more a month! Talk about horrible customer service. She is currently looking for a new place of residence. DO NOT RENT FROM BRE HOMES OR THIS APARTMENT COMPLEX.DDR
1	Since the new management company took over, Pinnacle Terrace has been on a quick decline.  For the last three months, despite three tickets and two calls to the office, they are unwilling or unable to fix lights in the common areas.  As a result, we often have to walk from the parking lot to our apartment in the dark.  I'm ok with this for myself but hate it for my wife.  We just got a renewal notice and they want to increase our rent over $40 a month if we renew.  At those prices I can live in Scottsdale.  Now I know why I see so many empty units and moving trucks with people LEAVING.  The new management company is much worse than BRE.  We are moving!
2	I wish I had read the reviews before I moved here.  This place is bug infested, outdated and poorly run.  Management blows you off about everything and anything and the residence sit out at the pool talking about how horrible it is. I've been here about a month and am considering giving my 60 days notice to break my lease. I was told units were going quickly and they couldn't hold an apartment for more than 7 days so I signed early and paid for part of June when I didn't even move in until July.  The first payment I made was via check and it supposedly did not go through, but when I checked my bank account there was no issues.  I started thinking maybe I used an old check that was no good but they couldn't provide me with the check when I asked for it. Then they left a letter outside the front door that I found on the floor (it was an eviction notice with a $90 in fees!) That check was for part of June and I even paid July rent without notification of the check from June not clearing. They charged me for notifying me 4 times! Never once did I get notified and dropping a letter near the front door is hardly notification! You would think if the check in June didn't clear they would let you know when you pay July's rent! There is septic crap growing algae behind the apartment that attracts mosquitos and wasps and management has not done anything to try to clean it up. In fact they blow leaves on top of it to cover it up!  There was 6 wasps nest in the storage room and patio when I moved in! Wasps fly into my apartment It's scaryThey do have a cool media center that my kids like and Greg in the office is a sweet guy, but other than that I don't have anything nice to say about this place and you should heed the reviews and think twice before moving here.
1	Whatever you do when you move out of this dump:Get a signed ack of your 30 day move out notice. These crooks will lose it and charge you for not giving notice. Send everything to them with delivery and sig confirmation.  They will lie, cheat, and steal from youGet a signed move out inspection form. These b@stards will charge you ridiculous fees if you don'tDon't trust them. I nearly had to take them to court to remove a 1400 "fee" from my final bill. The worst management company ever. They truly don't give a sh1t about you.
1	Things have gone down hill...I used to LOVE living here!  It now takes at least 2 weeks to get anything fixed!  I'm on day 17 of NO disposal!  They used to fix things in 1 -2 days...not anymore.
1	Love the location and the amenities but the shit doesn't work. The pool is outdated and needs to be cleaned better. The hot tubs don't work properly and they need to be cleaned more frequently.  We moved in 2 weeks ago and still waiting for stuff to be replaced that was broke when we moved in. Our fridge leaks drips all over our food and ruins it, dishwasher needs to be replaced, washer has a funky smell, and microwave needs to be replaced.  Oh and I almost forgot.... Our water heater was considered a safety issue and the gas company wouldn't turn on our hot water heater because of it. And we told management and the maintenance men didn't fix it up to code,  they did a half ass job! Thank you Pinnacle Terrace for providing me and my family a safe home!!!!
1	Turns out the bug infested part was BED BUGS by the way!  Yes that's right BED BUGS!
