1	Well I am not a fan of sprint to start of just customer service is not a big part of there picture.  :(
1	Bad experience here.  Not that I've ever had a good experience with any cell phone company...But seriously - I bought 2 new phones online during a black Friday deal - advertised as 'no activation fee'.  Due to a horrendous online experience trying to get the 'deal', i wasn't able to actually buy the phones, but I could reserved them.  When the phones finally came in to the store, they honored the sale price, but would not honor the 'no activation' promotion.  He was aware of the promotion, just wouldn't give it to me due to the fact that I 'reserved' the phones instead of 'buying' them.    He was aware that the online store wouldn't allow me to 'buy' them.   Not a fan.
1	BAD - BAD - BAD - SHAME ON SPRINT... I am a Verizon & I will stay where I am at. But my husband went SPRINT LAst January 2012 - I coaxed him into .. trying help somebody (won't say who) with comission - promised me & Mike that everything would be taken of through him.. I told Mike About this. So Mike went down & got his New Contract & New Samsung Touch & he was Xcited - @ this time the consultant was very helpful - Mike paid everything up front $400.00. Will he also put the phone insurance on it. Mike drives a truck for a living - very busy.Mike hooked everything to blue tooth at this he was happy. 3 months later the battery to his Samsung started not working properly - so I told Busy Mike to take back to Sprint & have them get him a new phone since its less then 90 days old. WIll R. told him that Mike would have to pay a deductible $100 in order to get the exchange. I told Busy Mike lets go home & call 800 line. They told Busy Mike - No Deductible is required since it was less then 90 days old. We went back to the SPrint Store & R. order Busy Mike a new phone & confirmed no deductible - will new phone came Busy Mike & I went back to the SPrint Store to have it rea ctivate etc. we left - Busy Mike was Happy. BUsy Mike found out that Sprint Charged $200 on his credit card - which was $100 deducible & then the monthly payment - so we went to Sprint to talk to consultant R. & he said o there is a deductible & I said to R. what a bunch of crap & he said all phones have deductibles (I am with Verizon & don't have insurance & they always send me new equipment if needed - no charge) So Busy Mike pays for that again - then within 3 weeks the re-furbish Samsung they sent BUSY MIKE - kept saying battery is dead again so Sprint says you have to pay another deductible & Mike says  No Way so I aske Sprint Associate R in Surprise WTH ?? He say's nothing I can do.. wil  What anyway How Bad is this. Just Simply Gut Sick over this whole Deal - Literally . By the Mike has been sick - so he don't have time to argue for this .. Mike literally had no PHONE USE for 7 months .. umm Sprint won't let him Cancel Contract - Mike want ed to pay to CAncel they won't let him .. they already bee taking 90 some dollars a month on his credit card.. He has NO PHONE..- I guess now Mike talked with somebody he says - & Sprint Just this WEEk March 15th sent him a new CHEAP LG SLIDER & changed the packaget to $40.. I know ONE THING - mY Verizon Contract is up & I am staying with it since I have been with for 12 years - I am not re newing anything - BUt Verizon Always takes care of any Issues & I don't have insurance on my HTC DROID in which I love my DROID.. Never gave me a problem yet - its 2 years old - from Verizon. What I told Mike - Good Luck Busy Mike lol-- with Sprint - I am soooo Sorry I referred my husband to the D- Head at SPRINT.. :(
