3	I was very disappointed in Chevy's. I ordered the fajitas, which were pretty good. I got all beef. The chips and salsa were very good. I like a lot of cilantro and it was perfect. The problem with this place is the service. It took about 15 minutes after we got to our table for our server to come take our drink order. We had waited so long that we were ready to order, but he quickly said what can I get you to drink and ran away. Another 15 minutes and we got the drinks. You really can't mess up a beer order, but it happened. I ordered Coors Light, and I got Miller LIte. No No No. When I did finally get the Coors LIght it was hot. Enough said on the beer fiasco. To the food. I really like the Fajitas. They reminded me of Uncle Julio's in Dallas. Our server checked on us once but I think he was on something. He seemed really hyper and it was hard to understand him. He rushed to clear off our table before we were even finished. I would go back if I happen to be shopping in Arrowhead Mall again, but I wouldn't make a special trip. I am giving them three stars because the food was pretty good, and they are the best fajitas I have found in Arizona, but the service just sucks.
3	I wish there were half stars.Chevy's has that perfect Happy Hour environment all day long.  Bright colors, fast moving waiters (even when the service is slow the waiters seem to be flying by!), plenty of activity, huge drinks, and food that all seems like it's an appetizer.The chips and salsa are wonderful. . .beware you sometimes find the hot spot in the salsa and then burn for a bit.  If you are lucky enough to have an attentive waiter you may even get the basket refilled.As I mentioned, there are always a bunch of waiters in bright red shirts flying this way and that, but they seem to rarely stop at your table to fill your drinks.The food has the typical tex-mex flair...so it depends on your personal taste.  Being in Arizona, most seem to want that authentic homemade Mexican food taste...this is that more polished chain restaraunt taste.This location is connect to Arrowhead Mall...so you can also sit out on the patio and people watch....
3	GHETTO!  I had the chili con queso and it was VELVEETA with salsa.  I even asked about it!  I was really disappointed with it.  It distracted me so much, I didn't even order dinner.  I went to the one at the Biltmore.
2	Not thrilled. Use to like this place but service has gone downhill. Salsa isn't the same freshness and nothing special with the food. Seemed bland.
5	This place can be a hit or miss but I am absolutely in love with their tamale plate. I get their chicken tamales with a green chili sauce. It comes with a big plate of rice and bean and all you can eat chips. Amazing!
4	It's been a while since I've been to Chevy's.  Too long.  I absolutely LOVE their salsa.  Love the smokey/roasted flavor.  Their chips are great too - light & crispy.  They also have a prickly pear margarita that is QUITE tasty.  But really, it's their salsa I go for.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.... mmm, salsa.
4	You know, I've got to give them 4 stars. As I always state, this is not in comparison to Posh, or Mastro's, or Ocean Prime, etc, but apples to apples people. Compared to other chain Mexican restaurants, Chevy's is a good, consistent standby. Fresh guacamole, homemade tortillas, and pretty darned decent carnitas. Call me crazy, but I'd say it's a solid dining experience. A far cry from the mass produced garbage at Macayo's, and we've always had friendly service, and they get brownie points for the military discount. Stay away from the fried ice cream though, much like everyone else's, it tastes like it's coated in corn flakes. Sadly, the best Mexican food I've ever had is in Holland, Michigan, a little hole in the wall called Margarita's. Whats up here in Arizona? I've tried Old Pueblo, Mi Patio, etc, and they are all icky, low quality, with dried out rice. so I stick with Chevy's or Z Tejas when I want something with a Mexican/Southwest flair. I think the Camelback location recently closed, so we go to the Arrowhead location.
5	All I ever eat here is their chicken fajitas. I love them so much that I can't bring myself  to order anything else. They come with fresh, homemade tortillas, creamy beans, flavorful rice, guacomole, and sour cream. This is one meal that you can share with another person and both of you get full. Their chips and salsa are some of the best as well. The service varies. I've had ok service and I've had excellent. I've eaten here probably about 40 times and only have had bad service maybe 3 times. Food is ALWAYS excellent. The manager there is happy to fix anything and check up on all customers periodically.
5	Love this place ate at many times in San Jose area when they came to Colorado we were happy not the same and not as good tried the one at this location and it was great, always fresh, love the salsa and chips will go back many times since we are moving to this area!!
2	This "Mexican" dining experience is the least authentic I've ever had.The crispy chicken flautas tasted like convenience store 'taquitos'.Their quesadillas had great tortillas that were admittedly tasty, but the cheese was questionable. Other Yelpers have pointed out it tastes like Velveeeta, which I'm not down for in a sit-down establishment like this.The chimichanga is the worst I've ever had. The beans are too sweet, and don't even taste like they should be used for Mexican food. I tried to douse a portion with the habanero sauce at the table, but that was even sweeter. It was...gross, to sum it up in nice terms.Don't get me wrong, I don't HATE this place, it's just really lame food for such a great location, decor, and the friendly staff. The tequila menu is pretty legit, so I might swing by again while I'm shopping.
1	I guess I don't know what I should have expected.  I had gone to a Chevy's once many many years ago, but couldn't remember how it was.  We were at the mall and decided to give it a shot.When we walked in, the hostess was very nice and sat us.  After that, it was pretty much downhill.  The waiter wasn't very friendly and somewhat short with us.  He didn't seem like he wanted to be there.  The salsa that was brought out to us looked like it had been prepackaged, sitting around and was in the shape of some other bowl.  It didn't taste much better either.I ordered the grilled chicken tacos.  The beans were alright, as was the rice.  The taco was dry and bland in some areas, except in the center, where the dab of sauce was.  It only made it taste like a chicken ranchero taco from Taco Bell.  Not something I'd want again.It's not authentic at all, which is fine, but make it taste good.  I will not go back again.
4	This place has a nice environment along with good food. Happy hour here is probably the best for any mexican restaurants. What's better than $3 dollar drinks that are pretty exquisite and half off huge appetizer plates?
4	Great drink specials and they have great fried icecream
3	Lame selection of beers and lame restrictive happy hour menu - why just discount some of the beers?  Mall location often means longer wait times too, and this mall is becoming the sister mall to Metrocenter in so many ways beyond that.  Food was alright, service was a bit slow, and parking is nowhere near the entrance (because it is always full).
2	Maybe 2.5 stars.Service was prompt and friendly. Water delivered with no straws, had to ask. Son's water glass had stains on the inside. Sat on the patio.I had a chicken fajita burrito. It came with rice, and black beans. The burrito was bland, The chicken was grilled and cubed but not much flavor. There were also pinto beans and cheese in it but none of the ingredients were hot enough to fully melt the cheese so it was just kind of warm. The black beans were good, the rice...meh. Other dishes ordered were steak tacos that were good (4 stars) and a quesadilla appetizer which was just "ok". Both my kids told me that my own homemade quesadillas are much better. Probably won't be back not because it's bad, mainly because I have limited opportunities to dine out and I don't want to experience mediocrity when I do get the time to go out.
3	Not too bad... The service in the bar area was exceptional, but also we were the only ones in there at the time. Their happy hour prices are pretty good, we enjoyed ourselves.
4	I was visiting the area over the weekend and was looking for my favorite hot wings.  Luckily Chevy's is owned by the same company that owns Acapulco's and El Torito Restaurants which are my favorite in California.  This place was just as great!  The hot wngs were delish...the margaritas were also.  They have happy hour from 2p-8p 7 days a week!  I went on Saturday afternoon for lunch and went back for dinner...awesome!
4	Came here to meet my daughter for dinner and wow was the food good.  I have been here before and never has it made an impression like it did yesterday.  I noticed that the tortillas & tamales are homemade which is a HUGE deal in my opinion.  I ordered the guacamole appetizer which they make right in front of you and it is very flavorful and fresh.  I then ordered the farm fresh enchiladas which is a vegetarian enchilada with mushrooms and artichokes filled with cheese and covered in jalapeno cream sauce that was unbelievable good.  I loved this dish and the beans were also fantastic.  I have to say that I will be back for this dish alone.  The atmosphere is casual but clean and decorated in the theme.  Service was great and the margaritas were $3 each so I splurged as well.
4	this seems to be a great place to nurse a hang over with a little hair of the dog with the locals. Bar Tender was great and the beer was Ice cold.
5	My family and I used to meet up at the Biltmore Chevy's for happy hour quite frequently and were bummed out when it closed. We went to the Arrowhead location for dinner Friday night and were sat right away, had excellent service, and delicious food. The waiter even brought my parents dessert for their anniversary. Surprisingly, one of the same employees was still working there and mentioned to me that our favorite waitress from the Biltmore location was still working for the company at the Mesa location. This is obviously a great company that hires great people! I expressed my compliments of the server to the manager because it was such a great experience. And the kiwi margarita was amazing!
1	Fresh...not! Went here years ago when they first opened and was impressed. In the neighborhood and remembered them so decided to try again. Major disappointment. The dish I remember best no longer on menu. Order beef chimi. Yuck! Filled with unseasoned ground beef and covered with what looked like (and tasted worse than" Cheez-Wiz..
1	today, it took forever for our waiter to just take our order, the three tables around us were seated after us and got their food before our order was even taken.
2	my daughter would love to go to chevys on camelback for her bday, always fresh yummy food and the homemade chip you could see, when we found out that it close last year she ws sad, this year we found out there was one open at Arrowhead so we went up there last night for her bday dinner. The waiter was nice enough but it took awhie for anyone to come over. He only refilled half the drinks and we had to ask for the other half to be refilled, When we got our food it wasn't hot, the extra cheese my kids ordered in their burittos wasn't even melted, it was like thrown on as an after thought and the food wasn't even hot enough to melt it, the cheese on the beans and taco of other orders was so minusicle it was as much to cover my pinky nail. we had to ask for extra cheese for my sons tacos. they did still give out the chevys hat for the bday and sang to my daugher brought icecream and gave a little cone two the two siblings that were there which was nice. But the food was in no comparison to the yummy food we experienced on camelback. Don't think we will be back.
2	Stopped in here today at lunch time for a first visit ever to a Chevy's, joined by Scott W.  This place is nice inside, the booth seating was completely comfortable, the service was excellent, & the menu choices & layout were great, making it easy to order just what I wanted.     :-)Nice chips arrived, with a little bowl of attractive salsa, & I ordered a three item "Build Your Own Combo", consisting of a Chile Relleno (of course!), a "Slow roasted shredded pork tamale with New Mexico red chile sauce, & a soft, Picadillo Beef (hamburger) Taco, plus Spanish Rice & their "Homemade Beans ala Charra".Pretty soon our orders arrived.  Mine was very attractively presented on a large and a small platter, with the beans in a large cup.  So far we're at 5 Stars!Now this order was a bit pricey at $12.29, so now we're at 4 Stars.Uh oh.  Now we come to the TASTE of the food.  Everything, even the Chile Relleno, was BLAAAAH!  Now I finally know what Yelpies are talking about when they talk about "Gringoized Mexican Food".  THIS WAS REALLY, REALLY THAT, & you're getting this from a guy who LIKES chain restaurants!!  Ugh!!     :-O
4	Ohhhhhh Chevy's how I love you. Their chicken fajita salad is one of my favorite salads anywhere. Crispy greens, grilled chicken, pepita seeds, avocado, salsa...yes please. Chevy's also likes to do a fruit of the month where they will make lemonades and margarita's using this fresh fruit puree. I had a cantalope lemonade, and let me say, one of the most refreshing delicious drinks EVER! I've also had their watermelon lemonade and mango lemonade, also great. Their chips and salsa are always great as well. The only so-so occasionally is the service.
3	Nice place. Pricy for being in a mall, and the waitress never let us know about any specials.
2	I wish I knew more about Mexican food. It would let me know what I was talking about when I was to demean restaurants such as this one when they claim they serve Mexican food.  Maybe I am expecting to much going to a chain but shouldn't I at least deserve mediocrity?When the first thing you serve me is under cooked chips and place them on my table with what is best described as thimble sized portions of completely ordinary salsa, then we are off to a rough start.  Maybe the Mexican aspect of the restaurant comes from the fact that I needed to speak Spanish to order. I finally convinced the waiter of my order which was to be chicken quesadilla. The soda machine must have been non functional the day I ate at this location because I only received 2 drinks during my visit. When the quesadilla arrived I wished I had just gone to Taco Bell which I had originally contemplated before parking for Chevy's. The tortilla and cheese was standard fare but the chicken must have just come from the freezer. Bland, dry, and I could barely believe it was there. No more ignoring ratings. I joined Yelp to let fellow food connoisseurs guide me in my dining experiences and I ignored them this time. For this, I apologize. I hereby declare from this day forward I will stop going against your recommendations and follow your advice. This experience taught me you all know what you are talking about!
3	Food is still excellent, one of the best places for fajitas and mexican salads. However, the service has been going down hill. Waiting too long for things, checks being wrong, and service staff doesn't really give a rats a-- about serving you.
5	Went for my husbands birthday today and as always it was amazing!!! Omg the combo fajitas were to die for..... The service from the hostess to our waiter Angel, to the manager of the restaurant was above and beyond. Kudos to Chevy's, you guys are awesome.
5	We are new to the area, and ran across this place by pure accident. We were pleasantly surprised. My picky kids even enjoyed it. The fresh tortillas and chips and queso dip were awesome. Great food and terrific service.
5	My family and I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday. Great food, great service , and great atmosphere. We will be back :-)
5	I am reading the reviews and surprised at some of them. I have been going here for about 2 years and really like it. A big plus is that it is in the mall. The food always tastes fresh and I was told they make mostly from scratch, which is a plus for me. I love the guacamole they make it at your table for you. The salsa and chips are so good, the best I have honestly tried in a restaurant. You can get them to go for around 8.00 for a huge bag and probably at least a pint of salsa. I always order the soup and guac. My hubby has had many things on the menu and always is satisfied. This is the only mexican restaurant my son goes to, he loves it.
4	Came here post movie for some lunch. After watching Riddick, all that action made us super hungry and Chevy's was a convenient walk from the theater.The staff was super friendly, and we enjoyed two giant sized margaritas that came with super nachos as recommended. Surprisingly it was a deal when ordering this combination instead of ordering margaritas separately. I enjoyed my drink so much that I ended up spilling the last bit, and you know what the waiter did? He gave us several coupons for more discounted margaritas and food! Bring on the fun! The steak fajitas were really good! I feel like you get more meat and fresher less processed meat here than you would at Chilis, but regardless I enjoyed them. It was such a treat to see the tortillas made before your eyes and then eat them fresh immediately. Despite being a chain, I'm a fan and i don't know why I didn't return sooner!
5	I love Chevys.  They serve their beer in chilled glasses and serve you the nicest chips and salsa free.  Their food is always nice and staff are very pleasant.  I go there at least 3 times a week for lunch or just a drink.  Ask Jose to make you a Lava Lamp drink, you'll like it.  Trust me.
2	Was out shopping with a girlfriend and decided to stop by and have a margarita. We asked the waitress how much the top shelf margaritas were and the waitress said they are $10.00 but we have a special where you get 2 of them and a free order of nachos grande. So, we said sure. That sounds like a great deal. We'll do that. Well, the bill came and it was $36.00 including tax. We called the waitress over and told her we were confused. She apologized for the misunderstanding stating that she had neglected to tell us the margaritas that came with the special are the larger size margaritas and they are more expensive. I told her there is no way we were going to pay $16.50 a piece for a margarita even if it did come with a free nachos grande. Had we known the drinks were so expensive, we never would have ordered the special. We weren't going to eat in the first place and the only reason we did it is because it was a great deal. The waitress sent the  manager, Santiago over and we explained what happened and he said "sorry I can't do anything about it." He basically told us we ordered what we ordered and even if there was a misunderstands we needed to pay for it. After he argued with us for a few more minutes, he agreed to take $11.00 off of our bill. That was all he was willing to take off.  It was unbelievable given that we had misunderstood the price of what we ordered   because the waitress had told us the wrong price and the for the manager to argue with us, made it even more unbelievable. Santiago was a total jerk and acted as if we  were trying to get something for nothing. I will never go to that Chevys again and I will also tell my friends about my experience and urge them not go there.
3	I was pleased with the food. Good drinks and friendly service.
5	is chevys at arrowhead closed?
5	The best margaritas in town. I love the watermelon margarita the best but they only have it when in season. The salsa is really good too.  I am so disappointed they have closed at the Arrowhead Mall. I hope they relocate somewhere in AZ.
