5	There are many options for shipping a package.. one on every corner. What's different about Postal Annex? The people. Darrel and his family run the place like you'd expect for a small town post office. They know customers and work hard to get each person the best possible service
5	Came in for a notary and happened to srive just after closing hours as they were closing out, but Darryl let me in and got me notarized. Very helpful, convinient and reasonable ! I'll be coming here for all my notarizing and mailing needs. You really can't put a price on great customer service !
5	Who are these guy's? They are tucked away in a strip mall between what looks like a gypsy clothing store and a cell phone company. With the post office across the street you have to ask yourself, " Why go to Postal Annex when you can go to the post office." Well, let me answer this question for you. Service, Service, Service. Daryl and Sean greet you the second you walk in the door and see if there is anything you can be helped with, which in this day and age people rarely greet anyone when they walk in somewhere.If service is not enough for you how about the wait. You can go to the post office and stand in line for 30 minutes or more for what? To have the pimple faced clerk give you attitude and slam your package around for a minute take your money and yell NEXT! instead try taking your package to postal annex, you will be kindly greeted, treated like an actual person and most likely build a relationship with these guys and you will no doubt have a new go to place for all your postal needs. Not only does postal annex take care of shipping, they offer P.O. boxes and carry a full store of other odds and ends. Special occasion cards, Las Vegas souvenirs, that's not all. You can even pick up some pre-printed legal documents. With all that said, picture this. You can go into postal annex get your mail from your P.O. Box , buy a happy birthday grandma card, pick up some divorce paperwork, buy a box for your ex's crap, go to the store that is next door get some booze and then buy a Las Vegas shot glass from Postal annex poor a shot and mail off your paperwork all in one spot. So, if that is not enough to make you say that is my go to place I don't know how else to persuade you. So please enjoy the line at the post office.
5	I learned about Postal Annex several years ago when the place I had been using closed. I immediately experienced an upgrade in customer service and ease of use. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and they treat you like you are a valued customer. They offer a wide range of services. They don't care if you buy a stamp, make a copy. or have a large package to ship. They act like they appreciate you on every transaction. I prefer going to Postal Annex even though the post office is right across the street. I have more shipping choices and can get in and out quicker with a much better customer service experience. I look forward to going there because I leave there happy. How I am treated by the staff at a business means a great deal to me. Like many others have already said, Postal Annex immediately won me over with a great customer service experience.
5	I was in town for a convention, and needed to send a lengthy fax. It was going to cost me over $40 to send it from the hotel, and not much cheaper anywhere else in town. Postal Annex had the best price! They were quick, courteous and patient with me, even though I had forgotten my card. They immediately offered to send the fax anyway, and let me return later for payment. Who does that!? We worked out a phone payment instead and they happily waited 20 extra minutes for me to get the info over the phone so they could run the payment. Great customer service, great attitude, great people. Darryl, the franchise owner, obviously knows how to run a good business.
5	Great place for shipping or a po box. Best staff with quality service. They do the job right. Never have to worry about my packages.
5	Jessica Sean &  Darryl rock. Been coming here for while now and never had Any type of problems.(unlike the post office who seem to want a blood sample before u mail anything)  Had to mail some stuff for the DMV and had no clue what I was doing Sean and Jessica walked me thru it all and it was done exactly the way DMV wanted (I would have messed it up completely if it wasn't for them) mailbox prices are great and cheap and I love not getting my neighbors mail or the junk mail in my box and the safety if having mail not send directly to me is a PLUS!
