5	Dr. Hammes is amazing.  I always trust my beloved Yorkie with him.  His prices are very reasonable and he cares about each and every one of his patients and have no problems answering any questions that pet parents have.  He never overcharges and will avoid unnecessary procedures and tell you straight up that they're unnecessary.  His wife, Toni, is very nice too.  I love this Ma and Pa shop.  My Yorkie always had to be muzzled at other vet b/c she snaps when getting shots, but not with Dr. Hammes.  I think she knows that he really care about her.
5	I've been taking my dog to Dr. Brian Hammes for over 9 years. He always takes great care of my dog. He's extremely knowledgeable and has earned my trust years ago with the care he takes for my dog.Toni is always friendly and helpful with scheduling and checkups.I'd recommend Buffalo Alta Animal Hospital to anyone who cares about their pets!
5	today was my first time going to that clinic, I was surprised with how gentle and hospitable both the nurse and doctor were when interacting with my puppy.
1	I brought my cat in because I suspected his toe was broken. The first visit was fine and they confirmed it was broken and bandaged him up. The trouble started at his two week bandage change when I was charged a bunch of money for sedation. For a bandage change? I work in clinic so I know this is unnecessary. I had just moved back to the area and had not yet started my new job yet or I would have taken him there. By week 4 I had already decided to take him somewhere else due to the unnecessary sedation of my cat. I brought him in to my clinic for a bandage change and some xrays to see how the toe was healing. Not only was the toe still completely broken (at this point there should have been at least a bone callous), but on removing the bandage, the skin on his foot was rotting off! The smell was awful and his poor foot was red and swollen. All this clinic did was charge me for unnecessary sedation and give my cat a horrible infection. Mind you, I know how to properly care for a bandage. I've seen many times in clinic what happens with improper bandage care. However, I am appalled that an improper bandage such as this has cost me so much and is costing my poor cat. Do not go to this clinic. Poor service and they refuse to call me back addressing the issue. They should not be practicing medicine if they can't even get something as simple as a bandage right.
5	Dr. Hammes and Toni are the best.  I can call in on Saturday afternoon and be seen the same day.  I've been taking my Dog to them since he was 6 months old.  They truly care.
5	I first met them when my young dog passed literally in our hands there.  I have had dogs for four decades, am from Chicago, my father was a physician,,,,so we've seen the best.  Toni and all at Buffalo Animal Hospital are like family.  I've never met such warm wonderful people as them.  Thanks for being you!!
5	Dr. Hammes and Toni are the best. They are respectful to you and your pets, they listen to you, and are prompt in getting back to you with test results or whatever it is that you need. My little boy had to be put down 2 years ago and they gave me all of the information I needed and gave me as much time as I needed to spend with my kittie before it was time to say good bye. I highly recommend this place for your furry loved ones.
5	As my cat has gotten older, car rides have become a more fraught and traumatizing experience for her, so when I moved to the other end of town, the drive to her previous vet was untenable. My kitty has a chronic condition that they are helping us to manage, so I'm in the office regularly and have found their prices to be very reasonable for both services and for prescriptions.I feel so fortunate to have found Dr. Hammes and Toni - they are kind, caring and professional.  Appointments are easily booked, they are gentle and thorough and extremely patient with both pets and owners.
5	The best for your 4 legged friend! I wish id find 'my personal' dr to be this thorough, caring and efficient. I love my Chloe more than anything, and this is the BEST PLACE for her...highly recommend!!!
5	My pitbull, Chico, developed a bad skin condition. After numerous attempts to get it resolved I was referred to Dr. Hammes by a friend. When I showed up, his wife Toni met us and was very friendly with myself and my dog while we waited for the doctor. She even took a picture of him for her web site. When I met with the doctor he was extremely knowledgeable and took the time to explain the problem and the solution. He gave me some medicine and special shampoo which worked immediately. The skin issues were resolved perfectly. His wife called twice to follow up on Chico's condition and make sure everything went well. The best part is that I was surprised at how reasonable the cost was. He did not charge me for anything unnecessary. For example, when we were there I asked about a skin tag that Chico had and the doctor could easily have told me that it needed to be removed. I was ready to hear that, and ready to pay for it. Instead he told me that removal was unnecessary and to save my money. I was extremely impressed with his honesty, knowledge, and care. I was pleasantly surprised about:1. how quickly we were seen 2. how long the doctor took with us3. his honesty in not charging me for unnecessary services, and4. the fair price for services.I strongly recommend Dr. Hammes.
