4	Pizza is my favorite food and no matter where I travel I always seek out the best pizza that place has to offer.  Before I went to Montreal I asked some locals what the best pizza place was.  I got mixed answers and finally settled on one place that sounded the best.  Well I won't even mention that place as it was average at best, and that's being generous.After being in Montreal a couple of days I asked a few locals who were orginally from other parts of the country what they thought about the pizza in the city and the resounding answer was that there wasn't a great pizza spot in Montreal.  After my visit I'm inclined to believe them.  However Pizzedelic is a place that I would recommend. While a chain, Pizzedelic is not your typical pizza chain.  It's more a local pizza chain than a national pizza chain and you can both see and taste the difference in the pizza.  In fact I hesistate even mentioning that it is a chain.  The Vieux Montreal location definitely doesn't look like a chain either.  It was pretty nice inside and the patrons were largely drinking wine with their food.  It also had a nice ambience as well, though I suspect this is due to it's location which is by the nicest hotels in the city.  So if you go to another location, I would expect a more casual look than this particular location had as the one on Mont-Royal.  I was pleasantly surprised by the pizza.  I knew it was square shaped going in and that you could get some really interesting ingredients, but I like my pizza simple.  The crust is very thin and was perfectly done.  It was crispy at the edges but soft in the middle.  And when I say thin, I mean thin.  The sauce was good, not too sweet and not too much of it.  The cheese was just the right amount and good as well.  Being lunch I went with a soft drink as opposed to a beer or wine and I was pleasantly surprised to see they had Jones sodas.  I was full after my meal and so I declined dessert, however the desserts I saw looked amazing.  If you're looking for a good thin crust pizza in Montreal I would give Pizzedelic a try.  The square pizzas are nice personal sized pizzas and they have something for everyone.
1	Poor value for money.I would not have normally dined in this cheesy chain resto, but we had had a coupon. The food was just okay - we had a french onion soup and pizzas, wanted a side salad but at around $10, I passed.  I asked for extra sauce on my pizza, which is pretty much universally free, but they added THREE DOLLARS to my bill. FOR PIZZA SAUCE. The decor is cheap-looking, and like they don't quite understand the theme they are going for.
