5	This place is great! Looking forward to watching d games here. Just tried d wings n thought I was in Buffalo. Good job guys. I'll definitely b back!
5	The best buffalo wings in Las Vegas. Take a couple friends and order the bucket of wings. You get 21 awesome wings, but save room for the Pat LaFrieda Burger.
5	I have had nothing but the best experiences with the place. The times I've been in the broads behind the counter have been nothing but SUPER friendly just BS'ing with us like long lost friends. Grace, and I believe the other one's name was Mimi. AMAZING service. Also, it's like, $4.75 for a beer that might as well be in a bucket. They won us over on our first visit and has become a regular spot for us. Haven't tried the food yet but have heard NOTHING but great things. OH they also have a stage, that's lined with SUPER comfortable couches. WONDERFUL.
1	This is a smoky loud dive bar... nothing special...
1	As for being a Californian, the smell of cigarette smoke inside of a bar wasn't all that appealing to me.  Beer is beer, and I consumed a bit far too much than I needed to.
4	My girlfriend and I visited Time Out for the first time last week after hearing about theirgreat burgers. Erica our bartender was very nice and attentive. Although the food took a bit longer than we like to wait, everything was great and two of the owners (Fred and Joe?)  came over to welcome us and thank us for visiting their place. My girlfriend and I will be back as soon as Time Out  gets their video poker games(next month?)because we like the people and the burgers were great. WE WILL BE BACKSEE YOU AGAIN SOON
5	You hand em your drivers license, and you get headphones you can plug in and get audio to any of the  games you see. Brilliant.
5	New Menu and thevideo poker machines are hot. Live entertainment all the time.Check it out soon.
4	Great place to have a drink and laugh..
3	Decent bar prices and lots of room here to sit and mingle. Saw an music act here and although the door guys kept changing the cover charges for different  people at their own discretion it was overall a good experience. Owners are nice and a couple of the bartenders are rock solid, others are a bit slow and overwhelmed in my opinion. Haven't had the food yet. I will definitely swing back by this place on occasion. I think it has great potential and look forward to see how the vibe changes as they keep making improvements. They recently added lights for the stage area and the sound system was decent enough for the days I was there. Not smoky the days I've been there so that's a major plus in my book...
4	Enjoyed the ISLAND VIBE in this bar. Loved the music, staff was great, food was delicious. The only thing keeping me from going back to enjoy the island music is the smoking. I wish smoking were band in public areas. Other than that, it was a great place to hang out :)
4	Ok, first the full disclosure.   My son's band plays here on occasion (HaleAmanO) but this review will be exactly my opinion of this establishment.   The staff is very good at making you feel welcome.  My wife and I have been here a number of times and the owner has made many improvements.   They have a kitchen on premises and the burgers are good, and some Hawaiian style dishes are offered as well.  Nothing special here, but the food is plentiful and tasty.  Bar prices are decent, great bucket specials when the bands play here.  They have made improvements by installing new lighting and sound for the stage, and they also turn off the TV monitors over the stage during performances.   They got rid of the couches, on the dance floor (another big plus)   The cover charge usually includes the first drink so actually it's a good deal when you go there to listen to live music.  Priscilla is a wonderful bartendress, always upbeat and mixes her drinks well.  4 star for now because there is always room for improvement.   Nice people, and good vibes.
5	Great food, great people, and cold beer. What more can you ask for. Best wings in town. You'll swear your in buffalo.
5	Best bar I've been to in town! The patrons are friendly and the bartender is excellent. There's plenty of room to move and ample seating. Oh, and the best hot wings in town hands down!!! Great place!
5	I don't always have hot wings, but when i do, It's at Time out!  Best Bar food in Town!!
5	Plain and simple this is the place to be!  If you aint here u are probably  at Fort Couch bored to death.  So what are u waiting for???
5	Get the chicken wings, and tell them that you want them " Wet and Well" that means crispy and saucy.... this place will do it for you, and say Hi to Priscilla, she's the cute one!
2	The epitome of a dive bar! Not necessarily in a bad way, but only giving out two stars from my experience earlier this week. For starters, it was totally dead but took the one lone lady bartender a good five minutes to notice I'd walked in- because she was so engrossed in conversation with a patron. I guess it could be worse.There's a large sunken seating area for watching games, and this bar has DirecTV- a plus in some ways, but considering that's what I have at home, this isn't a place to go to watch a game that's on the NBA or NFL package, they don't have that here from what the bartender told me.They do have a food menu, and a Yelp check in offer saying you get a free drink with a food purchase- but the menu looked a little overpriced for bar food and I did not choose to try it at this time.Lots of built-in poker machines built into the counter, most of the TVs are a little bit of an older style, signs up said they have karaoke on Thursdays but when I went it was completely dead- maybe I need to come back for those wings everyone's talking about.Not sure when happy hour is- think I sign said their late one was 2AM to 5AM, but there's another one that ended at 5PM or 6PM. With normal pricing, our two small draft beers (Blue Moon and Shiner) were $8.
4	Great divey little bar and the new management is excellent. came here on lunch hour to watch the world cup game and got the hot wings and a beer. Hot wings were great, and everyone else I was with enjoyed their "bar food" lunch, chicken tenders, ranch chicken sandwich. We got a free drink w check-in, And the new owner was so kind of give us complimentary cake pops and some coupons for next time. Only complaint was that our food took awhile, maybe 45 minutes?  Def a bit long for a lunch break---they have a 10 minute menu, and I assume they're working out the kinks.  Will give them the benefit of the doubt.
5	Very impressed with this little dive bar. The service was awesome and the BBQ was delicious. I'd highly recommend the baby back ribs with the north Caroline BBQ sauce.
4	Nice bar, great prices it has a diamond table and a bar table , good music. Not good for large crowds but it's cozy.
5	Love this bar! We are from the other side of the mountain and would go every night if it was closer. Huge and newly remodeled place. Machines are great. Only came here because of Joe, couldn't know a better guy who takes GREAT care of his customers. Hard to get customer service in vegas anymore. So this definitely the place to go!
5	Great food.Good drinks and a great atmosphere. There is a happy hour and the bartenders are very friendly night or day.Lots of different things always going on from Poker, Karoke,Live, Music, Football and Comedy.The food prices are very affordable as well as the drinks. SOME GO AND HAVE SOME FUN.They do have many tv for all the sports games.
5	I love coming here.  They make you feel welcome.  The bartender, Nita, is always smiling and wonderful.   Definitely make your way out for Saturday night karaoke with DJ Wolf (aka Steveo) of you want an entertaining evening.  He plays a nice mix to dance to after rounds of hearing people sing.   He's quite the entertainer as well.  I love hearing him sing a song or two through the night.
