1	My first visit here was wonderful, Veronica cut my hair and made it easy. Coming here the second time I was hoping for the same great experience but was shocked about he Terrible service I received . Veronica was not there and decided to give another lady a shot. I was wrong to do so. The lady that helped me gave attitude and when I asked for the style I wanted she said it would be to difficult because how much hair I have and it would take her an hour to do and told me she would have to charge me extra. I have gotten the same haircut for years and never have I been charged extra or been told that it would be "too hard" . My haircuts have always taken a long time to do because of how my hair is. She looked like she just did not want to take the time to do my hair.
5	Kristi is the best!  Inexpensive, but incredibly good quality work.Kristi has been doing my hair for years and I drive from Los Angeles to get my hair done by her every few months.  I know it sounds crazy, but I don't want to trust my hair to anyone else.  She does a great job and makes my highlights look very natural and she does them in a way to make them last between appointments without looking awful.  She's fun, talented, really listens to what you want, but also offers her professional advice.  Can't compliment her enough!
3	I went here three times. The first time I had a haircut by Michelle- it was ok. It was definitely $12.99 worth. The second time Christy did my color and cut- phenomenal. She is very precise and takes her time. I went back a third time and Christy was on vacation so I had Michelle do it. She was actually making rude remarks to another female employee when I walked in. She was completely in another world when she did my color, and messed up SO bad. She didn't even want to blow dry my hair. She made repeated comments about the other female employee she didn't like and It was just uncomfortable! And she also commented on who had given her bad and good tips lately. Needless to say I will never be back.I met the owners and a few other of the stylist and they seem very professional and their work seemed good. Don't write this place off completely just because of one bad seed. Just make sure Michelle doesn't do your hair!
3	I didn't get a haircut here but I did come in to purchase some things during the holidays as well as some gift cards. The hairdresser came to the register as quickly as she could and made sure to acknowledge me waiting for her despite being pretty busy with customers.
