1	My husband recently had a minor accident w/ his motorcycle on the way home from work late one evening recently.  We had his bike towed home until we could make arrangements w/ a repair shop.  Phoenix Metro Towing was called to pick the bike up at our house in Peoria and transport it to Apache Motorcycle in Mesa.  Our insurance company said the transport would be covered.  Loading the bike was a challenge and had I not walked out the door, I don't know what they would have done.  Gold Wing with my husband in the saddle and the driver pushing him as fast as he could at the angled flatbed.  GULP!  There was so much residue on the flat bed that the brakes wouldn't hold the bike in place so the driver could get to the controls.  I walked out of the house at just that moment, while the driver provided the leverage to keep the bike on the bed, I got work the controls for the flatbed.  Driver was very nice and accommodating, btw.  Can't say enough about him.  In fact, the one star is for him.  Once the bike is on the truck, the driver tells us we have to pay $150.  Really?  OK.  I go in the house to get the check book and credit card.  Driver calls the manager; nope won't take my personal check.  Nope.  Won't take the credit card.  Cash.  I'm not giving anyone cash.  Called Apache Motorcycle.  They will pay the driver with a check from them when he brings the bike in.  Nope.  He wants cash from us.  Told the driver to tell us we can get it back from our insurance company.  They would give us and unprinted receipt.  Something I can purchase at Office Max.  So we told the guy to unload the bike.  When I called Apache Motorcycle to get a referral for another tow company, the service manager gave me one and said if they aren't available "call Phoenix Metro Towing -- we work with them all the time."  When I told the service manager that was exactly who was in my driveway and refusing to transport without cash, he was incredulous.  We've had to have vehicles towed four times in as many months and never encountered this before.  Me thinks the Phoenix Metro Towing manager was trying to pull a fast one.
1	I'm only giving this company a 1 star because I cant give them NEGATIVE stars. My boyfriend and I got into a collision recently. My insurance set up a tow, using Phoenix Metro, to come collect my car from the collision site. I was told they would arrive in 45 mins. after waiting about 10 mins over the 45 mins, I gave Phoenix Metro a call just to see where they were and the approx time they would arrive, since it had been after the projected time. The man (can't call him a gentleman because he was FAR from that) that answered the phone was rude from the start. after he answers, I explain that I am expecting a tow 10 mins ago, i just need to check how much longer the tow truck would be. He instantly snaps and says, "Well i can't help you if i don't know who you are!" I then proceeded to tell him my name and the type of car was waiting for tow. He said it was going to be another 30 mins. I then asked if there was any way he could get a truck to me sooner since I've been at the collision site for about 2 hours at this point. He, again responds very rudely, saying that there is nothing he can do, he cant tell the driver to speed or run red lights. he then says that i can just cancel the tow and start all over with my insurance of course i didn't want to do). A simple no and a nice apology was all that was necessary from this man. Did not need to snap at me. I had already had a rough day. i get off the phone and explain this to my boyfriend. He was not happy that i was treated that way by a, supposedly, professional company. He decided to call back and talk to the manager to complain and let them know that one of their employees did not provide acceptable customer service. He got on the phone (the same man answered), asked to speak to the manager. The man on the phone started giving my boyfriend attitude. He was constantly answering all of my boyfriend's questions with other questions. And not being polite at all. this conversation of them going back and forth went on for about 10 mins. finally the man just says, "Your service is canceled and i AM the owner!" then hung up. Mind you, my boyfriend did not want the service canceled. My boyfriend also told me that that man on the phone was using VERY inappropriate words and names. He EVEN threatened my boyfriend. Told him to come down to the shop so he could knock the sh*t out of him. THIS IS NOT HOW YOU TREAT YOUR CUSTOMERS!! UNACCEPTABLE! so need lees to say, we did not use this company and we NEVER will again! Please take this review into consideration when choosing your towing services. this is NOT how people want to be treated especially right after being involved in a car accident. You want people to HELP you, not threaten you. DO NOT USE THIS TOWING SERVICE unless you wanted to be disrespected and treated like absolute trash!!
4	Review based on a service call today (10/4) at 10:30am.Through AAA, Phoenix Metro Towing took care of our vehicle, and towed it to a repair shop 22 miles away.No issues with the service this company provided us today  - The driver showed up 10 minutes early, and took care of business.  A "no bs" experience.After picking up our vehicle, the driver did a 3-point turn, rather than go around the block to get back down the street.  This might not mean much to some, but this maneuver saved us mileage in the tow (MONEY)!A passenger rode along - both her and the vehicle made it safely.  Not much else to say.  Would use them again.
