5	My daughter and her boyfriend had spotted a "Grand Opening" sign on this little restaurant in a local strip mall recently and wanted to try it so all three of us went here on Monday April 18.  Wow--great place!  The server couldn't have been sweeter, more informative or more attentive.  They have all the usual dishes, plus more unusual ones like Alligator, Snails, Anti-oxident drinks.  I ordered the Quail, fried (or you can get it rotisserie-style), daughter got a chicken dish and shared her delicious rice with me (mine only came with accompanying greens but no noodles or rice), her boyfriend got a combination Pho soup that included pork, liver, quail egg, squid, crab, shrimp, rice noodles and we shared some crispy egg rolls for a starter.Everything was top quality and fresh and very reasonably priced (about $6-8 ea).  We were very happy we went here and the server gave us a coupon for 10% off our next visit.  I will definitely put this one on my go-to list for future trips.
5	such a tasty gem!  we eat across the street at Mekong plaza all the time and have noticed signs for blue moon opening and always said, "oh. well we can try it next time."  what got us through the door was the huge sign on the street that said, "PHO 50% OFF."  wow!  no need to tell us twice!  we made a U-turn and drove right over there.  so glad we did: it changed our lives!1.  light crispy egg rolls.  not too oily or heavy like we have had at other places.  just the right amount of filling.  wonderful.  so good, in fact, that when we went there tonight...  they were sold out!  2.  tasty broth!  when the bowl comes to you, before you add any basil or other condiments... taste it first!  lovely, clean, and deep.  3.  the menu has tons of variety.  other than the usual noodle and rice dishes that you can expect to see at many pho places, you can see many "exotic" dishes as well.  snail, alligator, quail, rabbit...  just to name a few.  we tried the quail this evening: yummy!4.  super friendly service.  we are not asian and, i'm sure many of you other non-asians out there can attest to this...  many times we get treated less-than friendly at asian-owned establishments.  not here!  after just one visit, the nice waitress remembered our faces and brought out the chili sauce we requested at our first visit.  wow!  so nice!  makes you even happier to give a place your business when you  like the service almost as much as the food;)*all in all...  just go and try it!  go soon because all the pho is 50% off.  if you don't like it: at least it was only half price!  however, you won't be disappointed!
4	Coming from a Vietnamese person, albeit very Americanized, I think the food is good here! The 50% Pho is great, hope it lasts forever. :) Service is decent, bathrooms and overall restaurant is also pretty clean, and they will bring out more veggies if you request.  Good variety of stuff in their menu, but I've only had the Pho.
5	I was in downtown Phoenix by myself for a conference desperatly searching for a grocery store so I wouldn't have to eat out 3 times a day while I was here.  I took the Light Rail to the last stop heading Eastward and ended up in Mesa just outside of a couple mini makks, one of which had a Safeway thank goodness!  I was also starving so I wandered across the street to Subway.  Before I walked into the familiar restaurant, I was struck by a sign just across the parking lot that said "50% off Pho".  Pho is one of my all time favorite dishes so I HAD to go check it out!  Even if it wasn't good, how could you go wrong with 3$ soup?  The restaurant itself is small and clean with a large screen TV behind the counter that was playing the Planet Earth series, as well as a cool built in fishtank below the counter.  I was seated by the wall and given a large menu to browse.  I went with the usual thing I have in Vietnamese restaurants:  Iced coffee with condensed cream and Rare Beef with Brisket Pho.  The Pho arrived hot and fresh very quickly.  The broth was BEAUTIFUL on its own, and even better with basil, bean sprouts, jalepenos and hotsauce!  This was honestly one of the best bowls of Pho I have had ANYWHERE.  EVER.  And I eat a LOT of Pho.  The iced coffee was also great, but the best part was the whole meal only cost $5.50 thanks to 50% Pho which I hope will last forever!  Or at least as long as I am here!Despite the 20 minute train ride, I WILL be returning to this restaurant.  The service was wonderful, the food was amazing, and I dont know anywhere downtown I could walk away full but still feeling healthy for $5.50.  Check this place out if you are in the area!!
4	I encountered this restaurant when I was driving down the street and saw 50% off for pho. Since I'm a pho fanatic I've decided to drop in because first of all I was hungry, second of all I was hungered, and third of all I was hungereded.  (That doesn't make sense but deal with it =p)So I order the pho and the viet ice coffee.  As usual I have the meat come out raw, on the side because I like my meat rare. But the only issue I faced was I got 3 little tiny pieces of meat.  Maybe it was the 50% that the meat was so minuscule?  I'm not sure but they went majority cheap on the beef.  The broth was perfect but a little oily and the rest of the meal was wet great.So that's my saying for the blue moon.
5	I found out about this place in a flyer advertising free Pho Tai between 2-3 today. So some friends and I decided to check it out. The place is clean, and the set-up is like most Pho restaurants. The place was packed, obviously, but the wait wasn't too bad at all. Once we got our pho we added the basil, lime, sprouts, hot sauce, etc to make it to our tastes. It was great! I had a wonderful bowl of free pho! I absolutely recommend this place. I ended up tipping $10 just because I was so happy and full! Definitely check this place out!
5	The Pho was good (not the BEST, but very good), veggies were fresh, lime-chank was superb, spring rolls were tasty...............Wait, wtf, fuck the review, seriously... a good bowl of Pho for like $3.50, why are you still reading this and not eating Pho?
5	Since October, I have had an obsession with the Pho at Blue Moon. Since discovering this little Pho jewel, I've probably come for dinner 14 times - 3 times by myself (I can't believe I'm admitting this to you..). So, clearly I'm a Pho-lover, and as far as Pho goes in the Valley, this place serves some of the best. It's run by a very nice Vietnamese family - always friendly and smiling. The location itself is small and modestly decorated, but it's bright and clean and usually full of people! Most of the times I've come, the majority of the other patrons have been Vietnamese families, which I'd say is a good sign for the authenticity of Blue Moon. Soup has to be one of the most comfortable meals around. At Blue Moon, they serve traditional Pho with rare steak, tripe, and tendon, and also have brisket and meatballs. Don't be shy, get the large! I alternate between rare steak and meatballs, the chicken pho, and then the pho with veggies, and I load each one with a healthy squirt of sriracha hot sauce, sprouts and basil. The veggies usually include carrots, bok choy, and broccoli - colorful, crispy, and plentiful. Love it. If I am very hungry, I start with the egg rolls - shrimp and pork goodness in a crispy wrapper. Although I only ever order the Pho (they have a 50% off special - $3.50 for a great meal!), the rest of their menu looks delicious. They have family dinner specials (for 2 to 6 people) with several different dishes that are a great deal. They have other noodles and soups, as well as meat, chicken or tofu dishes served with rice. They also have seafood appetizers and main courses, like sauteed clams or salted catfish. One day I'll branch out from the Pho and try the other Vietnamese delicacies, but for now, I am hooked on Pho!
4	Great soup at a great price.I go for the veggie soup normally, since I'm a bit leery of the raw meats and strange meatballs you can get.  Their vermicelli is also quite edible.Service could be a little quicker.Bring cash if you're spending less than $5 - with pho and water you will pay 3.50 + tax.  Cheapest lunch in town.
3	I stopped here on the way home from work on Friday to sample some pho. I have to admit, it was the 3.50 pho that made me come. The restaurant was ok, clean, had a big screen tv showing some singing and dancing stuff....good enough for entertainment while we waited for our order. We ordered the tendon, tripe, rare beef, brisket pho, some shrimp salad rolls and a couple of the pork spring rolls. The fish sauce for the spring rolls was really good. usually I find the fish sauce salty but this place had it so you could actually taste the sauce and not the salt. The salad rolls were in a word awesome! They were really big and rolled to perfection and overflowing with shrip. They did use alot of cilantro (that my wife hates) but I really liked it. The peanut dipping sauce was really good too. The pho itself, well it was good, not great but I enjoyed it. The noodles were still in a bit of a ball, I think if the broth had been hotter, that would of fixed it. Oh well, nothing a little stirring and patience couldnt handle. I also found the broth a bit on the salty side as well.The entire meal for both of us which included drinks was only 16.85. I was amazed at what you got for the price. I have finally found a place that has good soup at a reasonable price!
3	1) Decent tasting Veggie Pho, but nothing to get your loins in a quiver about. 2) Large bowl was not really that big, kind of disappointing actually.3) Throw some more veggies in there you tightwads! Oh yeah, how about some tofu also.4) Pho was half off so that was a bonus.5) They charge an extra .50 cents for getting Pho to go. Very amusing.I will stick with Maxim Restaurant for all my Pho needs.
4	My wife and I went there yesterday for lunch and we were not disappointed.  I had the pho and my wife had the crepe.  We also ordered a couple orders of spring rolls and an order of the lotus root salad.  Everything was pretty good; not the best -- but taking into consideration the prices, this place is great.
2	Bleh. This place sucks.Ordered the Pho Bo. Soup was really bland, almost like drinking clear water and the beef was dry. On top of that, the "LARGE" size would be a small at other more casual Pho place. This is definitely one of the more Americanized Vietnamese eateries in Phoenix. If not for their 50% grand opening discount on all dishes ( even though it's been open for so many months now), I probably wouldn't consider trying this place as the base price is over 7$ for the large Pho.There are more decent places out there, such as Khai Hoan in Tempe.
3	A great example of why at least a couple of visits to a GOOD Restaurant are needed before making a final judgment.Remembering that "I Go For The Pho," so on my first visit in late June I ranked it to myself as PHABULOUS PHO at half price no less ($3.50 for big bowl!)! I found the Broth was scrumptious but it lacked enough meat to challenge my favorites, but otherwise EXCELLENT! Unfortunately, I found the Spring Rolls to be gummy and NOT very tasty at all. Unfortunately, on two subsequent visits, I found the Pho to be less than Phabulous, as it had become quite diluted and NOT nearly worthy of my previous lofty ranking. Could it be the dreaded New Chef In The Kitchen Syndrome, or maybe just a de-emphasis on Pho because of their new half price Pho policy? I believe it might be the former, as I retried the Springrolls and they were different and better than before. Regardless, NOT worth another visit by me, unfortunately!
5	Good stuff.  My wife will eat here with me.  That says a lot for a small Asian restaurant in Mesa.  50% off Pho is excellent.  Service is always great.
4	I was born to eat Pho!  My Vietnamese half is always exploring new Pho restaurants while my Chinese side makes me a diligent worker bee toiling away in some sweat shop :P j/k....I like Blue Moon's Pho, about a year ago when I came I couldn't say much of it, but since it's Pho Challenge I'm back.  Yes, my friends a PHO challenge -- I don't know how much Pho exactly but man when you see the bowl you'd slouch in a fetal position with thumb in mouth.  I'm not man enough to do this challenge - I gotta keep my girlish figure haha ;P  Aside from the challenge the Pho has definitely improved.  Decor is modest and modern.  Service was very good and on the ball.  Price --- wow about $3.50 for a bowl of Pho - Yah!  Cheap eats = Full Belly!  - Enjoy!
4	Yes!  I like.  Pho is half price right now... and it's very good!  Nothing beats it on a cold day...
3	A bright spot in a kind of sad, blighted shopping center. Cheap, cheap pho! (Ok, given what's in pho...it probably should be $3.50 a bowl, but the restaurant has to make some money I suppose...). Bowl's a bit smaller than I've seen at other places and broth could be a bit more flavorful, but still a solid meal at a great price. Service is also very quick.
5	Seriously one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area. The food is affordable and the service is just awesome.We come here almost at least three times a week. I always get #51 - Pho Dac Biet. Pretty much has everything in it. When ordered at the small size with a cup of water, the bill only comes to $4 with tax (the Pho is always 50% off all day). How can you beat that? I know the serving size is much smaller than most Pho places, but with a society of being overweight, I would like to see more places offer smaller portions or even give you the option. I always walk out of there feeling stuffed with just the small Pho if I finish the noodles, meat and broth.The flavor of the Pho is clean, not greasy - it is expected since Vietnamese cuisine is a light flavor to start with. I think it is much healthier. You can easily enhance the flavor with some hoisin and sriracha sauce to your liking. The service is great. The owner always greets you with a beautiful smile. She also checks on you to see if you are ok with everything. We definitely come here due to 50% for the food and 50% for the great service.
3	The BF went and picked some pho up for me last night on account of my coughing up a lung. A friend had told me about this place and about their half off pho all the time, so I directed him here. It took him a really long time and I was getting a little worried. So I guess what happened was he didn't have any cash and the bill was under 5$ so the girl wouldn't take a card, so he drove to an atm and then back and then the girl said 'oh I didn't know you were going to the atm, I would have run your card....' WTF? But anyway, I guess that was just a misunderstanding. So this is the first pho I've had in phoenix (I've had pho at like 5+ places in Seattle) and I found it to be smaller and to have less flavorful broth than the pho I've gotten elsewhere. Don't get me wrong, there were very good parts about it too. I got the pho ga and the chicken was actually good (everywhere else I've had it the chicken is really sinewy and not so good) and the noodles were fine. The broth was alright, but could use more flavor even after the addition of basil and jalapenos. So I would not pay their full price for this pho, but if it remains at half off, it's good enough to be worth it.
5	A friend recently read about BlueMoon in the paper and while we were driving by, we decided to "check it out".    We were both very pleased with the choice!    First impressions - clean, small, open and friendly.   I really like spring rolls, so I didn't want to miss out on a wonderful opportunity.   I decided to splurge and get 2 orders of spring rolls and share with my friend.    I got the Shrimp and Pork (tom vat hit - #3A) and BBQ Pork (Thit Nuong - #3D).   Admittedly, after my first one, I didn't want to share!   They were excellent, fresh, and filling.   The Chili-lime fish sauce added an extra zing that made the experience even more rewarding.   For the main course, accompanying the delectable delight of the appetizers (a meal in and of themselves), I decided on the Noodle Soup (Pho).   I went with the Rare steak, flank, brisket, tendon, and tripe rice noodle soup (Pho Tai, Nam, Chin Gan, Sach - #61).     It was delicious and very satisfying.   There are so MANY other dishes on the menu!    I plan on going back as frequently as possible so that I can try them all.  On top of the great food, the service was excellent, and price was modest... you can't go wrong here!Brian SBlueMoon Vietnamese Kitchen1933 W. Main St. Ste, #8Mesa, Arizona 85201Phone: 480 733-7771http://www.bluemoonaz.com/
4	I continue to come to this pho restaurant because of its cheap price. $4 for a bowl??? When the pho cravings kick in, I'm down!! I wouldn't say they make the best pho. They don't provide enough meat compared to the usual pho places back in California, but you get what you pay for! There's a short list of around 10-15 different pho broth bowls that range from $3.50-$4.50, so if you're looking for a cheap meal, look in that portion of the menu. Otherwise, the other items are around average priced.The waitress is really sweet and does what she can to help everyone in the small restaurant. There was bone in one of my bowls, so she completely replaced it with a new one.Overall, as long as I can fulfill my desires and not pay too much to do it, I'm happy!
4	I'm already well past half my card stamps towards a free bowl of pho, the place is definitely somewhere to visit for a Vietnamese craving without quite the cultural infusion likely to be experienced across the street at the Viet shooping center.  Half priced pho with a delectable broth and quality ingredients.  Their shrimp and pork spring rolls are huge and flavorful as well, though I do prefer a mixture of hoisin and rooster sauce over their watery citrus and peanut dipping sauce.The only reason I knocked off a star is that I tend to get the order to-go and what is given as the additions in the pho tend to vary depending on the day, I seem to miss out on either the basil, jalapenos or something or feel a tad gypped on the additions as opposed to when I eat in.P.S. The hostess is very nice...and for you out there interested, usually in something quite revealing.  Soup and show is always a plus. ;-)
5	Being a very experienced pho eater, I must say that the pho at the BlueMoon is excellent!  That, plus the pho is 50% off, so that must have added to my utility.  Veggies were fresh and the service friendly.  Oh, and the appetizer came out only a minute after ordering.  Meal was hot and came out just as we finished the appetizer.Spent a total of $13.61 (including tax) for (2) large bowls of pho, a Thai ice tea and a order of fresh spring rolls.  Our bellies were stuffed and wallets intact.Will eat here again!
4	I heard there aren't many Vietnamese places in Phoenix area. This place is in a quiet shopping center with a lot of empty spaces. The restaurant itself has few tables but clean. Compared to my fav Vietnamese place in NJ I have to say this is not as good but it is plausible. The menu is quite overwhelming with a lot of choices. It maybe confusing to me but a Vietnamese family came at the end of my dinner tells me it is an authentic place after all. I think I will be back when I am in the area again.
3	Friendly and clean.  Went for the half price pho.  The Pho was good but could use bigger pieces of meat and more of it. The meat was cut so thin you could see thru it. And you can not possibly call a tissue paper meat rare.  had the BBQ Rib spring rolls and they were very good.
4	This place is actually a solid 3.5, but it has the potential to be better.  My husband and I came for our weekly date night.  It's an interesting little place.  The decor is not bad, but it's like a cafe and restaurant in one.  On one side you have cafe tables and chairs with menus of boba teas, slushes, and light snacks placed on the wall.  Then, on the other side you have tables, chairs, regular menus, etc.  Kind of odd, I thought.  But whatever, I was there for the food.My husband had the large pho tai (rare beef) with extra beef and noodles.  I had the combination pho with meatballs, rare beef, well done beef, tripe, and tendon.  Unless you like tons of noodles in your pho, I would recommend you don't upgrade the large by adding extra noodles.   It's just way too much noodles and ruins the balance of the noodles, broth, beef, and accompaniments.  I didn't add anything extra and still received a good, filling amount of everything.   We also ordered some shrimp and pork spring rolls and fried squid balls from the cafe menu (squid balls are not gluten-free BTW).  The pho was pretty good.  The broth was pretty flavorful, better than Pho Ao Sen, Khai Hoan, Pho Nhat, and all the pho places at the Meekong plaza, but not as good as Noodles Ranch.  NR's broth has a great depth in flavor that I haven't experienced at any other pho places in the Valley.  Also, although we got a good amount of veggies as accompaniments, except for the bean sprouts, they were a bit limp and didn't manage to give that pop of fresh crispness that the veggies are suppose to give to the savory broth. We also had a bit of trouble with our noodles.  They were all stuck together at the bottom of the bowl as if the noodles sat for a bit after they were cooked and before the broth was added.  The noodles can be easily loosened with your chopsticks (just stick your chopsticks into the noodles and swish the noodles from side to side until they loosen).  However, because the noodles are cold from sitting (which is why they are stuck together), the act of loosening them in the broth ends up cooling down the broth to the extent that when you are finally ready to take your first bite, the pho is just warm and not piping hot.  The spring rolls were okay.  Again, the veggies failed to add that fresh crispness because they were a bit limp, and the amount of pork was lacking.  I also wasn't too hip on the texture of the peanut sauce.  It was a bit slimy.  The fried squid balls were, in my opinion pretty tasty, but they were not what I expected.  For some reason I was expecting something like takoyaki, a popular street food in Japan made of flour, octopus, green onions, dried shrimp, and various other ingredients (if anyone knows where I can get some of these in the Valley, please let me know).  Instead we were served round squid cakes (the kind of seafood cake that is  usually served in Japanese udon), deep fried so that they end up with a chewy, somewhat leathery skin on the outside.  The texture or taste might not be appealing to a lot of people, but I actually liked it.Now for the kicker:  Our entire bill pre-tip came out to $21, including two drinks, which is an amazing deal even with the various issues we had with our meal.  The reason?  They have been running a 50% off special on all their pho.So all-in-all, it was a pretty good meal for the price.  Definitely better pho than all the pho places across the street at the Meekong Plaza, and at a cheaper price.  Also, if you absolutely LOVE pho and think you can put away about four bowls of it in one hour, then you should try their pho challenge (check photo for details).  And good luck if you do.  The bowl they serve all the pho in is bigger than my head.  LOL.
4	Just had to go back for the great deal on pho.  This time the broth was piping hot and stayed that way after the noodles were loosened, and we got crisper veggies although not much of it. . . All-in-all, still 3.5 stars.
3	Inexpensive.  Clean, simple, small restaurant.Like that they have Boba!  The pho was 50% off so very inexpensive.  The price of the tofu spring rolls were cheap and you get 3 HUGE ones.  Way better deal then what we buy at Trader Joes.  I did not care for the rice noodle with tofu and vegetable dish on the Vegetarian menu.  First they sent it out with a fish sauce.  I had to send it back.  Next it had a soy sauce.  It was so flavorless and boring.  I took most of it home and then didn't eat it.I won't hurry back.
2	the pho was just wrong...the waiter was not all there in the mind.
4	I gotta admit, this place was a nice find. 4.50 for a bowl of Pho, with meatballs, brisket, and tripe.  The broth wasnt the best Ive had, but for 4.50 you cant go wrong!   I noticed the menu is different from the online menu, it looks like they are missing a lot of the items listed online.  Also  the Pho is a Flat $3.00 a bowl now with no small or large.  The Flat $3.00 is just for broth and noodles, you add the meats you want for .50 per meat. We also tried the Banh Xeo, This was the star of the day for us, really yummy. Will definitely be back When we are near Mekong for the weekly shopping.  The Best value in AZ for Pho and Viet food, hands down!!
4	Inexpensive and delicious pho!  They have some great deals depending on the time.Although, I did have one bad experience here.  A tiny waitress carrying three or four pho bowls spilled some boiling hot soup on my friend and barely apologized or helped him.  A waitress that tiny shouldn't have been holding that many pho bowls in the first place!  Oh well, it was my friend's first time trying pho and although he liked it  he wasn't too inspired to go for pho again.
5	I had the chicken pho along with some spring rolls. All of the ingredients used were fresh and full of flavor. We ordered to go and the food was ready within 5 minutes. This place is definitely one of my favorite restaurants.
1	Ok Blue Moon, as much as I appreciate your food, I have to give you some tough feedback that hopefully will gone into making your restaurant all that it could and should be. So as already stated, the food is very good. i love Pho and have tried many different varieties around the valley and I think theirs is one of the better ones. They also have some vegetarian friendly options which is great. The ambiance is nice and I like supporting small businesses. Ok. So here's where the rubber hits the road. The restaurant prides itself on making fresh smoothies to order and there seem to be many tasty choices on the menu (I haven't myself had one). However they BLAST THE BLENDER right there in the dining room! It's so awkward and uncomfortable and all conversation is obliterated by the sound. You'd think they'd notice everyone in the restaurant cringe each time they hit the button, but for some reason nothing changes. So my first piece of advice: MOVE THE BLENDER INTO THE BACK ROOM. Its so obnoxious and in it of itself made me not want to come back. The second issue I had was after ordering veggie spring rolls with my vegetarian  girlfriend, we were served spring rolls with PORK in them. My GF was so upset because she actually swallowed a bit. Not only is she vegetarian but she's also Jewish. NOT COOL PEOPLE. I know that Vietnamese eat pork very regularly but most Jews don't and especially vegetarian ones. Now the right thing to do in this circumstance would be to bring a fresh set of vegetarian rolls and comp them for the inconvenience. At least that's what i would have done if it were my restaurant. Not only did this NOT happen, but there was barely an apology. At the checkout counter when we came up to pay the bill, the waitress was trying to talk me into getting a frequent buyer card, completely oblivious to the fact that we'd had a terrible time at their establishment and would NOT be coming back. Seriously, you have good food; please back it up with some basic customer service and humility.
3	BlueMoon Pho is great and cheap. BUT - they need to change their website! All the glitters are not really necessary, just stick to the basic list of menu and items and we're cooler in dealing with that!
5	This place is awesome. I don't eat Vietnamese food very often, so I am in no way a pho connoisseur, but the pho here is good enough for me! In college, my group of friends would be here every weekend for lunch. The people who work here knew us as the mot mess group because we would all be hungover and sometimes still have our whore makeup still on. lol. The staff is alway super nice and the pho was the perfect hangover remedy every time. The spring rolls are amazing and we'd always dip it in some hot sauce to give it a little kick. And who can forget the pho is always half off? SO WORTH IT. My brother also did the pho challenge. He's 6'3", 280lbs so everyone thought he'd do it. He got to the last couple bites and ran to the bathroom. So hilarious, worth $20 in my opinion. If he would have done it he would have got free pho for a year or something. Instead, he's on the wall of shame/losers.
3	Overall, I am a fan. They're a little overpriced for not spectacular pho (couple other places have a more flavorful broth ect...) But this place is great for other things.They have a really great selection of Boba drinks and spring rolls (Not just the standard pork/shrimp combo).  They also have Octopus Balls, Goat, Escargot, Quail...ect.If you're feeling adventerous, give them a go. Otherwise, if you're in the mood for Pho only there are other places that do it a little better.C-
4	For a while they were doing 50% off pho, and I was there almost every week! The pho isn't the best in town, no, but 50% really sealed the deal if I was feeling lazy at night and wanted to go out but didn't want to pound down another block of carbs and meat... your typical American fare.Seriously, if you're trying to improve your diet with healthier foods, try going here for lunch and get a bowl of vegetarian pho!Also worth mentioning, the staff are super polite and attentive. I never mind tipping well here. They also have a little punch card!
5	They have a sort of build your own pho and it's cheap! Delicious and full of flavor, I didn't need to add anything to my tofu, egg yolk and bok choy pho. Absolutely perfection.
2	I was coming here pretty frequently ( average of twice a week).   At first this was because of the great price but the pho grew on me and after having tried a few other local places I decided this would be my go to spot.  I do not expect great service or even an overall clean dining area when consuming Vietnamese food.    I've come to realize that neither of those things matter if the food is fresh and curbs my constant need for pho.  My relationship with blue moon ended when I (the sole dining patron that afternoon) was told to sit wherever as the woman who was working there could not bother to get up from her table full of food she was scarfing down to even put on menu on the table I chose to sit at.  Not a big deal...everyone's gotta eat and I've worked in enough restaurants to know that that this can be hard to fit into your work day.  I also know that It's unprofessional, against health code and not the best start to a diner's experience to witness an employee eating in the dining room.  Since I had to get my own menu and I have seen the woman before I assume that perhaps she realizes I already know what I want as I often order the same thing.  I wait about 2 minutes for her to stop eating and come take my order when another man that works there comes in with a banner that they both proceed to stare at for a few minutes and then sit down to discuss.  Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.  As the next 2 minutes role by with me pondering over the options of breaking up with blue moon and how this will not only impact my eating habits but many other facets of my life,  I decide that I can no longer take the blatant disregard of ANY needs of the only paying customer.  I stare the 7 feet from where I am seated to the other 66.6% of human presence in the room waiting..... After another 2 minutes NOTHING. I fling the menu on the counter and yell "thanks!" to both of them as I storm out.  Yes I could have yelled across the room that I was ready to order...but why?Later blue moon...you lost an easy-to-please-low-maintenance regular.
4	Not the greatest and kind of low on meats, but in AZ, I don't expect much so this will do for the price. Alot better than $10 pho which is ridiculous.But this would not survive in California at all.
4	The first time my husband took me to Blue Moon (we were only besties at the time), I totally freaked out. I wasn't able to grasp the concept of making my own pho and I totally expected to hate it. That was a year ago.... and I have not gone anywhere else since. The broth is so clean and everything tastes super fresh. The customer service could be better, but giving how awesome the food is, I can totally deal.
5	Lemongrass bun is awesome. Price can't be beat and service is great. Spring rolls are also great
4	I eat pho about twice a week and blue moon is fast, cheap, and great! The broth is not too strong or watery. Love love love it. Also, most pho places can be good at the restaurant but horrid for takeout, but blue moon is even better for takeout. I can't say anything about their other menu items, but my friend had their lemongrass chicken and he said he definitely wants to come back. I just wish they didn't close on mondays. Oh and they had 50% off pho but I don't know if that's still going on.
4	This place is great but I dont think its open anymore.   It was closed for a few months due to fire or something.   Has it reopened?
5	Pho is cheap, delicious, and the whole place is simply fantastic. The spring rolls were also very tasty.We come here so often the waiter knows us. I will definitley recommend this place to anyone.
5	Amazing homemade pho the way it should be for a great price. Amazing customer service. The epitome of hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese cuisine.
