2	The lunch experience was extremely lacking for their overpriced and mediocre food along with poor service.  The first thing I heard when I went to the desk to ask to be seated was "You will have to take off your hat to walk through the restaurant".  This created an expectation in me that I would be getting comparable food to the snootiness right off the bat.  The hamburgers we purchased for over $20 could be had at a million better places all over Las Vegas for half the cost.  They gave us some hard French bread rolls that almost broke my teeth before the meal.  The service was poor as well.  Avoid this tourist trap and listen to a local scorned.
5	I recently dined at the Silk Road during a recent stay at Vdara and it was phenomenal! Our server, Massimo, was extremely attentive to our party though out the entire meal. I honestly cannot remember the last time I received such exceptional service.  The food was perfectly prepared. We had two vegetarians in our party and the staff prepared some tofu "scallops" for them off the menu. They truly went above and beyond to make sure we all enjoyed our meal.  I cannot imagine a better welcome to Las Vegas. I will certainly be back on my next trip!
1	martin!!!  this place is TERRIBLE!!!!!the service was actually attentive and decent,  but the food took FOREVER!!!the 4 of us took 2 hours to eat a simple lunch and the place had 5 tables in it including ours. the menu is small and not very borad for lunch,  i had a beet salad, that was tiny and flavorless, and some mussels in a saffron broth that had no flavor either,  the fries were the best thing of the meal. the others had a tomato soup, and mini burgers (so-so), tuna tartare bites, were really good, but the truffle gnocchi was really bad,  they were too soft and had no body to them at all. and the last had the kobe hangar steak,  over cooked and boring.all in all it wqas a pretty lame meal, will not go back and will not tell anyone to try it!
3	Had great coconut chicken soup, pea shoot tortellini, excellent mixed drinks...yummy grilled flat-bread with baba ganoush and shot of hot tomato soup with sumac foam (comp).BUT!!  They told us we were eating last dinner service, that they are no longer open for dinner...makes sense, place was pretty empty at 7pm on a Sat night.
5	My husband and I stumbled onto this place while we were walking around City Center on the first night of our most recent trip, checking everything out. We're big fans of Sensi, and when we saw that Martin Heierling was the executive chef here, we made it a point to eat here during our stay. The next day, we had a wonderful late morning breakfast. In fact I think it was the best breakfast I ever had (and on this trip to Vegas we also had breakfast at Bouchon so that's really saying something). The decor is lovely and modern, and the view wonderful. From our seat, we could see the huge canoe sculpture right out the window, one of City Center's most arresting pieces of outdoor art. The service here was fantastic, too. We arrived at the late side of breakfast, and there were only one or two other tables full. But our waitress was excellent, and after we had finished, the manager came and spoke to us for a while about the restaurant, Vdara, and Vegas in general. Business was a bit slow, but not because the food or service was lacking! I hope that things pick up for them; it's a wonderful place and I'd like to go back when we return this summer. But on to the food, which was amazing: I had the blueberry and ricotta pancakes with honeycomb butter, candied rose petals, and orange blossom syrup. I know that getting the pancakes doesn't sound very adventurous, but these were no ordinary pancakes. They were THE. BEST. PANCAKES. EVER. They were at once rich and light, the flavors blended perfectly, and the portion size was right on. Not too much, just enough. I also had the Bellini, one of my favorite breakfast drinks. That too was excellent. My husband had the free range turkey hash with Turkish eggs, a spiced butter and a Greek yogurt relish. The flavors here were rich and exotic, and it was a beautiful dish. I've had hash before, but never anything like this. I wish I could have this breakfast tomorrow, and I will definitely come back here. What we had was so good that I might get the exact same things even though I'm tempted to try out the rest of the great looking menu. We loved every minute of it!
3	We ate breakfast here. Their speciality is the Eggs, eggs, eggs. It is eggs cooked three ways: scrambled, fried and poached. The dish looked really nice. It's a small portion, which we actually liked (breakfast tends to be too large in terms of portions). The taste was OK. Nothing spectacular. We also sampled the ricotta pancakes. Nothing special here either. The accompaniments were good, but I would rather spend the calories at Jean-Philippe next door at the Aria. Tea was very good (about $6.50). Total for the meal was a bit high, just under $45 for the two breakfast items and the tea. One comment: could the female server be dressed in a bit more modest uniform. It just seemed more light nightclub hostess attire and was not appropriate for a breakfast place. The service was quite good.
4	Try the steak salad, lobster wrap, excellent.For breakfast get French Toast. It was exquisite!!!! We're coming back for more. 4.5 stars
4	This review is for breakfast. Coffee was great! Illy French press. Most of the "sweet" breakfast items were not as sweet as usual, which was nice for a change. The decor is crazy retro-70's. Cute in its gaudiness.Blueberry-ricotta pancakes: Nice and fluffy yet dense. Not as many blueberries as I'd like. The orange blossom syrup didn't really taste like much. And I know orange blossoms!Eggs, eggs, eggs: Makes me think of a Lady gaga song. Good! Spinach didn't hve enough flavor. Otherwise quite enjoyable. Eggs Benedict: Great! Lots of lemon and not too much Hollandaise.
5	We loved silk road so much we ate breakfast there twice.  During our two trips we throughly enjoyed the crispy french toast, Greek yogurt parfait, eggs three ways dish and blueberry ricotta pancakes; no complaints with any of the dishes.  The French pressed illy coffee was also exceptional.  Cetainly not an inexpensive breakfast but was worth the money.
4	Stayed at Vdara so decided to try Silk Road out on the first day of my trip. I was trying to make sure I didn't feel bloated for the pool so decided not to go with the ricotta and blueberry pancakes that I really wanted. Instead I opted for a bowl of oatmeal. Oatmeal you say? Yes oatmeal and it was great. There was some banana compote and hard sugar streusel that just melted right into the oatmeal. My bf had the cream of wheat with a side of bacon. We also ordered a side of the ham and cheese beignets. Everything was quite tasty, only wish I could have explored the menu a little more.
5	My husband and I are just returning from a week in Vegas staying at the Bellagio. On this and previous vacations here we have enjoyed eating our breakfast al fresco at the pool cafe. However, with the addition of the City Center complex and thanks to a line at the pool cafe we have found a new favorite for breakfast at Silk Road in Vdara. It is simply one of our very favorite places for breakfast EVER!!!  We just ate there the past three mornings-phenomenal!  I can't say enough good things about it and the waitstaff- a different one each day and they were all The French press coffee is smooth and perfectly brewed.  We had omelettes the first day with pastries and the tropical fruit. The omelttes were solidly good and the tropical fruit excellent with beautiful presentation and a decadent side of sweet tahini yogurt. There was even a half of a fresh lilikoi (passion fruit)!  The second morning we again shared a continental breakfast with pastries, juice, and coffee along with the tropical fruit.  I chose the morning sliders-two small tenderloin sandwiches and a third sandwich as a take on bacon, egg, and cheese all on brioches. Wow!!!  My husband had the turkey hash which was also fabulous!  It is a hash of turkey and potatoes but with an alluring blend of Turkish spices and topped with two eggs.  Soooo tasty! This morning we had the same as yesterday except I tried the signature Eggs Eggs Eggs dish and my husband opted for egg whites scrambled on top of his hash. The Eggs Eggs Eggs dish is a trio of takes on classic egg dishes-a poached egg atop the turkey hash topped lightly with hollandaise, a fried quail atop a tasty fried (but not greasy) potato cake, and scrambled egg served in a shell upon steamed spinach all topped with a light salt foam.  Oh boy!!!  Overall everything was get-it-again worthy. Can't wait to eat breakfast here again on future trips!
3	This review pertains to their brunch menu.The Skinny: blueberry ricotta pancakes alone would garner a 4 however the deficits of other menu items leave this one a (3), service - must have been an off day because it was a (2), value - brunch is normally a rip off but this place is not that bad considering the amount of food you receive. However I would avoid any beverages in the place(3).We made a reservation on a lazy Sunday morning looking to try their brunch. At first we didn't really understand how the brunch menu worked as we didn't see the obligatory chafing dish set up anywhere. Finally, we got a hold of our server who explained that the brunch menu is like a prix fixe menu (served tableside) for $39.We ordered the brunch prix fixe menu (it also came with an "eye opener" drink which included a choice of mimosas, bellinis, etc) and the blueberry ricotta pancakes.The brunch prix fixe menu had a beautiful presentation and was served almost like a small afternoon tea. It started with a basket of pastries (cheese danish, 2 pain au chocolat), greek yogurt with granola and berries, a mini fruit plate, and a mini bagel with lox.The pastries were okay - the flavours were correct but lack enough flakiness to make them truly decadent. The bagel with lox lacked smoked salmon and had too much onion and capers. The greek yogurt parfait was good but needed a little more granola to sweeten it.The second course was the pastrami sliders, mini quiches, a sausage hash and plate of eggs any style with bacon and asparagus. The pastrami sliders were delicious, juicy and the brioche bun was in a perfect ratio to the filling. The mini quiches were a little on the bland side with an mediocre crust. The sausage hash was okay but nothing special. The eggs lacked seasoning although the accompanying bacon, hash browns and asparagus were well prepared (nice textures and crispness to all of them).The final course consisted of the apple french toast with compote and the nutella/banana crepes. The crepes themselves were lovely however they could have used more banana inside. The apple french toast had an unusual ?cornflake crust on top which did add to the crispness of the outside. The inside lacked some of the luscious egg custard flavours of a great french toast though. The apple compote was wonderful and the combination of flavours in this dish were nice.Finally, the order of blueberry ricotta pancakes ($14). These were by far the best thing we had that morning. The fluffiness of the pancake with the light crisp outer shell made these ones hard to beat. Accompanied with some honeycomb butter, whipped cream and an amazing orange blossom syrup, this is the dish to come back for.Our service overall was rather lacking for a high end restaurant. First of all, our server did not take the time to explain the menu (ie, how the brunch menu worked) and only seemed to be interested in whether we would be ordering any beverages (which are a rip off here - $10 for coffee, $7 for juice... 'nuff said). Secondly, our water glasses remained rather low (actually empty for the most part) for the duration of the meal which is rather unacceptable in a place of this caliber. Third, our server did not place the food in the correct manner according to who ordered them (ie, I had some of my husband's dishes, even though I didn't order them). So overall, I would say this place is a 3 star establishment in light of the poor service and some items on the brunch menu. I would highlight that if one were to go, do try the heavenly blueberry ricotta pancakes or their pastrami sliders but don't go for the brunch menu.
5	I LOVE Silk Road. I too am a breakfast fanatic. I don't normally do breakfast but when I do... I want it to be awesome. I got the french toast [amazing] and my bf had eggs benedict. I forget the formal name for these items, but the flavor and presentation was impeccible. The French Press coffee is in my top three list of "best coffees" and they left the press on the table! I drink coffee so fast that no human waiter has any chance of refilling it in a timely manner so leaving the pot on the table is the best solution to this problem. The jet set style decor is fantastic! I've had breakfast all over Las Vegas and this is my favorite place so far. If anyone has been here and can recommend a better place--please do so. Because I love food and ambience.
5	Excellent restaurant in Vdara. Quite and reserved, yet intimate. The food is fantastic.
4	A wonderfully modern place for breakfast or an early lunch. My buddies ordered breakfast, but I ordered the Silk Road burger (black angus beef with fries). Oh so good with your choice of condiments (tomatoes, pickles, onions, lettuce, fried egg, beets, swiss cheese, jack cheese, cheddar, and bacon).The burger was tasty and the shoestring fries were a definite treat. Everything was certainly fresh and beautifully presented. The service was prompt and the waiter came back repeatedly to ensure everything was okay.If you have to *ahem* go while you're there, the co-ed restroom is worth checking out too.
3	A 5-star breakfast dragged down by a surly hostess, mediocre coffee and high prices. I started with the crispy French toast, accompanied with an amazing compote topping and a flavorful glaze with citrus zest (instead of syrup). Bacon was fine. We switched plates and I finished with the blueberry ricotta pancakes that I ordered again upon our return two days later. Hostess was still surly! Quit and go be happy, Emo hostess in unflattering dress. Breakfast for two: $50 w/ coffee.
4	After passing by one evening, my girlfriend said we HAD to try this place for brunch.So on our last day, we stopped in just before 2pm (when the breakfast and lunch menus end).  She decided on the blueberry and ricotta pancakes with orange blossom syrup and it was a tough choice between eggs benedict and the morning sliders, but heck, I can get those eggs anywhere.The morning sliders came with 3 - two beef sliders and one pork slider with a quail egg.  I'm glad I got those because they were quite tasty.  Now the pancakes...HIGHLIGHT of the meal.  I have never had pancakes that good, thick, and moist.  The honeycomb butter was delish!  I would come back just for them.The ambiance is modernly hip and the service was good (there was only one other table there).  The bathrooms are very cool (as is everything in Vegas) and you can just tell that everything at the Vdara exudes taste and quality.  I can't wait to bring the lady back here!
2	The food was good: menu was mostly Asian fusion food. However, the portions was small.  I had a peking duck lettuce wrap, listed as an entree (which I asked to make sure because that's usually an appetizer), and I was definitely still hungry after wards.The biggest problem we had was that not all the ingredients is listed on the menu.  My friend ordered a turkey panini wrap, and it came with bacon and avocado.  And she doesn't eat pork. And since it was a wrap, she didn't know until she bit into it.And our waiter didn't do anything to compensate for their mistake, or the fact that it took so long to get it fixed. Which I don't understand why the service was slow and not very helpful at a nice hotel, that wasn't very busy...?
1	THE SILK ROAD HAS CLOSED, PERMANENTLY.This was completely unclear from the little sign out front, that read "Silk Road is closed, please visit the Market Cafe".When we walked by and saw the sign, I figured they were only open for dinner.Later that night we walked by again, and I thought maybe they're closed on Wednesdays??The following evening the space was open, being used for a private event.It wasn't until the third day that I realized the restaurant isn't just closed, it's CLOSED.This is a bummer, because it now means there is no proper restaurant in Vdara, if you want a meal, you'll have to leave the hotel. If you want a sandwich or a short-order breakfast, you can visit the Market Cafe, as long as you get there before 8pm.
4	Oh no! I'm so sad to hear this place is closed! I'm very surprised that there are not better reviews. I really liked this place! Being an Interior Designer there was so much to see in the decor, so many cool finishes. But on to the food...I went there a couple times this/last year when I was in Vegas for NYE, and I was a happy customer! What I keep craving and sad to know that I don't be eating there were the potatoes! OH MY! They were crispy on the outside and soft and full of flavor on the inside. There was no need to add ketchup, salt, pepper nor hot sauce! Actually...I did try it with Tabasco and they were yummy like that as well. Even their fruit salad was amazing. One of the fruits was passion fruit! MY FAV!! The coffee was also very good (I think that's when I became a coffee addict) and their juices were yummy as well, I liked the OJ and watermelon!I am also a sucker for presentation and good service, which they had. The girls in the from seemed snobby and like they did not want to be working there (hence the 4 stars) But every waiter we got was super nice! And of course the food was presented so pretty!Ohh...and big plus on the rest rooms! Loved them! They are for both Men and Women because each bathroom has its sink inside with nice big doors.Really a bummer it's not there anymore!
5	For those you love a beautiful crafted breakfast this was the place to go in Vegas. I'm so sad to see this place go. It was actually one of the highlights of my stay at the Vdara hotel in the new City Center off the strip. It was a wonderful experience. Unfortunately, I believe since it was so pushed away from the strip and other venues, this place unfairly suffered the lack of traffic other less par places got. I had the fluffy Blueberry-ricotta pancakes with orange blossom syrup.
