5	I was in town and my computer froze up before I had to give a big presentation. A friend recommended Aaron and he was a life-saver. He showed up, and untangled the mess I had created on my hard-drive. The best part was that he was patient with me, answering all my questions, and before he left he made sure I understood how not to get into the same mess again. He's passionate about what he does and it shows in the customer service I received. If you have a problem, I would highly recommend him.
5	I found Aaron Stein, Your Computer Guy, on Yelp. The two reviews were right on! He got back to me swiftly. Came to my home the next day. Fixed all the issues fast. I will recommend him to anyone and will definitely use Aaron for all of  my computer needs. It is very comforting to know there is someone out there like him you can depend on.
5	I also found Aaron Stein, Your Computer Guy on Yelp. Having recently moved to the Scottsdale area, I was in the need for some quick assistance from an IT pro. Aaron responded to my request for help right away and was literally in our office within 2 hours of our call. He helped to troubleshoot a sick PC and improved its performance substantially. Aaron is friendly, knowledgeable and honest. Would not hesitate to recommend him.
5	I was searching for a computer guy knowledgeable on dual platforms. I have both a Mac and a PC to deal with and Aaron is the REAL deal. He is so knowledgeable and researches extra things after he leaves to provide even further service. He handled my printer, modem, router, and the computers when Cox and HP could not get the wireless printing to stay working. He have us so many tips to write down and refer to that have actually saved me a lot of money. He right away explained why the brand new $160 combo router and modem would be problematic. Saved me money and now it all works great.  I recommend this guy. I have referred him to others who have called me raving. I have him on speed dial and he's my first call for computer related issues. He's reasonably priced and well worth his fees.
5	I had a laptop that was giving me fits.  I have used the computer repair stores in the past and was tired of them.  When I first saw Aaron's site I have to admit I was a little wary that I wasn't going to take my computer to him.  It's the norm, but doesn't really mean you can trust the work.  I can say I'm not worried at all now.  He came and worked on the laptop and certainly got some more life out if it.  He also made some very good suggestions on what I needed to do on my own.  I can say I won't hesitate to use him again if I need to.  He did made a follow-up call the next day to see if everything was working okay.
