5	Victor, from Starbrite came to our home today. He helped move all the furniture and did an elaborate cleaning routine to get the carpet looking as good as it did 20 years ago! He is very professional, and easy to schedule with. He is a certified technician and it is obvious because of all the professional equipment he brings with him.  He is not one of those fly by night carpet cleaners that just uses all your hot water and a rental unit, and once they are done, they are out of business! His company's excellence will allow him to endure the test of time and when you book him, you will use him each time you need your carpet cleaned. I did not do it this time, but I plan on having him clean my tile/grout as well as my couches and chairs. I highly recommend him. I just love my clean home!!
5	Victor arrived promptly, confirmed the jobs to be accomplished and immediately went to work. After returning home I was pleasantly surprised to find no traces of the many stains and spills my children had made over the summer.  Victor went above and beyond our expectations. We have since made many recommendations to our neighbors and have since heard that they all received the same great service. Additionally, we hired him to detail our automobile, the price and attention to detail was nothing short of exceptional. The quality of work exceeded what we have received from many other companies in the valley but the price was a third less than anything else we've found in 3.5 years. Kudos to starbrite.
5	I would give Victor 10 stars if I could. We have used several carpet cleaning services in the past. I have to say they never did a very good job cleaning the carpets. No shows, late, and some are very dishonest. If you are tired of carpet cleaning companies, who won't, and can't, do a good job, cleaning your carpets. And if you are tired of dishonest "Scammers"  trying to cheat, and steal valuables, from your home. Than please call Victor from Starbrite Cleaning Services. He is honest, and reputable. Thanks Victor, for doing a great job.
