1	Boo.  Hiss.  Okay, despite the name 'bistro' attached, Hong Kong Bistro is only a half-step up from fast-food Chinese.  I grew up back east with the best Chinese place just down the street from me, so I have to try all these close places in the hopes of finding a gem.  Keep looking.  The food isn't ALL that bad, maybe a two-star. I've had worse at Panda Express and other MSG-happy dives.  But the service is excruciating. They are "under new management" and I tolerated them a lot better when they were brand new and under the "original" management.  I don't know who these people are who are running this place now, but it's a joke.I went recently to get takeout.  I'm standing there waiting for this uber-creepy guy to run my credit card, and he's leering at me, and he says, "Declined" as the sheet is printing from the card machine.  "What?" I ask.  "Declined," he laughs.  Then hands me the slip to sign.  Humor is lost in the translation.Then today was a nightmare.  35 minutes for one lunch special and some crab puffs.  This skinny, pimply woman with absolutely no handle on the English language was running around screeching "I new!  I new!" and not helping anyone.  The phone was ringing, customers were coming to the counter to ask for refills...  A little boy waiting when I was exclaimed to his father, "I don't understand anything she's saying."  Yeah, neither did anyone else.  When she was done screaming into the phone repetitively (I guess the guy on the other end couldn't understand her either) and I finally had my order taken, it was like pulling teeth.  She actually got on the PHONE and handed it to me, "Here.  Manager," and HE took my order.  ARE YOU SERIOUS??  Where the hell is he that he can't schlep his ass into the restaurant to save this poor wretch?When I got my food after 35 minutes, it was cold and awful.  The beef lo main was at least edible, the crab puffs were icy and the fried rice, was ugh, just awful. And now, to quote Marge from "Fargo", "Just feel like I'm gonna barf."
3	Honest to goodness the best chinese food I've ever had was at a tiny family owned restaurant on the island of Santorini in Greece, maybe it had something to do with being so over Greek food by the second week of my trip but ever since then I've been on a seach for a non-chain restaurant in the states that compares.  My husband and I just moved to Chandler a couple of months ago and found Hong Kong Bistro as we were driving to the supermarket one day. We decided to check it out. The small restaurant was cute, the staff was very helpful and polite, our waitress asked if it was our first time, made suggestions and asked for our names to remember for the next time.  I ordered the Garlic Chicken, just as good as any I've had at any other chinese restaurant, the egg drop soup was also good, it had corn it which was a little weird but still good. My husband ordered the Gang Pang chicken which was spicy and very good.  They have a combo special where you add $1 to your meal and get a crab puff, egg roll, soup and fried rice added to your already very well priced main dish. They also have a small bar which looked fully loaded to me.  All in all it was as good as any other chinese restaurant I've been to, not the best, but for the price and location I was pleased and would definitely go back.
3	2.55 StarsHong Kong Bistro is one of those restaurants that is nearby and I thought I had already reviewed it.They are a pretty basic Chinese restaurant with decor one step above the typical hole in the wall joint.Expect average quality and prices, no more, no less.The people here are friendly.  I have nothing else to say about Hong Kong Bistro and you may consider that a reflection of my experience here as much as anything else.
4	Been looking for a neighborhood Chinese rest since we got to AZ and I think we finally found it. Food was hot, fresh and tasty. The menu was uninspired but comfortable with the usual selections. Add a combo to any meal for $1 and get soup,egg roll, crab rangoon, and fried rice
4	This place is situated in a strip mall that surrounds Bashas'.  Is this Chandler or what?  I thought it was Queen Creek.Having been looking for someplace new to have lunch, I remembered seeing this place in passing and thinking, "Bistro..?".Well, yes, it's not a bistro.  It is, in fact, a standard Chinese restaurant.  But one thing seems to be pretty certain with these types of places,....lunch specials.  It's really hard to go wrong with a lunch special.Considering the proximity of Hong Kong Bistro to my place of work (BFE) along with the relative affordability and efficiency I experienced, I'm giving this place a big fat four star rating.  It was mad decent, as the kids say (or said maybe three years ago).  It was also mad empty with only two or three other groups of patrons.I like my Chinese hostesses/cashiers to be a little more adamant and curt.  I like it when they direct me to where I'm going to sit without any second thought or consideration to where I'd like to be placed.  I expect them to immediately take my order and then sigh or roll their eyes when I ask for a brief moment to look over the menu.  Unfortunately, this wasn't the case here.  The hostess was extremely pleasant.She asked me if I was ready to order and I told her that I was but then said "Well, I have a couple questions."  I didn't really have questions but just wanted to see what she would do."All of our entrees are made with white meat," was the answer I received when I asked about a particular chicken dish.In the end, I ordered Gang Pang Chicken because it sounded funny almost like Gang Bang Chicken but really, it was surprisingly good.  It's like General Tso Chicken minus the broccoli plus jalapenos.  Pretty freaking rad.I never order drinks outside of hot tea and water because yes, I'm a cheap bastard.  The waitress kept both filled to the brim.  Awesome.When all was said and done, I paid $6.50 and dropped a two dollar tip because I felt it was worthy. I'll probably come back sometime.
5	This is our favorite family place to go for dinner.  We love the food and the staff is so nice and friendly, we feel like we are at home.We have yet to have a bad meal hear and we have tried many dishes.  The portions are huge and everything is cooked to order quickly and it is so yummy.  Don't be alarmed if the restaurant looks empty, they do a ton of take out.  If you are in South Chandler and like Chinese food, you must dine here.
5	My family and I have been going to this place for years.  They are very polite and get the orders right the first time.  It isn't a trendy "meat market" but it's a nice family place to sit down and have some good Chinese food.
4	We drive from east Gilbert all the way to south Chandler for the food here. They have great combinations & we've never been disappointed. The staff is very friendly and the menu is diverse. It's a great place! We recommend the orange chicken and the lemon chicken.
4	I'm usually very skeptical when it comes to Chinese food. So finally after 5 years of living in the area I have found the place. Its not upscale and not a "bistro" just a regular restaurant in a strip mall. But this place has fast service and delicious food.
4	My wife and I keeps coming back to this restaurant. My usual favorite is their Mongolian beef and my wife likes their Pork lo mein. We've been a loyal customer sincewe discovered this restaurant in 2009! Very good job HB! you know what that means :).
4	Bistro might be a little much --- HOng Kong Bistro is a little Chinese restaurant in a shopping center.  The owner, Michelle, always give us a warm welcome and the staff always does everything possible to assure satisfaction, refilling beverages and checking back.   Once I couldn't decide between the Garlic Chicken and Cashew Chicken, so Michelle said they would add garlic to the Cashew Chicken; that is now my own signature dish!  My husband loves the Hot & Sour Soup and the Beef Chow Fun.  We upgrade and for $1.25 more, we get soup, appetizers and fried rice; what a deal!  Prices are cheap, portions huge and the service is friendly!  $20 for dinner for 2 and we always leave with leftovers; it's the best deal in town!
5	How great can my Birthday be? HK Bistro is still the best Chinese Restaurant we discovered in Chandler. Unsurpassed and not expensive. Very friendly and attentive. Mongolian Beef, Beef Lomein and Chicken with Broccoli so tasty. Keep up the good work Michelle.
2	Not consistent since the place was sold. I would drive a few miles and go to Yao's. A much better place.
4	I think they've been thru an owner change in the last year. Currently, the food is excellent. It is fresh tasting Chinese food, versus the oil-laden stuff you get at most cheap Chinese places. I'm guessing that they put the Chinese vendor in the nearby Basha's out of businees. We like all their offerings and have not been disappointed. One nice story - we were eating in their restaurant one night and got some strange tasting lemon chicken - seemed like old chicken. I believe it was the owner who came out to field our complaint - tasted the chicken, made a sour face, simplhy said "No, that is bad.", grabbed the entree, and went back to the kitchen. Within a couple minutes, we had a fresh batch which tasted perfect. She credited us for the chicken and another entree. Needless to say, we're regular customers.
5	You'll give this place 5 stars also if you go in with the right expectations. Is the food the best Chinese I've ever had? Probably not, but it's definitely better than average. Here's how I put it to a friend: Their food is somewhere between Panda Express and a higher end Chinese joint,  BUT a better value by far then either of those. The food is clean, the service is fast and best of all, you won't find many better "bangs for your buck". We recently fed a family of 6 for 43 dollars and I was eating leftovers for lunch for three days. Love it! Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
3	Good take away.  My big issue with this place is that the breading on their food is far too thick..Also, when was there a convention to make all Kung Pao chicken crappy?Always order the combo meal...it's cheaper than the packaged meals and you get more food going with the combo.
5	what more can I say this place is fantastic food and evertything was great!The service was fantastic... 5 STARS
5	We tried a few chinese restaurants before we found this one.  Once found a smile of relief spread across our face.  They have consistently good food.  They are always friendly and have good customer service.
4	Amazing food! Get the Pot stickers and the chicken and broccoli dish! Probably close to my favorite Chinese food place next to my house! (: I recommend trying them!
4	Good option for take out Chinese. Or even eating in - we had nice service there. Friendly staff.
5	Best Chinese in chandler, potstickers are amazing!  Came in on a Saturday even though yelp says it's closed, glad I did.  We had the fried rice which honestly is better than most places around here.  The happy family and seafood here was delicious.Would definitely return.
4	We've been going here off and on for a couple years now.This is a family restaurant, not a chain.The food is very good; we've never been disappointed.  Egg drop soup is very flavorful and rich.  The entrees are very generous--always more than we can eat so we have take-home along with dine-in!The atmosphere is fairly quiet, though rarely empty.I told them I liked food with a "hot" flavor.  They accommodated me!   whooof!!!
3	We like the food and think we get a good value for our money, but the service from the main lady is very bad.  Everyone else is pleasant.
5	Great food, great service and great prices!! What else can a person want in family restaurant. I had their succulent Egg Foo Yung and my wife had the Lo Mein Shrimp on their lunch special.
1	The last two visits were just not good.  About six weeks ago, we went with another couple and the service was downright horrible.  We had to repeatedly ask for things like hot mustard and the server was rude and abrupt.Last night we attempted to go again.  It was very warm as soon as we walked in.  The same server as the last time greeted us.  I asked if the air conditioning was on and she walked away without answering.  She returned a couple minutes later, presumably to take our beverage order.  Again I asked if she could turn down the thermostat.  She responded rudely saying, "You do it."  Not feeling comfortable taking that upon myself. I asked for the manager.  Raymond came over and said he didn't have authority to do that and would have to ask his uncle.   At that point, we said we were leaving.  We were not sitting in a restaurant that was 82+ degrees and smelly....we love their food, but this group of servers had no idea about customer service.
5	Wish I had found this place sooner!!  Great food and great service!! Family owned!! Plus, they remember their customers and treat them right!! Thank you, Hong Kong Bistro!!
4	Good for a local restaurant.   Tried the bell pepper beef and twice cooked chicken.  The beef was good but I wouldn't recommend it twice cooked chicken.  We wanted the lobster and steak but they didn't have any lobster,  so they substituted scallops.  Fried rice was excellent and the portions were large.
1	Fried rice was worst i ever eat...im grow up asia and i go out eat some other place around here but this is worst place.And service people are not so good little rude.Im so disappointed. . . .
1	honk kong dong, would rather eat dong
