4	Very fresh and authentic dim sim and or Mexican. This Chinese/Meican concept restuarant provides a greta spot for lunch, casual dinner or a tweener. Very good small plates allow you to enjoy a little of everything that the open kitchen has to offer. Loved the sticky buns, veggie din sum and the lamb dumplings. Did not try any of the mexican but from the looks of the table next to us - you can't go wrong.
2	I was intrigued by the idea of Chinese/Mexican fusion but unfortunately in a combination of poor service and incomplete menu descriptions, my visit was less than stellar.We ordered the $12 guac which was pretty much like guac anywhere they make it fresh, so the price was a bit crazy.  The house-made tortillas were fine, but not mouthwatering buttery softness like when I make them which is weird cause I just use Maseca...The shrimp mojo was the best item we ordered though I thought the shrimp had a very strong aftertaste.  The combo of sweet garlic, poblano, and onion was good thoughThe spring rolls were fried so in my world that would be an eggroll. Either way the veggie mixture inside was less than average in taste.  The flavor is indescribable except that I would not ever order them again.The refried beans with cheese and crema (less than a spoonful) came out looking like a turd on a plate.  Even the waiter laughed when we looked  at it.  They were not worth 7 bucks but it was average.And finally the Glass noodle dish.  I ordered it to be my main course.  It was cold, which was nowhere in the description, which was a disappointment to me because the restaurant itself was freaking Antarctica.  Besides the initial disappointment, the flavor was not great, salty and over-bearing sauce drowned the veggies. The portions are very small as well.The waiters kept bringing food to our table that wasn't ours and then looking at us like we were crazy when we explained we didn't order anything like that (mostly it was tacos and later a soup\...wtf?) Also the food came out like sushi, one plate at a time in completely random order. It was weird. I usually do not take stars away for service, but in this case the service was so disorganized and bizarre, I felt I must.
5	We were very impressed with China Poblano. To start with, you might like to read this informative story about the ideas behind the place: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/13/dining/13andres.html The decor is very intriguing, with design coming from SEED. The hybridity of Mexico and China is reflected in the interesting visuals--Mao next to Frida Kahlo and other variations. The entrance includes a fast-food looking window (Chinese Food), complete with noodle bar, and a second fast-food window (Mexican Food) with a tortilla bar. The visual design elements heighten the diner's sense that something hybrid is at play here. We really enjoyed our server who was very informative about the choices. We sampled the Love Is in the Air (a molecular gastronomic take on an heirloom tomato salad). We found the play between salty and sweet to be incredible. The sugar foam is very interesting and I found my taste buds unable to determine, at any one moment, whether it was salty or sweet. The Beijing Glass was perhaps the best noodle dish that we have had. It was outstanding in every respect. Dancing Eggplant is a visual dish that includes bonito flakes that move up and down due to the steam rising from the cooked eggplant. Again, an outstanding dish with perfectly cooked eggplant and a delicious sauce. The only down side was the taco (Chicen Mole). As other reviewers have offered, there is nothing to write home about in terms of the tortillas. They don't seem to replicate street food quality. The chicken was tender, but not the best mole. Perhaps they can work out those kinks. Overall, you shouldn't miss this place. The experience and food is intriguing. Jose Andres is a true genius and artist.
5	Chipotle Retried bean tacos...yes just beans n some peppers..fkn rockstar...great entertainment watching the cooks pull fresh noodles!!
4	My wife and I were eager to try this restaurant having just finished a five year stint in Washington DC where we became big fans of Chef Jose Andres.  China Poblano didn't disappoint.We sat at the Dim Sum/Noodle Bar (there's also a Taco Bar as well as regular dining tables) overlooking chefs meticulously preparing different dim sum dishes.  My wife ordered a margarita, which comes topped with a salt foam in lieu of the traditional salt-rimmed glass, while I ordered a Singapore Sling.  Both were quite tasty.While we looked over the unique menu we ordered up some lengua tacos (don't knock 'em until you try 'em), which were one of our favorites at Oyamel (a Jose Andres restaurant in DC).  The tacos were as delicious as we remembered them.Meanwhile, the dim sum chefs in front of us inspired us to try some lamb pot stickers which had a nice flavor highlighted by some cumin and other seasonings.  A gentleman next to us was eating some type of Chinese sandwich which looked and smelt fantastic. We decided to get one for ourselves to see if it tasted as good as it looked.  Sure enough, the Rou Jia Mo sandwich was simply awesome.  My wife and I agreed that it would make a great late night snack...especially if you had a few drinks.The one downside about most of the dishes at China Poblano is their size.  If you go on an empty stomach, plan on ordering a few dishes.  Of course, that also means you get to try more dishes which is something I can live with.Now that my wife and I are based on the West Coast we go to Vegas often, and now that Jose Andres has a great place like China Poblano here I'm guessing we'll be frequent visitors.
3	I was super excited to have been able to get dinner reservations at China Poblano on its opening day.  Having grown up eating a lot of Chinese and Mexican food, I was excited about this fusion of such different cuisines.  Furthermore, I had high expectations for a restaurant of Chef Jose Andres.  Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed by my experience at this new casual dining restaurant.First, service was not up to par.  Despite our 7 o'clock reservations, we had to wait about 45 minutes to get seated.  We were comped guacamole and chips for the long wait, which was a nice gesture.  Servers kept bringing us dishes which were meant for other tables, which became annoying after the third time.  Second, the food was just okay.  The menu is split up between Mexican cuisine and Chinese cuisine, with a few fushion dishes.  I thought the whole menu would consist of fusion dishes. We ordered a variety of dishes from both sections of the menu -- nothing really stood out as being delicious.  The al pastor taco was good.  The fries with mole was interesting. The hot and sour soup was salty.  The dishes are all very small, tapas style and they bring out everything as it is ready. For dessert we ordered the chocolate warrior and giggling buddha.  Both looked interesting but neither tasted good. As for decor and ambiance ... the restuarant is casual, the atmosphere is fun.  The decor is kinda tacky looking.  With all of its bright colors and funky decorations, it kind of reminded me of Pink Tacos.All in all, I love the concept and the history behind the fusion of Mexican and Chinese food. I also feel like the China Poblano has a lot of potential.  However, it definitely has a lot of kinks it needs to work out before it can be a big hit.
5	We had a great Christmas lunch here. Overall the food was good, but nothing to rave about. It takes some time to get used to having Chinese and Mexican at the same time. I recommend the rou jia mo street sandwich, shrimp mojo, and lamb potstickers. Papas frites (fries) were excellent as well, but I would order it with the toppings on the side. Just don't get the 20 vegetable fried rice...it was boring, the portion was tiny, and definitely not worth $16.88!The main reason I'm giving it 5 stars is the desserts. They were amazing! we had mango sticky rice, happy buddha gello, and coconut tapioca balls. They were all delicious without being too sweet. I also loved the interior with funky mix of Mexican and Chinese decorations.
1	If you don't want buffets in Vegas but you still want a meal that would fill you up, China Poblano is not a place for you. Basically the portions were extremely small considering the prices you had to pay. The most disappointing dish we had was the Mongolian beef dish. We thought we were going to have a full meat dish. It ended up looking like a salad dish with more lettuce than meat in it, and the meat were in extremely small sizes. I also saw the face of our neighbor's when he got the same dish. He was shocked just as we were when he received the dish. I thought Chinese and Mexican food usually serve big portions. Not here. It's definitely not worth your money for a middle class family. I was still hungry after the meal. This is an embarrassment for such a beautiful hotel that just opened for a week...I felt kind of cheated eating here. Instead, I recommend to take your money to the Cosmo. buffet.
2	This place sounded awesome: half mexican food half chinese. They also have a noodle show where you see  some guy pull a piece of dough into noodles. According to everything, hand pulled noodles are supposed to have excellent texture compared to machine made noodles and should be awesome. So i was super excited about the idea that maybe i won't have to fly to china to enjoy hand pulled noodle anymore. Well I should've taken it as a bad sign when I asked the waitress for the dish with the hand pulled noodles and she looked at me like it was the first time she's heard of it.  She tells me the Unruly Monk dish should be the one that has it. Next I also ordered a beef tongue taco.As I waited for the food I watched the chef pull the noodles and then another bad sign. I realized he never once successfully finish pulling the noodles. Half way he would quit cause he messed up. For my entire meal he "finished" making noodles twice but he never brought them to the kitchen. They just sat there. Which made me wonder if the noodle show was just a show.When the food arrived I was very sad. For 16 dollars you get the saddest amount of super soggy noodles. The texture would be described as noodles left in broth overnight. The tacos were okay but you can totally have better ones in  downtown LA and at a wayyy better price. 9$ for two mini tacos?! that taste average?! SAD SAD SAD whether or not the noodles were pulled in restaurant or not it was an all around disappointing meal.
1	Intrigued by the idea of a Chinese/Mexican restaurant. Since it's not actually fusion because there are separate Mex and Chinese items, you would think that they'd be masters of both Chinese and Mexican cuisine. However,  not one thing on the menu was interesting or tasty. The broth in my wonton and noodle soup was absolutely tasteless - I prefer the Sapporo Ichiban that I make for myself at home!  Don't bother with this place. It's trendy but tasteless.
4	We were checking out Cosmopolitan and accidentaly came across this restaurant. When I looked at the menu I thought it was way overpriced, but then I realized I was in the brand new 5 star Las Vegas strip hotel, so it was OK. All restaurants in LV strip hotel are overpriced anyway.Expect to order at least two dishes per person (around $30) because the portion is really small. We had:- GuacamoleReally good but a bit salty. The tortillas are super good, the best I have   tasted so far.    - Twenty veg fried riceThe best fried rice I have ever tasted, rice is cooked perfectly and the vegetables are super fresh. (I am Chinese, so I know my fried rice)- When pigs fly (steamed pork buns, dimsum style)So so. They used the really fatty part of the pork, so I can't really taste the meat when I bite into it.- Chicken JiSong It was OK, good, but not impressed.- Unruly monk (vegetable noodle soup)Really good noodles, perfectly al dente. The soup is OK.So among the food I ordered I was most impressed by the fried rice. The portion was super small for $16, but it was good.Will visit this place again on another trip to Vegas.
2	Great concept, but way overpriced, tiny portions, and meh flavor.  I ordered 3 dishes with my friends (glass noodles, tuna cerviche, tacos) and were shocked by how small the dishes were.  We would have needed to order 15 items to get even 1/4 full.  The dishes were expensive too.  Each one was $10-$15, and drinks are also pricey.  My 8oz. diet coke was $5!  8oz is smaller than a can!  Our tiny snack ended up costing $65.  This place is supposed to be chinese/mexican fusion, but we couldn't taste the fusion.  It seems like they just add avocado to any chinese dish and call it chinese mexican fusion.  We were really disappointed.  Skip.
2	A total disappointment.  Food was bland and small.  expect to need at least 3 dishes per person for a minimum of $30/person for an eh meal.  The concept was a good idea, but backless chairs, very small tapas style cuisine, and mediocre food I would skip.
3	The first thing that went wrong was on the wall. At first, I liked the decor --a casual, colorful blend of Chinese and Mexican motifs --Chinese opera masks, Oaxacan wood carvings, red glass lanterns, bicycle wheels on the ceiling (not sure the country, but cool). They also had portraits that were actually large projections, that switched every few minutes. So you had Frida Kahlo, the Dalai Lama (not Chinese, by the way!) and random peasants.What pissed me off before our food even came out was that they were projecting a photo of Mao. If you were running a German restaurant, would you put up a picture of Hitler? Because that's basically who Mao was in China. I know it's considered hip and trendy to use Mao's image as a cultural icon, but THIS MUST STOP. Okay, on to the food. The next thing that went wrong was they brought out the wrong order --we'd ordered duck tongue tacos, they brought the beef tendon with kumamoto oyster. My husband took a bite and realized the mistake --and also that the oyster was really off. I could smell it across the table, and no way should a fresh oyster smell that strong. Kumamotos are my favorite oyster so I am very familiar with a fresh, sweet specimen. This was wrong. Our server was very friendly and seemed sharp, she took it away with an apology and we got the duck tongue. I took a bite and it was pretty tasty. However, I couldn't get over the fact that I was chewing on a tongue, and tender and flavorful as it was, I couldn't take another bite. However, the salsa that came with the tacos was DELICOUS. I was eating it with a spoon (since I didn't want any more tongue). One of the best salsas I've had, it ranks up there with Papalote's in SF and Cancun's in Berkeley. Really amazing. The Beijing glass was fresh and healthy --a big mixture of chilled glass noodles and veggies. It was underdressed, however, and finally we asked for extra dressing which helped a lot. The gazpacho was a big surprise --we expected the traditional soup presentation, but instead, got a bowl of cut fruit, and a server squeezed orange over it, tableside. It was delicious, with jicama and dragonfruit in the mix. We also ordered the scallop ceviche at the recommendation of our server and this was a HUGE disappointment. For the price (about $12, I think) we got 4 bay scallops (tiny). The concept was cool --they were served on top of limes that had chiles and sugar on top. You popped the scallop and followed with a squeeze of sugary, spicy lime juice. It just underwhelmed because the scallops were so diminutive and less than stellar. For that price and with that presentation, you expect stellar and full-sized diver freshness. The dessert we got was great --Tres Lychees (a play on tres leches cake). The lychees came three ways --in a milk-soaked cake, whole, on top of the cake, and as a foam. Our whole lunch bill came to about $75, and I was still a little hungry afterwards. If you go, I recommend being extremely judicious with your ordering, read reviews to see what's good, and maybe stash a snack in your purse.Some people have complained that there isn't enough "fusion" on the menu --but most of the dishes (even if they're listed as "Mexican" or "Chinese" only) have a twist. We discovered that the twists are not necessarily explained on the menu, and you may get some big surprises (like our gazpacho). So I appreciate what the restaurant is trying to do --blend two disparate traditions in a delicious way, surprise with ingredients, and use molecular techniques when it enhances the food.
3	I love Oyamel and Jaleo, so I was eager to see Jose Andres' latest creation, and I had really high expectations for China Poblano.  I had this idea that Mexican-Chinese fusion would be the love child of two of my favorite restaurants, Oyamel and Myers+Chang (a funky pan-Asian restaurant in Boston).  We decided to try the Asian side of the menu at China Poblano, after we realized that there weren't that many fusion dishes on the menu.The good: the tuna ceviche was great - the soy sauce did NOT make me think of sashimi at all! overall, it was a flavor combination that I wouldn't have thought of, and I liked the texture of the ceviche with the walnuts.  The monk's noodles had a nice texture, and I was pleasantly surprised by the fried rice - it really distinguished itself from your average fried rice.  As far as drinks go, I had a margarita with sea salt "foam" (standard at Oyamel, still tasty here).  The lemon drop with "noodles" was clever, and it tasted like your standard lemon drop.  Yes, I bought into the cutesy presentation, and I enjoyed it.Also good: the service.  The host table seemed a bit confused but once we were seated, everyone was great.  Our waitress had recommended the tuna ceviche to us over the scallop ceviche, since she thought the scallop portion was too small, and I always like candor from the waitstaff.  There was also a mistake at the bar, and when she saw a drink about to go to waste she brought it over to me (yay!)  The entire staff was very attentive.The bad: we had the "when pigs fly" pork steam buns, and something about the texture of the bao was off.  Even worse though, the meat was underseasoned.  The same thing goes for the ten treasure noodle soup and the monk's noodles - they looked great but the broth was underwhelming.  It's difficult to get the broth just right (Tampopo, anyone?) but if you can't, maybe you shouldn't offer so many noodle soups on your menu.I'm willing to give China Poblano the benefit of the doubt, as the restaurant was only two weeks old when we visited.  I will probably eat here again... but there are so many restaurants to try on the strip, so I'm not sure when or if I'll be back.  The bottom line is, Jose Andres does a fantastic job with Mexican cuisine and tapas, so if you're going to visit, maybe that's what you should stick with.  My visit to China Poblano just left me craving a visit to Myers+Chang and Oyamel.  I didn't take the ceviche and tacos at Oyamel for granted before, but I will certainly appreciate them a lot more on my next visit.
5	I lived in DC for a while, so I am a frequent visitor to Jose Andres' restaurants and an avid fan.  I was really excited to try his new restaurant in Vegas, and it did not disappoint!  I came here with a group of 4 people, and we ordered 11 dishes I believe + 2 desserts.  They have a few chefs working at the front of the restaurant so people walking by can watch them make handmade tortillas and hand pulled noodles.  They also have two take out windows with a smaller menu that you can order from.  The decor is modern with Chinese and Mexican elements and made me think of something I would see in an Urban Outfitters catalog or on display at the MoMA.The guacamole and hand made tortillas were to die for!  I could have just eaten guacamole for dinner.  And they have the best tortillas I've ever had.  My favorite presentation was the scallop ceviche, which they place on a carmelized key lime.  They lightly spray vodka on it, you eat the scallop, and then squeeze the lime into your mouth.  Almost like taking a tequila shot.  I also thought the hand pulled noodles were amazing and cooked to perfection.  We ordered the Unruly Monk soup, and it was very light and refreshing, but at the same time, full of vegetables.  I would probably come here for lunch and order just that and maybe a small side dish.  We also ordered another soup, Caldo Tlalpeno, which I thought was more fusion, and I also enjoyed that soup as well.We ordered the Nice, but Naughty dish with lotus root and pea shoots which doesn't taste very Chinese because the pea shoots were somewhat raw but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  I also enjoyed the Chicken Ji Song and liked the presentation of it, especially with the fried sweet potato on top.  We tried a bunch of different tacos, and I think flavorwise, I liked the beef tendon and it was melt in your mouth tender, but also the greasiest taco out of all of them.  We didn't end up order any dim sum because I knew I could probably eat tastier (and cheaper) dim sum in Chinatown.We ordered the flan and the happy buddha giggling taking a bath.  The flan is deliciously creamy and easily one of the best flans I've ever had.  The happy buddha is really cute and he really is taking a bath!  It's one of the most entertaining desserts I've ever had.  It isn't your normal jello.  They make it from scratch with fresh strawberries and use seaweed extract instead of gelatin, and it has a very smooth flavor.  It's very refreshing at the end of a huge meal.The dishes aren't that expensive but they do add up very quickly, and we ended up spending more than I wanted to, but it was definitely a fun and enjoyable experience, not to mention yummy!
5	Such an interesting concept in a gorgeous new casino on the strip! What initially caught my eye were the neon signs on either side of the entrance. One proclaiming "Mexican Food" and the other "Chinese Food". Being a Mexican food junkie, my friend and I saddled up the bar on the Mexican side of the restaurant surrounded by cool Lucha Libre masks. We watched the Mexican women make fresh corn tortillas by hand behind the bar. I started with my token order of chips, salsa and guac. Oh..my..God!! The chips were to die for (What is that seasoning?), the salsa had a nice spicy kick and the $12 bowl of guacamole was huge & fresh!We then split an order of chicken tacos which are small and come ala carte. The corn tortillas were as delicious as they looked! Naturally, I washed it all down with their signature salt margarita which had an amazing lime tasting foam on top.I can't vouch for the Chinese side of this joint but the whole restaurant was buzzing with energy and I am still dreaming about the food a week later....
2	I don't understand how this place is getting such good reviews. It didn't do Chinese OR Mexican food well.dan dan noodles - super small portion of noodles for $12... our table of 5 basically got one bite eachmongolian beef and lettuce - when it came out, i thought it was a salad, there was so much lettuce and the beef was M&M-sized and thus lost in all the lettucetacos - got two orders of this, and it tasted fine, but when the two tacos were SO tiny, they were like two bites each.buns - this was fine, not the best, but relative to everything else it was okay.Basically it was disappointing. Please don't eat here.
4	Food is amazing!!!! Like every food item we ordered melted in my mouth. not a fan of the table layout - all the tables are very small and only 1 ft away from the next table...so if you get stuck to someone annoying they will become a part of your meal...not coolportion sizes are tiny - so you wind up ordering 3ish items per person which is ok but doesn't work well when you have such a small table
1	With the mix of good and bad reviews I thought that we should give this place the benefit of the doubt as it is very visually appealing. I was totally wrong - it really is that bad. The decor and service were all fine but the food was terrible and a real struggle to finish (I hate leaving food). The Queso Fundido was the last dish to arrive; fortunately it was a minuscule portion as it was so rubbery and unappetizing. One to avoid.
3	The concept is fancy but the flavor, lacking.Ordered quite a few dishes here to share between 3 people, but nothing stood out that made me want to try again next time I'm in town. The best of the dishes were on the Mexican side of the menu...all the different tacos are average to above average.Noodles - you automatically want to try the hand pulled noodles right away because theres always fresh noodles being pulled by the chef in the front of the restaurant. However, the dan dan noodles we tried was soggy, no texture and over cooked. ARgh, what a disappointment.Buns - tasted like it was reheated from the frozen varieties.Is it too harsh to say the next best thing to order was the Mexican Coke !!?!
5	AMAZING!! And oh my GOSH, how soon can I go back? Everything we ordered was amazing. (And its pretty wierd at first to have Mexican and Asian on the same table, but everything was so tasty, you get over it quickly). Dan Dan Mian was super-wow. Please double the modest serving, ChinaPoblano! The hearts-of-palm salad was totally unique (long shreds) - yummy. All the tacos were out-of-this-world flavorful. Waiter suggested the short rib tacos - oh yeah. You'll want a lot of those (mouth is watering) [sluurp] oh, excuse me. The quality of the fresh noodles will ruin you for any other Asian noodle situation where they don't use homemade fresh noodles. Five stars, and happily so.
2	I enjoyed some of the food and drinks at China Poblano, but I am baffled as to what the fuss is all about.My biggest pet peeve with this restaurant was that it is pretentiously creative.  I agree that the concept of Chinese and Mexican food served together is an interesting (and successful) one, but then it goes too far.  For example, I ordered gazpacho, expecting some semblance of a cold vegetable soup.  When the waitress brought a fruit plate with orange juice drizzled on top, I assumed the kitchen had made a simple mistake and tried to send it back.  She explained that it was, indeed, gazpacho.  But where was the soup?  She said that the orange juice was the liquid (but literally, the juice was squeezed on like you might squeeze lemon onto a piece of fish...there were only a few drops).  Call it a fruit plate, but don't call it gazpacho.  Gazpacho is a soup.  This was not soup.The same thing happened with dessert.  I ordered the mango sticky rice and, behold, there was not a single grain of rice on the plate.  The waitress proudly proclaimed that it was "their take" on sticky rice, which was really a milky reduction with some mango puree.  If it had blown my mind flavor-wise, I would have been fine with it, but as it was it was a weak little dessert and the texture was slimy.Also, unless you're dining with only one other person, the concept of sharing at this small plates restaurant will be frustrating.  I spent a relative lot of money on a not-too-substantial amount of food.  Plus, the carnitas tacos were too salty.The service, too, was unimpressive.  Our waitress completely forgot to bring a drink my friend had ordered, and the servers were repeatedly bringing the wrong dishes to our table.  Everything seemed disorganized.I loved my margarita, the salt breeze margarita (served with a delightfully light and airy salt foam on top).  I also loved the guacamole.  But, really, I can find good margaritas and guacamole at plenty of other places in Vegas.  On the whole, China Poblano was a disappointment.
4	What do Mao Tse Tung and Frida Kahlo have in common?  Besides their intimate connections to communism and controversial personal lives, they also both appear as projected photographic wall art at China Poblano.  I adore Frida and collect mementos from her life.  I can't say the same for Mao but don't mind seeing his picture every so often at this restaurant.  China Poblano has a fresh concept, delicious food that mixes quality ingredients with creative combinations, and an artistic urban atmosphere.If you come alone, sit at the bar, it's communal and gives you a peek into the kitchen with cooks demonstrating their skills.  If you come with a group, sit by the wall with exhibits of colorful Chinese masks and Mexican figurines, which appear surprisingly similar when displayed together, (these tables also have cushioned benches that are much more comfortable than the ones under photographs of Mao & Frida).Everything is tapas style, we discovered about 2 items per person is a good amount of food.  Scallop dumplings are very tasty and served in authentic bamboo steamers.  I also love the Dan Dan Mian, wheat noodles in a spicy ground pork sauce.  Hot & sour soup has real content, not just broth.  But my favorite is the Singapore Sling, their signature cocktail.  It's very good gin paired with pineapple juice that they make in house plus other delicious things that come together for a fabulous concoction.They did forget a couple of our orders so it seems like management is still settling in.  All forgivable under this prismatic fun house where I can eat delectable fusion food.
2	Mediocre meal; did not have the "wow" factor I was hoping for. To start, the hostess attempted to seat my client and I (both in business suits and obviously on a business lunch) at the "communal" table, where she said we would probably be joined by other diners but that "it's okay, because everyone is family."  We glanced around the restaurant and noticed lots of open two seater tables, and kindly requested a private table since we were on a business lunch.  The hostess seemed a bit flustered by our request, but did let us eat at our own table after offering us the bar instead, which we declined.  We tried the chips and salsa, queso fundido, langosta tacos (lobster), and mongolian beef lettuce.  The best part of the meal was the lobster tacos.  They were actually very tasty, although on the small side.  Everything else.... not what I expected from such a well known chef.  There's just not much to say besides it just being mediocre food.  Both of us decided it was not the memorable meal we were expecting.  With all of the dining choices at The Cosmopolitan, I will certainly try another option next time.
2	Portion sizes are like tapas. Prices are like standard entrees. Tastes are nothing to remember. You're basically paying for flashy street food, but the prices are 3-4x more. I initially went to China Poblano because I heard that the tacos were insanely good. I must have misheard that conversation.We started off with a pot of Golden Monkey tea, which was pretty good. They hand you a Perfect Tea Timer with your pot, so you can enjoy your brew just how you like it. I was impressed, so far. Then, I ordered some food.Appetizesr:-Shu Mai Scallops (6 pcs) - Shu mai was more gooey than the usual plumpness that I expect from shu mai. It wasn't that great, especially for the $12 price.-Steamed oat noodles:  noodles were a little overcooked. Dipping sauce was average. Regretted ordering after first bite.Food:-Pancita al Pastor (pork belly + pineapple tacos) (2 pcs) -  This was ok. Didn't blow my mind or anything. I'll take real $2 street tacos over these $9 tacos any day.-Viva China Tacos (beef tendon + oyster + scallions) -  a taco recommended by the waiter.  Again, nothing special.-Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich - A tasty, juicy pork sandwich. By far the best tasting food on our table. You only get one per order. And, it's tiny.Overall, the apps were mediocre. The food is puny, bland, and pricey. Ended up spending over $30 a person and we were still hungry.We stopped ordering food after receiving plate after plate of disappointment. We ended up going to the hidden pizza shop upstairs to make up for this mediocrity. Spent $4 there and enjoyed that meal that made my stomach and wallet happy.
1	Let Down. The concept is basically glorifying street food from China and Mexico, and by glorifying I mean marking the price up 200% and decreasing the size portions to basically nibbles.  The funny thing is, the whole concept behind street food is that it is really good and really cheap and you don't have to pay $4 for a taco the size of your pinky for it to be delicious. This place turns that truth on its head by doing exactly the opposite -- charging you a ton of money for mediocre "tastes" of food. I couldn't help but feel like the owners of this place are bleeding the patrons white, that is the bottom line people.  For the price of food and all the press I was expecting this place to be upscale.  It's not that either. Avoid at all costs.  **This review is based upon trying the following:--pomegranate margarita (didn't like at all, too tart)--When Pigs Fly--Dan dan noodles--Lengua tacos--Pork belly tacos with pineapple--CarnitasCan you believe all of this was $100+? Avoid. **Disclosure: I am a big Jose Andres fan, live in DC, and eat at all his restaurants.
2	Oh where to start.... my visit with this restaurant was such a disappointment and embarrassment to me and the girls. We sent back almost every dish that was brought out to us. We started with chips and salsa a staple item to all mexican restaurants my friends ordered the guacamole and asked for it mild. The guacamole was excellent, spicy but oh so good. My friend sent it back it was too spicy. I had ordered Carnitas tacos which my server made a suggestion n the Cochinitas which are yucatan flavored pork with marinated onions he swore I would prefers these so I took his recommendation and ordered them they were brought out and Oh Hell no! they were awful I asked for the original order of carnitas and ugh! when they were brought out they were dripping with grease. I could not eat them. So I sat and ate chips and thought gosh I am getting pretty full..off these...chips...
1	Biggest let down since "Yes We Can."  Not good when you leave depressed and with an empty wallet.  J.A. shouldn't get a pass for this. Low light: cheap tasting $12 margarita
4	My first time at the Cosmopolitan hotel and was hungry so went upstairs to find this restaurant! Got seated right away and asked the server what their most popular dishes were from the China menu section and he told us couple options.Bf ordered dan dan mian (kind of dry but was still delish) and I ordered the twenty-vegetable fried rice which was very delish!I did not feel guilty after eating my dish because it was full of different types of vegetables!
2	The beer was the best part of the experience. We were seated at a tiny two top in a corner and couldn't enjoy the fun vibe or decor. The waiter didn't tell us anything about the menu, or bother to ask if it was our first time. We ordered a few different things, and it all came at once. This wouldn't have been a problem if the plates were proportionate to our table, but needless to say the plates made us feel even more crowded. Thinking we could get past this, we were eager to eat. Unfortunately, the food was not tasty. The pozole and pork taco with pineapple were decent, but needed seasoning. The two other dishes were just kind of gross and disappointing. Meanwhile, the waiter never came back and a bus girl took my plate. She was probably trying to clear off the disaster in front of us, but didn't  even ask if I was done. In one last effort to find redemption, my husband ordered dim sum. Our mistake, he ate three of the four because he was hungry, but was again disappointed. The people next to us were also having a bad experience. We love the Cosmopolitan, but will not return to this place. I was really excited to try it out, but it definitely did not meet any expectations.
4	We had a very enjoyable experience here. The service was outstanding and the food was delicious. Admittedly, though, we did not venture into any dishes on the China side of the menu. We opted to sit at the taco bar, which was kinda nice. For cocktails, we had the Salt Air Margarita and Mexican Mimosa. With the Mexican Mimosa, we ordered the first one with papaya juice (good, but a little boring) and the second one with guava juice (amazing). The Salt Air Margarita was particularly exceptional. Such a great and innovative way to do a margarita - and it definitely tasted far better than your typical margarita.We started off with the queso fundido. The fresh tortillas were fantastic, but the queso itself was a bit of a let down. While it was good (and we certainly ate all of it), it didn't have a lot of flavor to it. Basically, we were expecting more.We then shared two sets of two tacos - the barbacoa and Viva China. The barbacoa were incredibly delicious! So many great flavors, and just the right amounts of juiciness and crunch. The Viva China were interesting, but were quite salty. And the two Viva China tacos actually tasted different - one meatier and saltier, and one crispier and less salty. A good and interesting flavor experience, but we probably wouldn't order them again.For dessert we ordered the flan. It was unlike any flan we have experienced before. It was served with ice cream and these awesome seared-like pineapple squares. All the flavors together (flan, ice cream, and pineapple) were absolutely incredible! And it was all even better when paired with the guava Mexican Mimosa. One of the best desserts we've had in a long time.It was a little pricey (especially $6 for a bottle of Coke), but everything we had was delicious (so it was worth it). And the service was exceptional. Our server was very attentive and knew the menu well. One of the better service experiences we've had in awhile. And the space and decor is neat. Overall, great casual dining experience.
1	The people working there are REALLY nice! but the food sucks, We got the monk..something, don't be jealous, the mongolian beef. The mongolian beef with lettuce looked like dog food, actually dog food looks better.a few pieces of diced beef (the size of half a penny) thrown on lettuce. Bland and overpriced.My friend didn't finish her monk noodle soup. Bland and overpriced.The hot and sour soup is GOOD.
4	Everything is pretty small and served like tapas, but somehow its surprisingly filling.  There were definite highs and lows to this meal, but I think there were a few dishes that excelled while only a few weren't quite what we had hoped for.There was a big group of us so I managed to sample quite a big portion of the menu.Highlights:Carnitas tacos-served with guac, pork rinds, and a verde sauce!Like water for Chocolate- fried quail served with dragonfruit and edible flowers.  Chilaquilles- tortilla chips cooked in a pan with a salsa verde and cheese.  Kinda like nachos.Mango "sticky rice"- this is something quite interesting.  The sticky rice part was made into a mousse and ripe mangoes.  I've never seen this before and it was really cool.  The "rice" element were like rice crispies on top.  Chocolate "terrain"- Awesome chocolate mold of a Chinese soldier with a spicy chocolate mousse inside.  It was served with cookie crumbs to look like sand, and a ginger ice cream that was spicy and sweet all at the same time.Things to skip:Oceans Nest- fried noodles served with stirfried saucy seafood and veggies.  We ate all the lobster out of it and then left it there.  It was super bland.Lamb potstickers- pretty presentation with the little edible flowers and everything but it was bland and looked more exciting than it tasted.Overall, I thought the place had a whimsy to it that I thought was fun.  The ambiance was interesting and diverting, the waitress and wait staff were helpful and went out of their way to see to our requests.  While some of the food is a bit overpriced and small, I really enjoyed their desserts, there is something light hearted and comical about them.  They were the highlight of the meal.  If nothing else, come and have dessert and a laugh all at the same time.
1	Over priced food for less than sufficient portions.ex: $12 for 6 small pieces of "shu mai" dumplings.  I can do without the gold flakes and just pay at most $3 for it.I like salty food, but the chinese food here is way too salty.  Also, what's up with the names of the asian dishes?  Each dish name sounds like a Kung Fu movie...With these names, you have to sit there and read the entire description of the dish before you know what you're ordering.  For example...they had a dish called "swallow a cloud," um...why can't you just call it wonton noodle or something similar to the dish so it's easier to recognize.  I understand it may "fun" names...but it's not run having to sit there and read every single dish.
4	I had a great meal here. Hostess was sweet, our server Bria?, was great. Love the margaritas, chilaquiles, tacos. The mexican food was on point. I will say that I thought the shu mai was a bit on the salty side, even without the soy based sauce - the one hazard of Jose Andres' food, but I love salt so it's ok. Dian Dian noodles ( spicy ground pork with peanut chile suase) didnt really do it for me personally. We did the cajeta flan and tres lychees for desert. Love the play on the name, but really couldnt have a second bite of the cake. Will  definitely go again, try out some more small plates
3	While wandering around looking for a place to eat, my friends and I stumbled upon China Poblano.  Once someone pointed out to me that it is a Jose Andres restaurant, I knew I had to try it.  Although I didn't think it was his best, I enjoyed every dish I had for one reason or another.Like most of his restaurants, China Poblano is more of a tapas-style place in that they serve up smaller plates intended to be shared amongst a group.  Eating in this manner, I was able to try three different dishes. The first were the lamb pot stickers which were small in size, but surprisingly filling.  I enjoyed the "crispy lace" (in essence, extra fried bits from the pan, which is never a bad thing) and thought they were well made, but overall didn't find them different enough from anything I've had before.  On the other hand, the two types of tacos I tried were both tasty and very original.  The Viva China taco has soft beef tendon, Kumamoto oyster, and a touch of a slightly spicy sauce on top.  The oyster was the real standout here, as the softness of it complemented the texture of the tendon, while the natural saltiness of it really added a punch to the dish.  The other taco I tried was the Pancita al Pastor, which is slow-cooked pork belly and pineapple.  If you know me, you know I love pork belly, so this was a big winner.  The saltiness of the tender pork belly balanced so well with the sweetness of the pineapple and made for a great dish.We also ordered some drinks.  I shared the cold "tea" for two, which was a mixture of green tea, tequila, and beer.  The presentation was nice, as it comes out in a tea pot and is served in a couple nice glasses, but flavor was a bit off.  Although I found it a refreshing drink, I thought they added a bit too much lemon to it and wished there was more of a green tea flavor.  Another friend ordered the lemon drop "soup," a lemon vodka drink with lemon "noodles" made out of a gelatin-like substance.  It also seemed very refreshing, and the "noodles" were an interesting touch.Overall, I really enjoyed my lunch at China Poblano.  Although it was a little expensive for a normal lunch, spending $25 to share 3 dishes and a drink at a Jose Andres restaurant seemed pretty reasonable.  Although it wasn't quite good enough to break into 4 star territory (felt like more of a 3.5 to me) I would definitely recommend checking it out if you are a fan of his, or if you are just looking for something different to try.
3	This place is fun and I love the concept, but the execution culinary-wise is not quite up to snuff.This is an interesting concept: Take the best of both culinary cultures, and blend some to create unique dishes. It's fusion, but not totally, since some of the dishes remain faithful to the traditional recipes.We ordered and shared family style, so that meant we sampled a bunch of tacos and noodles. Some were nice hits, some were really bad misses.Highlights:Huitlacoche Noodles - I've always wanted to try huitlacoche (corn smut fungus), and it integrates seamlessly into this Chinese-styled dish. However, they skimped on how much huitlacoche they gave. Also it takes on flavors so well that I couldn't tell what was the corn itself or if it just absorbed the black bean sauce. Still very tasty though.Pozole - I love pozole already and it's funny because there's tons of hominy in this dish (whereas the huitlacoche was lacking). The twist is that they give Chinese shrimp crackers to dip instead. Yum.Dim Sum - In general all the dim sum was good, but not great here.Lowlights:Unholy Monk Soup - The blandest, blandest soup evar. Don't monks usually deprive themselves of earthly pleasures? Eat this and you'll feel like a monk too - this dish deprives you of all flavor. Don't give alms to this one.Viva China Tacos - This has oysters. I pretty much only like oysters fresh & raw with lemon. When oysters get messed with any more than that, they tend to taste funky. The rest of the taco - very good. The oyster part - bad.So while this place has a great concept, some of the dishes just aren't very good. I like how they maintain both traditional and want to mix it up too. The bad dishes were very bad, the good dishes were pretty good. I guarantee that you'll have fun here though.
5	Like a 4.47 rounded all the way up because the Lakers are on a 4-game winning streak. I came to China Poblano during its opening week. A couple feet ahead of me, at the front of the restaurant, was Big Papi himself: Jose Andres. Wearing baby blue, tweeting from his Blackberry, eating what looked like every single dish on the menu, teaching his three daughters (who were sitting in descending order by height) how to use chopsticks - how cute.     Anyway, the food. The bottom-line for me at any restaurant is the final product. The flavors, the textures, the temperature contrasts, all the good shit, working in unison to evoke memories or tell new stories. Value, ambiance, service - that stuff's nice, too - but I'm not going to knock off stars from any restaurant if the waitress didn't fill my cup of coffee six times, or if I couldn't understand the gibberish coming out of the Filipino waitress' mouth. Notably, the ambiance and service at this restaurant were super-chill (like, 5/5 chill). Having said that, the food here was generally very good, too. (We ordered the guacamole, fried potatoes with XO, chicken mole tacos, the lemon-tree shrimp, and some other stuff I can't remember right now. The ocean nest was fine, too.) The dessert menu didn't excite me, but the drinks made up for it (salt air margarita and the sal de gusano margarita). Also, Jose was gangster enough to get out of his seat (during his meal!) to make sure I had a good time. Check it out.
1	This place blows just go to Chinatown or tacos y Mexico saw people sit down look ay the menu and leave. Our server seem to busy at times for him to care. This joint is hella Faillllllllllllllll
5	Wow!  Amazing and chef Jose Andres sure knows how to fuse his cuisine.  If you're in Vegas this is worth trying.  Although inside the Cosmopolitan - you would never know!  A hotel Restaurant has never been so great...love the poblano sauce!
1	My boyfriend and I stumbled in here after getting lost in the maze of the Cosmopolitan hotel and finding out that it was 10pm and not many places were open (surprising since this is Vegas).  It looked promising.  We were expecting a little fancy schmancy for the meal, price-wise and portion-wise, but we were in for a shock.  Extremely pricey for extrememely small protion sizes.  I understand the whole tapas concept, but these tapas were barely enough for one person to share with himself, let alone TWO whole people.  We ordered the scallop ceviche, which unbeknownst to us, was deconstructed.  I believe it was a $16 plate consisting of 4 parboiled baby scallops, like a large bay scallop (think: size of a little bouncy ball you get in a quarter machine), each sitting on a half key lime, sprinkled with what looked like paprika on top.  It tasted like a parboiled scallop sitting on top of a dry lime, sprinkled with something flavorless on top.  I cringed as I ate each scallop, thinking this was SOOO not worth $4, even for Vegas, ESPECIALLY for Vegas.  Next came carnitas tacos.  2 tiny street size tacos, which i will admit were very tasty, but again, very tiny, not filling at all.  At this point we were dying.  Then came the pork siu mai to save the day.  I believe these were one of the cheaper menu items, but it had twice as much food as our first 3 plates combined.  They were really tasty too, I could tell they were hand made.  These little dumplings were our saviors, at least we could leave feeling like we ate something and not pass out from starvation on our way out the door.  I expected a little more food, flavor, and decor to make up for the bill we were presented with.   That said, I won't be coming back,  and I wish I never came.
3	The food was good, although the servings were a little small for the price. It is an interesting fusion of Mexican food and Chinese food. Oddly, the items we ordered did actually go well together! We had the Fried Wontons (sooo yummy!), the Queso Fundido (basically just a make your own quesadilla... but the cheese was good!), and the Mongolian Beef & Lettuce (good, but the slices of meat were really small!). Give it a try, but be prepared to pay a little more if you are trying to get full, because you will need to order a few plates.
5	every thing i ordered I loved. Chef Jose Andres knows how to do it right (like his trendy Bazaar restaurant in L.A.) Very casual. Remember that this is a tapas style place, so most dishes are small. Order the cochinitas (the best), BBQ steamed buns. the Lotus/pea shoot dish was surprising good. Noodle bowls good too (but large). Cocktail Singapore sling is fantastic. warning guys, this drink comes with a dainty umbrella.
3	The Chinese-Mex concept is def interesting, but I agree with reviewers before me in that the food did not necessarily live up to expectation. Which is not to say that it was bad... just that there wasn't anything of note.My hot & sour soup was neither particularly spicy nor sour... but it was noticeably oily and somewhat lacking in traditional seasonings. On top of that, the food was overpriced for the portion sizes... if anything, the only thing I could say that was good about the price was that they decided to be cute with the Chinese side of the menu and make things $X.88 ... i.e. my soup was $8.88 --- my friend's dish was $12.88 ...  for those not in the know, 8 is a lucky # in Chinese culture... so - good try to be "in touch" and cute, but maybe knock down that first # by a few digits and then we can try to be friends.
3	It's Chinese.  It's Mexican. It's . . . not bad.  Ah, fusion restaurants.  So hip, so stylish.  They promise the best of both worlds.  But when they fail, the offer double the . .  . dishes that rise to the level of "pretty good".  For all it's hype (and man, was this place hyped as part of the newly-opened Cosmopolitan), China Poblano fails to deliver the amazing meal that could have been from the combination of Chinese food and Mexican food on one menu.  It has interesting choices, but the dishes just don't rise to the quality of the better Mexican and Chinese restaurants in Vegas and China Poblano is double the price.    First, the Mexican dishes.  We ordered several tacos.  The mole chicken was bland.  Seriously, the mole sauce was bland.  A chocolate-based sauce was bland.  The other tacos we ordered combined braised pork with a fried pork rind.  It felt gimmicky. The pork rind just took away from the impressively tender and tasty braised pork.  Remove the pork rind and that's a pretty tasty taco.  The pork itself was delicious, but not enough to bring me back when I'm craving Mexican food when Vegas has so many tasty taquerias.As for the Chinese offerings, we ordered the Vegetable Noodles and the bbq pork dumplings (When Pigs Fly).  The noodles were good and the sauce was delicious, but again, it just didn't rise to the level of amazing that I expected.  On a positive note, the dumplings in When Pigs Fly were tender, the bbq sauce was sweet and tangy and I recommend them if you head over to China Poblano.We also splurged and tried the dish "Like Water for Chocolate," which local reviewers have been raving about.  It's a tapas-sized portion of fried quail with dragon fruit in dragon fruit sauce, which is beautifully arranged (as were most dishes -- one thing this place knows is artful presentation).  But after having the dish, I don't quite understand the rave reviews.  Dragon fruit is essentially tasteless, but juicy and offers very little to the dish other than its undeniably cool name.  The waitress told us that the chefs add citrus into the dragon fruit sauce to add some flavor, but when we had it, the flavors could be described as subtle at best, and absent at worst.  The quail itself was pretty damn tasty if you don't mind crunching through a bone or two in your fried nuggets.  At $8, I'd say it's worth ordering.  At $15, stay away. The best parts of our meal were the fresh guacamole, pomegranate margarita and the entire desert menu.  The guacamole was exceptional and included a wonderful mix of Oaxaca cheese.  The pomegranate margarita is a little piece of food art with a sweet, sharp taste and topped with an inventive salt foam.  And this place is known for its deserts.  We had the flan and it gets a big thumbs up.Bottom line: 3 stars with some dishes rising to the level of "good to great," but most sitting around "not bad:.  Add in the high prices for tapas portions and it's a solid 3.  Four of the dishes made me want to cheer, the others rose to the level of not bad.
3	There are certain DOs and DON'Ts when planning a trip to Jose Andres' Chinese/Mexican restaurant China Poblano, located inside The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.DO: pronounce the name right.It's China, like Chee-nah, Poh-blah-no. Next person I hear calling it "Chai-nah" is getting chopsticks straight up the culo.DO: realize its Chinese/Mexican, not fusion.If you're looking for wacky dishes like orange chicken tacos, it's not happening, bub. Although they have a few plates that play with both sides of the aisle (like the Viva China tacos), the "fusion," as it were, is in the juxtaposition of the cuisines. How many times have you been eating a taco and thought, "This is brilliant! Now if I only had a wonton to go with it..." I mean, if I only had a nickel for every time, right?DO: go in a big group.Food at China Poblano is served dim sum style, which means you'll be ordering lots of small plates. Get a group of about 5 or 6 and have people try to order different items, and you could have a veritable cornucopia of food at your fingertips. Dim sum is most fun when you have a lot of people anyway.Here's the problem with China Poblano (which I believe is Spanish for "Chinese Poblano") -- there's a list of DON'Ts as well.DON'T: go in famished.In fact, don't even go in quite hungry. For China Poblano's menu is mostly "dim sum" style, which is Chinese for "frackin' small." If you're going in for a hearty meal, I'd pass right on and head down the hall to Holstein's. If you're ready to proverbially eat a horse, you'll have to get three plates in before you even register a proverbial hoof.DON'T: go in on a budget.You're going to break it. I promise. The dishes range from $8 to $25. Yeah. For dim sum. I had a plate of 6 wontons, and two fish tacos. Add a Diet Coke and I was up in the $26 range. For two dishes and a soda. Again, if I had gone down the hall to Holstein's, I could have had a huge burger, fries and a beer for less.China Poblano is NOT a bad restaurant. The food was tasty (although I've had better Chinese AND Mexican food -- thank you Emily), the atmosphere was kitschy, and the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Plates usually showed up less than five minutes after you order them too, which is a nice touch. But in the end, one of the most hyped-up restaurants in the resort drops the ball somewhere along the way.If you REALLY must have Chinese and Mexican on the same plate on the Las Vegas Strip, there's a Panda Express that shares the same space with Chipotle next to Harrah's.
2	So expensive for such small portions...they must be high! That was the least filling $120 lunch I've ever had. There were 4 of us and it came out to $30 each.Chips and salsa: I appreciate the warm chips. The salsa had and ok flavor, but lacked some freshness. Maybe it needs cilantro or onion.Tacos: We ordered 3 different of their tacos(pancita, cochinita, and barbacoa). Nothing special in the way of flavor. Every taco had a chunk of fat in it. And at $9 for 2 tiny tacos that adds up. Lamb potstickers: meh, not really anything better than you would get in the frozen bag. They were light on flavor. We asked for some sort of sauce and the waiter obliged, but reminded us that that sauce doesn't normally come with the order. The sauce added sssooo much. If it weren't for the sauce I would have had a hard time eating it.Gazpacho something: a fruit salad. This was very good, but again a very small portion.Tuna ceviche: I didn't eat this because I don't like tuna, but from what a heard one of the better dishes of our lunch.Shrimp mojo: recommended by the host, it was pretty good, but really oily. Overall: I wouldn't go back.
4	Chinese and Mexican under one roof? Weird, right?WRONG.  So good!  They recommend that you order 2-3 plates for each person and share.  So, almost like Chinese tapas... with a Mexican flair. Choices are available from dim sum, noodles, tacos, soups, etc.  We ordered some of the more traditional choices, like shu mai and tacos (both chicken and barbacoa), which were very good.  But the best were the off the beaten path items... the rainbow congee (soup with sausage, carrots, and snow peas) was delicious.  It seemed like it had polenta or some similar base, and the flavors complemented each other with the added crunch of the veggies.  By far, the wen rou salad was the best! Tofu and avocado were blended with a delicious citrus based sauce which was phenomenal.I see so many of the reviews talk of how expensive this place is.  OK, but it is the Cosmopolitan!! Hello! This place is one of the more reasonable in the hotel (even the buffet is $29 per person) and we were really glad to have eaten here instead.  We had two dishes each and we were not hungry at all.I would definitely go back.  The flavors were amazing!
2	The two stars are for the decor only.  To begin with, the chinese food was awful.  We ordered the hot and sour soup (Don't Be Jealous) and the Dan Dan Mian.  The soup was horrible! The soup tasted metallic and was literally 2 drops in a bucket! Not worth the price! The Dan Dan Mian was oily and bland! I've had better for half the price! We also ordered two soft tacos.  The tacos were extra wet and fell apart too easily.  Plus, they were really small. We could have gotten better tacos from a taco truck!In the end, china poblano's version of "authentic" chinese food + "authentic" mexican food = disastrous mess.  Never going back!
5	Amazing.  A foodies paradise!  I'm trying to eat my way across the menu - it will take a while since there are so many interesting dishes. Hand made 'Frescas' - different fruit flavors daily.  Get one, or two.   Refreshing, not sweet. Yukatan BBQ taco - best taco and BBQ I've ever had -subtle smokey flavors, with a touch of sweet onions on top, I could eat these all day.Fish Tacos.  Mahi Mahi.   Ok, listen.  I know there are a lot of good fish tacos out there - but seriously, go try these and all the others you've had will fade in memory.Lamb potstickers.   Lamb, Potstickers.   Not only is the chef really creative, but the subtle spice and flavors of these will end you.Stop reading this - go and eat here.
3	After countless stories about how great chef jose andres is i assumed this place would be absolutely amazing.  Therefore, i set my bar preeeetty high for this place and expected greatness.  What i got was decent mexican AND chinese food.  many of the reviews were right, its not some type of amazing fusion blend of the 2 but more so of the 2 cuisines in one restaurant.The tongue(lengua) tacos were very delicious, but after having some authentic tacos from the ghetto side of vegas, it made these ones look like a joke as there was no special kick to it.We also tried the dan dan noodles which were pretty unique out of all the dishes we ordered, but for some reason didnt hit the spot.  I couldn't taste too much of the unique flavors as it was just plain spicy.Overall, its not a horrible place, but nothing spectacular to earn a 4-5 stars in my book.
1	For Vegas, prices aren't horrible BUT the portions are small almost ridiculously small. Don't come hungry! Food is ok at best and 21% service charge included in the price is nuts
4	We went to the Cosmo for a concert and thought a quick snack would be good before drinking the rest of the night.  The only restaurant without a long wait was China Poblano and while it wasn't our first choice, we weren't disappointed!  In fact, we were pleasantly surprised.The restaurant is very quirky in design with numerous tapas style dishes of Asian and Mexican influences.  They had cocktails from both ends of the globe, our cocktail of choice was the Singapore Sling (highly recommended) and we enjoyed some dishes from both origins.  Cochinita tacos were delicious, as were the Lemon Tree Shrimp.  All-in-all, a bit pricey for the amount of food you get, but it was expected.  After-all, we were at the Cosmo.
2	I was super stoked to check this place out, considering it's in my favorite hotel & I wuv me some Chinese & Mexican grub...... :( super sad face after eating there though. The food was pretty decent, but the prices were absolutely ******RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's basically a tapas place, don't get the 'swallow a cloud soup', it was bland. But the pigs fly dim sung was delish! We spent over $75 for LUNCH, let me repeat, for lunch, two people, no booze!! Crap! And we left hungry! What the eff!?! I would like to go back again to try some more concoctions, but NOT based on their pricing. Geesh! :/
2	I made the mistake of having such high expectations of China Poblano because they were just completely crushed.  I had heard so much about  culinary genius, Jose Andres and that is the reason I even went into the restaurant after perusing the menu.  If it was not associated with Jose Andres, I would have immediately done a 180 after seeing the $11.00 price tag on a serving a dim sum.  Jose Andres is known for his tapas servings and so our group ordered a number of tapas servings to share.  And they were just OK.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either.  If I am paying $8 for a mini mini pork sandwich- it BETTER blow my mind, and it did not.  My favorite dish was the eggplant dish, but it wasn't fabulous enough for me to return. I even tried eating the Chinese dish and Mexican dish, side by side to see if that would make a difference in the "experience", but it didn't.  In fact, I still don't get it.  It was not a fusion restaurant, but rather two menus in one. The ambience is cool and trendy, but next time I am considering Mexican or Chinese, I will definitely go elsewhere, where the flavor satisfaction matches the price.  I can get ambience elsewhere.
3	Average to meh..Granted we were a little tipsy coming in after having a couple of pints at Todd English's P.U.B at Crystals but the food was just okay. Definitely just order from the Mexican side of menu as the Chinese we ordered was bland and barely touched. One good thing- the service. Everyone was friendly and willing to accommodate our semi-drunken table. Oh Vegas..I would TOTALLY recommend Holstein's next door over China-Poblano if you are standing there conflicted between the two.
1	I am not the type to leave a bad review but what I experienced today at lunch is simply... unacceptable.First let me say that I am a big fan of Jose Andres. I ate at Bazaar and Jaleo multiple times and love it.. so I decided to stop by China Poblano for lunch today.I sat at the bar and my waitress was very friendly. I had the agua Fresca based on her recommendation and it was delicious. I also tried the Lemon Drop and it was very nice. I quickly ordered a Gazpacho and the quail... And it went downhill from there.Let me first say that the place was NOT busy at all... It took at least 25 mn to get the gazpacho. My waitress apologized and I told her that it was not a big deal and things happen. Now, call me difficult but if the first course took much longer than expected, you would think that they would make sure that the next course doesnt? Wrong.. Bottom line is, I placed my order at 11:45am.. I received my second course at 12:25pm. During the whole time, no manager approached me nothing, I finally lost patience and asked one of the waitstaff to check on it. He did but came back behind the bar without saying a word to me... So I asked him again and without looking at me said " it is going to be a few more minutes... ". I pointed out to him that the couple next to me came later , ate and was already gone. The brought me chips and salsa. And the quail? Well, no one really checked on me to see if I was happy with it.. some of it was raw. For most part the dish was pretty boring. A piece of dragon fruit in the middle and 4 small pieces of fried quail. Big deal. Obviously I am upset. I think that they missed the mark as to how to handle guest complains. I quickly asked for the check, paid and left. Won't be back. I was planning on ordering more food but the attitude from the guy behind the bar really pissed me off so I went to Comme Ca on the third level and finished my lunch and it was great...
2	My mother was staying at the Cosmopolitan for a conference, so I spent the day with her after picking her up at the airport. We hit up China Poblano because it was in the hotel and wasn't fine dining  and looked more interesting than the burger place next door. I was honestly disappointed. The food was average - some of it was very good, like the dumplings, and then some of it I've had better at super cheap joins in Chinatown. I was feeling boring and ordered tacos, and they were really bland. It wasn't BAD, it just wasn't worth the price. The cocktails were good and the service was great, however, so kudos to the staff. The worst part for me, however, was the seating. I would have enjoyed this experience infinitely more if I hadn't been expected to sit on a bench or a stool. To my eye (we sat on the "Mexican side" of the restaurant) there was only ONE area where any of the seating had a back - along a wall, which faced ... more backless, wooden stools. It was so impossibly uncomfortable, I found it really difficult to be objective about what I was eating. Half the seating looked like high school lunch tables. It was really awkward. I promise, there are chairs in Mexico! No matter how okay some of the food was, even if somebody offered to comp my entire order there, I probably wouldn't go back, just so I wouldn't have to sit there again.Should have gotten burgers next door.
2	This place was a bad experience.  We checked out the menu before going in and it seemed like a great idea to have both Mexican and Chinese in one spot.  The waitress told us all to order about 2-3 dishes per person...I'm so happy we didn't listen.  The soups were decent sized, a few of us had 1 each.  The flavors were not very good.  I got the Ocean's nest and it was not soupy like I had expected but wasn't bad.  The seafood was pretty bland and overcooked.  There were 2 other kinds on the table, 1 was extremely salty and the other had no flavor whatsoever.   The dim sum was a complete rip off.  $12 for mini sized everything!  Not one person was satisfied w/their meal (there were 7 of us) and the bill came out to $300!!  Ridiculous.  Our waitress only came back once at the end to ask us if we wanted dessert, but the other servers were nice...I'm hoping they got a cut of the outrageous 21% gratuity.
1	What a waste of money. The portions are so small. I understand it's supposed to be like tapas, but $8.88 for a pork sandwich the circumference of a tennis ball? Really?? I wasn't impressed by this place. We ordered a few dishes per person and weren't really happy with any of them. Also it took them half an hour to fill our waters. The only plus was the nice GM that came by to check on us. Just head to Spring Mountain and eat something legit and delish for the same price of one of these dishes AND be full.
1	4 eggrolls, thick as a chap stick and twice as long = $12Plate of romaine lettuce w/ 4 oz of beef = $12the food here is overpriced.  the food itself is pretty bland.  we tried 3 types of noodles, eggrolls, fried rice, "mongolian beef", tacos.  the "best" was the fried rice, but fried rice is hard to mess up.  the tacos i tried were oversauced and a little undercooked.  i would honestly eat at panda express or del taco before i eat at this place again.
3	Great concept...not so great portion sizes.I reallly do love tacos from China Poblano but I don't like the prices. $15 for guac? OMG. $14 for Siu Mai? OMG!!!! I don't even remember what I paid for 2 pork belly al Pastors. I have eaten her 2x. Once in a hurry before entering Marquee and last  week in no rush for a late lunch. The place was calm and somewhat empty so we got great service. Sure they hand make dim sum here but I think they are creating dim sum for elves/fairies! I needed a microscope to see my siu mai. They are packed with flavor but not worth $14 for 6 TINY pieces. I think they need to work on their portions and maybe hire some dim sum chefs from the bay area. They are on point with the tacos so I won't ding em there. Just be prepared to pay a pretty penny for food that costs next to nothing at home. Vegas tip: Order from the to-go window if you're roaming around the hotel and try the tacos. Don't forget to order a beer!
3	Tapas-style Mexican food using Chinese ingredients, or vice-versa. I can't say anything about the price because we ate with on of their employees who got us 50% off.As far as the food goes, it was just alright. Although I admit that some of their food was creatively put together, it wasn't something I would go back for.If you're looking for something similar, try Jaleo which is just upstairs. It's classified as fine dining and naturally more pricier, but the food is definitely worth it. The dishes are much more flavorful, more bolder, and more bang for the buck.
3	Wow, I went in expecting way to much................DONE!!!!!!!!
5	Ate at China Poblano when I was in Vegas last week and hadn't looked at any Yelp reviews prior. I'm surprised to find it only has 3 stars on here. I thought it was AMAZING. Most importanly, it was priced appropriately, unlike so many places in Vegas.Some notes:-The atmosphere was fun (decor is amazing!)-Service was great-Food was creative and delicious-A few dishes were a miss (a noodle soup with the word "ugly" in the name), but most were spot on. -Mexican food was slightly better than the Chinese, but that makes sense given Jose's backgound. -The salt-air margaritas are genius.
2	From what I gather, China Poblano is supposed to be a fusion restaurant--fusing the flavors of China and Mexico.  But it's poorly executed.  There's no fusion about it.  The Chinese dishes come from one kitchen; the Mexican dishes come from another.  But they're completely separate concepts mishmashed into one (loud) restaurant.  Nothing blew any of us away...but the check sure did.  I gather that it's supposed to be served tapas style...but I'm pretty sure that takes away from part of what I love best about eating Chinese and Mexican foods: over-indulgence on the cheap.  China Poblano misses the mark.
3	Stopped in here for lunch.  It's a very casual place with friendly service.All the flavors are very vibrant.  I really liked the Carne Machaca con Huevos.  It's from the brunch menu and is kind of a take on steak and eggs.The langosta taco was my least favorite as the langosta was so mild.Over all it was a nice meal.
1	THIS PLACE WAS A MAJOR LET DOWN!!! Over priced flavorless Dim Sum( and I've had some shitty Dim Sum in my life) The portions were very pricey and minuscule. I could tell the server knew I didn't like my food and then she proceeded to avoid my table out of fear I guess. Either way don't go here unless you don't mind wasting time and taste buds.
2	Not much to recommend here. As a general rule, I come to Vegas prepared to spend cash, so I'm not going to dock this place for being ridiculously overpriced relative to your traditional Mexican or Chinese restaurant. $4-$5 per taco and $22 for a seafood noodle dish may seem steep, but I'm ok with it if the food is top notch. Unfortunately, China Poblano fell short of expectations. The Al Pastor taco had very little pork belly and was overwhelmed by sauce. The portion sizes were small across the board. The guacamole was pretty good, but then again, it's pretty hard to screw up guac. I would not dine here again nor would I recommend it to others.
3	2.5 stars.  I'll round it up due to good service.I've been here a few times.  It's kind of hit or miss for me.  It's not Chinese-Mexican fusion.  It's half chinese food and half mexican food.  The two don't really flow together for me.I must say, though, that the salt foam margaritas are genius.  The tuna tartare in quinoa is fantastic.  The tacos are good but SO DAMNED EXPENSIVE!  A three inch tortilla with 2 knobs of lobster knuckle meat for 10 bucks?!?!?  No bueno.  Likewise the barbacoa tacos are tiny and 4.50 a pop.  Wow.  The tacos were darn good tho for the most part.
1	It hurts to write this review because I have been to Jose Andres' restaurants in Washington DC and I have absolutely loved them and had great experiences with his food. However, China Poblano was absolutely terrible. My husband and I tried items from the Mexican AND the Chinese menu and while the Mexican was slightly better, everything we tried was awful. Everything on the menu is tapas sized, so you are expected to order 3-4 items per person. Luckily we decided to start slow..We had a number of different tacos (lobster, fried fish and mushroom) and all were greasy and tasteless. The guacamole and chips (which was $15!!) was ok. LIttle did we know that it would be the only truly edible thing we ordered! We then decided to try some Chinese items and got some traditional shu mail dumplings and mongolian beef stir fry. The dumplings had a bizarre raw pork flavor to them that was so disgusting that I actually couldnt even swallow the dumpling and the mongolian beef stir fry was completely bizarre... tiny little chunks of grisly beef stir fried with pieces of romaine lettuce?! And then the icing on the cake was the bill.. I know this is Las Vegas and I certainly wasnt expecting a budget dinner, but since we ordered very little food (4 tacos, an order of guac, the dumplings and the beef) and only ordered two agua frescas and no alcohol I was absolutely FLOORED when I saw that the bill was over $100! Definitely skip China Poblano-- if you want to try Jose Andres' fabulous food-- go to Washington DC... because you certainly won't find it here at China Poblano!
1	Are you kidding me? $30 for chips, guacamole, and shrimp won tons that I can make myself.The concept is cool...to have a place with Mexican/Chinese fusion but, I can go to Carnival buffet for that.NEXT!
1	Go check out Jaleo instead!  The food was terrible, and not really a mix of the 2 cultures, but rather, just serving individual Chinese and Mexican dishes.  The service was not very attentive and very slow.  Won't find me there again.
1	The concept seemed interesting, but than again, so do most gimmicks. This is the absolute worst eatery I set foot in, during 15  years of Vegas trips, and having been to most  Strip restaurants. Decor is awful, a drunken child could have done better. And the monitor display, with the picture of Mao just brings this place closer to a vomitorium than an eatery (cannot and will not call this a restaurant).Service, I have not eaten at Denies in about 20 years, but I remember better service there. You wonder if the staff knows what a crappy place you are stepping into and feel nothing but contempt for your stupidity.Food - well, that is ultimately the true disappointment. Never mind the unusual selection which  seems to be either done for shock value or lack of inspiration, a least get the damned things to taste good. Lamb pot stickers, so overpowered with herbs and cumin, that the meat could have been rat and you would not know it (...on a second thought, maybe...nah, they wouldn't do that. Wood they?). Pork belly taco...wow, just a piece of fat smothered in sauce. Barbacoa and Carnitas were, at least eatable. The hand made, fresh tortillas are good. So what you get is lousy crap wrapped in a good package, an you pay dearly.If this lousy, overpriced joint would be anywhere other than the Strip, it would be out of business in a month. No return visit for me and I'll make sure none of my Vegas visiting friends get scammed here.
2	Mexican food and Chinese food under one roof and not a buffet?  The concept of this place is amazing, but the execution is something left to be desired.My girl and I wanted to have a great culinary experience at this place, but we left disappointed.  The decor was pretty cool, taking pieces from both cultures.  However, for being more of a tapas place, the table was tiny (couldn't fit more than two or three plates) and the chairs were kind of uncomfortable.  The service was alright at best.  The prices were not very friendly at all.The food was nothing spectacular.  Being from LA, I could get just as good a taco from several trucks straight off the street.  But, I did enjoy the lobster taco (way too pricey tho $10 for a small corn tortilla taco).  We also did like the queso fundido w/ chorizo.  That was definetly a tasty way to start of the meal!  The scallop shumai were alright and the other tacos were ehh.  Overall, we greatly overpaid for a mediocre brunch.The place seems pretty cool, but once you sit down and start eating, the allure of the decorations and swankiness seem to just fade.  You leave with a lighter wallet and an unsatisfied belly.Note: For being a new place you would expect decent facilities right?  Well my girlfriend comes back from the restroom and tells me that the lock wasn't working and that some girl had almost walked in on her using the restroom.  Ladies beware! Haha!
4	china poblano is such an interesting place. i think that merging dim sum and taqueria is really cool. the place is really cool. has very interesting art everywhere and its nice to sit at eithr of the two bars to watch them make tacos or dimsum.i had ordered a singapore sling for my drink. i had no idea that any place had it besides the famous raffles hotel in singapore where it originated. it was soo good! very grapefruity, not too sweet. my friend had their specialty margarity wc was also amazing. they top it with this salted foam as opposed to rimming the glass with salt. very cool.for food we had the unruly monk wc is a noodle soup dish. nothing crazy. i thought it was alright. we had the  other noodle soup dish with the corn truffles. very interesting, had a good spice to it and loved he corn truffles. we had the twenty vegetable fried rice. pretty good but pretty standard. we also had the nice but naughty bamboo shoot salad. very refreshing. love the heart of palm in it. a little mayonaise-ey at times.on the mexican side we had the babrbacoa del res tacos. omg the beef was seasoned perfectly. so flavorful and cooked so well. the shrimp mojo was fantastic. perfect spice and had a roasted quality. the like water for chocolate was really interesting too. the lotus flowers were tasty.the sauce was fruity and on the berry side.for desert we had the flan. very good with slices of roasted pineapples drenched in vanilla bean. and the ginger ice cream was great. i also had tried their sticky mango rice dessert. it is not your typical sticky amngo rice. it is the modern version. it was the deconstructed version.all in all a great culinary experience with very interesting fusions. a greta menu, from lamb potsitckers to duck tongue! ambiance is great. casual and very fun. could get pricey once you start ordering you just cant stop! u wanna try everything! and it helps that its at cosmopolitan hotel, the best one on the strip right now.
3	Funny place; you'll get mixes of Chinese & Spanish music. Below are my picks from the menu:Noodles & Soup: Dan Dan Mian (most popular-wheat noodle w/ spicy pork sauce), Swallow a Cloud (wonton soup with bok choy), & Ocean Nest (for seafood lover w/ pan fried noodles).Dim Sum: Try the When Pig Fly (bbq pork buns) & Traditional Sui Mai (shrimp & pork). One stall bathroom :(
4	I LOVED the tacos! My friend and I each ordered two because we wanted a snack before dinner. But they were so good that I ordered one more and she ordered two more. I didn't know it was a restaurant by Andres until I overheard a server telling another table. I wasn't surprised each taco was $5 because I'm used to overpaying in Vegas but it was well worth it! Each taco was so flavorful!Conchinita - bbq pork with magenta-colored marinated onionsBarbacoa del Res- bbq beef with chile and pickled cactusPancita al Pastor - pork belly with pineapple
4	I'm glad I tried this place despite the 3 star average rating from the Yelpers!   This place is great if you are in the mood to step out-side the box. We came with a group of people (which I think is the key to really maximizing your enjoyment to this place) because you can order a larger variety of items and share in the experience.  - When Pigs Fly  - Good- Har Gau (shimp/pork belly) - Good- Pozole Rojo - I can make a better version- Carnitas - OMG A must try!- Polla a la Parilla - Good- Guacamole - it was on the spicy side - I liked it my table-mates didn't- Tuna Ceviche - pretty tasty- Tres Lychees (dessert) was SO good!!!!I'm glad I tried this place.
5	Delicious and amazing food.  Takes a really interesting concept and executes it brilliantly by maintaining lots of traditional Chinese and Mexican dishes in their authentic form, whilst peppering the menu with surprisingly tasty 'fusion' dishes.As for the traditional fare, the Guacamole and freshly hand made tortillas were delicious.  There wasn't a great deal done to the guac, but the avocados were clearly top notch so thus you let them speak for themselves and the tortillas were as perfect as you've ever had.  The cochinita and barbacoa tacos were exacting and spot-on in their traditional flavor.  For the Chinese side, the 'Traditional Shumai's were light, airy, eggy and packed with umami.  I want a bowl of those Dan-Dan noodles with spicy pork for every hangover I ever have again for the rest of my life.  They were so comforting, and no-nonsense delicious!  The Har Gau's and Whens Fly were both great replicas of what you would find at a great underground Dim Sum restaurant.For the edgier 'Fusion' dishes, the Scallop Ceviche made my day.  I'm very familiar with Jose Andres' restaurants, and find the 'fluff' and 'molecular' aspects of his cuisine at times to detract from the flavors and enjoyment of some of his dishes, but this one hit it out of the park for me.  The dish is served with individual bay scallops served on a key lime half that has been crusted with what I can assume from my margaritas was more 'Sal de Gusano' (salt, chile powder and roasted caterpillar, yes, caterpillar), and a table side spraying of tequila on each bite.  You're instructed to eat the scallop off the lime and to squeeze it and suck on it while you take on the scallop.  Freaking delicious!  The 'Silencio' taco with duck tongue and rambutan was another delicious 'fusion' dish that I feel doesn't get enough credit because drunken bimbos that wander in here after a night at the Marquee aren't going to try 'duck tongue.'  The lamb dumplings were very interesting and satisfying as well, as they tasted like baby lamb empanadas with a baked cheese crust.As far as drinks go, you have to try the Margarita con 'Sal de Gusano.'  It will be hard to ever go back to a traditional salted rim ever again, I am in therapy about it now that I'm gone.My girlfriend & I went on two occasions in our three days at the Cosmo and this was our favorite place.  We did the tasting menu at Scarpeta and loved that as well, but this was the kind of place I could eat at twice a week.  The service was also fantastic and enough has been mentioned here about how cool the design is inside also.Highly recommend this place for people that know what good dim sum is, know what good Mexican is and are open to trying the new and interesting as well!
4	China Poblano was a win with me. However, the $80 bill for 2 people who ordered 4 little plates of food and 2 beers was not completely winning with me. Ok, I understand, you pay for the name. Jose Andres is a brilliant chef. The idea of mixing Mexican food and Chinese food is ingenious. The food was good, the service was great. the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich with red braised pork was super delicious. The When Pigs Fly were Bao buns filled with pork. Although they were good, I have had better for way cheaper in Chinatown. We had a Barbacoa de Res taco and Pancita al Pastor taco. Both were good but keep in mind you are paying $5 for one small sized "street taco."I m still rating it 4 stars because the atmosphere was fun and the service was great. The servers really take the time to explain the menu. If I go back, I would like to try one of the many "smoking" drinks I saw getting passed around. Great concept but do not expect street food prices.
2	I was very disappointed with this place. I was so excited about the concept, but severely let down.  $5 for a COKE!!! Unreal!!  The chips and salsa was ok. a little on the pricey side.I ate the Ten Treasure- fresh shrimp/ham/ seasonal vegetables/wide cellophane noodles/good fortune it was $17.  WOW, only 3 shrimp and 2 pieces of SMALL ham. Not impressed.We also had the Queso Fundido melted chihuahua cheese/tequila blanco/fresh tortillas $9- not impressed with the amount of cheese I paid $9 for. Overall...boo, not a Vegas worthy place to eat.
2	Admittedly, part of the reason I may be a little hard on this place is because I was planning on spending about seven bucks on a slice of pizza and a diet coke at the hidden pizza place in the Cosmopolitan before exiting Vegas, but a last second swerve turned into throwing down over $30 here instead.  Anyway you look at it though, I just don't think this place was all that great.  Although the whole concept of having Chinese & Mexican food on the same menu might sound interesting, at the end of the day it's not as if the menu here is combining the flavors of both cuisines into some sort of fusion dishes (THAT would be interesting...I'm not sure if it would be any good, but interesting).  The menu is essentially divided into Chinese & Mexican sections.  I decided to go w/Mexican.  I had two two tacos & well as chips and salsa to be exact.  I had a chicken mole taco, which was okay.  I'm a huge fan of mole sauce, and I can't put my finger on what it was exactly, but I just wasn't a huge fan of the mole here.  part of the problem was I think they used too much of it.  It pretty much drenched the chicken.  I also had a fish taco.  It was nothing special, pretty much your run of the mill fish taco.  I was just looking to get a little food in my system before hopping on flight and not expecting to get a full meal.  That's exactly what I got.  Each taco was about two or three bites.  As for the chips and salsa...once again nothing special.  One of my dining companions went the Chinese route.  She got soup and some sort of gyoza, which I tried and thought was kind of greasy (she felt the same and felt her soup was okay).  Between three of us we spent about $90.  One dining companion ordered the same two tacos I did and we split the chips and salsa (the third got the soup & gyoza).  A big portion of our bill was the diet cokes we ordered (which  were a necessity IMO after all the alcohol we consumed over the weekend).  They were $5 a pop each for an 8 oz bottle and we each had two.The food at China Poblano isn't horrible, and the small portions are what's expected, but I still wasn't a big fan of this place...
4	I read a recent review about this restaurant in the LA times, so I decided to give it a try on my most recent visit.   The food was eclectic and spectacular.  the decor was fun.  a mix of Chinese and Mexican art.  On one wall was a panel of different Chinese opera masks and Mexican art pieces.  The other wall had two large video screens with images of Chinese and Mexican people which changes.  The feel was casual and elegant at the same time.Our server was Nicole.  She was very courteous, knowledgeable, and gave great recommendations on food.  On her suggestion, we ordered the day's special:  marinated beef skirt steak with poblano peppers.  It was full of flavor.  It tasted better with their homemade guacamole and tortillas.  I also tried the duck tongue taco.  I know it sounds strange, but the flavor was great:  sweet with a crunchy texture of the tongue.  It had a few pieces of lychee fruit on top also.  The scallop ceviche was fun too.  a fresh scallop served on top of a small wedge of lime.  You're supposed to put the scallop in your mouth while squeezing out the lime juice at the same time.  Lastly, the dessert was excellent.  I don't remember the name of the dessert, but it came in a chocolate shell in the shape of a Chinese soldier filled with chocolate mousse served on top of ginger ice cream...very unique.Overall, a great experience.  It's a fun restaurant.  The main downside is the price.  the dessert itself cost more than any other of the dishes we ordered.  The food is served tapas style, so you only get a small amount per order.  we ate mostly from the mexican menu on this visit.  On the next visit, I'm gonna try some of the Asian fare.
2	Not fusion. Not affordable. Not creative.I could have done better myself for a fraction of the cost with better ambiance in my hotel room at NY-NY.Mediocre service was the icing on the cake. (no water, no silverware... Until the tortilla line cook noticed we were just sitting there debating whether or not to use the dessert spoons left at our place settings -- not too handy for a meal mostly consisting or romaine lettuce.). I'm not Paris Hilton, but paying $50 for less than 750 calories is ridiculous. Otherwise the food was tasty given that we had no expectations of Jose Andres.
4	So I finally got to try this place!  I like the ambiance and the food is really good.  Unique tacos that are really tasty and a lot of vegan and vegetarian options.  However, the carnitas tacos with the pork rinds are really tasty if you love pig like I do.Service was impeccable.  Can't wait to come back and try more.
4	Pomegranate Margarita with sea salt foam.  To go, pleez.
2	The design of the restaurant is very winning. I love the metal Buddha entrance way. It is a seriously cool looking place to eat.BUT ... and this is a freaking ginormous BUT ... the prices for what you get at China Poblano are downright ridiculous. Although above average on taste and presentation, the foods themselves do not merit the prices they charge.$12 for 4 "When Pigs Fly" which are basically roast pork buns. The dough is very light and the filling is tasteful. BUT it is SPARSE. There was barely any actual filling in the bun. Ludicrous.A typical roast pork bun costs $1.50 at a Chinese bakery on Spring Mountain and it is FILLED with roast pork.Go. Go yourself and see. It is like a FREAK show. The most freakishly priced DIM SUM you have every seen. Then go to a normal Chinese restaurant and get five times the amount of food for the same amount of money.
4	First, let me tell you what this place is NOT.  It's not cheap, although not terribly pricey by Vegas standards. If you want a cheap fast meal, I would recommend grabbing a couple slices at the Pizzaria upstairs.  It's not really Fusion, since most of the dishes are clearly either Mexican or Chinese, with only a couple that successfully fuse the two.  It's also not a fine dining experience you would expect at some of Jose Andres' other restaurants. However, we did enjoy excellent service and very tasty and often creative food. The server was very knowledgable about the menu and seemed enthusiastic about the food. Service was very attentive and the manager even stopped by to make sure everything was good. They have two nice open kitchens where you can see homemade dim sum made next to handmade tortillas. We mostly tried the Chinese dishes, since we have plenty of good Mexican in LA. The lamb potstickers are juicy, delicious, and beautifully presented.  The 20 vegetable fried rice is probably the best fried rice I have ever had. We also tried the chilaquilles, which were delicious and filling. The tacos seemed pricey at $5 a piece, but we didn't try any. The mango sticky rice was very light and refreshing, but don't expect any actual sticky rice.  Try the "tea for two" for an interesting cocktail. Overall, it was a very good dining experience although not necessarily the best value.
2	Allow me to preface, i seldom give 1 or 2 stars: A lot had to be missing for any dining establishment to fall in this category. it was a saturday night at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino.  H and I were in a hurry to grab a quick bite before heading to the Marquee Night club.  The cafe would surely prepare a hearty meal, but as the minutes ticked away, we knew that time was not on our side.  Luckily (or unluckily in this case) China Poblano jumped out of nowhere and had a sign that said "to go or take out."  instantly, i'm thinking it's kinda like Taco Bell fast, but let's just say that we're lucky to get our food in less than 20 minutes.the menu was a fusion of chinese and mexican food.  unique? not really.  anybody can make any type of meat and throw it in a tortilla shell and call it mexican food.  anybody creating this type of concept needs to think it through to create a unique dining experience for everyone who passes through the doors.  come'on, people travel from all over the world to come to vegas.  is this is best meal the Cosmo can offer?  i believe not.THE PORK SIU MAI were a disgrace to Chinese people who invented this dish.   i have eaten this all my life in OC & LA & even SF and have never seen anything so tiny.  it was literally the size of a quarter, all 6 of them, looking pretty sad and lonely in this takeout container that it was tossed into.  no shredded lettuce or cabbage for garnishment.  just 6 puny little siu mai's squished to the corner of the container.  i finished them in 2 minutes and naturally was not full at all.  the taste -- it was ok, not spectacular.THE TACOS that H had were another dismal dish that appeared from the same menu.  i can't quite comment on the taste but the size was disappointing.the prices.... were not cheap. both microscopic & macroscopic items came in slightly less than $30.  what?  does money grow on trees?  Asians are taught to get the best bang for the buck and to bargain our way through life... this time i felt jipped & helpless.  left the establishment with a more than half empty stomach & feeling robbed.THE EXPERIENCE:ok, granted we order takeout, but there was no place to sit outside in the hallways of the hotel.  it's just not sexy or classy to eat in the hallways.  meanwhile inside, the bar was completely empty (as in zero, zip, zilch, nada patrons).  We asked the girl cleaning the bar if we could please sit there for a few minutes, and she said yes. then, like a bat out of hell, the hostess stormed over and said we cannot sit there.  what?  did you not realize we were not fighting for seats but actually making your establishment appear fuller than it is?  so, she escorted us to these benches behind the bar with pillows that we could sit in.  for all the commotion that she caused by moving us, we could've finished our food in the 2 minutes that it requires to consume our so-called meal.IN CONCLUSION:this place is not suitable in such a gorgeous hotel as the Cosmopolitan.  it does not compare to its elegance, its grandeur, and its sophistication.  the people who work there need to grace better manners and accommodate its patrons a little better.i would highly suggest you save your money and go to the cafe downstairs or win a couple of hands in blackjack and eat at Blue Ribbon Sushi or STK instead.
2	BOOOOOOOOOO! There has always been a hype about this place... but it's just another one of Vegas' overpriced ethnic food attempt... sigh.  The first thing I wondered about this place was... why the combination of Chinese and Mexican?  I was hoping to find out why, but I left the restaurant still confused.I was leaving Vegas at noon, so my friend and I squeezed in a meal here to find out what the hype was about.  Unfortunately it was a brunch menu so we didn't have much to choose from.  Besides the fact that there weren't much to choose from the menu which didn't really bother me that much, the first thing I noticed was... there was no fusion between the Chinese and Mexican food.  (I actually got to take a look at the full menu later but the only thing that was kind of fusion was a taco or two where they used some Chinese ingredients... but didn't sound too appetizing)So to try both Chinese and Mexican, I got the breakfast taco and a Chinese pork sandwich.  Breakfast taco wasn't that great.  The pork inside the pork sandwich was good... but it's pork fat, of course it's going to be good.  After a few bite of the pork sandwich, the sauce overpowered the taste of the pork so much that I couldn't even finish it.I am a little disappointed because I LOVE the Cosmopolitan hotel and everything I've done there have been awesome~  I can't say the same about China Poblano!
3	Barbacoa tacos were amazing.We have an Asian fusion restuarant in Minneapolis that fuses the 2 cuisines a little better than this place.  C.P. has 2 distinct menus for the regions, not as much of a hybrid as I'm used to.Great decor, free wifi, and rewards on your Identity Membership :)  We were trashy and even brought our OWN drinks in since we were gambling downstairs and got them from the cocktail servers.  Didn't seem to phase our server though, so it was apprecaited.
2	Thought this might be fun to try on a our trip to Vegas but I would definitely give this a miss. We ordered a lot of the dumplings (not great, and I know dumplings!), plus some noodle dishes, a soup (bland broth) and the Mongolian lettuce salad (the vinegar was overpowering and the sauce gluggy, as if it was out of a bottle).We then had some tacos and these were much better (especially the carnitas and duck tongue). The Cosmopolitan seems to be full of hen's weekends so the restaurant was full of big bridal shower groups, not our scene.
5	We ordered pretty much one of everything and we loved it. The guac was outstanding. The ceviche! The pork shoulder taco with pineapple. The ambiance was fun. Everything was spot on!
4	Take this with a grain of salt, because I was in Vegascarnitassticky bunsel pastorchips and salsabarbacoait was good, I was drunk, I don't remember
4	Fortunately or unfortunately China Poblano is located on the second floor of the new, cool, hip Cosmopolitan hotel right across from the Marquee nightclub entrance.  If you don't like large crowds, this is unfortunate, if you like to see a lot of pretty people dressed in their sexy Saturday night bests, which is what you should expect when you even think about going to the cosmo, you will feel right at home.  I wasn't expecting much from China Poblano after reading all the negative yelps, but I was pleasantly surprised.  You cannot go to a high end Chinese or Mexican restaurant ready to compare it to the tastes and prices of hole in the wall joints in Sgv or East LA.  That is the problem of a lot of yelpers out there.  You have to realize your surroundings, you are in a high end hotel in Vegas and a Jose Andres restaurant.  You should know what to expect in prices, but you should also know you are getting good fresh ingredients and beautiful decor.  And last, you need to try the food with an open palate and not expecting the tastes that you grew up with at neighborhood restaurant.  Here's what I tried:Carnitas taco - excellentBarbacoa taco - goodBBQ pork buns: different, but good, no your typical fatty porkShu Mai: again different, but goodHa gao:  okGlass noodle salad: excellent and refreshingMole fries:  not too goodQueso fundido with chorizo: excellentChicken and rice soup :  spicy but goodThere are also two food bars you can sit at, one has a view of authentic Chinese people making dim sum and the other has Hispanic people preparing guacamole and other yummy foods,  which I thought was pretty cool.We had a great meal and good service, definitely worth a try, and I will definitely be back.  Just be prepared to eat with an open mind and an open wallet, lol..........
1	I won't be back.  That is right....I WON'T BE BACK!  This was my second time trying this place as my first experience I loved.  Our food was outstanding.  However this second time around in 3 weeks just ruined it for me.  Food.....Yeah...still awesome.  However the problem was our server.  Nicole!  YOU SUCK!  First our drinks came out AFTER 2 of our party of 4 received food.   Come on.  You couldn't even get a beer out to our table before a huge bowl of noodles?   The other part of this experience was that Nicole never apologized.   She actually never even asked to see what was going on.  2 members of our party only got their food after all of our other food came out and she didn't know.  We had to ask her again where the food was.   Now here is what really ruined my night.  Management.   Tall Asian manager.  You too Suck!   You are in SERVICE.  When your product is not up to standards, treat me better then how you would treat me if service was good.   When I had to get out of my chair and walk over to the other side of the restaurant to tell you I am not paying for this food; that isn't service.  Also, when you agree that the drinks never made it to the table, comp them and take them off my bill.  I had to ask you to do so and you still wouldn't.   Up yours man!    Avoid this place at all costs.   Save your self a headache and go next door to Holsteins.  It is a much better spot to eat.
4	MEXICAN? CHINESE? CHINEXICAN??! W-H-A-T? Ok, now that I've figured that out I can say that this place was amazing. I've heard great things but honestly I never let comments affect my opinion before I eat somewhere.There were a few meals that were definitely family sized including both the 20 vegetable fried rice(a must have) and the noodle/soup dishes. The tacos themselves are very different and each has its own unique taste/texture. Duck tongue taco? Yes please!There was a problem with one of the dishes and it literally came out about 10-15 minutes after we were done eating so we no longer wanted it. Service was a bit poor and inattentive aside from the food mix-up but the food was so tasty that I barely wanted to take off a star.
4	A Chexican -- just like me!From the outside, this place looks a little tacky, but the food is great... I would say the Mexican food is a little better than the Chinese food, but either way, you can't really go wrong, and some of the fusion dishes aren't too bad either. The agua frescas are pretty legit, and the service was really nice. The presentation is pretty hip and unique, just like the Cosmopolitan itself. My family and I came here after waiting eleventy thousand years for some other restaurant upstairs that had fish that was supposed to look appetizing... We were more than impressed with this place. Thank you, China Poblano! You make me feel like I'm at home.
2	Service here was exceptional, the hostess showed us to our table quick, waitress came by quick and told us how the restaurant is (small portions), recommended what was good, and even the manager popped out of no where to offer some club soda to my friend when he got some sauce on his shirt, for the first time being here, that was great, sorry to all who had a bad waiter/waitress BUT....the food is just bad, terrible, overpriced Chinese/Mexican food that you hoped would at least taste good, but nah, I ordered wonton noodle soup, so honestly how do you screw this shit up, like I said this place is overpriced, I could have ordered the same bowl 5 times with tip at my local cafe...AND it would taste better lol.....place is bad for food, come here for.....the people? ha
5	Picky eaters do not apply. To enjoy this place, you have to be an adventurous eater.  If you just get chips, queso fundido, or a pork bun, you will not be happy.  For foodies who won't turn their nose up at a beef tendon taco, this is the place for you!  Super creative food and a great bargain for what you get.  We started out with the Pozole Rojo ($9) which is a spicy shredded pork soup with chickpeas, cabbage, pork rinds, chopped onions, radish, and avocado.  This was a really good portion size for $9 and so tasty.  You can get it with a shot of tequila for an extra $3 but our server didn't recommend it unless we just wanted to do a tequila shot. Apparently the tequila is offered for hangovers.  Hair of the dog, you know.Next we tried the Viva China taco ($5.50 each) which has beef tendon, a Kumamoto oyster, and Sichuan sauce.  Yes, beef tendon in a taco.  This was extremely tasty.  I could eat ten of these.We also tried the Cochinita Taco ($4.50 each).  It's pretty much pork and pickled onions.  Pretty good, but the Carnitas taco topped with pork rinds is so much better.Another great dish was the Papas with XO sauce ($6).  French fries covered in a dried scallop sauce.  They serve it with lime, which you think would be awful.  But it's actually really, really good!The big surprise of the night was the Gaspacho Morelia ($10).  This is a huge plate of very fresh, very tasty fruit covered in freshly squeezed orange juice.  Some of the fruit had some spicy seasoning on it, which enhanced the flavor of the fruit.  Pineapple, watermelon, mango, jicama, dragonfruit, strawberries, and queso fresca. Very good and light.The cocktails are also very inventive.  I don't think I can ever have a normal margarita again after having the salt air margarita ($12) served here.  The salt foam is a perfect compliment to the margarita and doesn't have the harsh taste of salt on the rim.  My husband had the lychee sour ($12) which was also very good.  $63 before tip and we were very, very full.  Service was impeccable and very friendly.  Just focus on the more creative dishes.  Yeah, you can get a pork bun in Chinatown for cheaper.  Of course you can get a carne asada taco at a taco truck for cheaper.  Come here for the creative dishes that you can't get anywhere else.
5	Great idea, awesome food, who would have thought to put together Chinese and Mexican. Got the Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice based on a story from the show "Best Thing I Ever Ate", then myself and friends shared tacos. Great stuff, would love to have this back in DC.
4	I really enjoyed our dining experience here. If I could live on a diet of  just salt air margaritas, I would.  What a delightful concoction! We went for more of a Mexican feast than Chinese, so here is the breakdown.The Tacos: Pancita al Pastor (slow-cooked pork belly/ pineapple) - Great play on flavors. The pork belly had good crispness to it and complemented the pineapple. Viva China* (soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce) - My husband's favorite. Great fusion taco. The tendon was cooked just right. Silencio (duck tongue/ fresh lychee) - Neither of us had tried duck tongue before, so we had to try it. FANTASTIC! The sauce had a bit of spice to it that really made work. Barbacoa de Res (Oaxacan-style barbeque beef/guajillo chile/ pickled cactus paddle) - The was a big taco filled with flavorful barbacoa and nopales. I'm not sure if it was worth the price, but it was tasty. Carnitas (braised baby pig/pork rinds/ spicy salsa verde cruda) - This was the favorite of the night. The carnitas were perfect, but the addition of the pork rinds really made this taco off the chain! We could have eaten 10 of these. The Rest:Huitlacoche Noodles (wild mushrooms/ fresh Mexican corn truffle/ knife-shaved noodles) - The huitlacoche actually worked well in this dish. I wasn't sure going in, but felt adventurous. The noodles were cooked perfectly. This is a dish that is big enough to share. This dish was surprisingly spicy, so beware. Queso Fundido (melted chihuahua cheese/tequila blanco/fresh tortillas...with chorizo) - TASTY! Maybe a bit expensive. It reminded me of being with family in Mexico and eating fresh tortillas off of the comal with cheese. Mango Sticky Rice - The was actually a cream of sweet rice on top of Mango shave ice topped with crispy rice (think rice krispies) and fresh mango. Very refreshing! Our server was attentive and the manager even came by the see if we were satisfied. Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience.
5	I think this is one of the best little secrets in Vegas, well besides the super secret pizza place in the Cosmo down a private hallway but that's for another review.Potstickers, Chilaquiles and spicy Margaritas oh my! Anyone who thought of combining a menu of Chinese and Mexican cuisine is a genius. A perfect place if you just want to snack, or a wonderful alternative if you feel like treating your palette to more than just your average meal. Perfect for sharing with friends. The flavorful dishes will not disappoint, but I think only foodies will really appreciate this place.I always sit at the bar in front of the open kitchens, it enhances the experience.
4	Don't be FOOLED like me by the exterior! It looked like a normal restaurant from a glance but it isn't! as you can tell by the store name its a fusion of asain/mexican food. My BF brought be here recently to eat their tacos. I must say it was one of the BEST tacos I've had and I LOVE soft tacos from trucks to stores. Their Carnita taco was SO GOOD. The meat was very very soft and moist. It just shreds so easily. The sauce was sweet and a very soft hit of lime which was PERFECT. I also had the chicken taco was to me was just okay. The chicken tasted good but the sauce was a little to strong for me. I also had the Al Pastor. The meat was also again SUPERB. The slice of pineapple, at first i was skeptical, but they complemented the meat so well. YOU MUST try that one. We also had the hot and sour soup. It was again very delish. It wasn't the typical hot and sour soup that has A LOT of pepper it was more sour in a differen't way. The chicken pieces were cooked to perfection. It was so soft and moist. Easy to eat. My favorite was the chips and salsa. The salsa to me was either a hit or miss with people. Its either you like it or you don't because it has a some particular strong flavor. I LOVED it. I kept on eating it and my boyfriend just stared at me. This is a place you def need to try. Although its a bit on the pricey side what isn't in Vegas?  and you ARE IN VEGAS! WHY NOT! just do it! :)
4	My friend and I came across this lil restaurant after searching for a quick bite to eat before our show.  We thought it would be fast food Chinese and Mexican under one roof, but it's actually a fusion of the two.  The decorations inside were a bit off, but with Vegas anything goes.  The menu was more small eats/ tapas/ small portion type foods instead of large plates for each person, so sharing is a good idea.  I was a little skeptical about how the food would taste but it was actually good.  We ordered - 1) Queso Fundido - like a melted cheese and you eat it with corn tortillas.  Kind of a small portion, and somewhat expensive, but it was still good. 2) Pancita al Pastor - pork and pineapple taco.  It was small, but it was really good.3) Hot and Sour Soup - came in a super large bowl, and tasted much better than the typical take out.  I think they added some mexican spices to this soup4) Chips and Salsa - typical Our bill came out to about $30, but it definitely was a light sit down meal, not really a full dinner meal.  All in all I was satisfied and the service was good, our waitress was very attentive and the manager stopped by our table to see how we were enjoying our food.
3	Went with a colleague to dinner. Knew there were going to be small portions. Shocked at how small they really were. On the good side, "gaspacho" was amazing (5 stars), the noodles - ehh (3 stars). Service was good, but apparently we didn't fit "their mold" as we were seated at a counter. All in all, won't be back but worth giving it a try.
4	Review:  20 Veg Fried Rice / Red Braised Pork Street SandwichWe specifically went to this restaurant to try the 20 Veg Fried Rice ($17.88) that was featured on Foodnetwork's "Best Thing I Ever Ate."  LOVED it!  I wish I could duplicate the sauce.  Big bowl, definitely feeds 2 as a main dish, 3-4 as a side.  My husband had the Red Braised Pork Street Sandwich ($8) and he said it was very good.  Pricey though for a very small sandwich.  Still, the quality is outstanding and I'd rather eat less and pay more for great food.  Bench style seating on community tables is hard on the back (no back rests); very sleek modern style - interesting ever changing graphics projected on the walls.  I'd go back for the Veg Fried Rice and would like to try their other food.  Great quality!
4	Went here close to a month ago and just getting around to posting a review. We've tried several other restaurants at the Cosmo and have become fans of the resort and it's food offerings. The experience started off not so great, with the hostess service a bit frenzied and disorganized. There was no one at the hostess area and a bunch of us milling by the entrance not sure what was going on. Once seated, everything changed. The server was awesome...cheerful, knowledgeable and attentive. The service seemed a bit rushed at times. We ordered six different things and the time in between servings was sometimes not enough. I have no problem with the portions, which are on the small side and for the most part really aren't suitable for sharing unless you order a bunch of things.   I'm always about quality and not quantity, and the quality was excellent. These dishes, sauces, etc. aren't just slapped together. They are creative, complex and well executed. The prices for small plates is high, but again, Cosmo on the Strip, what do you expect.  Now for the food: Vegetable spring roll - delicious, but nothing really set it apart from all the other good spring rolls. Dan Dan Mian - wheat noodles in a spicy pork sauce. OMG. It's been a month and I still can't stop thinking about it. 20 vegetable fried rice. The price will blow you away, but have to say we really enjoyed it. The time and effort that goes into this dish is incredible and you can literally identify all 20 vegetables finely chopped in perfect proportions. Carnitas taco - awesome. The spicy verde cruda sauce...I asked for a side dish of it and almost drank it. Pancita al pastor. Had never tried pork belly, and the combination with pineapple was intriguing. Good, but not my favorite. Queso Fundido - outstanding, with a nice slightly burnt top to the cheese, perfect texture and great tortillas.The beer was cold but could have been colder.Will definitely be back.
1	RIP OFF! Small over priced portions... I ordered 'Swallow a Cloud,' hoping it would be a gift from the heavens. How can you go wrong with won ton min?I don't even want to write anymore, just save yourself and eat somewhere else. Unless you like going hungry.
4	Though Mexican-Chinese fusion food is not new (the same idea was done in the northern Mexican city of Monterrey, with its upscale "Chino Latino" restaurant), this restaurant can hold its own. The decor is modern, kitsch, and very inviting. Seating is limited at night, so make sure to make a reservation. The food here is actually not "fusion", per se, as asian-inspired and Mexican dishes are served on their own, and not "mixed". So, you can order pork dumplings and carnitas tacos separately. I believe this idea is lazy, but I would rather have well executed authentic food, rather than a failed attempt at some fusion. The Cochinita Pibil tacos are delicious, perfectly seasoned and very authentic. They taste very similar to what to would eat at the Yucatan peninsula. Of course, here they are way overpriced and served on a special taco gadget that keeps tacos standing up (to prevent spillage, I would assume). The Barbacoa tacos are also very authentic tasting, as well as the Pork Belly tacos. We also tried the 20-vegetable Fried Rice, as we'd previously seen someone on the Food Network claim it was the "best thing they ever ate" in Las Vegas. I would not go as far as saying it was the best thing here, but it is delicious. The "Mexican mimosas" are also very refreshing, though there is no such thing as a "Mexican mimosa"... The Margaritas, on the other hand, are modern and very tasty, as the salt element is done as a foam instead of only as a rim on the glass. Inventive and great. Do not order the Cajeta Flan, as it has NOTHING to do with a Mexican flan. I understand the chef was trying to add his own spin to this traditional dish, but I believe he should stick to what he knows best. It was nice, but it should not be named "flan", as it was more of a "crema catalana" (a typical dessert of the Catalunya region of Spain). The tortillas are hand-made, and you can reall taste the difference! I have to go back to try the Asian food. Overall, portions are tiny, so be prepared to order 4-5 per person. It is not cheap for the same reason. But, I will definitely come back.
5	Who knew that Chinese food and Mexican food would go well together?  This "collaboration" (how our waitress puts it) is the genius of this place.  Even though portions were small, each dish was very high quality.  If you're looking to get stuffed to the point where you want to vomit, then head to the never-ending selection of buffets in Vegas.  If you want to be surprised and have a lively conversation with your dining partner(s) about the delicious food you're eating, then you have to try this place.  Here's what we ordered:-Rou Jia Mou street sandwich:  Wow!  So tasty and good.  The bread part reminded me of Northern Chinese scallion pancakes (minus the scallions) and the pork filling was so good.-Tuna ceviche:  High quality dish with some surprising crunch.  I had to ask the waitress what gave the crunchy texture and it turned out to be amaranth seeds which I've never had before.-Barbacoa de res tacos:  Good.  Nothing to complain about.-Sui Mai scallops dim sum:  Yes, it's a traditional dim sum item you can get in any dim sum restaurant but done very well.-Cajeta flan:  Very creamy and smooth.  Great dessert but I thought the addition of the ice cream was unecessary. -Singapore Sling:  So good, I had to drink 2 of them.  Perfect before hitting the slots ;)
3	Would be a 4 Star, but WAY over priced.Otherwise, we've been here a few times, and they have good food and drinks. We really liked the air margarita, fried rice, barbacoa tacos, and definitely delicious guacamole and chips (ask for chips instead of tortillas).
5	one of the best meals i've had in years!I hope he opens one of these in LA :)First, we began with Singapore Slings ( orig Raffles Singapore Recipe ) - done with fresh made pineapple juice - YUM! I think our entire table had 2 each before dinner.Then the food just kept coming -- I love spicy food and they did all the vegan spicy well. The folks at my table that ate meat loved their meals just as much. The chinese noodles done with mexican carne asada on top seemed to be a huge fav. Highlights include:The Hearts of Palm SaladThe Taro Root and AsparagusThe Glass NoodlesMushroom TacosI really could have sat there for 6 hours eating.... thanks Jose!
2	Sad to say I was disappointed in China Poblano. I'm a huge fan of anything Jose Andres does, but this place fell far short of my expectations. The concept is fine, and the food wasn't bad, it just wasn't anything special. The braised pork street sandwich tasted EXACTLY like their steamed buns with bbq pork. In fact, half the menu tasted the same. If you're in Vegas for a weekend, I'd skip this place. The decor is nice, and I enjoyed their "Tea for two" cocktail served in a teapot, but the food was a let down in comparison to other restaurants in the same niche.
4	Really nice food from an unusual restaurant that is both Mexican and Chinese. I went for all Mexican food - since can have Chinese food any time!First dish was basically tortilla chips/nachos with cheese, peppers and chorizo. Tasted delicious. I also had a couple tacos. Not the hard crispy things you get in the UK but almost like savoury pancakes. Nice and juicy. I had one with pork and another one with a fish. However, I think they may have been some confusion as one taco came late and it tasted like pork - and not any sort of fish I  have had before.
4	My favorite of The Cosmopolitan restaurants, this unusual but excellent restaurant by Jose Andres is casual, fun, and excellent. The menu offers dishes that I have never experienced, especially in their combinations. It was artfully presented, and the taste was pure delight. I loved the Dan Dan noodles, the guacamole was heavenly, and the sticky rice may be one of the best desserts in Vegas. This is an affordable and wonderful experience that I highly recommend, and hats off to the waiters for informed and engaging service.
4	I loved this place! The atmosphere is fun and exciting. Ok, for all of you complaining about prices...really? You expect to spend $1.50 on a taco in the cosmopolitan? Seriously? This is not the place. The prices are not outrageous for Cosmopolitan prices. You pay for location.Must haves:Salt Air Margaritas!!!! These were divine. The salt foam is interesting in a good way. Our table could not stop ordering them.Sui Mai! Small, but DELICIOUS and they have gold flakes. Come on!Gaucamole - spicy, but exceptional quality great with tortillas or the chipsQueso Fundido was good, but not over the top deliciousViva China tacoScallop Ceviche! These come out as little scallop shooters on half limes. You shoot the scallop and squeeze the lime with the spices on it. SO GOOD. Along with the margaritas these were our favorite of the evening.When Pigs Fly - Great pork buns, better than most dim sum I've had. Not too much bread.Meh:Lobster taco - didn't care for itPorkbelly taco - too much sauce!Ten Treasure - too little flavor compared to everything elseOverall great place even just for a drink (margarita) and a snack. I would love to come back and order the scallop ceviche again!
2	the food was good the prices and portion size was lacking immensely. we had a $50 dollar bill and left still hungry. If you need a snack before a meal at one of the other restaurants go here. there steamed buns were handmade and good.
5	Very fun and hip atmosphere.  Seating isnt the most comfy but I love the ambiance and the decor.  It's a little asian and a little bit mexican.  The food is excellent.  There are really fun choices.  The mango sticky rice was soooo different than the traditional kind that you get at normal Thai places.  You have to try it to understand what I experienced.  I loved the barbacoa tacos and wished they were bigger but at least I had room to eat other things.  The carnitas taco was also good.  The langosta was so rich and tasty.  The mole fries was not my favorite since it was too heavy on sauce and made the fries soggy.  The pozole was also really good but too large - share it with someone.
3	Interesting concept and fun decor, but it didn't really work for me.   Salt air margarita was good though.
4	This review is only for the Mexican food at China Poblano. The pork carnitas tacos and fried fish tacos are really good. They're about $4.50 each which seems like a lot, but I think it's reasonable for good quality food on the strip. Everything is a la carte, so I'd recommend the chips and guacamole too. Service is pretty fast, and location is ideal - right by Marquee. Perfect for quick food after the day club.
2	China Poblano is an Asian/Mexican fusion restaurant that has good intentions but I think misses the mark on communicating their vision and does not get you good bang for your buck.  I went here for brunch, as the Cosmopolitan is limited on breakfast options.  The group I went with was also not very familiar with the fusion concept.  When we were looking through the menu, many of them were confused because the menu wasnt clearly communicating what was a "traditional" asian item, "traditional" mexican item & "fusion" item.  They also didn't have a good enough description as to what was in a taco, on a tortilla or what was a soup/ceviche on their brunch menu.  Most of my party had no idea what they ordered until it arrived.I thought it was too expensive for what you got.  First, chips, guacamole, salsa were all extra costs.  Our salsa literally looked like a splash of salsa in the bowl.  If you're going to charge me for it, it better be a bowl of salsa.  Many of the items were about $5-$10 and you literally got (1) taco with no sides of beans or rice.  You would have to spend about $20 each to get a decent meal.I got the chilaquiles, which are normally my favorite brunch item.  When they arrived, it was not what I qualify as a good chilaquiles.  The chips barely had any sauce on them, it was too cheesy and chorizo was just plopped down on top of it.  I basically had chili cheese nachos and was disappointed.
2	I came here for dinner on a weeknight because I was intrigued by the venue and concept.  The first thing I noticed was that the prices seemed quite high for Chinese/Mexican food, but this was the Cosmopolitan, so not surprising.  We had a combination of Chinese and Mexican Food which was good, but really nothing special.  What really surprised me was the disjointed service.  All of our food was brought out piecemeal.  My girlfriend ordered two tacos and my buddy and I eached orded a soup dish.  My girlfriend got one of her tacos brought to her first.  Then she sat there and waited for my buddy and I to get our food, one at a time, several minutes apart.  Then my girlfriend's second taco came.  Bringing out the food piecemeal would make sense if it was a family-style meal, but I think it was pretty clear we each ordered our own dish.The kicker was that we ordered chips and salsa, and didn't get it until we were almost done with our dinner, and then only after I asked about it.  The waitress was very friendly and pleasant, but this restaurant was just kind of off this night.I think a restaurant that charges these kinds of prices for this kind of food needs to compensate by offering something unique, whether it be service, a special venue, etc.  I just didn't see it here, and there are way too many other great dining options in Vegas.  I'm glad I tried it, but will probably not go back.
2	Sad my first official check in and it has to be given 2-stars.  It's more like 2.5, but in the restaurant world, you are either a 5 star or not, so we have to round down.I really had a lot of hope for this place, but was sadly disappointed.  We had to make reservations as apparently this place gets pretty packed.  It is located outside of Marquee and next to Holsteins in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Reading some yelpers and also having followed Chef Jose Andres and his accomplishments, we figured we'd give this place a try.  The place was jammed packed on a Saturday night, and did have to wait a few minutes, but it allowed us to see the decor of the place which I really did love.  It's a Mexico meets China fusion restaurant which is a very interesting concept and worked out well, sort of...The various tacos were great, I would say this is the highlight of the place.  Definitely a fusion of flavors and not your run in the mill choices - worth n order or two.  The other tapas were ok, some better than others but no where near the chef's best - after ordering them, we sat there thinking hmm, should I have just gotten a taco or two more instead?  The drinks were inventive: salt air margarita (salt foam on top) and lemon drop with jelly noodles (looks like chicken noodle soup).  The margarita was hard to say the least.  Strong salt in your face followed by a heavy handed (strong) margarita - was pretty hard to drink.  Then tasting the lemon drop (w/jelly noodles) was hard to sip in itself.  More like a soup than a drink, and strong yet again.  I thought it would be an alcoholic boba-ish drink, but it came up very short of those expectations.  All in all, for some tacos, its a great place, but anything else, maybe hit up Holstein's next door and grab a drink at the chandler bar before marquee.
2	No way Jose! Loved the teeny $12 salt air margarita (really did) and was digging the camarones with black garlic but truth be told, I can get REAL street tacos and AUTHENTIC Chinese food which is MUCH better and about 1/4 of the price.
2	It was a Saturday Night and we met up with my bro-in-law and his friends.  They were eating at the counter, first come first serve (I think).  Luckily, 5 minutes after chatting, 2 people got up so that we could sit. (Bonus points for the purse hooks under the counter!)(Since China Poblano is located across Marquee, it was crazy to see how long the line was at 8:00PM!!)I'm only rating on a few items, because that is all we had to try.  We ate a good brunch and some Sam Woo (boo) mid-afternoon..so we ordered only 2 tacos to try.I ordered the Pancita al Pastor Taco:  slow-cooked pork belly/ pineapple $5.50 - I ate it in 2.5 bites! It was okay..NOT "GOOOD" like I was hoping.  It didn't really satisfy my tastebuds.  But the way they sliced the pineapple long ways and so thin was interesting.   I did not feel that the taco was worth the $5.50.My hubby ordered the Viva China Taco:  soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce $5.50 - done in 2 bites!  He said is was VERY SALTY!Someone orderd the Papas Fritas with mole poblano / Mexican cream / queso fresco.  Nothing to rave about.  Just fries with the mentioned above ingredients.The best thing I tasted there was the Salt Air Margarita.  Think Margarita Martini with a Salt foam topping instead of Salt Rim.  Very eye catching too!A few weeks later, I found out, to my surprise, that my Mom's favorite Chef, Jose Andres owns China Poblano - which made it a little more dissapointing.The decor of lights, changing LCD picture frames, bicycle wheels was really different and neat.  I don't know that I would come here again - because by the time we go to Vegas again, there will be more and other places to try.PS.  What's with the warm tap water??  You would think they would have "normal" ice water.
1	Such a disappointing place!  While I lived in DC several years ago, I visited many of his restaurants there and they were all amazing.  I was so hopeful for China Poblano...but oh no, what happened?  The service was not good and the food was terrible and ridiculously overpriced.  The Sprite I ordered was $5 and the Coke was $5.88...nowhere on the menu does it reveal these crazy prices!  But, back to the food...the vegetable fried rice had no taste whatsoever and the ocean's nest barely had any seafood in it...just a lot of large vegetables!  There are so many other great choices in Vegas and I am so disappointed we spent $80 here...ouch!
5	I seriously have no idea why the average is SO low for this restaurant. I have been to China Poblano twice now, and it can't get better than this!  I am a foodie and know good food when I eat it, so please take this review to heart!China Poblano is a "nice casual" Chinese/Mexican fusion restaurant at the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas.  I have never stayed here, but I can just imagine how beautiful the rooms must be, given the interior of the hotel's main floor.  China is a very eclectically designed restaurant, definitely great for striking up some interesting conversation topics.Allow me to rate what I have eaten there.  Everything has been amazing!!Queso Fundido - THIS IS A MUST if you like cheese.  One of the best queso dishes I have EVER tried, complete with handmade, fresh tortillas!Chilaquiles - Delicious and filling...not necessarily sure you need to get this if you are getting the queso fundido, as it is the same cheese.When Pigs Fly - Awesome "dim sum" style pork buns...yum!Beijing Glass Noodles - Wonderful cold noodle dish, sort of like a noodle salad...that might not sound that intriguing, but this is a must try as wellPapas Fritas with Mole Poblano, Mexican Cream, and Queso Fresco - A great fries dish not to be missed!Twenty-vegetable fried rice - This is what they are famous for.  It's good, but not my fave of what I have tried.People I have gone with tried the pork street sandwich...they were underwhelmed.  They also tried the Dan Dan Mian noodles.  I had a bite and they were really good!  I have also heard that the guacamole is just okay (like any other table side guacamole), but I still plan to try it one day.This is my go-to restaurant for Friday nights in Vegas...definitely give this one a try!
2	Chinese & MexicanRou Jia Mo Street Sandwich red braised pork $8.88. A little salty and greasy but tasty. It has an interesting 'English muffin' type bread and a juicy pulled pork filling. Be aware these portion sizes are itty bitty. I also ordered the 'fresh' squeezed papaya and mango juice. It tasted watered down and not sweet at all.
4	This is definitely a go to spot when I'm in Vegas and if you're in town you should give it a try but that being said I would lean more toward the Mexican side of the menu (not because I'm half Mexican either) and less on the Chinese side. So for the record I love Chinese food...I do live in Alhambra...one of LA County's Asian food Meccas.I was hearing about how bomb China Poblano's tacos were and I was like "ahhh tacos are tacos"... right? NO...not so much. The first time I ordered we ordered Lobster, Carnitas and Chicken tacos. Each taco has it's flavorful meat lay on a freshly made warm tasty corn tortilla. Also, a bit of fresh in house made salsas that are loaded with flavor and not so heavy on spice and some fresh cilantro are added.  I have to say each and every taco I tasted was fantastic. However, the stand out star of the show in my humble little opinion is the Carnitas Taco, it is a very succulent braised baby pork meat... but it is topped off with an in house made small fried pork rind. Can I say that after I had that little added crunch in my taco...I thought to myself "why in the hell didn't I think of that". If you've had chips in your sandwich you know what I'm talking about. This extra little crunch make it pop and sets it apart from all other tacos. Ohhh...yum! The freshly made guacamole is so so good, perfectly made and even there chips are very very good and there just chips!In addition to ordering the tacos the first time we ordered some Chinese food too. I love veggies ...very big on vegetables and among my favorite is eggplant. Naturally I ordered the Dancing Eggplant from menu and the Lemon Pepper Shrimp dish. The shrimp was a little to spicy for me personally but it was fine, nothing to write home about but not bad. The only item that went array was the eggplant. I don't understand how anyone could go wrong with eggplant...it is so meaty and absorbs flavor when cooking it like no other veggie. Not only was this the worse eggplant dish I've ever tasted it was the worst tasting food I've ever eaten period! I think it must have been steamed and it was if someone sucked all the flavor and life out of it...nasty. Sorry CP it was bad. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5. However, as horrible as that dish was everything else I've had and every time I've eaten there I enjoy it. By the way you can dine in or order take out...and eat it in your room. Oh and it is on the pricey side for tapas style food...but hey it's Vegas :) . Enjoy!
4	Had Setas taco and bejing glass. Food was FRESH and not oversauced. Service was STELLER. Went at around 5:30 pm. Not busy at all. Experience was refreshing after all the Vegas hustlers.
4	We came here to eat before going to the marquee pool cause we were starving. I know I know, we're going to have a full belly right before we have to be in our swim suits.. but we can't go hungry! This is not the Yelp way! Deciding between Chinese/Mexican and burgers, since they were the only two restaurants right next to marquee, we decided on the first. When in vegas and you want a decent, quick meal without spending a ton of money, I'd say this place was pretty good! One thing I did not like -1 star is that they charged me wrong! I looked at my signed receipt and the amount charged on my card and noticed a $15 difference! It's too small to even complain about but that wasn't cool...We ordered: Silencio taco - duck tongue, definitely interesting. The lychee flavor wasn't very strong thoughPancita pastor taco - pork belly, had too much sauceRainbow congee - not the normal items that you usually see in a congee, but still tasty to meUnruly monk noodle soup - this was way too saltyTen treasures noodle soup - yum!Like water chocolate - fried quail egg and dragon fruit - definitely a unique mix but worth a try!
2	My boyfriend and I came here after we missed the lunch window for Wicked Spoon.  We were starving (which usually allows crappy food to taste a little better) and just went for what was close.I should have known that a Chinese/Mexican restaurant would not be a good idea.  There is a reason why I've never come across this mix.  It's because it simply does not work!  This restaurant should either focus on making better Chinese food or better Mexican, not attempt to make both types of cuisines.I had the dan dan noodles and some soup with wontons (the name escapes me now).  The dan dan  noodles were okay.  The soup didn't have much flavor.  It's only saving grace were the wontons.My boyfriend ordered one lobster taco (because they are $10 a pop) and two chicken tacos (mole sauce on the side).  He said the lobster taco was good, but the chicken was just whatever.Overall, the best thing that we ordered was the guacamole and the Mexican coke.  The chips and salsa were decent.
5	Jose knocks it out of the park again. Everything works in this place from the downscale but crisp decor to the lobster taco to the Mexicana mommas hammering out freshly made tortillas. You might think Chinese and Mexican a strange mix but this food is playful, creative the really tasty. It just works, the flavor profiles fit like a hand into a smooth fitted kid glove. The air salt margarita and lemon drop served with chopsticks (because you need them) are just the icing on the Jose Andres cake
4	This is truly an original concept.  I must say that I enjoy Cuban-Chinese food better, but this restaurant knows better than to go down the fusion route.  It is a truly fun place.  It is pricey but a good bargain by Las Vegas strip standards.  I enjoyed the 20 vegetable fried rice.  It gives you an interesting combo of flavors.  The pork sandwich is a winner, as is the langosto taco and the pan fried noodles.  Is it truly authentic: no.  If you are looking for dim sum or true Chinese or Mexican cuisine you will be disappointed.  However, it you enjoy creativity, and a restaurant willing to push the envelope with a fun atmosphere this is a great place.  I look forward to returning!
3	I am not a big Chinese food person, but I pretty much loved everything I tried here. For the life of me I could not tell you what half of the things were called, but I do remember that the best thing I had wasChicken Ji Song , which was chicken in a sweet sauce of some kind on a lettuce cup topped with shredded sweet potato. It was amazing. I would have never thought to try a place that entailed Chinese and Mexican foods, but I am glad I was invited to try it. The service was great as well and the drinks were really good. One of the most creative ideas I have seen in awhile is the straws were wrapped in a green onion shoots.
2	Let's just get straight to the point...Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but the ramen that they had there wasn't the finest I've had. It had me regretting my decision to get it and wanting the tan tan noodles that were next to me and the ceviche that was across the table. The broth was watery with some greasy in it. It was just too salty. I'll pass next time on the ramen and just get something....less complicated.
3	Not only was I dying to check out the Cosmopolitan hotel, but when I saw the description of this restaurant, I HAD to eat here!!! I love both Asian and Latin food, so what better two to fuse together?!?'  I was surprised when I realized it was "casual dining" because the description on the website made it sound very upscale? Either way, I wasn't disappointed!!!  Because I was in a hurry, I sat on the barstools that oversee the kitchen so you can actually watch them make your entire meal from scratch. Spoke to the Asian guy sitting next to me who confirmed that everything was VERY authentic (I'm not familiar with some of the Asian dishes they were serving). I couldn't decide on any of the noodle dishes, so ended up with the chicken/rice/avocado soup (don't remember what they called it?) and a chicken taco with mole sauce. Both delicious!! Service was excellent as well! I thought it was a little pricey ($9 for soup and $5 for one TINY taco) but you have to expect that in Vegas! I would love to try many more things on the menu!
1	First of all the prices are way too high, I ordered the Chinese taco, the oyster used on it (one only) was either canned, or long past due. The rest was greasy and odd tasting.The potatoes with mole where French fries with sweet mole.And the lamb potstickers were still raw in the middle, the cumin doily they cooked with it knocked out ANY lamb flavor. What a shame, the concept was good, the execution crappy.
4	Was there for the chef event but have to say I liked the atmosphere and setting.  The food was good of course but I don't think our offerings were menu-based per say.  My fav. was the fish tacos.  The Ceviche seemed really salty.   I'd go back but don't know the regular prices so I can't attest to the value...
3	First time there was amazing but today end up w/ huge disappointed.
3	We were scoping out the spiffy new Cosmopolitan Hotel when we passed by this very interesting looking restaurant. There were two "to-go counters" on either side of the entrance--one said "OPEN: Chinese Food," the other "OPEN: Mexican Food." Intrigued, we decided to see if we could get in for dinner on the spot and got lucky scoring the table of a no-show reserved party. Vegas can be a gamble, but sometimes you do win!As its name (and exterior!) would suggest, China (pronounced chee-na) Poblano is an experiment in mixing Asian and Latin cuisine. From dim sum to tacos to noodles with huitlacoche (corn smut, apparently), this is where Chinatown meets the Mission. Yes, I'm sort of from San Francisco.I give this place 5 stars for the decor (and service, which was also very good). The outside that's set up to look like a city street with cheap Mexican and Chinese eateries side by side is a front for a very swanky restaurant on the inside. Bicycle wheels hanging from the ceiling, random Asian and Native American-looking knickknacks stacked upon the walls in artsy fartsy fashion, splashes of colorful paint... I was in interior design heaven. Great job on that.On the other hand, for the food and its value, I can only give three stars. It was delicious, but ridiculously overpriced. $12.88 for four pieces of har gao? Teeny tiny pieces too, like a third the size of the shrimp dumplings you can get at any authentic Chinese restaurant. $15.88 for won ton noodle soup?? $15 for guacamole?!?! I get it that this is a trendy fusion restaurant and that the chef is famous, but come on now. Ethnic street food in a fancy hotel in Las Vegas is still ethnic street food, which means it should be cheap. Essentially, you are paying to dine in this very nicely and expensively decorated business venture.All things considered, it was a satisfying meal and I'm glad I got to try this place. Our party of six ordered about half the menu and doubled up on some dishes as well. Clearly I was not buying dinner that evening... I'll save whatever money I bring back from Vegas for my neighborhood taqueria, thank you.
2	Got 2 dim sum offerings and the mushroom taco.Shocked that a taco this small with mushrooms and nothing else was 5 bucks. It was nothing special or unique or fusion-y, but overpriced.The dim sum was of the PF Chang variety --- not really dim sum, very un authentic, and at 11 bucks each, ridiculously overprieced.The only reason this gets 2 stars and not 1 is that the setting (both hotel and restaurant itself) are gorgeous! But you can do far far better in Vegas, skip this place.
3	The itty bitty tiny portions they give you is delicious.  Our bill was seriously $63 for a sandwich smaller then an english muffin, cut up romaine with beef over it, and a bowl of fried rice.We ate at the airport about an hour later - we were starving!
2	Over priced Chinese/Mexican Food. We went here, because I saw it on The Best Thing I Ever Ate. Can't remember who, but the guy who liked it loved the Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice. So we got it, and that was our favorite out of everything we had. Other than that, everything else was just okay or underseasoned (needed a bit more salt).A must:Twenty-Vegetable Fried RiceWhen Pigs FlyJust Okay:Sui Mai BeefDan Dan MianChips and SalsaGuacamoleNot good:Cochinita TacosPollo a la Parrilla TacosPapas fritas with XO SauceDrinks:Au Bon Climat Chardonnay: goodSalt Air Margarita: our friend got this, and she really liked it.Service was good. The servers suggested 3 - 4 dishes per person, but I really think 2 - 3 would be more than enough. We had a great time. Good place to try, but we won't be back.... well, maybe just for the fried rice.
1	i do not understand this place. came with a couple girlfriends because we were STARVING after partying at marquee dayclub and this is the closest place hahai thought all food tasted good when you were hungry but china poblano proved me wrong...we ordered a lot of food and everything tasted really bland. the portions were really small and all the dishes were totally overpriced. so many other places to eat in the cosmopolitan. SKIP this place
4	AMAZING tacos, pretty good other things.My friend is a huge fan of the chef who created this restaurant so we came here at her request. I ordered three tacos:Viva China (beef tendon and oysters) $5.50: Delicious! A very strange combination especially when on a taco, but hot damn was it good (yeah, I just said hot damn).Lengua (beef tongue) $4: REALLY delicious! Easily the best flavored beef tongue I've ever had. Carnitas (pork, green sauce, and pork rinds) $4.50: I was a bit thrown off by the pork rind, but it really worked! Its a hard call, but this was probably my favorite taco.The three were pretty darn small, but hey they were bomb.The traditional Sui Mai (mini dumplings) were really good. But everything else I tasted food-wise was just ok. The drinks however were all delicious. Great selection and bar tending.The service was also great. So this place isn't cheap, but if you want some different/awesome tacos, you may have found your spot!Here is the menu: http://www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com/pdf/menu/ChinaPoblanoUpdated.pdf
1	Where do I begin?  Went to china poblano at the suggestion of the hotel concierge.  He must have been on the payroll.  Ordered several items from the menu and I must say the chef needs to rethink His/Her selections.
3	China Poblano, like many things in Vegas, is a unique experience. It's not Chinese/Mexican fusion, it's a menu that serves both traditional Mexican and Chinese dishes. It sounded like a good idea .... it just didn't deliver. They have an excellent selection of tacos, my favorite was the Carnitas which comes with pork rinds and a squeeze of lime juice. If they opened a food truck that served Carnitas tacos I would follow them around the country getting fatter by the day. Most of our group ordered from the Chinese side of the menu, and everything they ordered was disappointing. The dumplings were tiny and the noodles were flavorless.The highlight of the meal was the salt air margarita. It is a shaken margarita served with a light airy foam that replaces the traditional salted rim. The salty foam cuts the heavy handed pour of tequila, making it the perfect way to start a night of excess.Come for the salt air margarita, order some Carnitas tacos, and after you'll be ready for a night on the town.
3	this place is defintately overpriced as most places in Vegas are...I had a noodle dish-Huitacolte Noodles, pretty good, we had the dumpling apps, very very small...my husband had an app that was on teh special also very small....
3	Went for dinner while visiting Vegas with some friends. My friend had heard about the 20 vegetable fried rice on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" show. Funny thing was, that was our least favorite dish. They got the mushroom tacos, my husband and I got a couple of other tacos, the Cochinita and the Barbacoa de Res. We got the papas bravas to share and mole negro special. Our friends also got the chilaquiles which were insanely good. Everything was really good, with the exception of the fried rice, which was just okay. Would definitely go back again when in town.
2	the staff was nice, food tasted good, but it was pretty expensive.  i got a scallop ceviche which was 4 tiny little limes with some seasoning on each lime and then a bay scallop ontop of it and that was $12, and then i got some soup with chinese sausage in it that i didn't even it noticed it had sausage as it was just mush with not much flavor.  the soup itself was good, just wish i could have noticed it had the sausage.  drinks are small, margarita was like $12ish and was maybe 4 ounces.  the food tasted pretty good, but way too pricey for how small the portions are.  i probably won't be back
2	Love the decor and the Johnny-on-the-spot waitstaff.  The concept is interesting and the menu is mouth watering.  Celebrity chef.  What more can you ask for?  Unfortunately, most of the dishes were not impressive and in fact, pretty disappointing.I have to give props to the salt air margarita.  At $12 it's small, but it tastes great and the salt foam on top is a really nice touch.The 20 vegetable fried rice is famous here because some dude on TV said it was the "best I ever ate."  At $18 for a small plate of fried rice, all I can say is it was "the biggest ripoff I ever ate."  C'mon, you can't be serious!  Fried rice?As for the other "Chinese" food, very disappointing.  The BBQ pork buns were not good.  The pork was too saucy and the buns stuck to the wax paper so they completely fell apart when you pulled the paper off.  The hand-cut noodles in soup were nicely al-dente but the broth was tasteless.  Shu mai were run-of-the-mill.  Can you spell B.O.R.I.N.G.?  Lettuce cups with chicken were ... alas, not very good.  Where's the flavor?  Where's the kick?The "Mexican" dishes fared better, I think.  The duct tongue taco was great.  The weird taco of beef tendon and raw kumamoto oyster was ... weird, in a good way.  The most amazing thing about that taco was how freakin' small the oyster was.  Wow.  I almost had to ask the waiter for a magnifying glass to confirm that an oyster was indeed present.  Horton?  Did you hear that?  I do have to say that the tortillas were really, really tasty.Two stars is generous.
1	The wait was the shortest here, so we decided to dine here.It's an interesting concept but not worth the money.  I would've much rather waited a bit longer to eat at the burger joint next door.Our party ordered a variety of the mexican and chinese dishes.  Neither were on par to what we're use to back home (Orange County)
2	It seems we got taken in by similar things as other yelpers.  The idea sounded really good and the menu is very inventive.  While the salt air margarita was tasty, the twenty vegetable fried rice was average, and for average way over priced.  I don't know which food network chef thought this was the best thing he ever ate, but that chef should get out more.Noodle dish was weak(ocean's nest) but the pork buns were tastey.  And at the end all was extremely over priced.
4	This is a hidden gem of a restaurant. Very surprised at how good the food was. Quick service too.
4	No lie, the neon lights drew me in.  One screamed "Mexican Food" and the other "Chinese Food" - made me curious.  Not to mention, a Chinese woman making fresh noodles in one window while a Mexican women with her tortillas in another window.The menu made me just as curious - fancy tacos.  Each taco between $4-6, but with ridiculous combinations.  I tried:Viva China - Kumamoto steamed oyster, beef tendon, Sichuan sauce - the beef tendon was absolutely delicious with a wonderful crispy/chewy texture, but it was unfortunately overpowered by the oyster.  Two strong flavors that battled it out, but didn't come together in the end.Carnitas - Deliciously braised pork complete with large chicharrones, perfectly complemented with a salsa verde - I could have had a few of those.. Also had the Chilaquiles off the brunch menu - reminded me of super soaked nachos with a fried egg on top.  The table loved it.Huitlacoche Noodles - for mushroom lovers only, but if you love mushrooms and quite a hefty amount of spice - you'll love this dish.  They fail to mention the chiles in the dish.Chips & Salsa - the smoked flavor was strange at first but I grew to enjoy it.Salt Air Margarita - a very delicious margarita  in which case they salt is in the foam making each sip perfectly balanced.The service was great, the ambiance makes it a great lunch/brunch place.  Overall, a good place to try if you're near the Cosmopolitan.
4	Ok, this place is damn good. So damn good. The tacos were great, awesome combinations and ultimately this place is just very unexpected. the barbacoa and carnitas tacos are to die for...even the duck tongue was good(weird seeing little tongues in a tortilla but you get over it.) Because there were 4 of us, we decided to really sample the menu and try a lot of items...Lemon Tree Shrimp, Silencio, Barbacoa, Carnitas and Setas tacos and a few other things. The highlights for me besides the tacos were definitely the guacamole and tuna ceviche- I mean seriously, so friggin' good. Tasted the Salt Air Marg, eh whatever, not a big deal to me. Then, like everyone else, I agree...the bill came and I almost threw up all my food. $50 a person. We just got to Vegas. Shit. Not a good start! Next time, I will stick to one or two things and bring my own cocktail! SNAP!
2	Another small plates casual restaurant at Cosmopolitan by Jose Andres. We were so hungry, we only saw this restaurant open for lunch a bit earlier. It's Chinese and Mexican small plates. A solid 2.5 star, one goes to the service, one goes to the Singtao beer (Chinese beer) they had there and authentic Chinese hot sauce, half star goes to the decor. Total lunch bill for 2 , 1 beer: $70, ( really a lot for the tiny portions)A brunch menu and regular menu, we ordered something from both menus.Chinese noodle soup with egg, pork, veggies and mushrooms: bigger portion, it was meant for sharing, tasted sooo bad, we didn't know what kind of food was that.... Definitely not Chinese! Traditional Sui Mai: 6 tiny pieces with some gold stuffs on top of each one. They looked fancy but tasted disgusting.....I think they dipped all of those in soy sauce and dried them up....Extremely salty....Chicken Ji song: 4 tiny chicken lettuce wraps with fried potatoes on the top, they were OK Mexican grilled chicken taco: I don't think I have ever tasted a taco that bad, most disgusting flavored taco I have ever had! They put some sort of salty Chinese sauce or paste with green onions on top, those things just don't mix! Think chef confused it with a traditional Chinese wrap dish. If we weren't super hungry, I don't think we could have had even swallowed the food, they were soooo bad! Honestly it's a shame to a celebrity chef, Jose should've just sticked to Spanish tapas, forget about Chinese and Mexican food! I think this 2 kinds of food are the more original the better, don't play with them.....Worst food we'v ever had, but the service was great! Our waitress was super attentive and friendly. The decor is so cute, very trendy, the pictures on the wall change every few minutes, it was fun to look at them. I am pretty sure we weren't the only ones who hate the food. Saw some ppl sit down n looked at the menu for 5 minutes and left! Smart.... Just saying..... Will never go back !!!
4	SNACKS!  :)Hit up CP for some late night snacks.....well.... it was around 11pm which is late for me to be eating.This is more like a 3.5 star place but I'm rounding up because the service was really good.In any case, there were 4 of us and we were sat quickly.  It's a tapas-style restaurant that serves dim sum and mexican dishes.  Odd, I know but it works at this casual, unique, hip establishment.We ordered:Chips and Salsa - the Salsa was really good!  Good heat but not super hot... just great flavor.Papas Mole - These were 'ok'.... french fries with mole sauce.Chilaquiles - BEYOND YUM!  These are the reason I'd go back again.  Melty, crunchy, with just the right amount of "spice" ... but it wasn't "spicy" per se... it was just lots of great flavor!  :)When Pigs Fly - not bad but I don't think I'd order them again... were rather plainCarnitas Tacos - YUM!  Definitely would get these againLengua Taco - I didn't try these but the guy who ate it really liked it
5	My new favorite restaurant! Wonderfully authentic food - Jose Andres is a true genius! Guacamole is to die for! Flying Pigs dim sum ROCKS! Chicken mole tacos are sooo good! Tres Lychees cake is almost too beautiful to eat... almost! The lychees on top of the cake were really good and complimented this dessert wonderfully. I can hardly wait to go back to Vegas to eat at China Poblano... many times! Super delicious! Btw, our waiter, Marques, was really great.
4	While I was not that thrilled with the overall Mexican/Chinese concept or the decor of the place, the tacos I had were excellent.  I had the cochinita taco, barbacoa de res, and the carnitas taco.  I was surprised at how good and how different they all tasted.  Pass on the fries with the mole poblano sauce however-that was a miss.
2	I expected to be a lot more impressed... unfortunately I was not.  I had dinner here with my mother, her first time staying at the Cosmo, and she really isn't all that big into exploring new cuisines since she's been stuck in her Italian ways.  I was really hoping to provide her with a culinary experience that would broaden her horizons.  I was disappointed... the tacos were ok, but nothing amazing.  The sea salt foam margarita was too salty.  We ordered from both menus, and even the bao's were only "ok".  I feel that it was overpriced for what we received and only mediocre in food quality.  I will say though that the staff was very nice and patient with our ordering at the bar, though it took a very long time to receive our check.
3	Not the best, but good. Guacamole was really very excellent, but at $15, I would expect it to be.The physical plates appear to be the same as they use at Oyamel in DC, but I can't be certain. Waitstaff was great -- very patient (we had a couple members of our party come a bit late), and took into consideration our dietary concerns. Unfortunately, that really consisted of leaving off the bonita flakes on one dish, and just informing us of which dishes weren't vegetarian friendly (and there were a lot).Overall, I like Jose Andres' restaurants quite a bit, and while China Poblano was decent, it wasn't anything to really write home about.
3	queso fundido.. melted menonita, tequila blanco.. decent but got sick of it after a few biteschicken ji song.. lettuce cups, fried sweet potato.. a little on the sweet side but solid flavorfried fish taco with salsa.. deliciousfriendly service
4	We ended up here about twice in just as many days, because there was almost too much to try in one sitting.  They've got a couple open kitchen stations - one for some of the Mexican items and another with a huge steamer for the Chinese dumplings, plus an area for making noodles.  I have to say that at the rather odd hours we were in, we didn't see much more than a few egg rolls being wrapped, however.They have a fairly large cocktail menu with some interesting, though confusing things, and notably have a couple Chinese beers by the bottle that I had not seen before.We tried a couple tacos - Silencio, with duck tongue and lychee, was quite good, the duck tongue being very approachable.  Viva China, with tendon and oyster, was similarly unthreatening.  In general, though the flavors were good and the textures were decent, these tacos put so many different components together that they often got lost in each other.Lamb Potstickers were good, and reasonably, but again not emphatically, lamby.Huitlacoche Noodles were a little disappointing.  The noodles had a nice texture, but we had a hard time detecting much huitlacoche flavor.The braised pork sandwich ( Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich ) was awesome, but about two bites.We came back specifically to try the Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice.  Expensive at $17.88, it is possible that they did in fact include 20 vegetables, cut into very small cubes, somewhere within the rather small portion.  But in the end it was just that:  fried rice.We were hoping to see a lot more fusion on the menu, but most dishes were segregated onto one side or the other.  We enjoyed both our experiences - the servers were accommodating, though very casual, and there was a lot to look at in the space, from the cooking going on to the walls of offbeat art.  Overall, and keeping in mind that this is in a fancy hotel casino in the middle of the desert, the food is remarkably good for the location.
3	good food and service. Too expensive for the plate size
4	My traveling companions decided to go and get pampered at a hotel spa and rely on a trained professional to provide some comfort into their lives, but I nixed that idea because for me comfort comes in the form of good food passing from my mouth to my belly.I found myself exploring the Cosmopolitan on my own when I came upon this unique second floor restaurant which announced Chinese food in one window and Mexican food in another.  I stopped to study the menu and learned it was exactly what I thought it to be, a restaurant specializing in dim sum, noodles and tacos.Since I was dining alone I was seated at the dim sum bar where I had a front row seat watching the ladies prepare, fill and fold fresh dumplings (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=zE32BWJoqOAZL4TmaNlT3w) and roll out fresh hand-cut noodles.  I decided to order from both the Chinese and Mexican menus in order to sample the cuisine a little bit better.For starters I ordered one of two Agua Frescas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=W60P4p4WhAKZMHqhVyGHmw) available at the time choosing one made of blood oranges and pomegranates.  From the Dim Sum menu I selected the Sui Mai Scallops made up of ground pork, bamboo, mushrooms and peanuts and the Har Gau which combined shrimp and pork belly in its filling.  From the Tacos menu I selected an individual Carnitas taco and the Pescado Frito taco.  I agreed to have my selections brought out as they were prepared.The Pescado Frito (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=8cIp34h9uM_xmdh4LajsUg) taco arrived first.  On paper this was supposed to be fried fish and a Mexican salsa, but the fish I had inside my taco certainly didn't seem fried.  No matter its preparation I liked it as the flaky fish was bursting with flavor and hot juices running amok.  This was a very simple but very good fish taco.The Carnitas taco (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=9WJy0kQq33M7dBVaCtAbNw) was up next.  This was braised baby pork, creamy guacamole, chicharrones and lime at its best.  When the server told me this was her favorite it took me just one bite to understand why.  If I really wanted to pig out I could have easily devoured another three of these.The dim sum were served in individual bamboo steamers with the lids left on until I was ready to enjoy.  This helped keep the little morsels hot and steamy while I worked on my tacos.I had the Har Gau (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=ugVecr8s4E13Ak4f0t3P8w) first.  These were quite unique as there was actually a pocket of broth inside the chewy, translucent shell much like what is usually experienced with xiao lung baos.  The shrimp was so fresh it was crunchy and while I didn't notice anything special with the added pork belly the juicy har gau was delicious enough to stand on its own.I saved the Sui Mai Scallops (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=OG_yUcneFS9wu0I9ejqQLg) for last.  These were easily some of the most eye-appealing sui mais I've ever had topped with a bit of tobiko and some micro greens.  In terms of flavor and originality it was another winner.  The soft peanuts mixed in with the pork and the mushrooms gave these a very pleasant earthiness.  I enjoyed each one slowly, and stayed in my seat contemplating the delicious food I just sampled until it was time to meet up with my friends again.Uh, guys, I won't be joining you for dinner tonight.  I'm stuffed!!
1	The first time I went here, I had 2 tacos and thought they were deliciousThe second time I went here, I had the wonton soup and 2 tacos and thought dog doo would taste better.I thought about why the difference in opinions from both experiences and finally figured it out.  The first time someone paid for it, and the second time I paid for it!The second time, I spent $18 on the wonton soup, and $9 on 2 tacos (street taco size).  Nothing gourmet about this crap at all other than the fancy name "By Jose Andres" attached to it.  I later asked for a coke and the server happily gave me one, and asked for $6.50.  $6.50 for a coke...really?I forgot i was eating at a Jose Andres establishment.  Next time I'll just take my money and throw it on the floor, spit on it, and walk away.  Probably more satisfaction from that then eating here.
4	Best tacos I've ever had - outside of LA.Try the carnitas, pollo, and al pastor.  Thank me later :)
4	Very cool restaurant concept.  Service was great and the decor was awesome!  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was the fact that the noodles had way too much sauce.  The Mexican chiliquilas we had were FANTASTIC!  I would for sure go back for the Mexican food again, but not sure I would it the Chinese.
1	Absolutely HORRID. Words can't express how appalled I am about our food experience at this restaurant. Portions are laughable and food is the worst I have ever had. The Dan Dan Mien noodles ($12) were thrown into a big plastic tub containing 90% air and 10% food. It came out to the equivalent of 5 noodle strands, mixed in with a few pieces of meet, vegetables, and put into a big container to give the illusion of generous portions. The Langosta Tacos ($10) and Carnitas Tacos ($4.50) were the size of my index finger - no joke. Rarely do I ever order food and feel so jipped-off and demoralized. Aside from the highway-robbery prices, ridiculous portions and nasty food, the worst part was perhaps that the waitress recommended these items to us. *** China Poblano and the ownership/management, and even Cosmopolitan should be really ashamed of themselves. My experience was nothing short of criminal and I will NEVER go back. ***
2	A headache indeed. The menu items had weird names accompanied with descriptions that only baffled my friends and I even more. Although the waitress who helped my table was more than helpful to recommend menu items, the food was small in portions (just like any other restaurant here in Vegas) and were not good. The 20 Vegetable Fried Rice was okay. I'm of Chinese ethnicity, so I feel like my mother's cooking could single-handedly run the Chinese side of this Chinese-Mexican fusion (wtf?) restaurant out of business; the Tuna Ceviche and carnitas were okay.
4	I have stopped getting horrified at prices of any establishment inside a Las Vegas strip hotel. Yes China Poblano is a bit overpriced in the general scheme of things, but for its kind, fairly normal. Came here for some food before heading into Marquee, since it's right in front of the club. We weren't too hungry but, kids, lots and lots of liquor on an empty stomach = wishing you were dead the next morning. So, light meals. I got the traditional siu mai and my friend got the queso fundido.Let me remind you that I was (mostly) sober at this point.The siu mai was bomb. Maybe I hadn't had siu mai for a while and really missed it. Maybe very slight intoxication made it yummier. Who knows? But I thought it was great. So great in fact that the day before the trip ended, I just had to come back.And yes, it was still good the second time around (and totally sober this time). Plus they had a dish called Like Water for Chocolate. Come on. Bookworm that I was, I could not resist. And yes it was good. Dragonfruit and rose petals and quail! Exotic and delicious.I'd definitely go back.
4	Chinese Mexican fusion.  Who ever heard of such a thing?  Two foods that most Americans love.  I'm not convinced that it works, but I really enjoyed trying it out.  I went there only once.  It was a food tasting, so I do not know the cost but I assume it is pricey.  It was really tasty and unique.  The atmosphere was typical of the Vegas strip, which is to say that it was super cool.  This place is definitely worth checking out, but I can't see it mass produced on a national scale.
2	The food was delicious but the service was horrible there were three of us and everyone food came at a different time
2	Chinese mexican... hmmm... big miss... decor an service were excellent... I tried different tacos, and they all were marginal... please do not order viva china taco.... tortillas are the only thing I was impressed with from the expensive tacos. Who knows maybe the chinese menu taste better
1	Yuck! We ordered alot of food, and didn't like much of it. I love Chinese food. I love Mexican food. So, you would think Chinese-Mexican fusion would be the prefect place for me, but NOPE. The service was ok, but the food was gross to me. Not to mention extremely small portions.
4	If I could hire Jose Andres to come and cook for me every day, every meal ... I would.  We stopped in here for lunch one day.  Homemade corn tortillas are a definite WIN for me. The service was a bit on the slow side and the pace of food coming out was a bit weird, but the food was fantastic.  We even went back two days later for a quick lunch.  My favorite things there had to be the carnitas taco (with a homemade pork rind on top) and the guacamole (medium heat).Definitely a fan, but their service could improve.
3	I liked the food here. Jose Andres is very creative, and I have enjoyed all of his restaurants that I have been to, thus far. Highlights were the pork belly sandwich (in indian bread). Please order this, especially if you like pork belly. The other highlights was the carnitas taco. For drinks, if you like a little kick/smoke to your margarita, then get the one with the "special rim". I also had the salt air margarita, which is fun and tasty, but I actually preferred the special rim. Hmm, that sounds strange to say. Oh, and queso fundido was pretty good. Don't order the 22 dollar expensive seafood noodle dish. Not worth it. Also, the scallop shu mai was just okay. My friend and I tried 2 desserts, and neither were impressive. I ordered the mango with sticky rice. Well, there is no rice. They put what tastes like rice krispies on the top. Fail.  Service was good. Very friendly young male server.  But, I hated the seating there. Most seats have no back to them, and they are very uncomfortable. Good thing it doesn't take long to eat here.
1	One might expect a restaurant in a wonderful hotel like the cosmopolitan would be spectacular - not in this case. My girlfriend and I ordered what seemed to be like safe dishes to eat, we shared the soup Swallow a Cloud and ordered 2 tacos for myself and 1 for her. First of all, the soup smelled and tasted like feet. Very unappetizing. The tacos, which take only 2 bites to finish, we're nothing special at all. My girlfriend was very unhappy and ended up getting a Pinks taco across the street. Prices are REDICULOUS for what they serve. Cosmopolitan should be ashamed to host this restaurant.
1	Stay away. Great concept and design but food is horrible. The chips and salsa no good. Dim sum not so good. Tacos weren't the greatest. This place has lots of room for improvement. Heck they even ran out of Juice. The water had a facet flavor.
1	Yuk. I wouldn't have chosen to eat here on a regular day, but considering this was the only restaurant in the cosmo that didn't have a $150 prixe fixe menu on NYE (who wants to stuff their face with $150 worth of food before dancing their ass off on NYE???) I had no choice. I made a reservation on opentable. A few days later they called me to take a credit card down since we had a party of more than 8, fine. A few days after that I randomly noticed that they dropped my reservation to 5:30?! If I had not noticed that we would've lost our space... wtf. Thankfully after I called, they were able to change it. They also had a set menu which was all shell fish and pork and had NO substitute options. Two of my guests couldn't even eat half the food. One of my friends who is allergic to shrimp, accidentally ate some and they didn't have benedryl on hand... that should be standard for a restaurant. I asked for them to comp her meal and they kindly agreed to do it, but after we paid I noticed that they charged for the makeshift substitutes they served... wow thanks for nothing! Last but definitely least, was the food. What a gross compilation of food. The worst was the vomit pepper... literally looked like a green pepper with baby vomit on it and it didn't taste much different. Nope nope nope...
3	I was curious about the Chinese / Mexican fusion so I decided to check this place out.  We had the Unruly monk which had a strong ginger taste but I wanted to try hand cut noodles.  The other ingredients were great (poached egg, mushrooms and bok choy.  We also tried Chilaquiles which where great. The carnitas tacos were ok, but I'll order something else next time.
3	So I love me some Mr. Andres and was super excited to check out the new digs in Vegas, but I have to say I found CP almost *too* casual -- if that's possible. Don't get me wrong.. you definitely see (and taste!) the Jose Andres flair in the menu but CP just doesn't feel special enough to match the food.  It's a simple space w/almost a fast food feel to it... I half expected to go up to the counter to order.  Gladly, we did have waiter service and our waiter was pretty great -- answering all our questions and coming by to check on us quite often. The food prices also don't warrant the casualness.. I spent $70 on my half of the 'casual' meal which was well worth it in terms of the food, BUT for that price I'd like to enjoy my dinner in a space that makes me feel like it warrants that amount, know what I mean? As for the food, the duck tongue taco and the pork belly sandwich were the standouts. I thought everything was very good but the noodle dish was rather 'meh' and I also didn't quite see what the hoopla was about with the fish taco -- fell kinda flat for me w/not much flavor.  I'd also skip the desserts...very lackluster. All in all not sure I'd return.. save your $ for The Bazaar in LA where the true JA style shines through IMHO. ;-)
5	Well.... what can I say the tacos here are  AMAZING. If theres something I would die for in life it would probably be tacos.. lol jk.  What Im saying is these were to die for. why havent I been here before ?? I tried a couple different kinds of tacoscarnitasbarbacoaand...My absolute favorite- COCHINITA ... deliciousalso had the chips & salsa, salsa was really good. And lastly we had the Papas Fritas con mole y queso.I recommend China Poblano to anyone in Vegas. also try a Margarita Sal de Gusano... topped with Salt air. its great
3	I'm a Jose Andres groupie, when I started going to Jaleo in DC over 10 years ago. When I saw this was a not so expensive option for dining in LV last week, my friend and I walked right in. There was a 20 minute wait, but we were able to take a seat at the bar immediately. Had a salt air margarita which was FABULOUS. ordered a few different dishes: tacos - pancita & carnitas, noodles, something from the dim sum menu and chips with guacamole. The food was good. The ambiance was fun. The bill and the margarita were truly the highlights of the dinner. Check it out as an option for upscale fast food if you are at or near the Cosmopolitan.
3	Had to check it out because it seemed so interesting. Gorgeous restaurant with a really cool concept. Can't decide if you want Mexican or Chinese? Why not do both? I'm a fairly adventurous eater and my dinner companion can easily be fooled into trying anything if you tell her "it tastes just like chicken". We had an assortment of tacos (carnitas for her, beef tongue and pork belly for me) along with the shrimp dumplings (my friend had never tried any kind of dim sum so we figured, why not). Pretty good tacos, not sure what to think of the dumplings. The mango sticky rice was a little strange and not what you would expect but still kind of cool.While this would not be my first choice for Mexican food or Chinese, it is a cool place to go to in Cosmo with fairly decent prices or with a big group (lots of things to share).
5	The tacos are off the charts good and the salt air margarita is mighty tasty.  Winner in my book!And for all the reviews hating on the price, show me anything in vegas that is not overpiced.  Go to a downtown buffet if you want t o gorge yourself on cheap food.
2	I was one of the few people up bright and early after a night of partying and decided to trek the strip with one of the girls. We came upon this restaurant and got lured in by the window displaying noodles being made. I suppose this isn't so much an "Asian fusion" restaurant; it merely serves both Chinese and Mexican food "side-by-side" as it advertises, which doesn't seem that great, does it? I mean, one side is going to suck, right? And it's not that great. Granted, I only tried the Mexican food, but at 13 bucks for some shiu-mai, I'm not that much of a sucker. So my friend and I went for the tacos.  I got the barbacoa and was told the mushroom was highly recommended. At 4.50 a pop, I'm expecting some high quality stuff. But alas, all I got was some pretty ho-hum tacos on a nice looking frosty plate. My friend ordered the cochinta, and said she'd come back for that again We also ordered off the brunch menu. I forget the name, but it's akin to a glamorized version of nachos topped with fried egg. Extremely forgettable.  I will give them this though - service was AMAZING. These were some of the nicest fellows ever and really made us feel quite comfortable. Unfortunately, I don't think the food is up to par.
4	Stuck with the poblano menu this first time... Must go back to try the china stuff! Had three tacos, lengua and al pastor were my favorites and the guacamole rocks!
2	Horrible service, food isnt anything to brag about... def. The worst food ive had in vegas. had to wait forever to get a table yeah we were a big group but seriously we even made reservations! the waiter had us sit in assigned seats cause he couldnt remember what each person ordered so as more of our group showed up we had to stay where we were and ask our waiter where he wanted them to sit.. very rude.
3	Came here in December on a impromtu Vegas trip after the first night had a raging hangover so Chinese and Mexican sounded perfect.  I ordered a blood mary to start... ehhh it had soo much tabasco in it - it was kinda gross.  I ordered the queso fundido with chorizo and that's why i gave this place 3 stars, it was cheezy, gooey, salty and savory yumminess.  Also, ordered some tacos.. they are super tiny but have unique choices (carnitas (yum) and pork belly (ehh) I like crispy pork belly so it just tasted fatty.  I will try this place one more time to sample the Chinese part
2	Our group was stuffed from a big lunch so we just grabbed something quick while getting ready. Unfortunately, the food here is extremely overpriced (thanks to the Jose Andres name) and not very good. For a few tacos and noodle dish we paid over $80 and we were all left unsatisfied and hungry. I didn't even realize this was a Jose Andres restaurant until after I ate the tacos and was even more disappointed.
4	I was super excited to try this place over the weekend and was not disappointed!For those who say this place is overpriced, I say Vegas, in general, is overpriced.  I didn't come here looking for a cheap taco since I can get that at any food truck on any corner at home; I came here to experience a Jose Andres creation and I'm glad I did!The bf and I shared a few things:Barbacoa de Res taco - bbq beef with chili and cactus - YUM!Pancita al Pastor taco - slow cooked pork belly with pineapple - My Fave!!!Refried Bean taco - black beans with chipotle salsa and queso fresco (probably the BEST refried beans I have ever had - totally unexpected!)Queso Fundido with chorizo - served with tortillas and really good.  It's not as greasy as some of the queso i've had before (Tres Agaves), so that's a huge plus!Dan Dan Mian - wheat noodles with a spicy ground pork sauce - super good, a little sweet.It sounds like a lot, but the tacos are pretty small and we didn't eat all the queso, though it was so good, I feel like I could have.A highlight to the experience was Chef Andres, himself, in the restaurant.  I was tempted to ask for a picture with him, but refrained as he looked pretty busy with his staff.All in all a good experience - I will definitely be back!
4	Stopped in the Cosmopolitan and were looking for a different style restaurant to try and we came across China Poblano. We had looked into Jose Andres' other restaurant but it exceeded our budget a bit and we saw this place we thought it would be a fun place to try. Hostess was really nice and made us a reservation for later that night. We did have to wait a little bit for our table when it didn't look particularly crowded later on when we came back, but nothing to really complain over. Service: was good. nothing extremely noteworthy but I felt like they checked in on us frequently enought and the food was out in a reasonable amount of time. Our waiter sugessted some of his favorites and overall I think the service was nice. Cocktails: I had the Lemon Drop which is a "noodle" inspired cocktail that comes with chopsticks. I didn't love it and for $12 a pop I wanted to love it. After a few sips the noodles got to be annoying and it was a little too sweet for my taste and I like sweet. Food: we ordered some appetizers. Got the lamb potstickers Stuck on You. I liked them but I wish the lamb had a bit more flavor to it. Needed more seasoning of some sort. For my entree I got the Ocean Nest which is scallops/shrimp/king crab/lobster/pan-fried egg noodles/ seasonal vegetables. Heads are on the shrimp so if that freaks you out its good to know before hand. I really loved the broth of the dish and the whole thing all together, but it was really difficult to eat. By that I mean you can't look cute eating what looks like a birds nest of tightly wound noodles, especially with chopsticks. I like the setting of the restaurant. It's a nice space. I would come back again but maybe try the Mexican half of the menu.
4	Best carne asada tacos... Meat was sooooooo tender and flavorful. Will definitely come again!
3	China Poblano is an interesting mix of Chinese and Mexican. My coworker and I swung by for a late night snack after not being able to snag a dinner reservation. I had high hopes because this is a Jose Andres restaurant and I have been dying to try The Bazaar. These hopes somewhat fell flat. Our selections:Shrimp Mojo: shrimp/sweet black garlic/roasted poblano pepperSilencio Taco: duck tongue/fresh lycheeViva China:  soft beef tendon/Kumamoto oyster/scallions/Sichuan peppercorn sauceBarbacoa: Oaxacan-style barbeque beef/guajillo chile/pickled cactus paddleI appreciated the interesting mix of ingredients but the Silencio & Viva China really fell flat on the texture side. They were all just kind of mushy. The most flavorful was the Barbacoa. The pickled cactus added a nice balance to the otherwise strong barbacoa meat. The shrimp mojo had a lot of good flavor but perhaps it would have gone better with steak. The delicate texture of the shrimp was completely lost amongst the sauce. What really saved our meal was dessert: Tres Lychees: a new take on the Mexican classic. It comprised of the soaked cake, whipped cream, ice cream, fresh lychee & fresh flowers. It was an amazing mix of lychee textures and flavors. Everything tasted like lychee but played off of each other harmoniously. Each flower had a different flavor that also complimented the dish. Tres Lychees just made my night
3	The tacos are delicious! My favorite is the Carnitas - braised baby pig and spicy salsa verde w/ pork rinds!!! The Barbacoa de Res was pretty good too. The Langosta (lobster) taco's were OK. I don't think it was worth it for the price. The tacos are the size of Mexican street tacos so order a few to taste. The Beijing Glass noodles is a yummy cold noodle dish w/ veggies. I found it refreshing. The avocados on top were a good mix. I also had the Har Gau dumplings. The outside of the dumpling was good, dumplings must be freshly made, but I thought the inside could use a little more taste. Overall, this is a pretty good place for higher end China/Mex. It's tough to find a China Mex restaurant anyway.
3	I was always curious what kind of restaurant this was because of their cool looking art work in front. This restaurant is a fusion of Chinese and Mexican. My girlfriends and I decided to get some tacos to go. I ordered a carnita and a pollo a la parrilla taco. The tacos are really small but it came in these cute brown to go boxes. The carnita would definitely have to be my favorite out of the two. It comes with braised baby pork, pork rinds, and spicy  salsa verde cruda. YUM! Not sure if I want to come back here again since it gave me a stomach ache afterwards. :(
4	***3.5 STARS***Enjoyed it.  Menu could still use a little refining - but amidst the overpriced nature of the Strip - this place was exciting food at a reasonable price.A few thoughts:-love the decor inside.  funky and fun - highlighted by the chinese fertility dolls in the middle/center, which are also where people sit while waiting for a table.-cocktails were great.  had the salt drink, as described by others, and it was phenomenal.-excellent service.  Ali, our waiter, was attentive and just a very nice dude.And, food was a really unique mix of flavors.  Loved the tuna ceviche dish.  Also the eggplant was really different (in a good way), loved the consistency of it.If I was to give this place a few suggestions it would be: a little less red meat/pork on the menu; tacos, as described by others, were a little greasy; and while the eggplant itself was cooked very well, the sauce on it was a little too heavy.Lastly, GET THE CHIPS AND SALSA.  Some of the best I've ever had.
4	Writing this review to counter some of the low ratings, which surprised me after I had a positive experience with the restaurant.Yes, prices are higher, but what else would one expect for Las Vegas, let alone a Jose Andres restaurant?  Be prepared to drop at least $60 for 2 people, but it does provide some unique dishes and ambiance that makes it worth going.  Went there when the brunch menu was up.  A rundown of some of the items we got:Barbacoa Taco-- the beef was soft, tender, and flavorful.  Cactus added a good texture.  Great taco choice.Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich-- tiny and cute, but also very tasty.  Didn't know what to expect, but essentially a small circular pita-like bread and some braised pork put in the pocket.  Tender pork and fried bread=yum.  Carne Machaca-- probably the least impressive dish, the spicy sauce overpowered the whole dish and the beef cut into strips was chewy and dry, not very tasty.  I wouldn't recommend getting this...**Chilaquiles con Chorizo-- comes served in a small skillet, and DELICIOUS, hearty and filling.  Great balance of sauce, tortillas, chorizo, egg and CHEESE.  Seemingly simple, but the quality of ingredients makes a difference.  YUM.  If you go to brunch, I HIGHLY recommend getting this dish!!!  This dish made the trip worth it.**Tres Lychees-- was originally debating between this or the mango sticky rice for dessert.  Definitely made the RIGHT choice in going with this!!  The lychee cake was topped with fresh lychees, lychee sorbet, and a rum foam.  The rum foam was a bit much, but the lychee sorbet was fantastic.  Lychee sorbet + lychee cake = best dessert choice, indeed.**Best of the meal.  I would get these dishes over again.  Bam.Very filling and tasty, and we had a very attentive server (Christin) who wasn't annoyed that we kept adding to our order as we continued (instead of ordering at once). And the food came out in a timely manner.  Only mistake is that they gave us Chilaquiles when we hadn't ordered it, and they apologized and found the rightful customers.  But after seeing it, we decided to order it and was fantastic decision!   I'm grateful for the happy mistake.
2	High hopes all around here as east meets...um, south as I've never really come across a Mexa-Chinese restaurant, or Chin-exico as the decor, menu and ambience display so. Unfortunately, it wasn't the fusion (I know that word gets thrown around all over the place these days) I was expecting. Instead, it was Chinese AND Mexican. Instead of bouncing around the global menu like a worldly tapas joint, the dishes were a little imbalanced, non-sensical and downright combative as you would expect would happen if China decided one day to take on the southern area of North America. I found myself going back and forth trying to come up with some method to the madness and it just never really took. I was going to give it 1 star, but added another because the margaritas were tasty and it was within arm's length of the Aria Hotel and Casino, which could lend 3 more stars here as 5 is not enough to rate the timeliness and creativity of a brand new Vegas strip hotel...but that's for another rant. Keep yourself in the eastern or western hemisphere when making the decision to give it a go. It just couldn't muster up the flair that a place like this would need to hide the fact that the menu is just lazy, I said it.
2	I enjoyed the stylish atmosphere, however the food was okay.The music and decor created an upbeat, enjoyable atmosphere. Although seating is limited in the dining room, they do offer seats at the bar(s). They have two sets of bars. The menu is broken into two different sections: Chinese and Mexican. I chose two Chinese items. The lamb pot stickers were okay. The pot stickers presentation was nice. All four of the pot stickers were elegantly made together to appear like a pizza with four perforations that made separation from each other much easier. They had an odd smell and no real flavor. The pot stickers were simple there to eat. Would I order them again? No. The second item I ordered was the Ocean's Nest. It had a wonderful medley of vegetables and seafood nestled on top of the crispy, fried noodles. Although I expected soft noodles for the dish, the crispy noodles become soft as the lightly sauced dish saturated some of the noodles. I wasn't a big fan of the crispness of the noodles particularly when trying to cut the noodles so it was easier for me to eat. I thought the dish wasn't bad. I would have been happier with soft noodles, but the vegetables and seafood were tasty. Would I order the item again? Probably not.I did think the menu prices were quite reasonable for what I ordered. Overall, the atmosphere makes for nice conversation, but better food can be found elsewhere.
3	Some good - some not so good. Guacamole was very good. Tuna ceviche had some amazing flavors. Tacos (langosta and carnitas) were just okay, Dim sum was not very memorable.  Very friendly service. I'd say they do the Mexican much better than the Chinese.  I realize you are going to pay more for on-strip, in casino dining -- but wasn't that impressed for the price. Many other better restaurants.
3	Good food and decent vibe.  I would eat here again without hesitation.
5	I must preface this review by saying that it's given with knowledge that it's on-strip(pricey) and gourmet(small portions).  I just love the fact that I could get such a variety of food of my two favorite types, Mexican and Chinese. I love tacos and noodles so I for the second visit I stayed with the same noodles with a variety of seafood that I felt was just perfect for sharing.  The noodles were just right along with seafood that was far more than I expected in a shared dish.  As for the tacos I've tried the lengua, pescado frito, and carnitas.  While they were all delicious and I really love how the serving dish keeps them upright for great presentation the carnitas prompted myself and my friend to order a couple more, the sauce and the pork rind just adds the right flavor.  If you can expense a meal or up for a pricey tasting of a delicious variety with friends this is the place to eat.
2	I'm really surprised by all the positive reviews of this place. I had 3 tacos: barbacoa, carnitas, and a cochinita. We also ordered guacamole for the table. The tacos are literally street tacos. The ones you can finish in 2 bites. I didn't think any of the tacos had much flavor or kick to it. Being priced at $5.50/taco, this is absurd!The guacamole you can rave about, but it is $15 for a small order. Really? We needed two for our table.I don't even consider this place a fusion. It just serves both Mexican or  Chinese food on the menu.This is my first Jose Andres restaurant and probably my last.
3	I love China Poblano already because it is in the Cosmopolitan and that place just makes me feel cooler than I actually am, aaand Mexican and asian food in one spot! I took advantage of the double menu and ordered cochinita tacos and pot stickers. The tacos were delicious and the pot stickers were not my favorite. Call me crazy, but I prefer Ling Lings from Costco. The bill came, we gave the waitress our cards and then we sat there waiting to get them back for about 25 minutes. When I asked another server what happened to our cards, they said that they were having problems with their machine. Please relay that information to the customer before they have to track you down. Ten minutes later another server comes out with our cards. It was really annoying and really expensive. Hence the 3 stars.
2	When I first saw China Poblano, I thought it was just some gussied up Chinese joint at the Cosmopolitan.  When I looked a little closer, I realized it was some kind of combo Mexican-Chinese restaurant.  When I checked them out on my phone, I learned they were a Jose Andres creation.  When my friends suggested them for lunch, I was game.  When we were done, I was sorely unimpressed.Now, it's probably my fault for assuming, but looking at the place, I was under the impression that China Poblano offered a fusion of Chinese and Mexican food.  In reality, they mostly offer Chinese AND Mexican food.  As in, one and the other.  Not as in, a melding of two very different cuisines.  Disappointing enough already, but that also meant having to get two things in order to try both sides of the menu.  After asking the waiter for suggestions, I took his advice and ordered a couple of tacos to go with my noodle dish (he warned that the portions were "small-ish"):- Dan Dan Mian (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=1znpnNpUi4mUde6NTXRxEA) - underwhelming.  The noodles themselves were okay and I liked how the pork sauce was actually spicy, but the dish seemed salty.  Really, the only flavors I could really get out of it was spiciness and saltiness.  I didn't expect much and they still fell short.- Carnitas Taco (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=BqnTT9gfKS5Ol5gszHWr2A) - FAIL.  Unlike my noodle dish, I actually had hopes for this one.  Rather than crispy, grilled meat, I was greeted with a mound of shredded pork dripping with oil (check out the ends of the wrapper) and a topping of deep fried fat (think pork rinds but worse).  No bueno.- Pescado Frito (fried fish) Taco (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GJ_bXUPv672YwNg4TneJog?select=ilJU8hdfD1EXVL_EZKfFeA) - by default, it was the best thing I had.  On its own, it was only decent.  The fish and pickled onions worked, but I thought the flavor was too muted.  If it was a little stronger, I would have liked it more.Given the celebrity chef owner and China Poblano's location on the Strip, the meal wasn't cheap.  To charge $5.50 for that carnitas taco (and to a lesser extent, $6.50 for that pescado taco) is practically criminal though.  With just the $12 I spent on the tacos, I can find a better Chinese noodle dish and tacos, and still have change to tip.  Unless you're a big Jose Andres fan, you're better off going elsewhere (like Holstein's next door).
4	I had to edit my review because I gave a low rating the first time, but I have genuinely liked this place way more since I've come back a few times.I will keep this short and sweet, the portions may be a little small, but most dishes are eloquently designed and they make you savor each bite.I've had some things a little over done w too much oil (ie street taco). But there are also many dishes that are quite refreshing and made quite clean.
3	Food was good (both the Asian and Mexican dishes we had), but the small portions in conjunction with the high prices mean that I won't be going back.I also agree with those saying this is not considered Fusion really.  I was expecting something more like Chino Bandido (an asian/mexican fusion place in Arizona) or something like that.
2	We've should've known better.  Never settle for any place just because you are hungry.  OMG. This place serves half chinese and half mexican.  ONLY thing that was good at this place was the scallop dumplings. (They have ladies in the window making the fresh dumplings) Everything else, even the mexican food was *BARF*  Do not order the rice porridge (jook).  Its disgusting. Not only was the food horrible, but the prices were outrageously expensive!  Bad food and expensive. NO BUENO!!  This could've been one star but the service made up for it.
4	Baby pig taco with pork skin. Fantastic.Chinese is spicy and tasty.Small portion size but not too pricey
3	Pros:+Delicious 20 vegetable fried rice dish+Good serviceCons:-Overpriced food-Disappointed with the tacos and eggplant dish-Small portionsOverall:Overall, this place was over-hyped. I would not go back.
3	As a good friend to the Empire said, "the beautiful people didn't all disappear - they just all went into hiding at the Cosmopolitan".  Man, she couldn't have been more right.  Everywhere I looked it was style over substance, women trolling for a golden ticket, men trying way too hard to look pensive in staged photographs, popped collars for miles....and absolutely no sign of that furball that creates the one-thing entourage of my daughter's deadbeat boyfriend.  Let's face it, that beast has no sense of style.  Chewie's idea of suiting up is picking the birds that got trapped in his fur out of his natty ass backhair.Fortunately for me, black is always in, so I had no trouble getting into China Poblano - which, on its surface, presents the awesome combination of Mexican and Chinese food all in one place.  Why has nobody in the entire galaxy thought of this before?I will say this:  What we got was absolutely delicious.  I will also say this:  There really, REALLY should have been more of it.  Look, I get that part of being one of the "beautiful people" is only pretending to eat your food, so I'm sure for the regulars of that hotel, the 2 bite meals are more than sufficient.  Let's face it, though:  Nobody would ever claim that I needed to eat a damn sammich.  And if I'm going to pay 20 dollars for a damn 20 vegetable fried rice, it should be substantial enough to where I have more than 1 little bit of each kind of vegetable.  12 dollars for an object I could eat in one bite?  Jesus Christ, even the WATER was small.  No, seriously, tiny glasses, and they never even completely filled them on refills.  What the hell is it with this kind of philosophy?  Made me want to go out and Force Choke a kitten....or at least the beloved Marie Osmond.  But my quarrel was with this restaurant, not the Flamingo Hilton.Sorry, but you're claiming a combination of Mexican and Chinese cuisine, both of which historically consist of larger portion sizes.  So why try to integrate tapas style sizes with steakhouse-like prices?Maybe the owner should focus more on balancing the value of his cuisine instead of kowtowing to perpetually pouty-lipped 20-something gold miners looking for someone with enough mastery of The Force to use Jedi Mind tricks on the Jimmy Choo salespeople for free shoes.  My recommendation?  The recipe for the SUPERB 20 veg fried rice is readily available online...I almost never say this, but make it on your own spaceship and save yourself the expense.3 Deathstars.
5	Amazing food! Tacos are great, service is great prices are reasonable!
4	This dining experience was amazing! We came here for lunch and weren't really expecting much as we were just wandering around trying to find a place to eat within the Cosmo. We stumbled across this place which is a little hard to find and were pleasantly surprised. The ambiance was so unique. Sort of asian/hipster combination. There are bike wheels on the ceilings and pictures of monumental figures on the wall that change with time. There are two bar areas to sit and order food or drinks.There is an amazing place to wait if there is no room immediately for a table. It is really unique!!! The food was excellent and so diverse. I loved the chinese/mexican fusion. We ordered the langosta taco's, vegetable spring rolls, chips & salsa (seasoned so well), vegetable jaiozi dumplings (dim sum), my fiance had the chicken lettuce wraps, and we split the churros. The churros come with a chocolate milk sort of dip it's not solely chocolate. I wish they served it with just chocolate as traditional churros are typically serviced with. They were also a little too sugary. I also wish that they had more dipping sauces. They only have soy sauces. I don't like soy sauce so I was hoping they would have a lighter sauce or some type of orange sauce but they did not have it. They also do not have coffee. If they work out some of those issues, this is a 5 star restaurant :)All and all we will definitely dine here. We really enjoyed it for lunch although it can get quite busy. Make a reservation or pop in and sit in the cool waiting area. This is a great lunch option at the cosmo! For dinner I'm sure that it is probably a different scene and I'm not sure what that may be! We will definitely check it out next time.
3	My brother wanted to try this place out and rightfully so.  I mean how many places serve chinese and mexican food under one roof?  Notwithstanding the concept, the bright lights and artistic decor you felt like something was a bit off.  I expected to see a fusion of dishes on the menu, but instead it was more like two restaurants on one menu.  Although I feel like its a novel concept, the prices are high for what it normally costs.  Now granted maybe it costs more to maintain this kind of a restaurant, but the general knowledge of mexican and chinese food, is that it shouldn't be extremely expensive without some fancy hard to find, hard to spell, impossible to make dish that's tagged for $$$ dollars Ordered:Chips and Salsa $4 (The chips were good and the salsa was fire roasted)The Unruly Monk - hand-cut noodles/ wild wood ear mushrooms/ poached egg/spicy sauce $17.88  (Very good, although I've had this at a standard chinese restaurant at very good tastes for half the price.)Lengua  - beef tongue/salsa pasilla $4 (Fantastic melted in your mouth)Viva China - soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce $5.50 (One of the strangest things I've ever tasted, I'm still not sure if I liked it or not.  The consistency of the oyster just makes the whole thing a little off.)So in summary, this restaurant is an interesting idea, although I don't think its implemented quite right.  Pre established bargain cuisine, such as Chinese and Mexican, can certainly throw someone well versed in that universe into a frenzy with prices.  Although our waiter was great, the service just didn't justify the prices.If you don't plan to eat much, then it's $$, but if you plan to actually eat a meal, then make it $$$.  Would I go back?  Sorry, but my dollars will be going elsewhere
4	For the people giving this place 1 star solely because of the value. go back to Taco Bell and PF Changs.  That's probably more your speed.  Yes the portions are small, but it's designed like that.  NEWS FLASH, hand-made food and top quality costs more to make than pre-cooked, frozen, processed food.... that's why its more expensive.  Food is fantastic and the drinks are extremely creative.  Jose Andres is a genius and a pioneer.
1	Overpriced food .Rude server.Low quality food.I think they get away with the fact that people visiting Vegas are not repeat customers. So they act rude and don't really care.   Dont waste your money.The waiter actually ruined our night ... we were having a great time and he just acted rudely and at the end charged us 20% forced gratuity on top of that for his rude behavior.
3	Really really Good Food. But Way Too expensive
4	The tacos were really good and the waiter was quick and friendly. This place was exactly what we were looking for at lunch time. I suggest the carnitas taco since everyone in our group that tried it thought it was really good.
4	We went to this place as Jaleo was not open for lunch and looking at the menu it looked like we might like it. we had to get the server to explain a few items, but once we understood what we would like, ordering was easy and it was great to share. The Kao Lao Lao was a real find, it was steamed to perfection and wonderful. We also had the Unruly Monk and that was our favorite, but the Lemon Tree Shrimp was a real miss. I do understand what others say about the service; the service was just OK and it did appear that the server was not really happy to be there. Otherwise I think we will definitely be back.
3	Been here about four times now.  I am less impressed every time I go. It's not bad but it really is just mediocre Mexican mixed with mediocre Chinese.  Nothing is really that great for either cuisine. Will I eat there if my friends want to go?  Yea but I won't go out of my way to go.
4	Finally! I made it to China Poblano,  I had been wanting to go for so long.  Like most of the reviews say,  the food is Excellent,  but it adds up quickly with the small dishes.  If money were no object, I would go here once a week.  But at that price, its more of a special occasion.    the Cocktails were Fabulous,  and very tasty,  as were the pre-cocktails we had at Chandelier Bar.  My Favorite dish was the Traditional Shu Mai,  the "gold" flecks were a nice touch.  They were moist and yummy and flavorful.   The 10 ingredient soup was a very unique blend of flavors.  good,  but next time I'll try a noodle soup.  The Guacamole was super yummy,  it had cucumber which I'll have to add to my next batch.  My other favorites were the Carnitas Taco with green sauce and chicarones, mmmm and the Tuna Ceviche with sesame.  For the barbacoa taco,  i was expecting a traditional mexican slow roasted beef,  not something with bar-b-que sauce.  Although I love nopalitos (cactus) on anything. Next time I'll have to have the queso, and more.....Lunch anyone?
1	I can describe the service in one short word " horrible" our waiter was beyond rude. Honestly I am not even sure how in the world he is working there. The sad part is the manager saw the whole thing and didn't do anything about it. Food, I can't believe I had to pay for something that we didn't even eat. it was very bad. We were so sorry to waste a meal there where there are so many amazing restaurants in Las Vegas. BIG MISTAKE - Stay AWAY!
3	Ate here this past Sunday night. The best I can categorize it was strange.  The atmosphere is very casual - felt more like a cafeteria than a fine dining experience. Long tables with backless chairs, Mexican pottery and artwork on the walls. No bar to wait for your table so we went to another restaurant's bar while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive. The menu is not Chinese-Mexican fusion it's basically half Chinese and half Mexican and all small servings (like tapas). Our group of 4 started with guacamole which was the most expensive item on the menu. It was truly delicious and was served with homemade tortillas which brought me back to Mexico in one bite.  We ordered chips and salsa as well which were very good. On the Chinese side we went with Traditional sui mai, Lamb pot stickers, And 2 noodle dishes. Everything was good but not outrageous. Plus I'm accustomed to dipping sauces with Sui Mai and pot stickers that are usually seasoned with garlic, ginger and a touch spicy. The sauces here seemed just to be soy sauce. We finished off with a few more Mexican choices - Shrimp mojo, scallop ceviche and barbeque beef tacos. All were very good but again not amazing. Also the offerings at the bar are very limited unless you're drinking tequila which I wasn't because I had to start drinking at the bar next door so I started with Sky raspberry vodka which I couldn't get at China Poblano. Plain vodka only here. Also only Chinese or Mexican beer. I probably wouldn't return unless I happened to be in the Cosmopolitan and was really hungry.
3	This restaurant is like a metaphor for Vegas itself - stylish to the point of distraction, creative and wonderful conceptually, and absurdly overpriced. And like just about every other Vegas restaurant I've eaten in, the food just seems not quite as wonderful as it should be. As a case in point, my dinner a couple nights earlier at The Palm. I've eaten at the Palm  100 times in probably 10 cities and its always consistently excellent. At the one in Vegas, it was good. For whatever reason, presumably quality of ingredients in the desert, I'm yet to have a "holy shit thats good!" moment dining in Vegas - even at the very finest places.Anyway, back to China Poblano. The menu is really interesting and just about everything sounds great. You could probably eat there a half dozen times and be excited about trying new things. I had 3 dishes: - lamb potstickers, which were good. Beautifully and unusually presented under a fried disk of something which I frankly have no idea what it was. The edible marigolds on top added their own interesting flavor note.It was good - basically the Vegas thing where it sounds awesome, looks awesome, but just tastes good. - dan dan noodles. Also magnificently presented, with a very rich flavor of something different than the usual version. The hand cut noodles had a distinct and wonderful texture. And the taste was good. Just good.- a braised pork tenderloin special. This was a very complex dish with meltingly soft tenderloin with crispy on the outside chewy on the inside fried plantains that added the perfect sweetness to go with a complex mole type sauce and some diced fruit (not sure what) and some couscous. It was very good.Now back to eating here a half a dozen times - yes you could, but you better bring a big bankroll. I had 3 dishes (as they recommend) which was just about the right amount although I could have eaten more and a light eater probably would have leftovers. The bill - with one beer - was $60. While it wouldn't be the same innovative versions, an order of potstickers, dan dan noodles and roast pork - of similar portion size and similar quality (along with a beer) would be well under half that at a fine Chinese place. If the food was as wonderful as the concept and presentation, I'd be in love with this place even at the absurd prices. With 2 drinks (or some wine) and one more dish I'd be pushing $100 for a casual meal for one, but if its fabulous so be it. But they haven't hit that here - its just another one in the line of super-creative, insanely stylish but meh food restaurants that defines Vegas. I'd go back (and I have to say, I couldn't possibly think of a better hangover menu) but only because its Vegas (and I'd hope it was a comp, or someone else was buying!)
4	Funny name.  We thought it was a joke, until we figured out what the place was. Creative, tasty food.  Duck tongue tacos....lobster...a chinese fusion.  A lot of stuff on the menu that I'd like to try, but couldn't in  a short trip.Splendid flan for dessert...worth it right there.Jose Andres is a masterful chef.Love the place.  Not cheap, but you won't mind....not for the culinary anti-adventurous.
1	Just received a private message from a fake account with a racist undertone attached to my review at China Poblano.  Probably from someone who works there or is a manager...only a person like that would take the time to create a fake account, and send me a private message to insult me on my review.Good to know what kind of people work there.  Just reinforces and validates what I thought about this place.  Too bad I can't give this dump 0 stars.  Cosmo can do way better
2	My husband and I spent a lot of time at the Aria when we were in Vegas last.  For dinner before a show we ended up at China Poblano intrigued by the combination of two of our favorite foods.  After all, what could be better than a restaurant that serves both Chinese and Mexican food?  How amazing would it be to gorge myself on salsa and crab wontons?  I was a little disappointed in our magical adventure into Chinese/Mexican fusion, mostly because the Mexican far outshined the Chinese.  We enjoyed the fresh made chips, salsa, various tacos, and homemade margarita mix.  In my opinion, the number one item on the menu was the bean taco.  Whatever they did to the refried beans made them super smooth and full of flavor, I actually ended up ordering another after my first.  The Chinese portion of our meal fell very short.  Usually one of our favorite dishes, the Hot and Sour soup was so gelatinous that we barely even ate any and the pork buns lacked flavor and were not cooked well.  Overall it isn't a place I would visit if it were in my hometown and we definitely wont go back on our next trip to Vegas.
1	Very disappointing.Thought we'd get good meal but rather the food was small and overpriced. Chinese food has funny flavor and Mexican tacos ($5 each) are so small you'd have to get 5 of them to get proper meal. We also ordered fried rice ($19 per dish) which was full of oil from frying pan. We complained and the disk was replaced. Tiny Margarita for $17 - think twice before you enter or get you wallet ready.
5	A lot of people worship at the altar of Jose Andres. Not me. I'd eaten at Jaleo in DC before and was underwhelmed, so his much-heralded arrival in Vegas was greeted with a bit of a shrug from me.I had no interest in going to the western outpost of Jaleo (when there are so many better tapas options in town) but I was intrigued by the concept of China Poblano. And it did not disappoint.Joined by two friends, we ordered a sampling of dishes from both sides of the menu - but the thing that sticks in my mind the most is the cocktail I ordered, the "lemon drop soup." Vodka, citrus and noodles. Yes, noodles. In a drink. The "salt air" margarita was no less creative, and the "cold tea" of green tea, tequila and beer is just out there.The absolute best dish I ordered here was the guacamole - it's $15 for an order (served with warm, fresh corn tortillas) but OH EMM GEE it's good. Special trip good. Take out window late at night good. And they'll make it as spicy as you want - always a plus for me.Of all the dishes I've had, the only one I didn't love was the rainbow congee. Aside from that, pure unadulterated awesomesauce. The Mongolian beef is a New York strip. The sui mai dumplings contain gold leaf. The mole poblano tacos are morsels of joy. But mostly that guacamole.
3	I know it's Vegas, but really?!! Our waiter said that everything is served tapas style, so we ordered the ceviche, 2 Swallow a Clouds, and I think the Unruly Monk noodle soup. The ceviche was weird- it came with a few pieces of seafood on clams- pretty presentation, but nothing to eat! lol. The noodles bowls were ok, but $17 for a bowl? I'd rather pay a little more and go to a buffet!
5	The food was amazing.  We had the Lucky 8 Sui Mai, Langosta and Carnitas taco's. It was the best carnitas taco that I have ever had. The tortilla was lighter than I expected for homemade. The guacamole was made just like I like it. Everything was full of flavor. Just perfect. I can't wait to go back.
4	We had 14 people in our party and China Poblano was excellent for a large group. It was a Tuesday night and the restaurant was slammed, yet service was still very good.We ordered everything from beers to margaritas to tacos to pork buns to fried rice. I tried a bite of everything. The stand outs for me were:-Pollo con mole taco-Cochinita taco-Tuna cevicheOur waitress was very accomodating and helpful. The restaurant also allowed us to bring in our own dessert for the occasion. I know some reviewers have commented on how expensive they think China Poblano is for the food, but for us it was a great deal. Our bill totaled a little over $700 for 14 people, including alcohol and gratuity, which averaged around $50/person. Not bad at all considering it was a nice, fun meal with delicious food that lasted over 2 hours.It's not my favorite restaurant in the Cosmo nor is it my go-to spot for tacos but for a fun, casual place to eat on that property I think China Poblano is a very solid choice.
4	Really wonderful, adventurous casual dining on the strip.  While I am not a fan of the Cosmopolitan's brand of chrome and disco decorating, I was immediately taken with the bright colors and fusion of elements in the China Poblano Restaurant.  Immediately one becomes aware of two contrasting cuisines.  As you enter there are two bar areas where diners can watch various food preparations.  One side is devoted to Mexican food and the other to Chinese food.  This dichotomy is reflected in the menu as well which is divided up largely by types of dishes and the two cuisines.  A closer look shows a comingling of cuisines within though.  The 20 vegetable vegetable fried rice was so yummy.  As full of vegetables as its name suggests.  The Lamb pot stickers were served under a dome of incredibly thin and delicate pastry.  There was the hint of cumin lurking around the dish that was a beautiful almost haunting harmony with the delicious pot stickers.  One of my favorite dishes while I was in Vegas!We also enjoyed the guacamole and Golden Pigs (fried AND steamed pork dumplings that were served with a sweet condensed milk sauce, a wonderful balance between sweet and salty flavors).Finally a Jericalla which was described as an Oaxacan chocolate custard with  passion fruit and chocolate sorbet.  This was an amazingly light and lovely dish.  Beautifully layered as a parfait with solid chocolate in with the creamy elements and contrasting in texture.  Just an amazing combination of tangy fruitiness and deep chocolate flavor.  Really worthwhile.While this is slightly expensive for casual dining, the quality of ingredients, thoughtful food combinations, beautiful presentations and wonderful service made it a terrific choice for us.  I will brave the overstuffed glamor of the Cosmopolitan for a repeat visit.
3	We came to check this restaurant out for a capstone graduation.I was excited to try this place out it should give you the best of both worlds. Chinese, Mexican.. Makes me happy. We started with chips, salsa and guacamole.Hmmm... If you consider some of your specialty as well mexican than your guacamole should be TOPS!!Well it wasn't. I was pretty disappointed by the guac. I mean, The guac I make at my house is better than what I ate there. From there we also had the Sui Mai which was ok. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either well, let me correct that.. the scallop Sui Mai was GREAT.... the traditional shrimp/pork.. well not so much! We did try the twenty vegetable fried rice which was good. Probably the best thing on the table for me. I also had the fish taco which was good. Overall the food was good/ok for the price, I would expect better tasting food. I just wasn't overly impressed I guess..
2	Booooooooo! Thumbs Down!To be exact on my rating, it is a 1.5 stars. I reward 1 star for the decor (and because we have to) and another .5 stars for effort, and then rounded up to get a measly 2 stars.Our order was the Phoenix Chicken or something like that, Guacamole, and the 20 vegetable fried rice. All dishes were not up to par in terms of taste. The chicken and the fried rice were recommendations from our server.The fried rice was bland and it was maybe the equivalent of 3 bowls of rice at a chinese restaurant. This is not a lot of fried rice for about 20 dollars. The chicken was actually a cornish hen I believe. It tasted okay, but I would have preferred a chicken from el pollo loco, to be honest. That dish was also in the neighborhood of 20 dollars or more, and if you know how small cornish hens are, you might agree that 20 something dollars for that amount of hen is stupid. The guacamole was a whopping 15 dollars. This was honestly the only thing we ordered that I enjoyed, but it wasn't worth 15 dollars.The service was pretty good until our server asked if the fried rice she recommended was good, and I replied, "It's okay." She then asked, just okay? And I confirmed, " Just okay." Then she quickly got our bill without saying another word, or even a thank you or anything, just dropped the bill. When we paid, it was another silent transaction void of any actual speaking on her part.Water doesn't come with ice. The decor in the place was interesting, but I would never come here again.To sum it all up, the portions were small, the price tag was high, especially for substandard -tasting food. We came here because we wanted to give it a shot. My rating isn't solely based on portion size, because I would honestly prefer fried rice from Panda Express and El Pollo Loco if portion size was the same and prices were the same. Please don't waste your money at this restaurant.
4	This review is only for tacos.Hands Down Get the Carnitas Tacos and order 6 at a time you will not be disapointed.  Mole Tacos are good well seasoned.I would go back to try some noodles next time...
3	While I'd never discourage someone from making their own discoveries our food experience was borderline horrible. The cocktails (margaritas are topped with salted air which were refreshing and unique) and beers were spot on and the service polished and sharp. However the overpriced food was hit and miss. Sui mai should be avoided (weird spongy texture and off tasting) as well as the weird tasting Dan Dan Mian and the ugly Dancing Eggplant. Bright spots were the 20 Vegetable Fried Rice (awesome), Unruly Monk, Guacamole, Rou Jia Mo Sandwich and the Queso Fundido. Tacos are 2 bites and are $5.50 for one which I couldn't swallow the price tag so we skipped the tacos. Bill was $240+ tip for 3 people. We left buzzed and full but we'd have a hard time going back except for drinks and maybe a few of the bright spots mentioned above.If you want killer dumplings and regional Chinese food go to Chinatown. For Mexican food there are loads of more affordable and tastier options off strip.
4	A strange combination, but one that works. Personally, I would say the Chinese half of the menu outshines the Mexican portion, but both are filled with many good choices that are more than enough to fill you up.First off, the specialty cocktails here are great, and should not be avoided it you can help it.  The highlights from each of the menus would have to be: 'When Pigs Fly' (char siu bao) from the Chinese manu, and the Carnitas tacos from the Mexican menu.  The Beef Sui Mai is also good, but I would avoid the Traditional Sui Mai which is a bit bland.  The lamb potstickers, mongolian beef, and Dan Dan Mian are also great, along with tuna ceviche and queso fundido from the Mexican side of the menu.Like it's neighbor Holstein's, this place is definitely best for lunch, but you'll be perfectly happy having dinner here as well.China Poblano takes a very novel idea, and executes it well enough.  Is it the best Chinese or Mexican food you'll find on the strip? No, but its very good, and when combined into one restaurant, you have a very unique place to eat that doesn't disappoint.
4	I ate here again because I was staying in the Cosmo and wanted to get something quick.  So I sat at the bar and the service there was good.  I remembered that the tacos were ok so I ordered the carnitas and the fish tacos.  I would have to say that the carnitas taco was super good.  The pork rinds on top put it over the top.  Delicious.  The fish taco was less successful.  The pickled onions were too strongly flavored and completely overwhelmed the fish.  I also had the rou jia mo street sandwich - this is slow cooked pork belly (I think) on a crispy baked Chinese flatbread.  OMG - this was so good it's even beyond words.The carnitas taco and the rou jia mo were so good that I had to go back one more time just before leaving Vegas.  After my gambling losses, I needed a sure thing!
3	The tacos were awesome! My boyfriend and I shared 6 of them. Yes, sharing tacos is weird, but we wanted to try lots of different flavors. The shu Mai were ok, but not more impressive than a typical dim sum restaurant. The hot and sour soup was bad. We actually asked for chili, lime, vinegar, and salt to correct it. Our server was awesome. I would not go back, but then again I wasn't too impressed with staying at the Cosmopolitan in general.
2	Some girlfriends and I spent the weekend of 4/20 in Vegas...which was kinda amazing. But do you know what lacked amazingness? This place!My friend REALLY wanted to go here because she has some kind of "foodie crush" on the dude that opened the place. Or the head chef. Or someone important like that. We all assumed it was going to be a Mexican/Chinese fusion- but the two sides of the menu (and the dishes) are completely separate.While the atmosphere, and the idea, are both super fun, the place lacks execution. I was not a fan of my soup, and while my lemon shrimp were bomb in flavor, they didn't sit well later!With so many culinary gems in the city of sin, I suggest you indulge elsewhere!
3	Chinese and Mexican anyone? Can't go wrong!So why three stars you ask? 1 - It's Jose Andre.. the food was good but it wasn't anything to write home about... ( do people even use that expression anymore?) Personally, I  thought the Tequila was much better than the food. I ordered some tacos - but I couldn't pick up the Chinese in them...2. The ambiance is whack. The reason my girlfriends and I dined here was because it was right next to Marquee, which was where we intended on dancing off the calories we were going to mass - consume at Poblanos. The restaurant looks a bit cheap, like an upscale version of a Micki Dee's.... too much red and the layout of the restaurant was not appealing at all.
2	Bachelor party decided to eat here on the 2nd day we were in town since the Bachelor felt like noodles and we all flew in so we didn't have a car to drive around. It's pretty much a Chinese Mexican fusion restaurant. But the portions are very very small at Las Vegas prices. It's anywhere between $7-10 for 1-2 pieces of taco if you're lucky enough and all the portions are tapas style...meaning to fill up the average person, you'll need at least 3 dishes.Their waiting staff is fantastic when it comes to the explanation of how the restaurant works and the dishes as well as being very attentive. In addition, all the tortilla's are made fresh which can be seen in a daily basis. I'd rather eat at Holsteins, at  least I know I can get full off of a burger and  shake...but we go where the bachelor wants to go.
3	An odd combination, taco joint/chinese dim sum under one roof. I mainly ordered tacos. Lobster taco was amazing! Duck tongue taco was over powered with (soy sauce) that I couldn't really tell what it was. Lamb potsickers was different, in a very good way. Had one of the best bloody mary here. Service was terrible!!! Our waitress, Megan, did not know how to smile. She totally ignored from start to finish. The food was really tasty, but Megan's attitude was so horrible that I couldn't enjoy my food! I just wanted to quickly get out of there solely because of her. She cleaned my spot when I arrived, then took a million years to come back to take my order. Every time I needed to order more it was impossible to get her attention even though I was practically sitting right in front of her.
5	Great modern upgrade to the simple taco!  amazing dim sum with excellent servoce.
2	Cluttered and rushed atmosphere. Paid almost 100 dollars for small portions of which i didn't finish not because I wasn't hungry BTW. Ordered some weird cheese dish that tasted like burnt processed cheese. Some weird taco with gold flakes on it. Unflavored noodles of which you had to dip in a sauce and pork buns.Everything was dripping with grease or butter or some sort of oil. I actually lost weight by eating here. All you fancy folks can have your fancy meals and pay your fancy prices. Personally I'd rather be a glutton at 1/5th the price with similar tasting food and have leftovers to spare.
3	I was super excited to try China Poblano's innovative tacos because 1) I love Mexican food and 2) (don't get grossed out) I LOVE duck tongue.My mom used to make duck tongue allll the time when I was growing up, and I have no idea how to cook it, so I crave it all the time.The duck tongue and lychee taco was definitely a let down. For over $5, the tiny taco was TINY, and nothing special. The sweet lychee did not go well with the tongue... and the taco was soggy and disappointing ):Boo. Guess I have to find a better duck tongue taco somewhere else!!
3	Duck tongue tacos? Yup! Nice fusion approach, reasonably good food, and not "horribly expensive" by Vegas strip standards. Could do better with the concept, but i enjoyed the meal.
3	came here because Holstein's was too long of a wait.very expensive for what it was.  lunch for 3 was over $100.  $5 for a two bite taco isn't all that its cracked up to be.  tasty?  yes.  filling? no.  the dim sum was pretty good as well.  just a weird fusion approach, imo.service was great though.  the waiter knew everything about each dish.  would i eat here again?  probably not.  go to the place next door.
4	Very nice place tasty food....
3	This place is just ok.  I came here because a friend recommended it.  The food is super expensive for Dim Sum and Mexican food!  Seriously, who pays $16 for Dim Sum items (each)?  The lobster taco which was super small, but tasty cost $10/each.  Veggie fried Rice is $20.  Korean BBQ is $30.  I don't mind spending $$$$ for food, but not for dim sum or mexican.  I do not plan to visit this place when I go back.  There are way better places in Las Vegas.
1	I went with high expectations and was very disappointed. First off the concept is weird. Chinese and Mexican don't really go well together. We got a guacamole and vegetable fried rice for the table. The guac was good but the vegetable fried rice was just lame. The veggie fried rice at my local Chinese food restaurant is 10x better (and 10x less expensive!). I also got the fish tacos at $6.95 per taco which were very unspectacular and kind of soggy. All in all came out to $160 for 3 people (one guy was still hungry) without drinks. Would definitely not recommend.
1	OK, for a bowl of veggie rice, an order of chilled noodles,(1) taco, and an order of stuffed dumplings,a non refillable can of diet coke and , small cup of cantaloupe juice .I paid a whopping 91.50. The portions sizes were very upsetting,(infact I cried a little before leaving) the dumplings tasted similar to play-doh (don't judge me) play-doh being the Victor in the taste comparison. The taco was the size of a Japanese hornet small when compared to an average tacos. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.I will never be returning.maybe just to yell through the window "you suck!"I would rather eat Vegas desert  dirt.
1	so i was walking through the cosmo with a big group and we decided to stop for lunch at this place. it looked nice but nothing special. i ordered the lettuce wraps and lamb potstickers to share with someone. the portion size was EXTREMELY small. i could have ate it all by myself instead of sharing and still not been full! the food was okay. i probably wouldnt remember the meal at all except for the fact that it was so expensive and i walked away hungry! i payed $4 dollars for a small thing of chips and salsa (isnt that usually free?!) and for the two plates i ordered (potstickers and lettuce wraps), 1 non refillable cup of juice and a can of sprite and two SMALL tacos (2 or 3 bites) the bill came out to a wopping $78!!! i couldnt believe it! the ambiance of the  place was very cool but i would NEVER recommend this place to someone unless they have LOTS of money!
2	I had heard great things about China Poblano, so I thought I'd give it a try. Being a local, I love trying new restaurants and being able to give visitors recommendations for them! This one, however, will not be one I'll recommend.The food was good..nothing too special. The prices were OUTRAGEOUS for what you get. If I'm going to pay $10 per tiny taco, I'd rather not be sitting on a wooden bench...The one strong point of the meal was the salt air margarita. Delicious! (And it better be for $16)For the 4 people we had there, the bill came out to $240...and we ate everything! Not worth it. Save your money and go somewhere better like STK or Mastro's.
4	Terrific place. It would get 5 stars if it weren't for the incredible noise.  Very loud.  Food is delicious and service is impeccable.  It is basically a tapas Mexican/Chinese restaurant.  Price is fair, but not cheap.  You must absolutely try both sides of the menu (Mex and Chinese) as both offer a variety of different variations on some classics and new twists on the respective cuisine.  They also offer a variety of specials each night. Not for little kids for sure.
2	If the carnitas Tacos weren't dripping with fat, I would have at least not minded the mediocre service. You're in Vegas - way better options out there
1	Very small portions Very high pricesNot worth it!
4	I wish there were 4.5 stars because there is nothing that China Poblano did wrong at all to not deserve the full 5 stars.  However, I have a special place in my heart for Jaleo since I have now been to three of them.  This place was awesome.  The decor is super casual and friendly.  There are some cool displays throughout that attempt to define the fusion aspect of the restaurant.  In Chef Andres own word's "we must build bridges not walls with our differences".  There are a various array of choices from both Chinese and Mexican small plates.  The setas taco, the lengua taco, and the silencio taco arrived at our table in such a rapid succession I was instantly transported to a blissful world of flavorful bliss. The sea air margarita was so light and refreshing I had to marvel at its creation.  No doubt about the true genius behind the cuisine at any of Chef Andres's restaurants, but this one feels as though they are really trying go the extra mile. The staff was so down to Earth and friendly.  They know that their menu is unusual and are more than willing to work with you to figure out the best choices for your group. The manager even stopped by our table and asked us how everything was going and if we needed any help with anything.  This was not done in the lame, corporate makes me do this at least twice per hour, kind of way but in a way that really showed how dedicated this staff is in creating an excellent dining experience and memory.I have been a fan of Chef Andres for years, and will be for years to come.
5	We atually avoided this place for a while, because the concept of Chinese/Mexican fusion seemed so alien to us! However, we were passing by and happened to see a bunch of dim sum steamers through the window and that totally changed our minds! We are suckers for Dim Sum. The restaurant is a unique fusion of Chinese and Mexican cuisine and it does it right! The set up of the restaurant is unusual with bench "comunal table" type seating or bar style. The first thing we noticed was the very high prices, especially for Dim Sum!!! We come from LA and the OC, where Dim Sum is plentiful and cheap. The Dim Sum menu here is pretty small, and many things are $13 a plate! that seemed crazy, but we thought it might be worth trying just once. And it was- we were not disappointed!We ordered:-Golden Pigs (pork buns) which comes with in-house condensed milk for dipping. These are petite char sui bao that have been deep fried. It was very pricey but it comes with so much flavor and many layers of textures; from the crunchy outer layer to the soft insides to the sweet and salty porky center, all dipped in th sweet and creamy condensed milk sauce. It was a very fresh look at a classic dim sum dish.-Chicken Shumai. These were very small but very tasty and moist and full of flavor and topped with a goji berry. After two dim sum dishes we decided to share an entre from the Mexican side of the menu: Shrimp with a pepper sauce. These were very tender and a bit spicy but good altogether. The best part of it all, Dessert! Mango with Sweet Rice....The best we both have had anywhere!! It had a ton of flavor in every single bite. This restaurant is probably getting that 5th star just because of this amazing dessert. It is like nothing you have ever had, I promise. First, the rice is cooked in coconut milk and reduced to a near liquid, and is then whipped into a light and airy mousse like texture. At the center is a mound of icy, sweet, mango granitas and the whole thing is topped with cramalized rice crispies and chunks of mango.The service was also very personalized. The wait staff and even the bar tender chimed in with their favorites when it was obvious we couldn't make up our minds. I'm not going to lie. The portions, at least of what we had, are somewhat small, and the price is high, but I think the quality and ingenuity of the fusion menu make this an experience not to be missed.
3	Went here with my parents awhile back. They were very accommodating for our situation, as my brother is in a wheel chair so we needed some extra room.Don't get me wrong, 3 stars is good! It was great! I enjoyed all of the food, but the prices were high. It is expected though, I mean come on you're in vegas and when are you going to have chinese mexican fusion? All of the items were delicious and our palates were satisfied.I would recommend this place to someone as I want them to try the food out. Not sure if I'd come back again, but I'm glad I came!
3	Chinese / Mexican is a weird combination, but they appeared to make it work. The Chicken Ji Song was okay for Chinese food. The har gow was disgusting. When Pigs Fly? No. They don't. Just steamed bbq pork buns. Chinese takeout places here in SF sell better bbq pork buns than this place. Conchinita taco? Pretty good flavors. My pork wasn't shredded enough, but most people at the table said it was good. Arrachera con Salsa Molcajete? Damn good. Skirt steak was a little rare, but I understand that you can't cook this too much. Tuna Ceviche - DELICIOUS! I've never had better ceviche. Not in Miami or SF. This was the best I've had. Fried Rice was just okay.If I were to go again, here are the items I might order again:Tuna Ceviche - for sure!Chicken Ji Song - probably.Arrachera con Salsa Molcajete - maybe.I think I would try avoiding the Chinese food more and going more for the Mexican.
3	Overpriced semi-authentic fusion. Didn't really find this to be actual fusion as much as offerings from both cultures on the same menu laid out separately. TacosLengua - get this. Delicious, super-tender.Cochinita - overly salty, flavor was underwhelmingly one-dimensional, forgettable.Carnitas - great texture concept with pork rinds, but was dripping w/oil - hard to eat.ChineseDan Dan Mien - tasty even if not true to form - the hand-cut noodles are yum, spicy ground pork has a nice kick.Ocean Nest - essentially seafood liang mien huang (pan-fried Canto noodles). Nice seafood selection with lobster, scallops, king crab, shrimp. Was rather disappointed in presentation.Physical restaurant layout is a bit awkward - no bar area, major minus. Limited ambiance limited, didn't care much for the awkward 'fusion' decor.
4	Tacos were great. Not a fan of decor. Service was good. Would eat here every time I am in Vegas.
1	I went to China Poblano with my family at 10:00 pm on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly. Our waiter was terrible. He didn't explain the menu and was not helpful at all. Most of the plates can be shared, but we didn't know how to go about ordering. We all agreed that the experience could have been a lot better had we had a waiter who was helpful, happy to explain the menu, and had a personality. If I would have caught his name, I would have definitely called management.  The food was so so.  Definitely not worth the prices.
5	Food: 5 stars. I got the "Like Water for Chocolate" roasted quail and rose petals based off of one of my favorite books (Como Agua Para Chocolate). The guacamole was superb, and I am probably the pickiest avocado-eater on the planet. It was prepared mild (because some people couldn't handle the heat), and the chopped jalapenos and fire sauce were put on the side for me to mix in my own portion. Best guac ever. The tortillas were handmade, thick, and everything you'd want in a tortilla. I put spoonfuls of guacamole and the Queso Fundido with chorizo (which was also excellent) and made little tortilla wraps. YUM!Service: 5 stars. Our waitress was adorable, friendly, and very helpful. We took her advice on everything we ordered. She explained every new dish, its components, and the best way to eat it. Tea: 5 stars. Call me corny, but I like to try new things. We ordered Jasmine tea and wanted it mild, so we were given a heavy, metal, Asian-style teapot and a sand hourglass with three different times. We were to steep the tea for as long as the respective timer said. Three minutes for mild, four minutes for medium, and five minutes for strong tea.Dessert: 5 stars. We shared a serving of flan which came with candied pineapple and a Magnolia flower. I ate the flower, it was an edible adventure. The flan was like creme brulee without the hard brown sugar top. I have yet to find a flan that compares.Decor: 5 stars. Asian flowers, Lucha Libre masks, dragons on the walls, it all makes sense. Fusion, in every sense of the word.Overall: This is probably my new favorite restaurant. Everything I love about Asian cuisine, mixed with the familiarity, comfort and spice of gourmet Mexican. Orale.
1	I havent yelped in a while and my next yelp will behttp://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-sierra-universal-cityCafe Sierra for the Lobster BuffetThis place is pretty bad in which I have to share my experience to save others from trying it. Back to this review, it's finals week, Im procrastinating and I wonder to myself. LA Food and Prices spoils me. San Diego forces me into this misconception of what prices should be as everything is 1-3 more dollars expensive in San Diego than it is in L.A while quality is just the same if not worse. Now you're thinking 1-3 dollars isnt that much but when you add in another 1-2 dollars in tips. that's 5 dollars more per meal.As a starving college student on a low calorie diet ( trust me i'm down 60 lbs) I probably shouldn't be eating out so I shouldn't complain. But even the poorest college student has to have their starbucks every morning. Now on to the story, being that it's in Vegas, I was pretty much drunk the whole time, from Thursday night until Saturday, completely drunk ALL day. I ended up needing nail polish. oh lord. Being as how I was drunk the whole time I forgot to eat. Being hungry I looked around for food and saw a pizza place, I should have went there cause it was a lot better than China Poblano. But at the time I saw, "Oh wow Chinese food and Mexican food? this is interesting let's check this place out" The first thing you notice about the place is very fancy cause it Vegas, but your jaws gape and your eyes bulge when you see the prices. The prices here ranges a fancy restaurant but the food is no where near fancy. Now when I was in line it looked at the taco they had here were actually pretty fresh as I saw them make it from scratch, however, it seems like the Chinese food here comes from some back room in the back where you do not see how they attempt to make your food. Back to this review. I order Swallow A Cloud which already has the imagery of swallowing some strange white liquid as the liquid itself was actually brown, but I should have been weary when they give Chinese Won Ton the name of "Swallow A Cloud" I did absolutely no swallowing as I threw away most of the Won Ton that I ordered. But seriously, who came up with these names.Now you're trying to swallow misty white cloud, sounds sketch right? well you shouldn't even attempt because it was absolutely horrible. The description state that is "fresh"white noodle and wonton but it tasted no where near "fresh" as it was absolutely horrible. You get 3 small pieces of wonton, half a handful of crappy package noodles, and a unflavorful broth for 20 bucks. At the time I was thinking, 20 bucks, it CAN't be that bad. I should have went to wicked spoon or panda express. i have absolutely no idea how this place gets 3\5 starsI'd probably have more luck finding "chinese" food across the street at Panda Express. What a sad statement right?
4	Great sharing food!  Was really impressed.
3	After reading the reviews, I was worried I would not be full after eating here.  I mean, let's be honest, I eat at an alarming rate.  I was hoping Jose Andres wouldn't let me down.  I think we were fortunate price-wise and portion-wise; as we came away full and with a relatively inexpensive tab.  Maybe it's because I wanted to save my drinks for the great bartenders at Chandelier, or because we weren't that full to begin with.  Nonetheless, we spent less than what we were prepared to spend, which is always good.This place is not a Chinese/Mexican fusion.  It's primarily a menu with Chinese items and Mexican items.  The pozole soup was great and had an excellent spice.  The tacos were freshly prepared, I'd recommend the al pastor or the pork belly.  The Chinese menu was somewhat lacking, as if the items were forced on the menu without any great execution of the dishes to fit the theme.It was pretty rowdy inside, but maybe because I was sitting next to a bachelorette party. I get the feeling it's like that normally. All in all, it was a nice experience, but I think I will stick to ordering from the to-go window.
3	Yeah... I think this place tried a little to hard to be trendy in all aspects. I knew it once they sat us under a giant head-shaped projection screen (??).Food: super small portions that are good but not something I would remember/crave/die for. Ordered a bunch of different of sui mai & some lettuce wraps. I was expecting the food to be a little more than Cheesecake Factory or Elephant Bar, but that's basically what it was.Drinks: I got some sort of lemondrop with jelly "noodles" in it... interesting, but I had no idea how to approach it (I looked like an idiot digging in my drink with chopsticks). My friend ordered the salt air marg was pretty cool, once you got past the first sip which is basically a mouthful of foamy salt.Good effort but won't be back!
1	The service was very helpful here, want to make it clear. However, it is very difficult to please your guests when the kitchen behind you puts out disgusting food.Har Gau - best average for dim sum. EXTREMELY pricey for the quality and portion size.Chicken lettuce wraps - The chicken wasn't bad but the lettuce cup they were served in were extremely fibrous and tough to eat.Tuna Tartar - The amaranth seeds ruined this dish to the point where we had to take this back.Vegetable fried rice - Recommended by the server because it was on "Best things I ever ate". probably one of the worst things I ever ate. This was absolutely disgusting and this is coming from someone who loves vegetables. The veggies (turnips, radishes, greens, etc.) were near-raw  and the ratio of vegetable to rice was about 2:1. Biggest waste of $120 in my life.
4	Dropped by for a quick lunch, ravenously craving a bowl of noodles. Ordered the Unruly Monk (hand-cut noodles/wood ear mushrooms/poached egg/spicy sauce) .  It came so steaming hot that I'm surprised the server's hands weren't on fire. The handcut noodles had a good texture and accompanied by a really tasty broth and the tiniest serving of XO sauce.  Pretty good attempt at homemade XO.  It added the perfect touch to the already rich and comforting broth.   A bit pricey, at almost $18 for the bowl, but you're talking about and Andres restaurant on the Strip.  Those fearing asian fusion fare will be relieved to know the fusion is minimal. There is a Chinese side and a Mexican side, with some dishes borrowing from both cultures.  Again, an indulgence, but curious to go back and try the dim sum and tacos.  Didn't hurt that Jose was wandering around, in town for some celebrity asian chef-fest.   Wish it was a bit more casually priced, but still a tasty meal. Bring some amigos to share.
3	Ever had that awkward moment where you enter a restaurant alone and someone else just happens to enter alone at the same time, thereby causing the restaurant staff to assume you are a party of two? Yeah, me neither...until this visit.If this other party was male, it would have been relatively simple for me to just speak up and say: "I'm not with him." End of story. But this time, the person who entered right next to me was a woman and we took the only two empty seats - right next to each other - at the bar section. Admittedly, to the casual observer, it must have appeared we were together. A nice server came over and began reviewing the menus for us. She glanced back and forth between us and recommended a couple of plates for sharing. Usually not at a loss for words, I found myself struggling to think of what to say to let the server know we were not together without sounding insulting or dismissive to the other guest. Fortunately, she took care of this by saying with a smile "Oh, we're not together." Thank you whoever you were!Okay now onto the review...so I like this place well enough. It has a very diverse and unique menu blending Chinese and Mexican dishes. Service was smart, friendly, and prompt. Based on a few recommendations from my server, I tried three dishes: shrimp and black peppers, a chicken taco, and a beef tongue taco. Each was tasty, nothing spectacular, but good. Beef tongue taco was fine. If you've never had it, it's basically like a nice cut of roast. The portions are VERY small. I had three tacos and went to have lunch somewhere afterwards. Think " very light appetizers" and you'll get along just fine. So based on the mediocre food and very small portions, I'm going with three stars. But the service is superb and I love the atmosphere and location, right in the heart of the Cosmopolitan's busy second level.
3	$15 for guacamole.That's almost all I need to say. Yep, I think that's all I'm going to say.
4	A friend and I were looking around The Cosmo for a food court, and we thought we walked into one when entering China Poblano.Boy, were we wrong.We were immediately greeted by a very enthusiastic host who was knowledgeable of pretty much the whole menu.  He recommended things like ceviche, the house fried rice (which apparently is internationally recognized) and some various kinds of dim sum.To put it very plainly, China Poblano is a tapas bar and restaurant that specializes in both Chinese and Mexican finger food.The thing is everything here is a bit pricey.That being said, I elected to just get some chips, guac, and salsa.  I'm normally pretty picky with my guacamole, but I must say that it was probably the best green stuff I've ever had that I didn't make myself.  That says a lot.  The chips were fresh and the salsa added a nice spicy kick.My friend ordered a dim sum sampler that included two pieces each of whatever dumplings they had, which was also pretty good.Overall, while we were disappointed that we'd be spending a whole lot more than we would at the food court, we walked out of the eatery pleasantly surprised.  I'll definitely be back to try that fried rice the host was talking about.
2	Good:- The place is nicely decorated- The hostess was polite and had a big smileBad:- The waiter wasn't exactly friendly - not rude, but just not interested.- The food was below average. We ordered the the lamb and vegetable potstickers, they were both very uninteresting. We also tried some noodle dish which was ok, and hot and sour soup which I found too sour.- Their prices are very very high for the quality of food.
3	I have been wondering about this place for a while and have finally had the opportunity to stop by for lunch.The menu was nice and simple so it wasn't hard to make choices and things come out in small portions, so it's best to order several things at once if possible.First up were the shumai: traditional (shrimp and pork), scallop (pork, bamboo, mushroom), and beef. The traditional and the scallop were good but similar in taste. The traditional had some gold leaf on top and the scallop was topped with tobiko. The beef wasn't too appetizing for me. The flavor combination of whatever was in the beef didn't work for me. Next up were some tacos and the Chinese street sandwich. For the tacos we had fish barbacoa, carnitas and silencio. They were all just a little better than the tacos at a traditional taco stand. The duck tongue was a nice spicy treat that you don't usually see.Definitely something you have to try once.
3	Stumbled upon this restaurant while looking for something new on the strip. We succeeded!  First, the decor is pretty funky....a good fusion of Mexican and Asian crafts and art. I loved the "staircase" waiting area with cushions and the metallic art on the walls of lizards and ancient masks.  The food wasn't the best I've had but definitely hit the spot. Some dishes were top notch: Beijing glass noodles, twenty vegetable fried rice (little salty).  Others were good: Carnitas tacos and Lucky 8 Sui Mai. The "when pigs fly" steam buns were so-so, at least when compared to traditional dim sum.  I was not a big fan of the Dan Dan noodles which are one of my favorite dishes when traveling in China.  Service was excellent...at least our waitress...even though we got there right before the kitchen closed we never felt rushed.  Bottom line, don't come here expecting traditional Chinese dim sum, but you will get a good meal if you choose wisely from the menu.  Ask your server for suggestions...but beware of the "upsell". I would definitely go back!
2	I've passed by this place quite a few times, but finally decided to dine in today. The service was very attentive, but I felt like they didn't go beyond what they teach you in table-waiting 101. Our server asked if we were ready for drinks, entrees, then desserts and let us know her personal favorites for each course, but didn't actually describe any of them. I honestly didn't have any problems with the service though, it's the food/prices that leave me less than satisfied. Guacamole ($15): Although it was pretty pricey, it was probably my favorite dish of the night. There were a lot of large chunks of avocado, which is something I could never complain about and it was very fresh and flavorful. The only thing that I didn't like was that the waitress asked if we were done with it once the chips ran out, even though we still had about a third of it left. It was just kind of annoying that she was trying to take the plate away, rather than offering us more chips.Large pot of Jasmine Downy Pearls ($8.88) - Very aromatic and tasty. I would probably come here just for the tea.  Chips and salsa ($4): I hardly touched the salsa, but I ate all the nice and crisp chips with the guacamole. Definitely worth the four bucks.Pescado Frito ($6.50): Not very flavorful and not very "fried." If I'm going to pay $6.50 for ONE taco, I expect it to be pretty damn good. Dancing Eggplant ($9.88) - The waitress seemed a little reluctant when we ordered this. She made sure to warn us there were bonito flakes on it and the eggplant was boiled. I had the feeling she didn't like that at all. We thought it was just okay.Traditional Sui Mai ($13.88): I really loved the crisp water chestnuts they added in the Sui Mai. The edible gold flakes on each piece also gave it a unique presentation. Don't Be Jealous (Hot and Sour Soup) $8.88: This was the most disgusting Hot and Sour soup I have every had. It seriously ruined my palette. The whole bowl of soup just reeked and tasted like hot red wine. I have NEVER tasted Hot and Sour soup like that before. I couldn't take more than two bites of it without feeling sick because of the strong wine flavor it had. Don doesn't even like Hot and Sour soup, but he could still taste how much worse it was than others. Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich ($8.88): Way too salty and saucy. And for a whopping $8.88, this was definitely not worth it. Jericalla ($11) - Have you ever had Abuelita Hot Chocolate? It comes in a package like this: http://beautifulspitup.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/abuelita-mexican-hot-chocolate1.jpg containing tablets of compressed cocoa, sugar, and cinnamon: http://beautifulspitup.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/cut-abuelita.jpg. Well, the small amount of custard on the bottom of the cup was covered in what seemed to be ground up tablets of Abuelita Hot Chocolate: http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/V1zh1nc2VASkoNUsyJS5JA/l.jpg and no, that was not a good thing. I felt like ai was just munching on hot chocolate powder. I mean, the custard and sorbet alone were good, but I couldn't eat those without eating all the powder. Plain and simple, it sucked. Overall, I loved the presentation of all the dishes, however the flavors just didn't match. The Hot and Sour soup really killed it for me. The only thing I think was worth coming here for was probably the tea, but that's still not something I would drive over here for.Warning: If you look at your bank statement a day or two after coming here and the amount charged is a lot higher than what you actually paid, it's because they like to "pre-authorize" themselves for a 30% tip, but it goes down to whatever you actually paid them when the transaction clears. Why anyone would give this place a 30% tip is beyond me...
3	China Poblano is located in the posh Cosmopolitan Hotel.  With it's unique design and great location, it seems to attract many people.  There were plenty on the menu which consisted of Mexican and Chinese...a weird but doable combo.  We ordered quite a few items since everything was tapas style, but the only item we both really liked was When Pigs Fly....the bbq pork bun was tasty - the bun itself kind of tasted like the inside of a pretzel, which was very interesting.  Nothing else really stood out to us.  The service was a-ok....we were seated, greeted, and served.  She didn't have much of a personality until it was time for us to give us the check.  It was also pretty pricey....3 tacos, guacamole, and 2 other chinese dishes plus dessert was over $150, really?  Our overall experience is was meh.
3	We chose this restaurant for lunch randomly. When you walk in, you think it's chinese food, but then when we looked at the menu, it was more like mexican food. We ordered chips & salsa to start off. The salsa is good. Not amazing but it's good. They give you a huge wire bucket thing of chips and a spoonful of salsa in a mini bowl. We had to ask for more salsa 5890325783 times. Good service though. All employees were very friendly. We ending up deciding on just getting their small tacos. Husband ordered carnitas tacos 3 of them and loved them. They were pretty small and $5.50 each. Yikes.  I ordered 2 Viva China tacos which were beef, oysters, scallions. They were pretty good, but if you are picky about textures of food, these tacos were kind of "slimy".
2	A Chinese and Mexican combo restaurant... concept: interesting, execution: not so great.Definitely definitely overpriced. Seriously, 6 pieces of dim sum for $18? I don't care if it has gold flake on it! Las Vegas highway robbery...I ended up having two tacos, the pollo with mole and the pork. They were both tasty (and tiny) but I was left wishing for some citrus or some crunchy cabbage. Depending on the taco you order, ONE taco can range from $4-$10, FYI.Cute decor and seating though.Conveniently located right next to the entry for Marquee.
5	Loved the food. The dim sum was sumptious especially the lamb potstickers and the various sui mai. The dan dan noodles  and all the tacos are highly recommended as well as the mango coconut dessert with the puffed rice. I had to visit the place twice in three days as I couldn't get enough! Our server was Ali and he was knowledgable and guided us superbly.
4	We really wanted to go to the Wicked Spoon buffet but we were too late. So we wandered around the Cosmo, starving. My boyfriend spotted this place and I was reluctant because I wasn't sure how Mexican/Chinese food were going to go together. After a disappointing meal the night before (see my Spago review), this was a pleasant surprise! Our server was super friendly and very helpful. We started off with the Happy Buddha Vegetable Spring Rolls and continued with the Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice and Setas Tacos. Lastly, we ordered a noodle dish, which I don't recall the name of. It was DELICIOUS and spicy. Our tummys were certainly happy. The boyfriend also had a few of the Salt-Air Margaritas and I had a couple Mexican Mimosas (YUM). Very glad we ended up here.
5	The tacos are great!  had the tender juicy carnitas. And the barbacoca both very outstanding. And the made to order guacamole was perfect. Really good!
2	we came here for lunch in a large group and were utterly confused by the menu.  like everyone says, it's a restaurant w/ chinese and mexican food, not chinese-mexican fusion.  we started w/ pork buns, shuimai and veg dumplings, and they weren't really authentic.  i then got some cellophane noodle dish w/ 2 prawns in it.  it was pretty good, but at $18, it was kind of outrageous.  my friends who got tacos weren't even full, b/c they were so tiny, but they were like $6.50 each.  we ended up paying $40 a person for a very mediocre lunch.  definitely not worth it.
3	This is a tough review to write. I was just here three weeks ago, and I loved the concept and the edgy decor and sttting on benches with people that seemed to either have just come back from the Cosmo pool or were on their way to a club. But you pay big time for the coolness vibe. You may be wearing board shorts and sitting next to a couple wearing shades indoors, but you pay like you're in an expensive joint. When the waiter hands you that collectable little aluminum bottle of Diet Coke, you have just learned that refills aren't going to be free. Get ready for lIttle dinky mini-soft tacos and little everything, all tasty, but again, you end up paying. I think the Mexican side of the menu is better and more fun than the Chinese attempt at things. So if you can get past the prices and a bit of pretentiousness in how they present themselves, the food ends up being a good memory. See what I meant? This was a hard review to write.
1	So to start off, the staff and service here was good.The idea of this place seemed like a good idea but as my group looked over the menu, none of the food was what we were expecting.  I understand the concept of this place being that you all order small dishes to share within the group.  The waitress explained that normally you need about 2-3 dishes per person to fill you up. Keep in mind each of these small dishes are about 5-25 dollars.  With a large party, this place is not worth it for you.Our waiting asked if we would like to have some chips and salsa for the table. We said sure so they brought out two sets since we had 7 people. Then she goes, I can bring out some guacamole if you guys would like as well. We said, sure. So they brought out two bowlsI was really craving tacos but noticed it was 5.50-10.50 for one. I asked her how big the tacos were and she said 2-3 bites worth. Sorry, I don't care how good this taco was... It's not worth that price. I can get a better tasting taco in east la from a taco truck. Their "famous" fried rice didn't wow me either. Tasted like something I could get at any regular Chinese place. When we got out check with a grand total of 171 dollars we were pretty confused since we only order a taco each and some fried rice. We then noticed we were charged 12 dollars for chips and salsa and then 15 dollars for each bowl of guacamole. Pretty shocked at this point. Cool. Got home and looked at my bank account to find that 15 extra dollars was charged on my debit card from them. So overall, I'd never come to this place again.
2	On our recent trip to Vegas, my mother and I came here because of a rave review by some people we met on the trip. My mom wanted Chinese and I wanted Mexican, so the restaurant seemed perfect. The prices were shocking ($5 per taco? seriously?) so we ended up sharing the chips & salsa, Mongolian beef, and 20 vegetable fried rice. The food was delicious, but the prices are outrageous. It was $32 for the beef (which was basically a glorified salad). It was a delicious strip steak, but tiny, we were expecting more. The fried rice was delicious but not worth $20. Plus, the amount of food we were given did not satisfy us.When we arrived my mother was starving, and she left unsatisfied so we ended up having a second (tiny) dinner at Serendipity 3.Next time I want Mexican in Vegas, I'll go to Yolos in Planet Hollywood.
2	We decided to take a chance since we were staying nearby and the concept seemed cool. Whoops. Mistake. The dim sum was gross. The noodle soup was ok. the "Mexican" entrees were just plain weird. None of it tasted great. Service was good and attentive although the flow of food from the two separate kitchens was not well synchronized. Oh, and I concur with the other reviews, the bench seating is a bit uncomfortable, it may be trendy to have the seating that way but I'll take a good old chair with a back any day! Spent 100 bucks, left hungry and baffled.
2	As far as Chinese food goes, they're making an effort. There's the "kitchen" in front that you can watch through a window from outside as a few chefs who given their appearance are most likely direct Chinese imports, acquired to boost authenticity both visually and gustatorially. There is the real kitchen that you don't see though, and most likely all the food that isn't a steamed bun is created back there by who knows who.Fitting the Cosmopolitan Hotel, the digs are stylish and interesting and modern. Service is excellent and the menu has great variety, but prices are steep. I was surprised to see that they had rou jia mou on the menu, being somewhat obscure here in the United States to the average person, but I didn't order it. My friend did, and my initial reservation about the price to size assessment were correct. A typical rou jia mou is something like sauced pork in a flatbread sandwich about five inches in diameter (to simplify the explanation). This one was sized accurately and slipped into a protective waxed paper pocket to keep fingers clean. $8.88 is much too steep for such a "snack," even in the somewhat stylish surroundings. The meat in the rou jia mou had the same shortcomings that I've seen in other restaurants in the same dish and in beef rolls. The sauce is correct, but the meat is flavorless-if it is done properly, the sauce flavor permeates the meat instead of just covering it.I had the dan dan mian, the noodles being very good, but the sauce had no kick, no spice. That seemed to be a re-occuring theme throughout our table's dishes- weak flavor.I'm tempted to return simply because I hadn't explored the Mexican side of the menu, especially because that is one thing that this country does "right" more often, but my reservations continue to be about price. Perhaps if I'm in the casino again and flush with winnings, I'll return. Otherwise, there's much more culinary turf to explore in the city.
2	Really, very expensive. For real.When you spend $160 for a meal for two that consists of 8 small dishes and only two (duck tongue tacos and shu mai sampler) that really kill it, you've simply wasted your money.
4	Even I can't believe that I gave China Poblano 4 stars but I did.  Jose Andres' perverse juxtaposition of Mexican cuisine and Chinese cuisine works.  Who would have thought?Like many of Jose Andres' other restaurants, China Poblano serves small plates.  Thus it is possible to try many dishes in one sitting.  On my visit, I sampled, among other things, the steamed pork buns, the Queso Fundido, the Shrimp Mojo, the Tuna Ceviche, Cochinita Taco, the Barbacoa Taco, and the Lucky 8 Sui Mai Beef.  The Queso Fundido, the Shrimp Mojo, and the Cochinita Taco were superb dishes that stood out above the rest.  The Queso Fundido is wonderfully rich, as one would expect, and is accented well by the spicey chorizo.  The Shrimp Mojo had a nice harmony of flavors between the garlic and the roasted poblano peppers.  And, the Cochinita Taco is everything you would hope a slow cooked pork taco would be.  While the three fore mentioned dishes deserve specific attention none of the dishes I tried were bad.  By mixing and matching between two very diverse cuisines, China Poblano keeps things interesting and should have something that appeals to everyone's palate.
1	We had the pork and shrimp shui mai very fatty and oily Then had the steamed buns with bar b q pork .. No flavor, and gristly  ok now we try the shrimp mojo They had some flavor but you could pour off the oil into a cup , so gross.  The staff were very nice!  The prices are very high for the bad quality of food.  Do not waste your $.Jose  Andres has too many restaurants and is losing it!!   From Suzanne
3	Way too over priced for little portions, tasty stuff but honestly not worth it.
3	Located in The Cosmopolitan - I have to say what first caught my eye about this place was their viewing window where I could see them making pork buns, and also the fact it said there was take out. Pork buns + Take out = Win! (not quite what happened but probably would have gotten more stars had that been the case.) Chinese cuisine + Mexican Cuisine = China Poblano. I'd say this is a fusion of the two but on the menu literally its two separate cuisines you can order from, no mingling at least not that my eyes could see. Order consisted of: When Pigs Fly (4 pieces) - steamed pork buns $13.88Dan Dan Mian - wheat noodles with spicy pork sauce $12.00Lychee Sour - yummy drink $12.00 So our waitress warned us that portions were small and that we should most likely order multiple things hence my pork buns and noodle dish. The pork buns to me were correctly portioned, I split the order with a friend thankfully because she had ordered a single $10 Lobster Taco and $14 Tuna Ceviche. The waitress really wasn't lying on small portions I give her credit for her honesty. The food was overall pretty good. I loved the flavor of the meat in the pork buns but was a little turned off by the meat being lukewarm/cold. My noodle dish was the kind of spicy I enjoy but I had to "pace" myself with the small dish swimming in a large bowl (I didn't understand this presentation, the lets make our portions look even smaller with using larger serving bowls?). The lychee sour, was probably my favorite part of the whole meal. It was a different type of cocktail, tangy yet sweet, and oh how I love lychee.Overall a bit pricey for my taste given it wasn't anything overly special or wow factor. Perhaps I'd order the steamed pork buns again from the take out window given I could request the meat be a little more on the warm side.
2	Super Over priced. Tiny portion sizes. If you go.. go for the soup. Dont waste money on tacos. Although the guacamole taco is your best bet for the value. Food was average. I liked the idea.. it sure looked fancy inside.. the food just did not meet up to my expectations... :[
4	High-End food that comes with HIGH END pricingOn the menu: Scallops in sea-shell; Shrimp ceviche; tuna and avocado salsa; spicy shrimp; pork buns!Had to order alot to sample them and also fill my tummy
5	I've reviewed it before, and I returned a year later, only to review it again: This place is amazing. I love the Mexican dishes much more than the Chinese, but the service, food and margaritas are all first class. You MUST have the carnitas taco with verde sauce --I could eat these all day. The tortillas are homemade here. The salsas are perfect. The margaritas are fresh with no mixes or syrups. I love it so much I ate there twice this week. You will too.
3	Fun variety and tasty foodA little pricey... But it's Vegas ;)Will go again for sure
4	I love the food at China Poblano and have to visit every time I'm in Vegas. The 20 Vegetable Fried Rice is absurdly amazing and I have never tasted anything comparable. At $19.88, it's one of the better values on the menu...The guacamole is worth the $15 as it is a huge bowl and delicious. The sticky rice/mango/crispy dessert is awesome. We request the same waitress, Christine, every time and she is wonderful and will recommend good dishes for the table. The only reason that China Poblano doesn't get 5 stars from me is due to the prices - like everyone else on here says, it's overpriced. My boyfriend and I managed to spend $115 on dinner for two with no alcohol and the dessert was a gift from Christine. It's expensive but crazy good food. I crave that fried rice!
4	Staying at the Cosmo, so naturally we turned to hotel restaurants first to cure our hunger. We got take-out from China Poblano twice -  decent food with good customer service. What we got:Rainbow Congee. Amazing especially after a late night. Easy on the stomach and very flavorful thanks to the sausage (there are snowpeas and carrots in there too, so you've got your daily veggie instake). At $8.88, very cheap for five-star hotel restaurants and the serving size is quite large.Carnitas & fried fish tacos. Tasty but rather small. Us girls easily consumed 3 tacos each and guys can probably do 5 no problem. At $5-6.50 per, that's quite expensive for just tacos. Caesar salad. Taste like Caesar salad everywhere else, but $12 for a very small serving. Nothing spectacular, but everything we had was well prepared and the takeout server was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant isn't very large so this is a great place to get some take-out for in-room dining.
4	Great place.  There for lunch.  Energetic atmosphere, fantastic service, and wonderful food.  I will go back, but recommend stick with either Chinese or Mexican, not sure about both in one sitting.  Full flavors and good cocktails.  Chinese was the standout, but their guacamole was one of the best I've had.
1	I honestly don't even want to give this place ONE STAR. I was there this past weekend.. the girls and I are all STARVING after the pool party at Marquee and we wanted some food pronto. This was right there when we were walking out and we thought it was Chinese fast food. Yannoe? Something quick and yummy and hopefully, cheap. Boy were we wrong on ALL of that! I guess I should have been alarmed that this place serves BOTH Chinese AND Mexican food? Hmm... Anyways, we walked in, got seated, and checked out the menu. Everything was pretty expensive, but since we were already seated, we decided to just go with it. We ordered 3 hot and sour soups, 2 noodles, and 1 fried rice.. TRUST ME when I say this because I'm not exaggerating when I say that EVERYTHING TASTED DISGUSTING -- keep in mind that I have not eaten in 8 hours and cup noodles would have tasted heavenly.. But no, the food was completely nasty and they got a little vinegar happy on all our dishes. Not only were the food gross, but the portion was TINY. The waitress even said that you'd have to order 2-3 dishes per person to even be full. Really?After what seemed like days for our food to come out, we decided to cancel the fried rice. We wanted to pay, get the hella outta there, and find some REAL FOOD. Our bill came out to $90ish dollars. It was ridiculous how BAD this place is. Nasty food, tiny portions, overly priced.. need I say more?But yeah.. Keep in mind that this review is more for their Chinese menu, but I will not be back to find out how their Mexican food tastes like. Please save your money and go to the Panda Express down the street if you want Chinese. You'll be much happier AND you'll get more bang for your buck there than at this place.
1	DISCLAIMER: food is extra salty. 7 of us ate here, all concur that the food is very salty! im appaled!
2	okay, when i ordered their "famous" carnitas...i thought i would be getting at least MORE than one for $6! NOPE, i only got one small ass carnita! im telling you i was hungry as hell b/c my bf and i had drank quite a bit a from the other night so you guys already know im gonna need some food in my system and water.i was so shocked that it was only ONE carnita for that price..dont get me wrong..it was pretty damn good. but DAMN, seriously?  i ordered their hot and soup since our waitress did say their plates do run small and now i know why she meant by small ..she meant quantity. (hence the ONE carnita!) she did also say it is a sharing type of dining experience but how am i supposed to share with that one carnita and a med size bowl of hot and sour soup?!?!my bf ordered their mole carnita and yes it was small and there was only one. my guy can eat and i dont know why i was more dissapointed than he was lol. you guys can tell i was hungryyy and my fattyass side was showing. he also ordered their street pork sandwich which was $10...and it was a the size of a mini and i mean MINI pancake.....i even said..."are you serious??" service was good, a little too invasive and too pushy for me..probably it was b/c our waitress was training but it was little bit too much..always trying to talk to us when we were eating..trying to make us buy more small size entrees...i totally get what they are trying to do but girl i gotta eat in peace!!our bill was $30 for those 2 carnitas, 1 small ass sandwhich and a bowl of hot and sour soup. i personally wouldnt try this place again bc of the portions and prices but if youre looking for that asian/mexican fusion place...this is it for you. BUT if you are a fat ass like myself or need that good amt of food in your system..this isnt your place.
5	Five girls for dinner, weren't  sure what we were getting into...waiter was very helpful, recommending everything from drinks to ordering family style. We still can't decide on our favorites. Our top three are tuna ceviche, the Beijing Noodles and the pork belly shumai.
4	Chinese food and Mexican food in one - what more could you ask for?I'm honestly pretty shocked about the lack of positive reviews for China Poblano.  It's Vegas - everything is expensive and probably not big enough (insert double entendre here).  Stop your whining and realize it's tapas-style.  If you have 10 hungry bachelorette party girls like we were, order two of each type, eat family style, order a strong drink, and shut your trap.For Vegas shu mai, I thought it was pretty good.  We ordered two servings of the Lucky 8, which I recommend so you can get a taste of each type of shu mai they serve. All were tasty and topped with something interesting, like radish or goji berry. The har gau was ok; I have had better. The Don't Be Jealous hot and sour soup had a wonderful kick of spices. Drinks ordered included the Singapore Sling and the Lychee Sour, both of which were flavorful and interesting. I myself had vodka with fresh cantaloupe juice, which snuck up on you and hit you like an unruly child. Other dishes ordered at our table included a caesar salad (with way too much parmesan), When Pigs Fly, shrimp, and numerous tacos. As far as pork buns go, the When Pigs Fly was a little meh. I like the pork to be red and drier than this was.The coup de grace of my palate was the Viva China taco. This is definitely the best non-traditional taco I've ever had. A taco with beef tendon and oyster - the crispiness of the tendon punctuated with the creamy oyster was mind-blowing. Lots of good tastes, a few mediocre tastes. But definitely deserving of a higher rating than the uno estrellas some other folks are giving. I'd go back.  Viva China Poblano!
3	PRO: Asian-Mexican fusion combo is really cool. I like how you could order both cuisines at one place. When you go in the bathrooms, the "wall paper" is a combination of chinese and mexican currencies, which was really cool. Great ambiance. The food was good also. CON: I don't know why I expected this place to have bigger portions for the prices, but my single little lobster taco was $10. My mom and I came here because we were starving and we didn't want to pay $25-$30 to go to a buffet, but in the long run it would have been a savings compared to how much food we had to order to fill us up at Chino Poblano. Everything is served tapas style - little plates, so it is very pretty and nicely presented (just expensive). If you're watching your cash I'd say don't come here, but it's nice if someone else is footing the bill for you or if you don't have to worry about cost. Otherwise to feel satisfied with what you eat, you'll prob pay at least $50 pp.
1	Barf. stay away from Mexican Chinese should have been my first thought. It was like a freaking flashing sign:  CHINA POBLANO means "STAY AWAY, I'M DISGUSTING!" in Korean. no, really! But my girls n I were sooo hungry we took a shot. Veggie Fried RIce, some kind of dumpling and both were barf. I'm sorry it tasted like someone pre-chewed Mexican food and placed it back into our fried rice bowl and as the dumpling filler. Granted, we were ALL sick that night, and not from all the free Vegas drinks.
1	Do not eat here! The concept of Mexican/Chinese food might some interesting to some. Trust me it's not! We were at the Cosmopolitan hotel to visit their Buffet. But it was closing in 30 minutes, so we decided to try one of the restaurants in the hotel. The menu sounded interesting to the ladies' in our group so we decided to give it a try. BIG MISTAKE!The servers was fast and attentive. But in my opinion service is only secondary to the food. Everything at this restaurant is overpriced and bland at best. Chips = $4, small bowl of Guacamole = $15! And that was their best meal!The Vegetable Jiaozi  Dim Sum is bland, the Setas, &  Barbacoa de Res tacos are crappy. Hell, the tacos al carbon at Del Taco taste ten times better at 1/3 of the price.There might be great Mexican/Chinese Combo or fusion restaurants, but I don't know about them. Bottom line, I would rather go to bed hungry than to eat at China Poblano again.
4	Mexican-Chinese fusion, really?! - that was definitely my first thought when entering Jose Andres' Vegas restaurant. I mean how could beans and rice mesh well with Peking Duck? The answer is that it can go quite well together.Two dishes were particularly amazing. Beijing Glass: a chinese noodle dish accompanied by Mexican vegetables such as jicama and avocado. The sauce soaked into the glass noodles making the whole dish an amazing melange of flavors! Plus, the portion was large and easy to share among several friends.Silencio: a sweet barbecue taco composed of duck tongues. Andres has always been one to test his diner's culinary limits (just check out my entry for his DC restaurant) and at first eating a bunch of little tongues can be unnerving. But after a few bites, you will not be able to put down this dose of deliciousness.Other dishes were less memorable; however, they were all good. My biggest complaint were the prices. With the exception of Beijing Glass, portions were a little small for sharing. You had to order more which raised the price a bit high!
1	Great concept, but it was poorly executed. I was really unimpressed, especially since The Cosmopolitan houses so many amazing restaurants.I had dinner here with a party of 8. With the prices they had, I thought I'd be in for some amazing fusion cuisine...Queso Fundido - $10 literally just melted, buttery cheese. I can't believe we paid 10 bucks for this!Papas Fritas w/ Mole - $7 Was interesting at first, but then no one wanted to finish it.Setas (Wild Mushroom Guacamole Tacos) - $4.50/taco I got two. I didn't even want to finish my 2nd one, so I gave it to my boyfriend.Cochinita (Yucatan-style BBQ Pork Tacos) - $5.50/taco My friends said it was okay. Nothing special.We didn't feel satisfied after our meal.Small portions. Super overpriced. Lousy flavors. AVOID!
4	What a fun place...Mexican and Chinese on one menu. And, it's Jose Andres so you know it's good. We tried five items:-Tuna ceviche- fabulous! Fresh and delicious which a hint of crunch. -Traditional Shu Mei- light and flavorful. We loved these. -When Pigs Fly- we love pork buns and these didn't disappoint. It's a pretty heavy dish though.-Carnitas tacos- nice flavor on the pork. Really good.-Barbecoa tacos- good, but we liked the carnitas better.If you want to enjoy a leisurely meal, I'd recommend ordering one dish at a time. Our server said he'd bring them out slowly for us (we ordered all at once) and we were out of there in about an hour which is not a leisurely meal in my opinion. Also, many reviewers commented on small portions and high prices. I disagree on both comments. The portions were bigger than tapas and the prices were really fair (for Vegas). I'd definitely go back!
3	Nothing special.  The prices are slightly higher than average but nothing exorbitant...I had the lobster taco which was definitely not worth the price.  At least the flavor didn't match the cost.  I also ordered the chicken taco which was drowned in bbq sauce.  The bbq sauce tasted very good.  If you don't mind sauce dominating the food, then the chicken taco will satisfy you. I doubt I will choose to eat here with other options at Cosmo to choose from....
1	You know how when you go to a gas station and pay using a credit/debit card before pumping gas? And you know how the gas station "pre-charges" you for a certain amount to guarantee you can actually pay for those 21 gallons of gas your gas-hog vehicle guzzles up? You know how those "pre-charges" are immediately returned to your account once you complete your gas purchase? Well, China Poblano treats its customers' like gas pumpers at the good ol' Gas 'n' Goods.Hold on. Let me back up and write a review for the actual dining experience before I get into the real reason for my 1-star review.My actual dining rating is probably closer to a 3-star in terms of food taste and ambiance. I had eaten at China Poblano before, while on a date. The food was good and the drinks were well made. I didn't care at the time what the prices were because my date insisted I get whatever I wanted. So the overpriced menu wasn't an issue until my return visit with friends. During my return visit I chose items a little more conservatively. Only one cocktail, some guacamole and some duck something-or-other. My total bill including the automatic tip of 20% (for parties of 6+) was only $39. Not bad at all really, even though I realized I should have just ordered twice as much guacamole and skipped the duck-whatever. I LOVE duck and always order it when it makes it onto a menu. This wasn't watery-mouth duck. It was over-cooked, barely-recognizable duck. The food isn't so amazing that I would suggest it for large groups in which only one person pays. It is more of a cute place for a date or a place for a group of friends who are paying separately. It isn't even really a fusion restaurant, per se, so if you are craving Mexican or Chinese you should probably just go to the restaurant you crave.A fusion restaurant usually makes it a point to FUSE two types of cuisine into one dish. This restaurant merely offers items from two different cuisines in separate sections.Anyway, the restaurant is cute. The decor is different. The only chairs that have backs to them are the booths. The servers are lazy. Oh wait, what's that? Lazy servers at an overrated restaurant that serves undersized and overpriced food? No way!Now for a better explanation of why this restaurant went from a 4-star on my first visit to a 1-star on my second/third visit:After my friends and I ate our meal and paid for the meals individually with our debit/credit cards, we spent the rest of the night enjoying some Mario Kart in the room and some hot-tub lounging because well, we were staying in Vegas a full week and this was already night #5. It seemed like a great night all around.Then when we woke in the morning, one of my friends decided to check his account charges on his phone app. He panicked when he saw that China Poblano had charged an extra 30%. He too had paid $39 including tip and suddenly had a $51.70 charge. Granted, that wasn't an insane amount of money. Only $11.70. However, when you consider that the total bill for the table was over $200, that 30% upcharge now looks more like a hefty $60+ charge spread out over all of our accounts. We all checked our accounts and since we have all been servers in restaurants before and realize that sometimes shady/desperate servers like to add-on a little extra tip and hope that no one notices, we stormed over to China Poblano determined to fix the issue and get our money back into our accounts. We at least wanted a genuine apology.When we arrived at the restaurant and asked to speak to a manager about the extra charge, the hostess stated "Oh, yeah we get this all the time." Ummmmm, what? You get this complaint all the time?Well, the manager explained to us that the [cheap ass] credit card processing company they use temporarily charges an extra 20-30% for transactions to guarantee that the funds are available. JUST LIKE A GAS STATION. The only difference is, at a gas station you are pre-paying for something in which the final price is unbeknownst to you until you are done pumping. At a restaurant (especially when the tip is included in the bill) you know exactly how much you are paying right then and there when you sign the receipt. The server then enters it into the computer and there is no more need for any extra charges. We tried to explain to her that this is the ONLY restaurant that we have ever encountered that has such ridiculous practices. Not only do they give their customers a small panic attack when they check their account balances (imagine if you were someone who went to a special dinner and reluctantly threw down $500 for a nice dinner out with your family and when you look at your account there is a charge for $650 instead) BUT ON TOP OF THAT they don't seem to think it is a big deal or let customers know of this extra temporary charge ahead of time. On top of all that, the manager was very condescending, smug and without an apologetic bone in her body.
3	Really unique combo, Mexican food and Chinese food, served together. The decor is very weird but fitting. We tried out about 12 different menu items and they were all pretty good, maybe not quite worth the decent price tag, but good nonetheless. The waitstaff was very attentive and overall service was very good.
1	should get more stars for the taste alone but the price and the portion size kills it for me. dozen of us walked in for dinner and none of us left satisfied.
4	We came for a Saturday lunch, and it was only 2/3 full. The menu is pretty big including chinese and mexican dishes. Maybe that is why some of them are outstanding while some of them are not good. The duck tongue taco is to die for. The favor, the texture, and the garnish went soooo well together. I can come back only for this!!the quail egg Sui Mai was very refined and you can really taste a true meaning of Asian Fusion.The wonton noodle soup is just a very ordinary but overpriced noodle soup. Not recommended. viva China taco was the worse of the meal. The beef tendon was so sticky and the oyster was not fresh. the infamous 20-veg fired rice was not bad but not as special as i expected.great place to visit once because it is very special.
4	Delicious, funky, creative, slightly overpriced. Nice ambiance, friendly service. Worth the experience. Try a margarita. Also enjoyed some yummy small bites.
3	If not for the out-of-this-world carnitas tacos (yay for pork rinds!) I think I would have given this place only 2 stars.  It advertises itself as "chinese/mexican fusion", but the menu is really just split up into various mexican dishes and chinese dishes (mostly of the dim sum variety). As an overall note, I think that the Mexican dishes were much tastier than the chinese items, so if you are wrestling b/w the two, I would go with Mexican. Here's what we tried:TACOSCarnitas - yum yum yum.  Definitely order this if you order nothing else.  And get two, so that you won't have to share. A+Viva china - this is a kumamoto oyster/beef tendon/sichuan peppercorn sauce taco.  The combo of the tendon and oyster was underwhelming, and if you really love that peppercorn taste, you're not going to find much of it here. C-Barbacoa - we ordered this because it came with "cactus paddle".  Still have no idea what cactus paddle is, but it's an awesome name!  The beef was alright, though a bit salty, and the cactus unfortunately didn't really taste like anything at all. C-fried fish taco - the fish was fried nicely, and I liked the pickled onions that came with it, but it was close to 7 bucks for two tiny tacos and pinky sized pieces of fish, so probably wouldn't order it again.  B-CHINESEFire Phoenix - This was pretty much a variation of popcorn chicken, with pork rinds on the side.The sichuan peppercorn salt was really good, and fried chicken never tastes bad when it's fres, but there really wasn't anything that special about this dish.  CMEXICANTuna ceviche - Comes on a bed of ice and looks delectable.  Tastes pretty a-ok too. I think they put soy sauce in here, which gives it a nice depth of flavor.  A-Coctel de camarones - This was pretty much like a cold cocktail of shrimp, crab, and avocado, mixed with what is essentially a cocktail sauce.  I love lump crab meat and I love shrimp, but I didn't come here to eat those things with cocktail sauce.  I can get that for 3.99 anywhere else.  CShrimp mojo - This actually did taste like a fusion dish, though it was a bit heavily sauced.  The shrimp are nice and garlic-y, with a hint of spice from the poblano peppers.  Good, but could have used a side of rice or something.  B-In a nutshell:  I'd recommend just stopping in and sitting at the counter and ordering some tacos (especially the carnitas ones), and then going somewhere else for dinner.  As a disclaimer, we didn't order the famous "twenty ingredient fried rice" that was featured on food network, but I'm taiwanese, and I just don't feel right paying 20 bucks for fried rice.
4	The service was friendly and attentive on a busy night during a convention.I was in town for work, so I just grabbed a seat at the bar. The server was helpful in working my way through the menu. I had a taco night and a noodle dish. Both were pretty tasty. The best tip from the server was to get sides of the homemade chili oil and habanero salsa. I think those made the meal for me.I am just not too crazy about this trend at upscale Mexican places where they charged you a few bucks for chips and salsa. Oh well.
1	Loud and uncomfortable.
1	Disgusting! This place serves over seasoned food that you get way overcharged for. Don't come here!
5	Usually I read lots of reviews before eating anywhere, but seeing as we were on vacation, my wife and I took a risk and went into China Poblano blind.  Good thing, because had I trusted Yelp's 3-star review, I might have missed out on a memorable meal.Trendy and quirky beyond belief, this restaurant exudes cool (or hipster, depending on your view, but I took it as cool).  It has booths and community tables, and the dishes are all small plates from Mexican and Chinese cuisine... not much fusion, but it's nice to mix and match.  My wife and I shared chips and salsa, with hot, fresh chips and a smoky chipotle salsa with just the right amount of kick.  I got a carnitas taco, which was succulent and had homemade pork rinds on top.  My wife liked her barbacoa taco as well.For our "main courses" (although remember, it's small plates, so that doesn't really apply), I had the lemon tree shrimp, which was unbelievably good.  The shrimp tasted fresh, and the sauce was redolent with black pepper and celery, and the occasional chunk of citrus fruit.  My wife had the Beijing glass, a noodle dish that was not to my taste, but it looked beautiful, with all the components (noodles and tons of different Asian veggies) sectioned out in the bowl, waiting to be mixed.  She loved it.Some people are complaining about the size of the dishes.  Well, it's small plates, and you're supposed to order 2-3 items.  The wait staff tells you that.  Our waitress even asked us during lunch if we were satisfied with the amount of food we had ordered -- and we were.  Far too many restaurants go for quantity over quality, but China Poblano serves properly sized meals.  Two or three dishes really should be enough to fill up one person.  If not, I dunno, go to one of the millions of buffets on the Strip instead.  If I'm going to spend $30 on a meal, I'd honestly rather have high-quality food than "all-you-can-eat."
4	Really delicious "20 vegetable fried rice".  It's super fun to watch them make dumplings and fresh tortillas.  I'm surprised this place doesn't have more stars.  I thought it was a winner!
4	We went into this restaurant because we were only a little hungry.  I'm so glad we did!  We had the "When Pigs Fly" delicate steamed buns/Chinese barbeque pork and "Lamb Pot Stickers Stuck on You" sweet onions/crispy lace pot stickers.  They were wonderful and really hit the spot.
4	Fantastic food... a bit pricey... but it's worth every penny!  Adore the decor!  The stuff - AMAZING!  The drinks - be careful - they're powerful!  My favorite is the Duck Tongue w/ Lychee Tacos and Fried Pork Bun with condensed milk dipping sauce = heaven!
2	I am giving a 2 star rating only because for the price I could've eaten much better.  The 20 vegetable fried rice was delicious but other than than the $6 2 bite tacos were average.  The $16 dumplings (4 of them) were average and everything else was just ok.  For 4 adults and 2 kids we spent $198 and left hungry.  Our server was great and that is the only reason I didn't leave or complain.  Don't waste your time here unless you are looking to drop a couple hundred and leave hungry...
4	***Jose Andres' China Poblano in the Cosmopolitan Hotel scores a mediocre score of 3 stars on Yelp, but I found all of the food (I had two of their savory courses and 1 dessert) to be good to very good***China Poblano features a mix of contemporary Mexican and Chinese dishes.  Some dishes are gussied up with contemporary cooking techniques or high end ingredients while other dishes veer more on the fusion side.  I started with one of their tacos--a carnitas one topped with guacamole, fresh lime and chicarrones.  I thought the fillings were great.  The carnitas was moist and tender.  It was also nicely seasoned.  It had a good flavor and wasn't too salty (which happens a lot with carnitas).  The guacamole was cool and refreshing and it was a great contrast to the warm and savory carnitas.The chicarrones were crispy and light.  The soft corn tortilla was fine, but it wasn't a good vessel for the meat juices.  The only problem with the taco was that it was too wet.I also has the twenty vegetable fried rice and it was very good.  The rice had a nice soy flavor, but it was not too salty.  The vegetables provided great contrasts in textures, but with that many vegetables, which were cut up into small pieces as well as paired with a flavorful rice, the individual flavors of the vegetables were (as expected) kind of lost.Still, there were a lot of vegetables including fresh greens, crispy sweet potato, haricot verts, squash, turnips, carrots, asparagus, Brussels sprouts, and watermelon radish.  There were also proteins like soft tofu and scambled egg.For dessert, I opted for their flan and it was very good.  The flan was incredibly smooth, creamy and light like a panna cotta.  It was topped with a great cajeta gelee (rich caramel flavor).  There was also cajeta ice cream (incredibly dense and a great rich caramel flavor).  The plate was garnished with good pineapple, which was not too tart.Service by the bartender Victor was excellent; he was incredibly personal and helpful with the menu.  You could tell he really wanted all of his customers to have the best experience possible.Prices are not too bad considering that it was Vegas.  The fried rice dish was under $20 and it was a very generous portion.  Some portion sizes seem small in a few dishes when considering the prices (like the tacos), but it is still a better value than the many overpriced Vegas restaurants serving just so-so food.In terms of the decor at China Poblano, the bar gives you a view of the chefs making the dim sum.  There is a main dining room, but I wasn't a fan of the tables (they kind of looked like what you would find at a gourmet order-at-the-counter spot).  Overall, the decor was forgettable and not that great.I thought the food at China Poblano was good.  The food was pricey, but Vegas food tends to be pricey and there are places in Vegas serving much more expensive food that is not nearly as tasty or refined as what you can get at China Poblano.  I think China Poblano is a good spot for an upscale lunch.  And since the same menu (with the same prices) is featured at dinner, it is a good spot for a nice dinner with a more casual approach and more reasonable prices than the many overpriced high-end dinner places in Las Vegas.I believe the Cosmopolitan offers both complimentary valet and self parking.
2	I'm so sorry that i give you only 2 stars,i love the restaurant though great service but the food i don't like it ,i dont think im going to be a big FAN of China Poblano and i dont think i will go back there again,sorry
1	This place is nasty. Plain nasty. The bill came out to 500.00 for god knows what. We where three couples and it wasnt my choice to go there, but never again.When we left I had to order room service because i didnt eat at all. Food is nasty and stupid combo far as Chines/mexican food. Who ever thought of this business Was on drugs when they came out with a stupid idea. NASTYYYYY.
3	Considering my meal was comped... I should have given this place a higher rating but with that being said, they are over rated.  The food is average and the service is so so.  I guess when it's early in the morning and there is nothing else to eat after getting out of Marquee, then you have no other choice but to stumble in here.
3	An odd combo of Mexican and Chinese on each side of the restaurant.  We decided to share four dishes just for a taste and here is what we had:  When Pigs Fly - small pork buns with lots of pork insideKao Lao Lao - oat noodles with a cilantro sauce, the sauce was good but oat noodles okChicken Ji Song - was good and tastyPollo con Mole Poblano Taco - goodJust don't expect to get too full on these.
4	I only ate one thing here, but it was GOODI knew I wanted noodles, asked server for a reco, without hesitation he said dan dan mien.The noodles were REALLY well cooked, you could tell they were fresh.The sauce was really good (and I've had dan dan in Asia many times). It had that umami you expect from a dish like that. So good! I'd definitely go back to try more. I did notice that the menu is really chinese OR mexican (not really many fusion dishes) but its an interesting concept.
3	Duck tongue taco tasted like the tongue of something that lives in stagnant water and eats stuff from the same water...  not so good.  That's all I got.
2	Get ready for the most rushed dining experience of your life! At one point, while I was biting into a taco, I had a server reach over my head to grab a plate. Really, guy? The food here is total bullshit. $5.50 gets you one taco, with a dry factory made tortilla, some dry meat, and here's the showstopper - pickled onions. Boom. Gourmet. Dude, I've had better tacos at some of the most ghetto taquerias and the price was nothing close to $5 fucking fifty. Get a grip. Oh yeah, it's Vegas. Boom. Roasted.
2	This is really a tapas bar. For those that are unsure what that is just be sure to stop into Mcdonalds on the way there and get a bag of cheeseburgers because you will be hungry. Small small portions. very good but tiny. $16 drinks. meh.
1	Not good at all!!!!!!!  1 small disgusting taco will run ya almost $6.  Not impressed by the Chinese food either, made me almost VOMIT!
4	Yesterday was actually "Take Two" for us here, since we planned on meeting a friend for dinner.  He got called in to work and couldn't make it, but it wasn't necessarily a "tragic evening", because the food here is pretty amazing.A quirky but compelling mix of Chinese and Mexican cuisine (but NOT ON THE SAME PLATE, thank GAWD!), you're free to mix-and-match however you please, just like the decor, which I can only describe as "Big Trouble In Little Chinese Tijuana."We started off with chips and salsa. I am a sucker for fresh, warm chips and these pretty much RULED.  Most with a palate for something a little kickier will find the salsa wanting, but having been burned by too many MUY CALIENTE sauces in the past, I found this one just right.Bear kicked it off with one of the tacos as well - I don't remember which, but the blissful look on his face was recommendation enough for me.  I decided to mix it up with two tacos: the chicken and mole poblano and the BBQ pork with marinated onions, along with "When Pigs Fly": four delicately steamed buns filled with more BBQ pork.  Bear had the "Special 8" Dim Sum - (probably not getting the name right, but I won't forget that taste!) - delicate, tasty jewels of meat, spices and veggies swathed in very light wrappers. I had bites of the chicken and pork...which I will have to definitely try in the future!It was all A-MAZING. Paired with rum-and-Cokes for me (Negra Modelos for Bear), the tastes of each item are light and exquisite - tender meats, flavorful but not overpowering sauces, but don't sit brick-like in your stomach as most chain-restaurant style Chinese and/or Mexican foods have a tendency to do.  Because I'd really had a taste for some pho noodles all week (nursing a pretty wicked cold earlier), I knew I wouldn't get them here, but when I saw "Dan-Dan Mian" noodles on the menu, I knew I wasn't leaving until I had some, which I ordered in lieu of dessert.  I love good "Dan-Dan" as much as the next Chinese food enthusiast, but THESE? Not saying it wasn't a healthy sized portion, but these bad boys made me wish for a kiddie-pool sized bowl that I could jump into and do the backstroke in. Oh, yeah.  They are THAT. FREAKIN'. GOOD.Bear had a dessert I did have a bite of - mangos with a light creamy sauce and maybe pine nuts? - that I made a mental note to have next time we visit.To sum it up - awesome food, great service from everyone, but most especially from our bartender/server Casey. However, I only have one 'caveat' to present.  When the bill arrived, it did give me one of those "RUH-ROH, RAGGY!" moments when I saw the total.  Not saying you have to be Mark Cuban or Steve Wynn to eat here, but if you have a more-than-healthy appetite - and we do, you may want to put China on your "Special Occasions Only" list.  It's just that all that wonderful food DOES add up (all tacos, dim sum and other items are priced separately), so you may want to have a "point guard" with you to keep an eye on the rising tab. Other than that, I would dare say that we'll be back!
2	I was really looking forward to this place after reading an article about it in the San Diego Magazine.  Went here twice.  First had some Asian style tacos and they were just ok.  For $5.00 each though?  Way to much for what I got and what I tasted.  Came back a second day to try a noodle soup bowl, and it sucked.  It was a combo of Bak Choy and shrimp dumplings.  What was horrible though was the lack of flavor in the broth and the noodles were actually somewhat crunchy.  I really am sad to give this place a poor review, because the servers were actually decent.  However, I will  never come back here.  I feel like they won't be here too long.
4	This is one of a kind - unique Chinese x Mexican restaurant in town. I know this place is expensive for Mexican and Chinese,,, but I keep visiting there.To start with, I always order a drink with Tuna Ceviche. I have eaten Scallop Ceviche, but tuna is way better than scallops, I think.I would recommend the Chinese inspired taco, Viva China. They are very tasty. Fish taco was really good, too.For dim sum, I recommend "when pigs fly", its a BBQ pork buns. Delicious (its a bit sweet side, tho).All the sui mai is very good. Gold leaf on Sui Mai??? Funny but they are good.However, noodles in the lower price range, Kao Lao Lao and Dan Dan Mian are my least favorite. The taste is flat - too greasy and boring. I dont recommend. I guess you get what you pay for. Soup,,, they are OK.Bartender was super nice and explained everything I asked.
4	Part II ; Cosmo Food CrawlCHINA POBLANOWorking ourselves from light to medium on heaviness, we ventured to what is another Jose Andres restaurant, China Poblano- a Chinese Mexican (not fused) cuisine that confuses and delights at the same time.  It's definitely a split personality (akin to that psycho you may have dated at one point....)but if you go for the ride, you may be pleasantly surprised.  I tend to favor more of the Chinese cuisine, and their appetizer/dim sum selections is quite addictive and a perfect fit to our second leg of the Food Crawl...         The interior decor is an attack on the senses, an onslaught of hyperbolic technicolor thrown together miss mosh, like graphics on an side street in Tokyo...chaotic.  And with two unseeingly mismatched cuisines housed under one roof, so is the the decor; the room is bifurcated down the middle, Mexican on one side, Chinese on the other (a modern West Side Story? Jets and Shark Fins?)As for drinks, we started with a Cantelope Agua Fresca; this beverage is naturally sweet and just the right amount of nectar and water, no sugar comas or bouncing off of walls like the Tasmanian Devil on a pogo stick.An alter.....to what? it's so friction strange, I dunno, do you sit here, or pray....? but the food's good, so I let this one pass...As I'm partial to the Chinese Dim Sum offerings at CP, the Har Gau: Shrimp, Pork Belly and Shitake Mushrooms wrapped in a translucent skin and steamed, creating the perfect little bite.  Devouring every piece, I love to add Soy and Chili Sauce to punch it up till it's over the top with flavor.This dish my favorite: Lamb Potstickers 'Stuck on You': six dumplings connected together with a crispy lace-from a visual standpoint, it's so delicate and fragile as you break off a piece, but it's another story when you put it in your mouth.  The dumplings are fried pouches full of unctuous lamb meat, full of juice and fat it bursts in your mouth, the cumin is just a powerhouse of spice, making it a hearty dish.
3	We visited this spot in October, its a late post just because I totally forgot about this spot or I really wanted to forget! If you care about how much you shell out for a meal, this is not the place for you. Don't get me wrong, the fusion of the two cultures are successfully done here. Portions are extremely small so, ordering 2 items per person is ideal. Like I said, watch your wallet. For a party of 2 our meal was $88.
4	I am pretty surprised by the negative reviews because I had a terrific experience at China Poblano.  Maybe it's because I took a lot of the waiter's recommendations, but every dish I ordered was at hit.  (And lest you think, he was trying to pad the bill, I told him I was torn between two dishes and he steered me towards the less-expensive one.)I would highly recommend the Kao Lao Lao, which are described as steamed noodles, but were more like rolled tortilla strips served with a flavorful dipping sauce, and the carnitas taco, with tender meat and a wonderful contrast of textures with its crispy toppings.I also had the lamb pot stickers, which were beautifully presented (although perhaps a little greasy) and the dancing eggplant, which was roasted until creamy.The service was great and the decor is very cute.  Everything was all really flavorful and beautiful on the plate.  I look forward to returning.
1	WTF Jose Andres!  I was so disappointed with this place - I feel like he just opened a restaurant with uninspired recipes he found in random places and slapped his name on it.  There was nothing special at all going on here. Had about 7 dishes and not a single one excited me.  Definitely pass.
3	I forgot to review this one, and it was earlier in the year we visited... food was fun and yummy, and yes pricey. But the one thing i do remember..............GET THE SLAT AIR MARGARITA!!
2	Pretty disappointed.  First, not many inspiring choices. Second, they brought out our entrees one at a time where we then waited to eat our food until we got all three entrees.  That's where the waiter failed to tell us that my third entree was not entered or the cook failed to throw it in grill. Nonetheless, we waited at a minimum of 25 minutes before we actually brought all three entrees together to eat dinner. Won't go back.
5	this is a Vegas favorite inside the Cosmopolitan! Chinese and Mexican sounds weird but works. Awesome. Tucked away by the race and sports book. Open for lunch and dinner. Dont miss Pomegrante margarita with salt foam, guacamole and salsa, all dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, Chicken soong, and  the BEST tuna tartare.
4	I really liked it. Their service was top notch, very attentive and courteous staff who can definitely handle chaos. Being the only 2 casual eateries not counting the hidden pizza place in otherwise expensive restaurant land Cosmopolitan, they are slammed all the time. I passed by everyday staying there and it was like a street mob scene. Regardless, they had hired a bunch of cool cats who handled the situation well which I really liked because feeding hunger after walking around all day is one serious business.The food was superb. Very very fine for street food. I loved it. Of course it was also because I expected nothing at all* Bah! Jose Andres? Oh no, not another Jose Andres joint, Tacos? Dim Sum? Oh whatever. So thats how I went in. But blow me down, I was dead wrong. They executed very well for what was just mindless street food in an expensive hotel. I shared  their beef tongue taco (excellent, low fat) , har kow (nice twist), viva china taco (didn't like this one, too fried), Cochinita taco (good), lobster taco (not special enough), Roujiamo Sandwich (good enough) and that was about it. I really loved the quality of their meat cuts. Pricey? Yes, because tacos, dim sum etc. are not usually, thats the problem. But was it worth it? Yes again.Atmosphere-- casual. So after all the partying and dressing up for great dinners, this is a welcome change. People are happy all around, not high and drunk like the other casual eateries because they don't serve up cheap fruit punch cocktails here. Just too cool for that.
3	Interesting blend of Chinese and Mexican food.  Very unique and a little fancy at times.We had the following dishes - click on the menu above:Dont Be Jealous hot and sour soup, pork, tofu, bamboo shoots, dried mushrooms Good soup.Beijing Glass bean sprouts, jicama, avocado, cellophane noodles, carrot, chinese cabbage, sesame dressingI liked this one - it's like a noodle salad.  The jicama gives it a bit of a crunch.Dan Dan Mian hand-cut wheat noodles, spicy pork sauceNot bad dan dan noodles - with peanutsRou Jia Mo Street Sandwich red braised porkIt's the chinese pau with this most delicious tender pork.  A winner!Twenty-vegetable Fried Rice fresh vegetables, fried riceI can see lots of vege all finely chopped in this delectable dish.Barbacoa De Res oaxacan-style barbeque beef, guajillo chile, pickled cactus paddleNeat taco!  I like the flavours!Carnitas braised baby pig, pork rinds, spicy salsa verde cruda Very good taco!  I wanted to give this place a try because of the unique blends of 2 cuisines.  Will I come back?  Sure!
1	Not worth your money and time. The atmosphere and decor is really cute but sad to say, that is not enough to bring me back. The Tuna Ceviche was probably the most exciting thing there. The tanginess and these crunch lil things which I suspect is fried roe makes the dish! The tacos were blah and bland and most dissapointing of all was some wheat noodles with tiger sauce. We thought the sauce sounded exciting and exotic but it was just chinese fermented bean sauce. This sauce does nothing to boost the flavor of the horribly bland wheat noodles. Totally disappointing and I will not be back!.
3	Interesting concept of bringing Chinese and Mexican food together.  Upon greeting us the waitress explained the menu and suggested per person you order a couple of items because the portions are small.  At least she was honest!  The standout items to me were the twenty vegetable fried rice and the Rou Jia Mo street taco.  I had a few other items as there were six of us so we ordered and shared a few dishes.   It's not that I didn't enjoy eating here but I think this restaurant falls into the category of why I avoid eating on the Strip which is it's extremely overpriced for what you get.
2	Just OK.We decided to check out China Poblano soley based on its convenient location inside The Cosmopolitan.  We met up with my cousins prior to our reservations at The Chandelier bar.  I decided to get a fresh cocktail before heading up.  We walked up to give them our reservation name and we were told that we couldn't enter unless I finished my very full cocktail or dumped it out.  What?  We are still in Vegas right?  I tried to comply, but just couldn't stomach slamming an entire cocktail with no food in my stomach.  Not to mention, I am close to being a 40 year old woman...come on!!!  My husBAND approached them again and politely questioned their policy.  A few moments later they came over and told us that we could enter with the drink.  The service from that point on was spot on.  Absolutely no complaints in that department.The food was just OK...nothing special.  We all ordered multiple dishes to share so we tried  a bit of everything.  Nothing particular stood out.The decor is interesting.  I did find the little pull out stools in the middle of the dining room a little odd and uncomfortable...just awkward really.I wouldn't not recommend this place to anyone, but wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to anyone.
3	We decided to finally stop by and check out this fusion inside The Cosmopolitan, since my man loves Mexican and I love Chinese food. It was pretty empty when we visited (around 3 pm) and we sat down at the bar where we got to watch some of the staff preparing tortillas. The prices were definitely Strip-worthy, so as budget conscious people, we only picked 3 items.Chips and salsa - for $4, it was a decent choice, and the salsa was indeed yummy.Coctel de Camarones - on the pricey side for it's size ($15), though very nicely presented. We were disappointed that it did not come with chips (it IS similar to ceviche) but we made do with the chips from the appetizer (which apparently, weren't refillable). It was very delicious; however, we weren't a big fan.They had specials on the menu (which oddly enough, was only written on one of the two menus we received and isn't on the website menu) and our server suggested we try one of them. Not a big fan either - it was a meat tortilla sandwich on top of a sauce (which made the tortilla itself soggy), and the flavors were nothing spectacular.Service was great however, and pretty fast. I'd try this place again, but I may stick to the China side of the menu (that said, I may just go to Chinatown instead).
5	I loved this place! We were in Las Vegas for work and my colleague recommended China Poblano. Everything was awesome. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	As we were gathering our things after touching down at McCarren airport,our main concern was of course food.I suggested Mexican (per usual) while my friend had been thinking Chinese. Well you can imagine our surprise when the concierge mentioned a Mexican-Chinese fusion restaurant within our very hotel.This is not your standard Mexican. So be prepared to shell out a lot of money foreach very small taco. However, it is somewhat worth it. My friends ordered Green Tea Sour cocktails (with an edible marigold) while I tried a new beer: Moutai - it was light and exactly what I needed with my food. I tried the Barbacoas and Carnitas tacos. The Carnitas was quite delicious but I am not quite used to the consistency of pork belly, so it was a bit of shock to bite into something so... jelly-like. We ordered the Twenty-vegetable fried rice because apparently it was on somewell-known foodie list and we weren't disappointed at all.Like all of our food, it was light, incredibly fresh and made with simple ingredients. For dessert I had the Mango Sticky Rice.Coconut milk is boiled to a cream and then added to shaved mangoand sprinkled with crisped rice to create something incredible. Loved.  The decor inside China Poblano was... interesting. There were steering wheelsspanning most of the ceiling, an altar of buddhas near the entrance, low ottoman seating and a red/orange color palette.  What I loved? There is one "bar" for Mexican  and one for the Asian inspired dishes. Each were incredibly clean and each dish is served as it is ready so if you order several things (as you will need to) you do not have to place the same emphasis on some of the more traditional dining rules.  While I enjoyed my experience there (for the most part...) I do not think I would go again. It is definitely a great place to pop into if you are in a bit of a rush and not particularly hungry, or else $6 per tiny taco just becomes a bit annoying.
1	I rather go to freemont street and eat on the ground without utensils then go back to this horrible establishment.
4	pricey drinks but the combination of chinese and mexican food on the same menu was intriguing and worth it.  enjoyable atmosphere and mainly friendly staff.  would definitely go back
4	Ok, so my brother has lived in vegas for years and this was one of the first times that I was able to get out there and see him and spend any sort of length of time there as well. Also, his girlfriend just finished culinary school so we were definitely interested in going to a really good restaurant, especially one who's chef is of the ilk of  Jose Andres. The food was better than just "good" the drinks were very tasty, and there was a wide range of selection in regards to how daring one might want to be. The dumplings and the pork buns definitely stand out and the top favorites as well as the guacamole. Most at my table happened to prefer the chinese selections that we had made but really, everything was very very tasty overall. We went for a lunch so that we could walk everything off later and the place was almost empty. Although, we were probably eating much earlier than many who visit vegas. The meal was expensive, but it was well worth it. I will say, that while the drinks were good, I think that they were overpriced based on what you are able to get in the area for less. However, overall, I am a fan and would enjoy going there again for maybe a slightly smaller meal (we definitely over-ordered since we were so excited about all of the options!).
4	Dang. The Vegas crowd is harsh - or at least very conservative with their stars.  Came here over the weekend with a bachelorette party and I think everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food and drinks.Between me and two other girls, we split: papas fritas (fries with rich mole sauce), open sesame (chilled noodle salad), Beijing glass (cellophane noodles in soup), tuna cevhiche (veeeerrrrry interesting crunch), and dan dan mien (noodles with a spicy kick).I had a Mexican Mimosa and other people in the group had the lychee sour cocktail and blood orange margarita.Seriously no complaints about the food except that the portions are tiny.  However, considering how many dishes we ordered for three girls (we eventually cancelled our order for 20 vegetable fried rice), I think we did just fine.  Sure, it was a little pricey, but you're in Vegas and you're at the Cosmopolitan.  The Strip is littered with Panda Expresses if you want something cheap.Now that I've returned from Vegas, and my coworker (who recommended China Poblano to me) and I are discussing the different dishes that we've eaten here, I'm itching to go back.
1	A very poor dining experience.There was no one in the restaurant when we arrived and I should have took that as a sign of trouble, alas my spidey senses were not tingling...and later on nor were my taste buds.Arrived with a group of four (3 being from China). I figured this would be a fun place to experience being a mexican/chinese fusion restaurant.It began with the ordering of hot water that arrived in an iron tea pot, visually pleasing but left a terrible metallic aftertaste. The dishes we ordered were indeed tiny and expensive as other reviews state. My company had two orders of different soups and the fresh handmade noodles but had to quickly report to our waiter that all three dishes were incredibly salty, we're talking "preserve your tongue for the winter" salty. Our waitress advised us that a lot of asian customers have this problem, "Americans just expect lots of salt or they complain that there is not enough flavour". I found this a little hard to believe being that all other restaurants we tried in Vegas were well under the "tongue preservation" level of salt. They offered to redo the soups but we had enough of the trouble and decided to cut our loses and shared the noodles and a fish taco (a very rubbery fish taco but with nice hints of flavour). It was then that the hostess provided the bill which included the two dishes that we did not even eat, after reminding her of this they quickly changed the bill but the fact that they tried to charge for everything showed no care at all for customer experience.
2	Let's start with the good stuff about China Poblano:- Super cute and trendy decor, we had such a great time noticing the small details around us as we waited on food.  It almost feels like dining in an eclectic art gallery, fun.- The service was pretty solid, not rushed nor too pushy -- but very attentive with water glasses filled at all times, friendly rapport and helpful suggestions.- The drinks were interesting.  Not strong or obsess about the cocktail menu until you return amazing, but definitely stood out above most of the rest of our Vegas beverages.  In particular, the Blood Orange Chile Pequin Margarita  had a unique flavor (not as spicy as we'd like it, but that's not unusual as we're freaky about our spiciness) -- and the Salt Air Margarita was an experience.But now for the food....It was just 'meh'.  Probably lower than meh... 'eh'?  I love fusion cuisine and small plate dining as much as the next food geek, but for the price and build up everything really fell short.  The chips and tortillas tasted store bought (or crappily made, if actually done in-house), the ceviche tasted borderline 'off', even the queso fundido was barely mediocre (who knew you could mess that up).  For the price and the buzz we heard, it was a total let down.  A great meal and a couple of nice dinner drinks are priceless in our household.  But this particular dinner for two set us back around $160 and was instantly regretted.  We stopped elsewhere to grab a (much tastier and filling) bite before heading back to the room for the night.  My advice:  grab a drink and enjoy the vibe, then move on for dinner.
2	The food was okay not great.  The dishes were a bit salty and nothing particularly special.  Our server was very pleasant and friendly.  Danielle is smoking hot so I might consider going back to have a cocktail here but there are better dining options available when in Vegas
1	I was not even going to give this place a star.  The service was horrible, it took over 10 minutes for someone to approach us to take our beverage order, then it took another 10 minutes to get the drinks, which should have been our cue to leave.We then ordered chips and salsa to start, which again took forever to get to us, then why we continued to order more was beyond me, but we did, which included the queso poblano dip, nothing exciting to write about, in addition to two very small tacos, which were ok, and then some potstickers, which my son said were horrible, and I took a bit and he was right.  Anyway, I will spare you the rest, just don't recommend going here, and we live in Vegas, and could recommend several other places that do a better job.   Very disappointed!
4	Love the decor. Great service with friendly attentive staff. The salt air margaritas are incredible. Lobster tacos and the twenty vegetable fried rice are perfect for a light lunch and leave plenty of room for the amazing mango sticky rice. Wonderful fun restaurant.
3	China Poblano has an interesting concept but I'm not sure if I want to eat chinese and mexican food at the same time.  The decor is interesting, we sat outside where you can see everyone else.Food:Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice: this was probably the best thing on the menu.  We added chicken to the dish Happy Family Jiaozi: these dumplings were itty bitty and not that great.  The sauce that it accompanied was too sweet.Guacamole: this was good, I would recommend sharing with the tableHot and Sour Soup: A little too vinegar-y and too much fungusTacos: these were good but a little on the greasy side.  I would recommend eating somewhere else if you're craving Mexican or Chinese food.
3	For a fusion place...not bad.Minus major points for their take-out service: I have NO IDEA why they restrict the takeout menu, and why they were out of so many things.  Unacceptable, especially for dinner.  And the menu restriction is a total cop-out.  Lamb Dumplings: had good flavor, but VERY haute gourmet Vegas portions (meaning the dumplings are SMALL!)  It's what I expected, so no loss of points there.  Tacos: ordered a few of them as an assortment (they ran out of duck tongue...VERY VERY disappointing).  The tacos were pretty spot-on; nothing incredible though.  I'll have to dine-in next time.  Maybe I'll update with more stars if the other menu options are better.
2	I needed to grab a quick snack while I was waiting to check in at the Cosmo, so I stopped by here.  I was tempted to grab dim sum, but seeing how overpriced it is tuned me out.  Instead, I grabbed the only sandwich on the menu.  However, it ended up being a small bun compared to the price-to-quantity ratio I had expected.  Though since this is Vegas, I probably should have lowered my standards even lower.I admire the creativity, but this is really a tourist trap, if that hasn't been said enough already.
2	My group settled on eating here since it was in our hotel, and we were starving.  The food was OK, but the dishes we ordered weren't meant for sharing -- even though the server said they were.We found ourselves having just a taste of each dish and still hungry about $30/person later.The place is amazingly decorated, we had plenty of space at our table, we were sat right away, and the service was great ... but the food just wasn't worth it."At least we gave it a shot", was the overall feeling ... *shrugs*.
4	You need to come here with the right expectations.  China Poblano is a Mexican-Chinese hybrid/fusionish restaurant by Jose Andres.  Portions are on the smaller side while prices are on the larger side.  Modern, more asian design/decor and it's in the Cosmopolitan hotel near the upper level of the chandelier bar.  There...with that said, on to the food.We had the heavenly pigs (roasted pork buns with condensed milk), a 20 (or 24) veggie fried rice, ha-gau (shrimp dumplings) and a vegan mexican spiced hand cut noodle dish.  Honestly the food was pretty good.  Everyone really liked the heavenly pigs though it was only 4 buns for 14 bucks.  the condensed milk really brought the little piggies to another level.  Best plate by far.  The fried rice was done really well, but nothing exceptional.  Shrimp dumplings were really fresh and also done well (again expensive, but that's a given here).  The hand cut noodle dish was interesting.  nice amount of heat and also nothing I've ever had before.  Overall 4 stars.  The food is good and interesting.  Pricey and the service wasn't great.  It's worth a stop if you're looking to try something different or to get a quick bite.
4	Incredibly tasty Chinese noodles and pancakes, ridiculously small portions!!
3	The menu is unique, maybe too much so.   I had the soup, it was tasty, but pricy.
4	So a while back when I was in Vegas me and my friend decided to try to find the food court at the Cosmopolitan cause we were hungry and had some time to kill before our flight.  We looked around on the second and floor and ended up walking into a restaurant that had Mexican food on one side and Chinese Dim Sim on the other.  So we thought hey, here's the food court! Let's go grab a seat. We get seated by a host and thought it was weird that a food court had a host..then we get handed a menu, only then did we realize that this place wasn't a food court, it was a full on restaurant!  At that point I think we both debated if we should leave, but in the end we decided to stay and give it a shot.I have to admit once you sit down and look at the place and you see the Dim Sum station vs the Mexican grill, its very foolish that we couldn't figure out that this place was something different; and it sure was.The Mexican-Chinese fusion food they have here is something I have never experienced in my whole life.  And that's actually pretty surprising considering I grew up in San Jose, CA where there is an abundance of Chinese Restaurants surrounded by Mexican Restaurants in the Eastern Part of the city.  Well we get cracking and I remember I had a few orders of dim sum and a few tacos.  I had no idea that gourmet dim sum and tacos could exist..let alone exist in the same restaurant!  The fusion food will keep you coming back for more, I know that from now every time I'll go to Vegas (which seemingly appears to be every 6 months) I'll be making a stop at this tasty little restaurant!And you should too! Just make sure that you know that this place isn't a food court. haha.
3	So, I agree with several of the 3 stars here and I am leaning on probably a 3.5 for here but, I can't quite put a 4 down. This has been on my list to  eat visit for awhile because of its odd Asian/Mexican fusion which does not seem to make sense. The place itself is like an acid trip with videos on the walls, stadium seating at bar, and bike wheels on ceiling. The place is all small portion and sort of a tapas with large meal prices. My mealDan Dan Mian Noodles $12- really good with great flavor, a great soba noodles and sauce.Chilaquiles $13- Which is basically tortilla chips, sour cream sauce, and a tomatillo type sauce. This is very close to a tradition version of this dish and it was good and rich.20 vegetable fried rice $20- This was the best of them all, a great mix of veggies that I have eaten in such youthful form and great flavor.. However the size overall was probably 2 cups.Desert- Mango rice $11- which was airy and very light with a cream rice flavor and cold mangos.Drinks-Singapore Sling- Traditionally made and perfect! (where did these go America)Salt Air Margariita- Crazy good with a salt flavored foam.Overall a solid meal, however the bang for the buck is lacking. after tip this meal for 1 is over $90 and I can say I was not full in the end. So, the food is good but you are going to have to order 3 items per person to consider it a meal.
4	I live local to the DC area, so I've had a lot of Jose Andres' cooking in his various Washington restaurants-- some of my favorite places and food, although at all of them, meal+drinks at non-happy-hour prices will put a dent in your wallet.  I was curious to see how his Vegas efforts were doing, so checked this one out on a recent Vegas trip.Even in a town full of esoteric and unusual design, it has an eye catching design and great decor.  The number of tables inside is limited, but there are 2 large bars, and various randomish seating outside.  It's pretty unique looking, bright colors.  There's a carryout window.Service was over-attentive.  The female server thought the habanero salsa was far too hot to possibly have by itself (we found it hot but enjoyed it by itself)...That salsa and chips were both very good.  A chinese-mexican fusion taco wasn't worth repeating.  A barbacoa taco was some of the best barbacoa I've had!  Drinks pricey but strong.  The GF had one with ground-mezcal-worm on the rim, I had one less exciting-- both great.The prices are highish-- this is a fancy restaurant, it's Jose Andres, and it's on prime real estate.  A full dinner will set you back if you have much appetite at all.  Two tacos, a small steak entree, two drinks, and chips/salsa were about $75 after tip.This is Vegas, and there is people-watching-- there's a fair amount of foot traffic from people staying at the Cosmopolitan.If you're looking for American-Chinese food (you know, the crap they serve in altogether far too many suburban joints) or for Tex-Mex, this isn't the place.For some top-shelf drinks and innovative cooking, you've come to the right place.  Just expect dinner to be expensive!
1	Overpriced. Good ingredient put together all wrong. It's like they didn't do Mexico or china right but tried to do both. :(
3	Ate here last night and my second time dining here at China Poblano. Came here later in the evening without a reservation and was sat immediately with a group of 6. The service was excellent. We ordered tacos for each person.LangostaLenguaBarbacoa De ResCarnitasPortion size was decent. Ordered 4 tacos for each person was more than filling. Though it is a bit pricey for just tacos. Our order of tacos, 2 bowls of fried rice, guacamole, chips & salsa, and a round of drinks came out to nearly $400 after tax and gratuity. I would definitely recommend this place to try, for a different experience. But it's definitely not some place I would come frequent.
4	I just returned from my first trip to Las Vegas, and on my first night there, I knew I wanted to check out China Poblano. (Having gone to school in DC, I'm familiar with Jose Andres and his great food.)My friends' flight landed a while after mine, so I dined solo at the bar. The service was excellent, especially considering it was 8:30 on a Saturday night. The food was outstanding and came quickly (but without any sort of rush). I had the Arrachera con Salsa Molcajete - absolutely delicious - with a side of their freshly-made tortillas (to make my own fajitas, awesome suggestion by the server). Also had a sea salt margarita, very foamy but tasty enough.I really enjoyed everything about this place...except the value for the money, which is why I'm leaving off a star. These are small plates meant to be shared, so your receipt can very easily tally up quickly.
2	$$$$$$ for two small tacos?!?!sure they taste good but no thank you
4	Yes this place is a little pricey but these are typical prices to main strip restaurants and the food is well worth it. Definitely try the salt air Margritas with the lovely salty foam, we were more focused on the Asian side of the menu, other than the guacamole which was very good and came with great warm tortillas. Tried the 20 vegetable rice, the dancing eggplant (awesome with the twirling bonito flakes-you have to see it!) and the 'when pigs fly' steamed bbq pork bun. All dishes were very good and the buns were amazing. Definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas.
2	Just went to China Poblano for Noodle wonton soup. The broth looks and tastes like beef broth. The noodle is not crisp and chewy. Not enough vegetable like wonton soup supposed to be. The wonton is fair. But it is overpriced  for half the portion most chinese restaurnat offer. Definitely need a change. If you are looking for authentic Chinese Noodle or Dim Sum, this is "not" the right place. Stay away from Fusion type restaurant. If you want good Ehenic foods, do not try fusion restaurant. I can't comment the Mexican restaurnat side. But I will not attempt based on the taste of Chinese food.
5	I'm shocked by how low the average rating here is, this is one of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas.  We discovered it totally by accident while roaming through the newest building on the strip, looking for a fun meal. The initial outside appearance of the restaurant made me think it was a food court, but once I saw the name Jose Andres, I knew we were in for something special,  and I wasn't disappointed.That was over a year ago, since then we have been back several times.  The highest compliment that I can pay to the food is that every time I leave China Poblano, I leave energized, excited, and euphoric.When China Poblano gets it right, they get it very right, witness the Viva China, beef tendon and Kumamoto Oyster taco.  It's simple, yet enthralling, an amazing contrast of texture, temperature, and flavor.  Every time I have one, it's just as good as the first.There are a number of other shining stars, like the Barbacoa and Silenco (spicy duck tongue and lychee!) tacos, and several of the desserts (I still dream about the Tres Lychees, why did they have to take it away?!?!?!).  The noodles I've tried were quite good (especially the spicy Dan Dan Mian), but not quite up to the level of the zany tacos.I have sampled a few things that I'd classify as merely "good" like the chocolate terra cotta warrior, and the fried wantons, and there is a large swath of the menu that I've yet to try.Yes, it can be a bit pricey for the quantity of food/drink, but consider the location, and more importantly consider the creative, meticulously prepared food.  You get what you pay for.However, those items that I love make China Poblano a destination entirely on their own, not to mention the fun atmosphere and excellent service.  On that note, our servers have always been not just friendly and accommodating, but very knowledgeable about the food as well, and I think that really makes a difference in the overall experience.I'm always happy to be coming back to China Poblano.  It's a great place to start or end your Vegas trip, or perhaps even for a late night in the middle.  This last trip, we did all three!
3	We came here for a bachelorette party brunch before going on a Pink Jeep tour. I originally made the reservations for 11 and changed that to 8. When I called to make the change the concierge picked up and acted like she didn't know what I was talking about when I said "China Poblano" but apparently she knew what "Cheeena Poblano" was. I was irked by this and was expecting horrible service when we got here but the service was great as was the ambiance. The food was a bit overpriced but it's Vegas so not really complaining. The "fresh juice" was not fresh at all but it was decent enough. But overall, food wise:The 20 vegetable fried rice was really goodQueso Fondido was great but very heavyTea- everyone who had it loved itSetas taco - extremely good
3	While I really enjoyed the ambience of China Poblano, and the love the idea of a restaurant like this, the food was really hit or miss.Tuna Ceviche: Outstanding! The unexpected touch was the amaranth seeds, which contributed a wonderful crunch that made this dish memorable. It was so tasty and refreshing that we contemplated a second order.Chilaquiles: These were not the casserole-style chilaquiles I am used to, but it was a welcome difference. They more closely resembled nachos, but were among the best nachos I have had in recent memory.Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice: My opinion of this rice might be different if this dish didn't cost $20. I understand that it costs a restaurant a fair amount to obtain that many different vegetables, and I certainly don't mind paying for that...but this dish just had no punch! Many of the vegetables were indistinguishable from one another, and the dominant taste was soy sauce. It was beautiful to look at, but that's the best I can say. I much prefer the $6 fried rice I can get at my favorite sushi place back home.Tacos: The tacos, unfortunately, were a miss. The chicharron didn't bring anything to the party on my Cochinita taco, and I didn't care for the aftertaste either.Bottom line -- China Poblano is worth a visit for the ambience and certain dishes, but you can definitely skip the tacos. I'm certainly looking forward to going back to try some of the Asian dishes.
3	The pros: food was delicious, nice ambience (it's in the Cosmopolitan), very good service - my water glass was always full and waiter was attentive.The cons: very pricey for what you get. I got a $5 tiny taco (equivalent to the $2 tacos aI had at Bally's a few days earlier, lol) and a $8.88 "street sandwich," which my friend said is normally $1-2 from food carts. My friend got the stuffed pepper, with pork and pomegranate seeds.Both were delicious but way out of our price range - the pepper was $16! We didn't know it was going to be such small portions.I guess the moral is go there if you have the money, but be warned it's all small plates. DELICIOUS small plates, but small nonetheless.
1	small portions. crazy small portions. stick to the buffet because at china poblano, the  food didn't taste very good. and it was grossly overpriced. i will never return. NEVER! EVER. EVER!
2	Small portions, high prices.. at least the place looks nice.Now this is probably one of those places you need to go to more than once to get an accurate opinion, but I was pretty disappointed. This is a cheaper version of a Jose Andres restaurant, (cause not eveyone can afford to eat at E)There are a couple good menu items, the chilaqulies are good if you are a cheese fanatic, the pork belly tacos are great, with thin slices of pineapple, and the Dan Dan Mien is delicious with home made noodles. The lengua tacos were decent, nothing special but not bad. Remember everything here is tapa sized, very small portions. Each person needs to order about 3-4 dishes in order to get full. Two menu items here ran about $30 which is very expensive for the average Mexican/Chinese food you get here. Yes its a fusion restaurant, but you can get better food at Komex. The place itself looks great. Very trippy looking restaurant, kind reminds you of a neon enfused hole-in-the wall.  But honestly, after such a disappointing first visit I don't think I could every come back.
3	You can tell Jose had a lot of fun creating the menu at China Poblano. I just wish I would have enjoyed more of the overall experience.Don't get me wrong, the staff was great. We were promptly seated at 8 p.m. (we made a reservation and I suggest y'all do the same).I liked the guacamole because it had the right amount of heat. My noodle bowl loaded with veggies was a great drinking base. The tacos were tasty (albeit tiny). The portions are small and the prices are high. Two people in our party felt ill after eating the shrimp. What I didn't plan for was the bench seating. I was wearing a very short dress plus high heels, as we were going straight to Marquee after dinner, and I had a very difficult time getting up from my seat without flashing the guys behind me.  And yeah, the skeezy old dudes at the table next to us were waiting to catch a glimpse. This place was a great way to pregame before heading into Marquee but it wasn't a whole lot of bang for the buck, plus that bench was really tough on my sequined-covered booty.
4	Loved it... Tacos were amazballs, fruit salad was tasty and very cool looking, noodles were very good... uh.. and  I can't remember what else I had but that was good too... Hey I was in vegas give me a break.For a dude that loves mexican food and chinese food like me it doesn't get much better than this. Jose Andres, the homie, did it right with this one. Yea it's not cheap, and yea it's small plates, but yea it's pretty damn good. You're in vegas, relax, enjoy it and stop being so cheap... Or go find a strip mall with a Panda Express and a Roberto's and enjoy that with your malt liquor. PS - everyone that is complaining about price, realize what hotel you are in. Sorry to inform you but they tore down the Boardwalk Casino about 6 year ago to build this gem; it ain't coming back.
5	In a location as over the top as the Cosmo in Las Vegas, my wife and I were pleasantly surprised by lunch here. I wouldn't recommend as a destination for dinner, but if looking for a quick meal on the lighter side, it's one of very few options around, without being a stereotype of itself.Good food, fantastic flavors, and enthusiastic service.
4	Oh my, Chinese and Mexican fusion...I should have thought of that earlier. Despite how different the 2 cuisines might look, they have a lot of similarities.We started with some drinks. I had the "salt air" margarita -- and oh my. This works a lot better than salt around the rim because you can just get a mouthful of the salt while drinking. The undesired effect is that you might get a "milk mustache" after you drink it, but hey, it's cute, right? Definitely a must-try if you like margaritas.The food here is served in small plates, so it's a good idea to share everything so you get to try a bunch of stuff. We ordered quite a few things to share, and some of them, unfortunately, were on the saltier side (smoking chef?), but other than that everything tasted good.Of all the things, I recommend trying the siu mai (thin skin, delicious pork), the chile en nogata (the walnut cream really made the dish) and the lamb potstickers (it's got that crispy lace which is oh so hard to make!). They have a few items with the Shirley Lee family XO sauce, but I'm not a fan of that...I prefer other brands' XO sauce much better. If you like handmade noodles, you might want to try them here too -- while they're not the best I've had, they were hearty and rustic, and will surely win a few hearts.Overall, it's a very interesting place where you can get the best of both worlds. When you're surrounded by all different sorts of restaurants in Vegas, it's nice to see something different.
3	I like Jose Andres, Chinese food and Mexican food.  Put them all together you'd get something spectacular, right?  Well, at least that's I hoped for.The service at China Poblano was good.  I loved the interior.  Images of Mao, Frida Kahlo, the Dalai Lama, etc. projected on screen on the walls - nice touch.I had the Jasmine Downy Pearls tea and it was amazing.  It was fragrant and it tasted good.  It was a neat idea that they give you a timer so you get to enjoy the perfect tea whether you like it mild, medium or strong.  We ordered a bun of different things from the menu:Golden Pigs:4 fried BBQ pork buns with a side of condensed milk.  Dipping pork buns on condensed milk might seem pretty odd but it works.  Sweet and savory just go well together.  5/5Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich:A braised pork sandwich.  The bread tastes just like biscuits but the filling's saaaalty. If you look at the menu, you'll see "Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich" in a box which will make you think that's their specialty.  Honestly, I hated it. 1/5Tacos (Carnitas, Langosta, Viva China, Pescado Frito):The Carnitas came with pork rinds on top but the pork in the taco was dripping in oil.  Just let the oil drip off your taco and you're all set. Great taco variety. 4/5When Pigs Fly:4 steamed BBQ pork buns. Yep, that's all I can say about that.  Nothing special. 3/5Lucky Six Siu Mai:2 scallop siu mai, 2 beef siu mai and 2 traditional siu mai topped with itty bitty pieces of gold leaf. 3/5Papas Fritas with Mole:I wanted fries with my sandwich.  I had to pick between mole and XO sauce.  Fries + XO sauce just doesn't seem appetizing so I went with mole.  The mole was overpowering.  There was a scant amount of Mexican cream and queso fresco.  I can usually finish an order of fries but not this one. 2/5Queso Fundido with Chorizo:Again, nothing special. 3/5Mango Sticky Rice:This was the best thing on the menu.  Instead of using sticky rice, they used puffed rice so you get that nice crunch with a nice creamy coconut sauce and semi-sweet mangoes. 5/5Chocolate Terra Cotta Warriors:The name "WARRIORS" is misleading because you only get one warrior made of chocolate filled with chocolate mousse on top of cookie crumbs and ginger ice cream.  It looks like something just died on my plate complete with dirt and flowers.  The presentation was just too funny but this chocoholic wasn't 100% pleased with the taste but the creativity was there. 4/5Cajeta Flan:A flan made with goat's milk served with salted caramel ice cream and pineapple chunks.  The flan was mild and the salted caramel ice cream was just lovely. 4/5So why 3 stars?  For the amount and type of food you get vs. the price, not worth it.  It's like they grabbed the queso fundido from Viva Zapatas, steamed BBQ pork buns and siu mai from Spring Mountain, fish tacos from Rubio's for like $3 each and decided to serve it to you for double or triple the price.  Part of what makes Chinese and Mexican food great is that they're inexpensive.
3	I had high hopes for this place. Chinese Mexican fusion sounds like an awesome combo, right??Unfortunately, the service was somewhat slow, and the food was average. Nothing special at all (I would say some of the noodle dishes tasted premade). The tacos are tiny and pricey! I would say they are definitely not worth it (even though they have some cool combinations like Mushrooms and Guac).The only outstanding items I had here were the lamb potstickers. They were juicy, unique, and tasty!
2	This place bills itself as Mexican-Chinese fusion so I'm thinking yum!  Asian pork tacos?  Some yummy mexican egg rolls?  NO!  There is no fusion.  There is a mexican menu and a chinese menu.....blah.  Skip it!  However, my pomegranate margarita was delicious as was the salsa and guac so maybe just go for the snacks and cocktails!
4	Definitely get the addictive lotus chips and playful, flavorful Silencio (ha!) duck tongue taco. The Viva China taco with oyster and beef tendon wasn't bursting with flavor, and the Golden Pigs steamed buns were dry and would have benefitted from more filling. And if you're feeling lucky, cross your fingers that a sampler of dumplings accidentally gets dropped at your table by a server who immediately disappears, because it's going to be your favorite dish of the night.The changing wall art of iconic/iconoclast figures gives the small space a lot of personality, and I just loved the warm colors and rustic feel. It's Vegas, so it's a little bit put-on, but isn't everything?
3	This restaurant was good but so overrated. I was expecting an amazing meal but it was not that special. Some really cool drinks, creative items & good tacos but I wouldn't bother going back. The 20 veg fried rice from best thing I ever ate was totally unimpressive, I was surprised by how weak this restaurant is considering how much hype I've heard about it & that its a Jose Andres restaurantI would not bother going back
5	It was funny how I found this place, walking in the Cosmopolitan seeing signs for Chinese and Mexican food.  Thinking it was 2 different restaurants I was intrigued.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful.  I navigated through the menu and tried several items.  I fell in love with mole fries, just order the mole on the side.  The mole is authentic and my taste buds enjoyed savoring all the flavors.
4	This was my second visit to China Poblano, although my first visit was last year and it was limited to a couple dumplings and some drinks.  This time my wife and I came for lunch while the Cosmopolitan was getting our room ready.  The restaurant has one of the cooler buildouts in town - stylish and chic yet still comfortable.  The design aesthetic borrows from Chinese and Mexican traditions, much like the menu.  What was interesting to us was that we didn't sense much "fusion" between the two traditions - they menu is segregated between Chinese and Mexican dishes.  We had a mix, but no single dish we had really fused the two cusines.Let's start off with a story.  Just after we sat down, a party of 4 sat next to us.  After a quick look at the menu they asked the server why they didn't see quesadillas and burritos.  The server explained that China Poblano's Mexican fare comes from the cuisine of Southern Mexico, while they were thinking more about the food along the US border.  The server expertly encouraged them to give the place a try, and they wouldn't be disappointed.  No dice - they got up and left anyway.  The server told us that happens a lot.That was their loss.  We started with the special Chicken Tinga Tacos with chorizo, onions and potatoes, which my wife and I LOVED.  The potatoes in particular made the tacos, and they went great with the sauce, one of my favorites in the Mexican lexicon.We also really enjoyed the Don't Be Jealous Hot and Sour Soup.  This was not your traditional Chinese hot and sour soup - the color was much darker, the sesame flavor really popped, as did the cilantro.  It had much more depth than we expected and was almost smoky.  Of the Lucky 6 Sui Mai, we liked the scallop sui mai the best, then the beef and then the traditional shrimp & pork.  All were delicious though, and sui mai is always a personal favorite, whatever anyone puts in it.  The Shrimp Mojo was good too, but the shrimp was a little overwhelmed by the sweet black roasted garlic.  It was a good dish, but I'd have preferred a little bit more shrimp flavor. Fun place with good food, but you have to like Chinese and Southern Mexican flavors, which my wife and I absolutely do.
5	Super yummy!I ate a lot of different stuff here...Tacos, pork rolls, noodles, rice...if anything eat the "20 Vegetable Fried Rice"! I heard from several people...best fried rice EVER! Each bite was different and super awesome!Very causal, relaxed place, great cocktails.Everything I ate was great! Service was great! Seating was easy!Go eat a taco, fried rice and pork buns, you won't be sad!
2	Really really really wanted to love this. I came in with high expectations, especially because I am a fan of Jose Andres's style. He is creative and has a vision that is unique in the restaurant world. The kitchen needs to see his same vision. The layout of the restaurant is stunning. Two bars upon entry (left and right) and your in direct sight of the dimsum preparation and steamers. There are creative cocktails to choose from, & the bar has an embedded part of the design to hold a spoon...then dissapointment began. Without being longwinded,  Salty! Over priced! Really dissapointing! This was the order: Viva China* soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oysters/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce -- it was one tiny taco, this was my only tasty thing but the price was a serious turn off for the size. Pescado Frito fried fish/ ancho chile pickled onions taco-- again just OKAY, doesn't justify the cost. Beef 6pc beef/lime/ daikon/ watermelon radish --DIMSUM, I've had better. AND the clincher Shrimp Mojo 8 pc shrimp/sweet black garlic/roasted poblano peppers--SaltyI don't know if the kitchen was off that day but I rarely send things back and the salt content was so powerful we just had to say something. We got the dish made fresh again and sad to say, nothing changed.Our bill was approximately $110 and it left us starved for a second meal that wasn't going to leave us with high blood pressure. I understand that good quality will justify higher priced cuisine but these portion sizes were abnoxious. They should even slightly up the price and give us two tacos instead! Eating with your eyes is the first step to the dining experience and that left us hungry. I will definitely continue to visit Jose Andres's other projects but will stay away from China Poblano in the Cosmo when Blue Ribbon sushi satisfies me a lot more in the same price range!!
5	I'm sad to see that this place isn't rated higher!  My husband and I eat here every time we go to Vegas, sometimes more than once.  We love it!Our favorites:Salt Air Margarita (actually, they have lots of great cocktails!)Golden Pigs 20 Vegetable Fried RiceGo!  You won't be disappointed!  Atmosphere is casual, service is friendly and prices are reasonable (for Vegas).
1	First off, we were robbed. Apart from the way overpriced food, I was surprised to see that someone forged a generous and undeserved 30% tip on my credit card bill, when I clearly left 15% on the receipt. Second, the food was mediocre at best. We started out with a couple of their signature cocktails which were fun and creative but not worth refilling our glasses with. The waiter was kind and willing, however his recommendations all fell flat on the palate. While the food was beautifully presented the taste was not impressive at all. We started with the Carnitas tacos which were bland and extremely oily. Next came the Lamb potstickers. The lamb filling was also not seasoned. Lastly we ordered the food network recommended 20 vegetable dish and added shrimp. Again the protein was bland and unseasoned. While the rice was somewhat tasty, it was not something to rave about. At the conclusion of our meal, we were somewhat shocked to see an $85 bill for the amount and quality of food that was ordered for 2 people. Despite the disappointing food, our waiter was nice and returned to our table multiple times to check on us. I believe this was mainly due to the fact that our order took a long time to arrive. Nevertheless I tipped 15% and clearly wrote the total of $100 on the receipt. Well, when I checked my bank, I noticed the 30% charge instead. I will be calling the restaurant today to dispute the issue. China Poblano is overrated and overpriced. Coupled with the billing issue, the overall experience was very disappointing. Needless to say we will not be giving it a second try.
2	Food was only okay. Food portions were small and the prices were high for the quality and quantity.  In addition to this, the wait staff was rude. I would not recommend this place to family/friends.
4	Kinda surprised at the low rates for this place.  This restaurant is actually REALLY good.  If you're looking for lots of delicious small bites... this is it.  Came here with a bunch of friends.. and gotta say.. almost everything exceeded my expectations.  I can't remember everything we ordered... but here's a few highlightsLamb Pot Stickers Stuck on You - REALLY really good.  delicate and delicious. Shrimp Won Ton - was good, not the best in the world .  But.. I had a hangover and this really hit the spot.  Sui mai - not your typical dim sum sui mai... better.  When Pigs Fly - Steamed pork buns.  delicious, perfectly cooked.okay.. everything is a little pricey... but hey... its good.
4	While eating there in 2012, I had dim sum (sui mai) and a few tacos - and all were delicious. I had originally went to try the 20 vegetable fried rice, as advertised on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," but never had it because of all the other temptations. While in LV 2 weeks ago, I went back and tried their famous friend rice this time - and it was fantastic! I highly recommend it! Not a huge fan of their salsa, but everything else I've ever had has been great!
3	Delicious avocado salad and tacos
4	I have been wanting to come here for two years... seriously, that long!  Every time I head out to Las Vegas I try and make a point to dine but it just never worked out... that is until this week, when my boyfriend and I made it to lunch.  Finally!Started off with cocktails (blood orange margarita), and I was impressed.  It was really well-balanced and not too sweet.  We had the guacamole, which was very good.  We ordered it "medium" but I think it could have used a little more kick.  The chips were fresh and completely addictive, and the salsa was really delicious- excellent smoky flavor.  We each ordered a taco (carnitas and pescado frito).  Serving size is small but we were going for a "light lunch" so it worked out.  My boyfriend liked the carnitas taco so much he ordered another.  It was really a decent amount of food when you consider the large, molcajete-like bowl of guacamole too.All in all, it was pretty good!  It's hard to "wow" in Las Vegas because there are so many great restaurant choices.  The ambiance and decor are really neat and lend to the overall feel of the place.  We had great service and enjoyed the food a lot, but I definitely think it's more of a lunch spot.
5	OK this is my new Fav place in the cosmo as of now !!!ok so sout side looking it it LOOKS LIKE A HOLE IN THE WALLi think thats the look and feel they were going for but this place is noting short of GREAT  the restaurant is split into two side one chinesse one mexican we dined on the mexico side at the bar the service was great friendly and knowledgeable this is a Jose Andres restaurant by the way i had the Silencio duck tongue it was great (they also have a variety of spicy sauces they can bring you upon request i highly recommend it ) i also had the   Carnitas braised baby pig/pork rinds/ spicy salsa verde cruda which was also good we also ordered the When Pigs Fly 4pc delicate steamed buns/Chinese barbeque pork    very different soft and chewy also very filling if you dont have ur A game appetite save room for other more delicious things i cal htis one a tasty filler :) the  Langosta lobster/salsa Mexicanaarbol chile sauce was ahhhhmaaazing a must id say the chips and the salsa were some of the best i have EVER had....the Lengua beef tongue/salsa pasilla was ok the Pomegranate Margarita was a lil too fruity for my taste the Dan Dan Mian hand-cut wheat noodles/spicy pork sauce/peanuts was great  i will be back here maybe even this weekend vivaaa las vegas
5	I cannot believe China Poblano has such a low rating.  I have always loved Jose Andres and have never been disappointed by any of his restaurants.  China Poblano was no different and is now my favorite of all of his restaurants (I've previously been to Zatinya, Oyamel and Jaleo in DC).  I went in December of 2012 while staying at the Cosmopolitan.  It is a very casual place with a fun, relaxed vibe.  We ordered the Golden Pigs (lightly fried BBQ pork buns served with condensed milk) and Har Gau for appetizers.  My boyfriend was skeptical of the milk being served with the buns but they were delicious!  The perfect combination of sweet, savory and salty.  For our entrees we ordered one carnitas and one lengua taco which were both perfect in every way.  The waitstaff was quick and friendly, the food amazing and the prices extremely reasonable for Vegas.  I am returning to Vegas in July and this is the first place I am seeking out for lunch.  I would highly suggestion that every one give it a try.  You will not be let down.
1	My friends and I visited China Poblano for my Birthday dinner. All in all, dinner left A LOT to be desired. We were all incredibly disappointed, and it put a damper on our evening. The Ceviche was probably the best dish. However, you have to order chips separately since it doesn't come with (a little weird). The dishes overall were just okay. Some of the flavors were good, but the portions were small. I ordered the lobster taco, which only had two small chunks of lobster. The tacos are tiny. My taco was only two small bites. $10 for that? My friends also ordered tacos, and were extremely dissatisfied. We were so unhappy that we asked for the tacos to be taken off our bill (which they did). The service was super slow. I would not come here again. It was a poor choice my birthday dinner. We were excited by the exotic menu and the fact that the restaurant is in the Cosmo Casino, but extremely disappointed in the end. Don't waste your time!
3	Good if you want to try something with a unique taste, the blood orange margarita was yummy but overpriced. Basically, the food was fine but definitely not worth the price. $20 for a small bowl of fried rice?!? It was good but not twenty dollars good. I wouldn't come back here simply because of the prices:
1	Over-priced miniature food portions. What a novel idea. This was such a disappointment because the food tasted pretty good but the portions were tiny. I mean extremely small. Kid-sized. Sorry, I will not be returning.
5	I can't understand why this restaurant doesn't have more GREAT reviews; I'm thinking some people just do not get it. It is a treasure and something not to be missed when in Las Vegas, it is perfect for lunch. we loved the 20 Vegetable fried rice and the chilaquiles were our favorite. If you're looking for a bargain, China Poblano is not your place but if you appreciate delicious and innovative food, you will love it!
2	Everyone's reviews are spot on. This place was only OK for me. The tacos are small. Chicken Mole Taco was gross - swimming in sauce. Fish taco smelled fishy to me - not a good sign. My friend also got extremely ill after eating here.  The chips are good, but $15 for guacamole? I can make better guac than this place. Margaritas are also about$14 a pop and are small. Like most of the cosmopolitan... this place is overpriced. I'd rather make a run for the border.
4	I was a little unsure of this place and the chinese/mexican fusion combo made me ask why???.  When I visted their website and saw that it is a Chef Jose Andreas establishment I figured it must be amazing so I said what the hell and made a reservation. I am a mexican food lover so I stuck with things on the Miexican portion of the menu, a few different tacos(barbacoa and carnitas) both of which were amazing, the beef just melts in your mouth it is so tender. I also ordered some queso fundido and some papas fritas to share with the table.  One of the people in my party went the Chinese route and ordered the 20 vegetable fried rice, I tried a few bites and it was amazing, and could be a meal in itself. I will go back and next time I will order the fried rice for myself. Prices were actually low in my opinion, not cheap but I would have paid more for the quality of food.  Rreat value for the quality of food and location inside of the Cosmopolitan. All in all I would recommend China Poblano to anyone visiting Vegas.
2	Food is just ok especially since they are SUPER expensive for such a small portion of food that isn't really that good. I gave them a try twice because I give everyone a mulligan just in case they have a bad day...but unfortunately, there was no change. :( They have a cool concept...but way too expensive for what you DON'T get....which is a full tummy with yummy food. You are better off trying some where else.
1	ugh I wish there was no stars!  my experience in this place was pretty bad. service was not good and the  place wasn't even busy at that time ! the  food was really pricey i normally don't care as long as the food is amazing  but the food was OK. one of the people in my group ordered her dish with no meat and  when they brought all the plates out turned out they made all of them vegetarians so  we had to wait for them to remake our food  we all ate at different times, my coffee came late it seemed like the waiter totally forgot about it , I had to remind him. they brought us chips and salsa(since they re not complimentary) so we could much on something while we waited but it just didn't make up for anything. I would not recommend this place :(
2	Be warned - you're thinking take out but you get REALLY REALLY small portions for what you pay for.  The food itself isn't bad, but they really skimp on portion size.  It's really expensive for what you get!!!  I've tried the dan dan noodles and another dish.  Again, it's not bad, just really small and really expensive.
4	Great spot for a casual lunch, especially if you're staying at The Cosmopolitan. We ate in our bathing suits and I didn't feel judged. My friends and I ordered our own tacos, which we all enjoyed, but we also split a few other dishes. The twenty-vegetable fried rice is a must... definitely one of their signature dishes. Great mix of Chinese- and Mexican-inspired small plates. All perfect for sharing (tacos aside... get your own). Good drinks, too.
1	Barely a shadow of Chinese or Mexican food based on taste, texture, or portion.  Hostess was clueless. 1) First told us there was no reservation 2) told us we have to wait for a table after finding our reservation 3) we mention our friend's have arrived and she said we were the first of the party to be here 4) walked past her and FOUND our friend's sitting down under our reservation.  You'd be better off going to any place on Spring Mountain or Roberto's
3	Pros: Casual, fun ambiance. Good location at Cosmopolitan. Awesome decor--lucha libre meets Las Vegas--red lamps on the ceiling, video screens with pictures flashing of Mexican artist Frida Kahlo and Chinese leader Mao, etc.Cons: The menu was extensive but underwhelming. A bit over-priced for such a casual setting that basically served fried rice and tacos. It's tapas style, so expect to order several dishes for sharing. I don't think it was a fusion, but rather a menu with average Chinese and Mexican dishes.
4	While I was skeptical of the whole fusion concept, some of the dishes were pretty inventive, I'll give them that!The Viva China (oysters + soft beef tendon+ peppercorn sauce) taco was quite tasty as was the Huitlacoche noodles with mushrooms and Mexican corn truffles. The best cold dish has to be the Palmitos (hearts of palm + grapefruit salad) which was ideal to combat the Vegas heat. No matter what the server suggests, the shrimp mojo (shrimp + fermented garlic sauce) is not worth it for the tiny bits of shrimp. It's something a Chinese mama could make for a lot less. Drinks were amazing; Mexican mojitos, mimosas and what have you. They do magic with Mezcal here!For what it is, this resto does solid lunch and dinners, and the drinks aren't too bad. Drop in if you're stuck outside Marquee or just for a quick bite before checking into your room.
3	We ended up coming here because Holstein's was too crowded and we didn't want to wait. If everything here was 15% cheaper I would be giving it more stars, but the portions are really small for the price you pay. Granted, I get that it's Vegas and everything is more expensive, but I don't think the food was THAT much better than other similarly priced restaurants. With that said, I do think that the food was very good and I really enjoy the ambience of the restaurant. I was at first a little weirded out by the Chinese/Mexican combo, but in reality the dishes aren't necessarily fusion dishes but half the menu is Chinese and half is Mexican, though there are little flourishes that would make it fusion. There were 3 of us and we each got a taco and a main dish. My taco had mushrooms and crispy pork skin in it, which was pretty good, and I also ordered a Mexican knife shredded noodle dish which had corn truffles and mushrooms. It was very tasty. My friends also ordered the Dan Dan mien which was very similar to traditional dan dan mien at a Chinese restaurant so I didn't see any fusion aspect to it, and we also ordered the steamed buns.
2	Not a fan went in for a quick $60 snack ! This place is not cheap portions are small. I wanted dim sum but they all had pork. I asked if there was one without pork and the guy told me beef. I ordered the vegetable dumplings that came out really bland and wet. They gave me soy sauce I asked if he had anything spicy to mix in brought out a sauce and charged me $2. I also had to ask three times for the sauce and I was sitting right at the bar stool infront of the guy. I would pass on this place definitely not worth it. The soup was also pretty bland.
4	Good food but the service could use some help.  I think the portion sizes could go up or the prices should come down.  You shouldnt leave a place hungry after spending $38.  I would rate them lower but I have had good meals here.
1	My friends and I wanted to have a great night out for her bachelorette weekend.  The service and food effectively put a damper on the entire night. Don't bother with this restaurant --go elsewhere. The food had the potential to be spectacular --but there was no real 'fusion' of the different flavors. I've been to Jose Garces restaurants in Philly and expected Chef Andres' restaurants to have innovative flavors and fusing of cultures.  I was wrong.there was a 'mexican' side and a 'chinese' side of the menu.  Both of which were adequate at best.  The Posole was the only thing we liked.  The salad was ok too. The moles and pipian had no resemblance to the rich and flavors we find in Mexico, or good Mexican food in Oaxacan restaurants.  All the tacos were extremely oversauced so you couldn't taste the meat.  the noodle dish we ordered tasted like they dumped the entire bottle of rice vinegar in it.  When we told the waitress, she scolded me and said 'that's how it's supposed to taste' to which I replied "actually no it's not --if you'd listened to us as we ordered you would realize you have a table who are familiar with the cuisine. " She agreed to take it back and off the bill. However when the bill came, she still charged us and I had to argue with her to take it off.  Oh and the 2 of us who ate that dish got sick later. It was hard not to notice that the wait staff was more attentive to all the white men around us. As a group of women of color --it was disappointing that we had to spend so much time finding our servers to make requests whether it was for more water or to make a complaint.   At $60 per person --we expect better service and to be treated with respect.
3	interesting food and small portions for $$$
3	Let me start by warning you it's VERY over priced. LOL. 1 taco is at least $5.50 I think. Food is kinda hit or mess. We had the cochinita taco, not bad but salty. The carnitas was WAY better. I believe that one is their best seller. We also shared the golden pigs. I was skeptical about eating a fried pork bun but it went really well with the condensed milk sauce. The other dish we tried was the dan dan mian. This dish was the most disappointing to me. The portion is pretty small, I didn't like the flavor and it was way too salty! We sat outside the restaurant and service was pretty good. They refilled water and kept checking on us and clearing plates. Not sure I would go back for the food though. Too pricey and not tasty enough when I feel like I can get better tacos and dim sum in Cali for way cheaper.
1	Malisimo y caro
5	I love this place, really pricey but good, every once on a while.Tacos are really traditional, as a Mexican u really appreciate that, i like barbacoa, carnitas tacos ,chilaquiles are awesome, be careful with the pan its really hot.Gazpacho,  is fresh fruit love it !Good service, definitely go back
5	We came here for lunch and loved it. Yelp had three stars but our experience was five. We had the guacamole (awesome!) carnitas and mole tacos. They also have a duck toungue taco called silencio. I laughed. I had a flight of tequila and enjoyed the sangrita, but the signature margarita with it's salt air was far better. Had a little kick, but it was awesome. At lunch on a Tuesday the service was quick and our server, Rich, was awesome.
2	Don't expect free chips and salsa at this Mexican restaurant. (I knows it's Mexican/Asian infusion so even free wontons and salsa would have provided some saving grace!) Expensive but doesn't deliver! Small portions come with hefty price tag. One small (not even Taco Bell sized) taco is $5.50. Extra $1 for dipping sauces. Expect to pay at least $30 for two drinks and at least $50 for two entrees.  Waiter was rude; he asked if I actually had a food allergy or was just trying to cut weight. Seriously?
3	This is a fusion I never expected - Mexican and Chinese, street food-style.Two separate bars surround different cooking apparatus - steam baskets filled with dim sum on one side, and grills for tacos on the other.The guacamole ($15) is fresh.  "When Pigs Fly" ($13+ for four) was nice but nothing spectacular.  The carnitas taco ($5+ for one) had an interesting twist with pork rinds on top.  Everything was good but not great.  The major downside is that it's just too pricey for the quick bites. Interesting but limited drinks.Fun to try once, but probably nothing I'd need to go back for.
1	I had an absolutely terrible experience here and I think it ruined the celebrity chef name too. This was last summer and I finally got around to writing the review. I still have the bad aftertaste in my mouth and I swore never to go back there again. EVER. I'd love to give them zero star if I could. The service: slow and inattentive. The communication between servers and chefs was terrible - our dish somehow went "missing" and we waited and waited, we didn't get any apologies for that. We ordered our drinks first hand, but the drinks came towards the end of the dinner. If we didn't remind them, we probably wouldn't have gotten them. Their guac was so bland and expensive. We mixed it with the salsa because it was that bland. I can make a better batch of guacamole for 10th of the price. The siu mai was just bad. Everything was so small and expensive for no apparent reason. I'm sorry I even wasted time and money on this place. Ok, maybe it's fine to go one time for the novelty of the Mexican/Chinese fusion idea, but definitely not worth the price. They made so many mistakes and failed to make up for it all! The waitress came and suggested that she was sorry, but please, we all knew she didn't mean any of it when she sounded and looked so irritated the whole time that I was complaining about the entire experience in front of her. I don't remember if I tipped, but if I did, I shouldn't have.
2	I was overly excited about this place, but the price doesn't reflect what you get. I mean what are two of the cheapest most common foods in the US? Chinese and Mexican.....and what two kinds of food can you usually get a lot of food for under $10? Chinese and Mexican.... so why would I pay $2 for chips, $2 for salsa, $2 for rice, and at least $15 for every other dish? I DONT KNOW!I mean the service was great but the food was lackluster.Over all a cool looking place that looks like it would fit between the South America and China expos at Epcot.
5	So I will never get a chance to eat at elBulli and I have to live with that. China Poblano was awesome. Yes, it is very pricey for the portions you get. We ordered the Queso Fundido (yum), Dancing Eggplant (beautiful presentation, so tangy and lively though they kind of went overboard on the bonito flakes), 20 Vegetable Fried Rice (delicious) and Dan Dan Mian noodles (this was absolutely outstanding; spicy pork and peanut sauce, fresh delectable noodles). We had water to drink and our bill for the two of us was $55, but we left full.The service is okay. Not overly friendly and two waiters stood by our table and talked about how hard they work and what money they made through almost the entire meal.
2	For those of you who do not know. This place serves smaller portions. So you may buy a $13 hot n sour soup and you'll get a bowl. I'm surprised that the fried rice here is $20 and it doesn't have meat. I didn't want to eat here cause I got a bad feeling about it. But my friends ordered the hot n sour soup and they ended up returning it because it was too expensive for the price.
1	My review from last night was deleted so am reposting:I don't typically take the time to write reviews, but I want to add to the other poor reviews of this place because they are correct.  Everything here is overpriced, very small portions and average quality food.  We tried a variety of dishes all on our waiter's recommendations and were not impressed.  We were assured it was family style servings, but the portions were actually $2 side dish sizes for $20+.  Cosmo has a lot of great restaurants, this is not one of them.
4	It's Vegas, people, so expect everything to be expensive.  This place is one that you would actually remember not for the price, but for the food.  It's a weird fusion of mexican and chinese.. weird, but it worked.  The drinks were awesome and STRONG; the food was delish and yummy.  Definitely a place to go for lunch/late lunch/dinner.
1	This is probably the worst restaurant I've ever been to.  I'm not a picky eater so that's saying a heck of a lot.  First of all I don't think you can come up with a poorer idea than Chinese and Mexican food.  2 of the most common food staples, you're really not gonna fool anyone with gimmicks west of the Mississippi. The only reason we found this place was because we were starving and saw Mexican food on the sign, and figured how can you go wrong.  Ordered a ginger ale and sprite which came in like 10 oz little bottles.  We looked at the menu and knew we were in trouble.  Just nothing you would expect from Chinese or Mexican food, and then the waiter explained the small portions.  Um small portions and Mexican food?  Yikes.  The servers were nice to us so we didn't want to be completely rude and just walk out so we ordered a house margarita and chips/salsa out of pity.  $30+ for 10 oz sodas, margarita, and chips.  Average margarita in a "small portioned" little glass for $15, wonderful lol.  A complete waste of time and money, took the loss and couldn't wait to get out of there.  Honestly I was just embarrassed to be there.I don't have a problem paying Vegas prices I get it, otherwise I wouldn't visit here.  But this place is nothing short of insulting, you can get dumplings and street tacos at home.  If you want atmosphere you're better off at a real lounge.  If you want good food, go to Chinatown.
4	Really great place. Def try the salt air margarita, individual street tacos, 20 veg fried rice, tuna cerviche and mango sticky rice for the finale!  This is good for a group so you can having a tasting!  There are many more great dishes but theses were my highlights!
2	Service was great! Food was to unique for me
3	good authentic Mexican. Good Chinese. good cocktails. However, for a place that brands itself in inventiveness, I expected more... Mary the cuisines, spice up some dumplings, throw some Peking duck into a taco, go crazy! But no... You get Mexican OR you get Chinese... If you want both, then you have to order both. The best attempt at this was a beef tendon (yes, tendon, not tenderloin) taco with a raw Kamotto oyster on it. Good, but not great (1 more oyster would have been nice. And while their at it, drop some spice in there too). Nice try Jose, but step it up.
4	I eat here every time I come to viva. Love the carnitas and the Barbacoa blew my mind!!
4	Keeping this a 4-star but if I was rating the Mexican food it would be a 3 star. Just come here for the Asian. Dan dan noodles are a must. Fried rice also delicious. Pork buns were tasty.I seriously would come back and eat those noodles every day though. They are a must try!And despite being a little buzzed our servers were extremely friendly!
2	There are some tasty things on the menu, but they're spoiled by the prices. I understand a restaurant has to make a certain amount of money for each plate, but this place was exceptionally over priced.Tacos were good, pork buns were tasty, and the chips and salsa were ok.Unless you're bent on going here, try another place. Quality to price ratio is out of wack.
3	The food is tasty but the portions on some dishes are definitely small. Tapas small. If this was a tapas restaurant, it would keep expectations in context. Keep that in mind when ordering. If you're hungry, it won't fill you up, but if you just need a snack or a light mean, it's definitely worth a try.
4	In town for the Stella and Dot conference, after our second day I was determined to eat here!  I am a huge fan of Jose Andres and could not wait!I perused the menu online and saw that they do take out which was awesome!!  I placed my order, I decided on the tacos de lengua, cooked in pasillas and a Saison DuPont (beer).  China Poblano is in the Cosmopolitan, a beautiful hotel and casino that is across from Planet Hollywood.  The restaurant is brightly colored, reds that invoke both asian and mexican influences.  The take out window is a nice touch and my food was ready!  The smells from the kitchen were enticing but I was surprised to not see the restaurant portion not completely packed.  The tacos were good, the meat was tender and cooked they my mom used to cook it!  The tortillas were nice I wish they put two, because they put so much meat into the tacos, a second one would've have helped!  I liked them, I wished it had more pasillas but it was good.  Jose Andres' Jaleo is wonderful, all of his tapas have wonderful flavor.  I was hoping the tacos would too, maybe if I went with the pork or lobster ones.I like China Poblano, next I will make a reservation and order an entree.  The selection of beers are great!  The Saison I had was delish and refreshing.  @JoseAndres you are a great chef and I love ThinkFood Group!
4	I was staying at the Cosmopolitan and while my friend napped, I decided to check out the hotel and maybe get a snack. I had done some research prior to the trip, and China Poblano was on my list of places to eat. And even though we had reservations for dinner in about 3 hours time, I stopped in kinda pigged out. I started with pork and shrimp fried won tons. These were melt in your mouth, savory deliciousness. They came with a sesame dipping sauce and they were just what I had hoped for. Because the menu is Chinese and Mexican food, I felt the need to try a taco too. I went with the setas taco, which is wild mushroom and guacamole. And also very tasty. To drink, I had one of the juices of the day, which was cherry. If I drank alcohol, I could've had that as a mimosa. When I was finished, I was presented a dessert menu. Now, I knew better, but they had churros, so I had to go for it. Those were decent and came with Mexican hot chocolate for dipping. I personally found the flavors didn't mix well, but others might think it's delicious. I ate the churros and drank the hot chocolate, win-win.China Poblano isn't cheap, but nothing within the walls of the Cosmopolitan is. I was on vacation and I didn't care. If you are on a budget, I'd take a look at the prices first, but I promise, it will be money well spent if you go for it.
4	In Vegas from L.A. Reviewing food.(service was great ).The tacos are really well executed:you can taste the ingredients and the housemade tortillas are supple and melt in your mouth with the filling.Not gonna list them all, but they were all excellent to our taste. The Huitlacoche "shaved pasta", needed salt .The pasta were nice though, with a great texture but the spiciness overwhelmed the dish.We still managed to finish the bowl.Shrimp Mojo was tasty,the flavors well balanced, although we thought they would have been nice served with an accompaniment .The must have to finish your meal: The sticky rice foam and mango.Their take on the classic Thai dessert (sticky rice and mango).When our waiter described it to us I was drewling! And It was beyond belief! I would go back just for that.
5	The first time I ate at this place, I went back twice on the same day.  And now every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure to make the time to eat at this place at least once.  Two favorite items on the menu are their tuna ceviche and Dan Dan Mian.  Both are to die for.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about how delicious their food is.  An absolute 5 star experience.
1	Do not waste your time or money.  On a recent trip to Vegas, my friends and I thought we would give China Poblano a try. We all thought the portions were very small and over priced. My taco order was served with my friend's order and I was not even offered a plate to place my order on. I can honestly say, it was the first time I have left an establishment feeling hungry. There are so may great places in Vegas to enjoy a meal. This is not one though.
4	So good! Chinese/Asian AND Mexican!?!? Great combo!I stopped here twice in one weekend for the same dish. Everyone I was with was very satisfied as well. Both times I ordered the Dan Dan Mian and loved every minute of it. Two of the guys I was with ordered the Chilaquiles con Chorizo and said it may have been the best Chilaquiles they've ever had. That's saying a lot from a guy that has lived his whole life in San Diego.I know that most of the places in the Cosmopolitan but this place is definitely affordable and worth it!
3	$19.88 for fried rice? It's 20 vegetable fried rice and it was good, not great, but 20 DOLLARS FOR FRIED RICE? Our bill was $105 for three tacos, one 6-piece order of tiny pot stickers, hot and sour soup, the fried rice, a noodle dish, one drink from the bar and two non-alcoholic beverages. OK food; good service. Small portions. Value for money not there.
4	I didn't really know what to expect from a Chinese/Mexican place, but I was happily surprised. One thing you should know, though: It's not a fusion place. There's Mexican dishes and Chinese dishes and a heartwarming anecdote about a Chinese girl getting kidnapped by the Spanish empire explaining the name of the restaurant. We had my baby nephew in tow . . . and he's a heartbreaker. So we got terrific service. A high chair, attentive service, helpful beyond the norm. Our server clearly knew the menu too and offered us lots of great suggestions. My one regret is not ordering more Mexican food. I was more intrigued by (and our server offered more suggestions of) the Chinese food. It was tasty . . . although we didn't love the dumplings: too much dough, filling was too sweet. The tacos that we ordered were awesome, though. We got the carnitas. Delicious, but way too small for the price. Wish we'd gotten more. All in all, I think it's a good bet. If you are a little adventurous, you can get a great meal for a not-too-bad price. Just bring a baby with you.
2	SMALLEST PORTIONS EVER! What is this? A restaurant for ants?!? Don't assume serving size is based on price. I had the world's tiniest har gau for $13. (Normal price at a dim sum restaurant for it would've been $2 or under.)  It says you can do family style, but some of the things on the menu are bowls of noodle soup and things that are hard to share.High prices, very courteous service but slooow, and heavy sauces on the food.  Kinda reminds me of PF Changs.  Eclectic/weird theme and decor with faces of Chinese and Mexican people flashing on the wall.  Overall good ambiance for groups, though the place just seems like its trying too hard to be something better than it is. If you're gonna drop cash on a nice dinner, I think there are better places.
2	My friends and I decided to eat here for dinner before heading to Marquee which was nice because the restaurant was straight across from the entrance. My boyfriend and I got some tacos and only one stood out.... I think it was called Viva China. Other then that the food was meh.... the famous fried rice was just ok... Also... Unless you LOVE vinager, DO NOT order the Huitlacoche Noodles! My friend ordered this dish and she mixed it, tried it, hated it... passed it around and we all tried it and it literally tasted like stuff soaked in vinegar. She told the waiter that she did not enjoy it and that we all tasted it and felt the same and the waiter told the manger who came by our table. The manager asked my friend, did you mix it?  and she said yes and he said something a long the lines of if you didn't know how to eat it, why did you order it and said there was nothing he could do.... really?!?!?!?!? we were a party of like 16 spending A LOT of money at your restaurant and he said he couldnt do anything for us???? wow.... 2 stars for convenience being right across from where we had to be/getting reservations for a large party 2 hours before showing up.... and 1 star for the Viva China... but I'd rather give 0 stars for the horrible customer service.
2	The concept of this place is crazy.  It's also bordering on criminal to charge $4 and up per taco regardless of how good the ingredients are.  The Chinese food well let's just put that aside. The tacos are pretty good but seriously these prices are absurd even by Vegas standards especially the portion size.  I can get tacos in many places in LA or OC for $1.25 that are many times superior (2 Guys, Taco Leo).  Taking aside these huge issues the tacos are good but not as authentic - I don't care how many abuelas you have making toritllas in the front of the house.The Chinese food is like a more authentic version of PF Chang but dim sum style.  Again the food is tasty but about 3x in price of much better stuff I can get in dozens of places in SGV. The Bazaar is great this place is just weird and expensive.
3	China Pablano (Cosmopolitan)Las Vegas Strip, NV4pm Tuesday 6th August 2013Three StarsI always get excited by dumplings and Asian/Mexican fusion but I am usually disappointed.  This place was no different.  The atmosphere was fun and had unique eye catching design elements.  The Negro Modelo was only $6 dollars which was cheaper than any other place.  We started with Chips and Guacamole for $15 which was good but I rather make my own.  I had a $5 Carnitas Taco with Pork Cracklings which was delicious.  I also had the Lucky 6 Pork Dumplings ($13.88)*, which had three different types with three different garnishes: Tobiko, Radish, & Gold Leaf.  The dumplings were overly salty and you can easily get better ones at any Chinatown restaurant.  I guess I was hoping that there would have been more fusion but instead it was just place to eat Mexican or Asian food. *(Six and Eight are numbers in Chinese culture related to wealth)
4	Had an amazing lunch here.  First off the decor is really neat.  You can sit at tables or one of two bars.  We sat at one of the bars and were able to watch the ladies make the Dim Sum.  Our waiter was really nice and helpful, he walked us through the menu, explaining that the food was not fusion, it was just both Mexican and Chinese.  I ordered the Salt Air Margarita.  I am very picky about Margaritas and I must say that this was the best one I have ever had.  The salt foam was fantastic.  Ok, so yes, the food is expensive but it is delicious, and its from a celebrity chef at a Las Vegas restaurant so what do you expect.  I still think it is worth the high price.  My husband and I each ordered a taco and shared two appetizers.  This was a perfect amount of food.  We each loved our tacos, I had the Tinga Poblana which was awesome, kinda like a gourmet breakfast burrito.  My husband had the Silencio, which was a duck tongue taco, he said it was great and the tongues had perfect texture.  We shared the When Pigs Fly Dim Sum which was a good steamed pork bun.  We also had the Chilaquiles, it was great and even better since we ordered a side of Habanero salsa, it was super spicy and awesome.  I would eat here again for sure!
3	We were seated pretty quickly as a table for 7 at 7pm without having a reservation by two very hospitable staff. After 4 days in Vegas, the first positive vibe I picked up on was that the front of house staff were very humble, gracious and genuine - a welcome change to the a few of the other restaurants we ate at. Despite the warm welcome, we were left sitting without a visit from a server for at least 10 minutes. And at most restaurants, this would be fine if not just slightly annoying. But here's why it was a much bigger problem at China Poblano: the menu and how/what you should order isn't easily decipherable without a bit of guidance (or having been there before). I'd suggest to the managers of CP to have the staff who seats you stick around for an extra :15 and give a one or two line spiel on how the menu is divided, portion sizes, what's shareable/not shareable, and recommended quantity of order per person. We all started to confuse each other and actually started to discuss leaving to go to somewhere that was a bit easier on our we're-in-vacation-mode brains. Our server came by just in time before we left and explained how it all worked, but then left and proceeded to give us another 10 minutes to ponder our life as well as our food order. He didn't take a drink order. So in the end, we sat for 20 minutes before we even get a drink order in. It's almost impossible to sit anywhere in Vegas for that long without being offered a drink. Orders go in and the food starts rolling out pretty much immediately. Highlights for me were:- Queso fundido- Lucky 6 Siu Mai- Gan pung ji chicken (table fave)- Carnitas taco- Chipotle salsaLowlights:- Viva china taco- Lamb pot stickers - Guacamole (tasty enough, but poor value)There were a few mix-ups with the service - some people didn't get their tacos till the rest of the table was pretty much done their food. I chalked that up to the shared-plates approach, but a bit more attention could have easily saved one upset and ignored diner. We were also missing a side of the "monk chilli sauce" which was ordered because we were - and still are - very curious as to WTF it would actually be. Loved the decor of the restaurant and felt that the music was very well selected. Not really sure about the choice to project a picture of Frida Kahlo up at the same time as Chairman Mao. When you take into account his political decisions were responsible for like 40-70 million unnecessary deaths,...  Maybe it's art or irony, I dunno. It certainly sparked a conversation at the table where we concluded that the designer was probably more into the superficiality of the icon of Mao, like Che, rather than the politics and the fact that he's pretty much one of the greatest modern mass murderers. And we're looking at him while eating. In Las Vegas. Ok, maybe it is irony. Unintentional irony? Moving along...TL;DR version: interesting spot, food was generally tasty, I found it priced pretty reasonably with a few exceptions. The menu could use a bit more explanation - ideally, immediately upon arrival - and the table service could be a bit tighter and attentive. I also think this menu would benefit from being slimmed down by a few items, and then perhaps divided by portion size.
4	All i have to say is order the 20 VEGETABLE FRIED RICE! Best thing you will ever eat in your entire life! So glad I tried it :)
3	It was 10:30pm and we needed to eat ASAP.  We really wanted to eat at Wicked Spoon but sadly, we got there at 10:03 and they close at 10pm.  So we walked around for 20 minutes through The Cosmopolitan trying to find anything that sounded good.  We found this place and it looked and sounded decent enough.  And who doesn't like a place where you can order both Asian and Mexican?After a short wait, we were seated and it seemed to take awhile to see our waiter and then get our orders in.  In the meantime, I ordered a salt air margarita.  It was super tasty but for $14, it was kind of teeny.  Especially when it seems the foam takes up 1/3 of the glass.  But it was a really superb margarita.My friend ordered the fried buns with the condensed milk glaze.  I wasn't sure about them but they were actually kind of amazing.  I ordered the chicken poblano taco and the lobster taco.  The poblano taco was really good.  I should've just ordered two or three of those and been done but the lobster taco sounded so enticing.  Um, not so much.  It wasn't great and at $10, it was highway robbery.  All the other reviews are right.  These tacos are all crazy overpriced and they're tiny.We ended with the sticky rice and mango dessert.  Not at all what I imagined but we still ate every last bite.This place isn't bad, it was just a let-down.  I had high hopes looking at the menu and was a bit underwhelmed by the food and overwhelmed by the prices.  I wouldn't say not to eat here, just know what to expect.
4	Awesome little place that hurt my brain trying to figure out how they would marry Chinese and Mexican foods. Presentation was fantastic and the happy party in my mouth was even better. The pork carnitas are to die for!
2	Apparently my expectations were tooooooo high.  Was told by foodies that this place was a must eat.  However my pool attendant said it wasn't.  First where is the "fusion"?  The menu had food from both places but nothing that mixed them.  The waiter said we had to have the best taco in the world...carnitas.  Being from San Diego it was just ok.  The salsa for it was worth the $5.  For the main course we got the Mongolian beef lettuce and Kao Lao Loa noodles.  We were told it was family style so it would be plenty of food.  If you consider 5 small pieces of beef and a plate full of lettuce enough then you are in the right place.  The one piece off beef I had was good.  Too bad they are too cheap to actually make it family style.  The worst part was the noodles.  When I order noodles I expect a plate full of noodles.  This was individual coils of noodles stood up on their end in a bamboo steam pot.  There was 20 noodles with a tiger dipping sauce.  I almost spit up up the sauce on the first bite.  Was like dirty water.  Way too much hype very little to actually eat.  I will never go back.
1	Way overpriced for shelf/canned food. Worst they don't even tell you that they charge extra for chips, guacamole, refills.
5	I go to Vegas several times a year, have eaten at restaurants galore in this city (yay, expense account!) and this restaurant has become my standard go-to.  Mexican and Chinese street food both done well.I dream of the Pozole Rojo soup here.  Out-friggin-standing.  The broth is rich, a little spicy, with big, huge chunks of pork.  Alongside you get a plate with avocado, finely sliced cabbage and some pork rinds.  I cannot express my love for this soup.  It is my meal of choice in this city.
3	I go to Vegas regularly and have been to many of the great restaurants.  Though China Poblano is not as costly as some, the price for what you get is costly.  Five fifty for    one taco that I can consume In 4 bites is a little high.  Though the carnitas is delicious, it is still not worth the price.  Same can be said for the 20 vegetable fried rice.  The chicken taco was ok but not memorable.  I think the 20 vegetables was match the price.  But then again, everything is a bit more In Vegas.
4	I think china poblano is a very solid 3 stars, I gave it a fourth star because our second visit was on the busiest night in Vegas...NYE and we had no reservation. They accommodated us quickly, although it was at the outside tables but that's fine by me...more people to watch. Our server was great, I have no complaints about the service. My husband & I ordered chips & salsa which were great, good seasoned chips, salsa was smokey and far from any pico de gallo. We also ordered 4 tacos...2 fish, 1 cochinita (BBQ Pork) and 1 carnitas. We've had the fish tacos before and they were delish...this time they were totally different. The fish wasn't very battered, and the salsa was way different. Definitely not as good this time around but still very decent. The other tacos were full of flavor but very small! We both said we could eat 4 more! So after the chips & salsa & 2 tacos each we were still hungry so we ordered dim sum. A 4 piece order of When Pigs Fly and they were a knock out. Very good. Now, a part of me wants to take a star off because of the high prices. This dinner was over $70 and I really couldn't justify paying more than $35-$40. You can't call this a full dinner. It was more like a lite bite before a concert type thing. The kicker was the 2 cokes my husband ordered during dinner. They came in glass bottles and are imported from Mexico. I've seen them at my local grocery store...they sell them 10 for $10. For all of you yelpers that are not math geniuses, that's $1 ea. China Poblano charges $5.88 each!! Holy coca cola! $12 on two cokes?! That's a little unreal. In a separate visit we ordered the 20 vegetable fried rice--as featured on one of those television food shows--and it was good not amazing. This is not a place I NEED to return to. But it's also not a place I would stay away from. Although, I might smuggle in my own Mexican Coca Cola next time.
3	Located in the Cosmopolitan is a bright great ambiance restaurant. Mexican and Chinese served together, tapas style . Earlier in the day i saw them making everything from scratch before the restaurant was open. Perfect for a group so you can taste a little bit of everything. Service is great we had our water up to the top the entire time.There is a good selection on the menu so it's hard to decide what to try. We started with the chips with salsa. Chips have a great seasoning on them and the salsa was a chipotle type. (both delicious.) I ordered the Golden Pigs it comes four pieces and is a soft bread with bbq pork inside served with a side of condensed milk to dip it in.  Sounds odd but the mix is delicious, we had the cochinita taco and the chorizo fundido which comes with fresh tortillas The Quesidilla Chicarron was good too.My one complaint would be the imported coca cola from Mexica at 5.88 in original bottle. All and all it was a great experience with delicious food and great service.
4	What a spectacular experience! From beginning to end, we had nothing but a yummy and hospitable welcome from China Poblano and its staff. This restaurant is located on the second floor of my very favorite Vegas hotel, the Cosmopolitan. The seating is comfy and somewhat communal with long benches and tables. The decor is chic and earthy. The drinks are spectacular...any of the cocktails are great. We loved the small dishes, especially the Tuna Ceviche and the Coctel de Damarones. Both of these dishes are unbelievable and the tuna and lump crab were plentiful! I was partial to the Mexican side of the menu but enjoyed everything we had. The noodles are a great selection for the Asian flavor. The Shrimp Mojo was simple but packed with flavor. The food is sultry and inviting, just like the atmosphere. You usually don't have to worry about reserving a table way in advance. I can't recommend China Poblano enough. You have to experience it for yourself. Enjoy!
5	This is an unusual and innovative restaurant. Their drinks are literally "out of this world." The food is solid and competent. The staff is helpful and friendly. Those of you who love a blend of vastly different food will love this venue.
5	I am always amazed with this restaurant.  This time I ordered from the Weekly Specials menu because there was an item I've seen before and heard about before but, had not tried, and it is only on this menu on occasion. I believe it was added to the Specials menu because it is a traditional Mexican treat that is designed with the colors of the Mexican flag, which are green red and white.  Mexican Independence Day is this week.It's the Chiles en Nogada!  The dish consists of a poblano chili stuffed with a "picadillo," which is usually meat spice and fruit.  In this case, it was pork.  the whole thing is covered with a creamy walnut sauce and topped with pomegranate seeds!  It was the best meal I've had all week!
4	My work group of 5 had a reservation for a Friday afternoon and there was no wait time. I love the color scheme and the fact that everyone spoke to us as we walked in. I ordered Chilaquiles, which had an authentic taste and just the right heat. Two of my co-workers ordered the infamous Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice. I was a little hesitant because I am not a big fan of fried rice, but it was amazing! Very distinct flavors. A major advantage to this restaurant is the vegetarian options. The only disadvantage, which has nothing to do with the food is the seating options. Although most people are in Vegas on vacation and wearing casual to club wear, it was a little difficult to get in and out of the bench style seating in a *work appropriate* length dress :(.On a positive note, our waiter Josue' was very attentive to our needs and made excellent recommendations.
2	My friend and I came here for an early dinner after spending all day at the pool. The concept of Mexican and Chinese fusion was enticing, but unfortunately it was poorly executed. The spring rolls and potstickers tasted like something you could get at a fast food Chinese food. The queso dip was slightly better but still pretty average. Overall, I was not impressed, and will not be back.
4	I'm a fan and I'll be back. Staying in the Cosmo, I had to check this place out, and I'm glad I did.  Cochinita is a win. Carnitas tacos also a win. For the Asian side I got wheat noodles with spicy pork sauce and peanuts- delicious. The noodles were definitely the highlight of the meal!  The queso was not great (although the homemade tortillas were), so i'd pass on that next time.  Service was excellent and the overall ambiance is very nice for such a small place.
3	China Poblano is a bright, fun, casual restaurant. Seriously, it is a carpeted wall away from being an ecstasy-lover's dream. Chinese and Mexican small plates is the name of the game here. They have a healthy list of tacos. Being a self-appointed taco aficionado, this was a welcomed sight. Unfortunately, the two I tried (Viva Chine & Carnitas) missed a mark a bit, but were still solid. However, when you are dropping five bucks on a taco, you are looking for a bulls-eye. The tuna ceviche, on the other hand, was dynamite. I am not a huge ceviche fan, but the server recommended it, so we gave it a whirl. Marcus was dead-on with this suggestion. We also tried the 20 vegatable fried rice, which was alright. Overall, the dishes were interesting and varied in tastiness. The food was quality and intriguing enough to warrant another visit sometime in the future.
4	This place was pretty wonderful.  We stopped in, after having received a coupon for a free drink when purchasing a drink...ok ok-twist my arm, I'll come by.  The mix of Mexican and Chinese was quite fun.  On one side you have people making tortillas on a flat top, the other has people prepping and primping dim sum.  We sat at the bar on the dim sum side (being from San Antonio I've seen more than enough tortilla prepping).  Our waiter was great!  Explained everything in detail regarding the menu and how everything works.  His knowledge was extensive and much appreciated.  He also informed us they were featured on Food Network, which I didn't know but made it that much cooler.  The tacos we had were amazing.  They are pricey small bites but damn they were good.  Suffice it to say, I will be back, even without the free drink coupon.
4	went here to find out how chinese food and tacos go together, and i liked what i found.
4	Good food! A fun place to dine in and grab quality food fast. The dumplings are handmade in front of you and steamed or fried. I've been to so many dim sum restaurants in LA, OC, SF, NY, etc. but this place was up there with great flavor using fresh ingredients. We were also surprised with the Mexican dishes. The Carnita Tacos were probably the best I've ever had. Kinda expensive but well worth it. $5.50 each. The noodle dish that we had wasn't great but not bad either. I will definitely come back and try other creative dishes!
2	The food here was pretty good.  I really liked how they mixed Chinese and Mexican food together on one menu, I thought that was pretty cool.  The service was good too! The only thing I really didn't like was the portion size.  I felt like it was super small for the price.  I came here with a friend and we split the Dan Dan noodles and an enchilada dish.  The food was good, but we were still hungry after we left.  I recommend the non alcoholic drink on the back of the menu ( I think it was called fresca?) it was good, but a little overpriced.
5	I've had nothing but great experiences the few times I've eaten here. The Chinese and Mexican food have been tasty and I have never left unsatisfied. The fact that you can get so many flavors and dishes in one sitting is awesome. Drinks have been amazing too and this place has been nothing short of an adventure each visit. Thanks for the hard work you put into every dish and can't wait to visit again.
1	Avoid this restaurant at all costs - because that is all it will do COST.  We went with a group of eight and the bill was insane for insanely small portions.  I ordered the 20 vegetable fried rice with chicken.  The vegetables must have been diced to a miniscule size, because I couldn't find all those vegetables  AND at $34 with tax and tip - not worth it.  The tacos are also so small- 2 bites.  Our friends ordered dessert and I laughed out loud when the waiter put it down.  It was a tablespoon sized portion.  The total bill came to about $400 and we were STILL hungry.  I've had amazing meals at commes ca and Milos both at the Cosmopolitan.  This restaurant was embarrassingly expensive and of inferior quality and can't even be discussed in the same breath.  Oh by the way everyone at our table had no problem spending a lot on a good mean, which we did the following night at Milos.  We just don't like being robbed for a shit meal.
4	This joint is pretty vegetarian friendly. Good fusion of Chinese/Mexican food and scenery.
2	Way overpriced for average, at best, tacos. We were in a bind to find a somewhere to eat since everything was fully booked.  I had high expectations because I the associated chef's name, but clearly this is a perfect example of throwing a famous chef's name on a restaraunt to boost sales but not actually generate food representative of the chef's talent. The flavor of all the items we tried was lacking. Never mind the missing expected complexity in flavor, they didn't even have a basic salty spicy flavor. What gives? For these prices I expect something better than average, and that's why the rating drops to 2 stars.
3	The food was great and the service was good. We tried a little of everything, but the highlights were the Shrimp Mojo (recommended by our waiter, and definitely one of our favorite dishes of the night), Dancing Eggplant (we thought an eggplant dish would be boring, but it was out of this world), and the Lucky 6 Sui Mai. Other highlights were the guacamole and the tuna ceviche (both pretty unoriginal in terms of concept, but when prepared as perfectly as they were, you take notice). This restaurant does get expensive, especially for alcohol -- that accounted for half of our bill. I would recommend eating here, but drinking elsewhere.
4	Great atmosphere and a really fun blend of Mexican and Chinese. Interesting concept and many of the dishes seemed quite inspired. Food portions are small and quite expensive. The lotus chips were good, the eggplant and seta taco was okay, but the vegetable friend rice was top notch. We had a great waitress too, who was really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She was bit robotic in her run down of the menu (she gave the same exact speech to the party next to us 5 minutes later), but was attentive and gave us good recommendations. The food also comes out fast, which is a plus.
3	Stopped in here to munch before having cocktails at The Chandalier. Lotus chips and habanero salsa are a match made in heaven. Fish tacos and bean tacos were good... Glass noodle salad is refreshing but overpriced and not filling.This is tapas style, so be prepared to order a lot to feel satisfied... Which gets pricey ( but it's Vegas, so you knew that, right?) Great snacks or appetizer option before hitting the town!
3	I liked the atmosphere but there aren't many vegetarian options, other than the 20 ingredient fried rice.  I was informed by our server that the bean and cheese taco isn't veg friendly as it is cooked in lard. Bummer!  I know the airy margarita came highly recommended, however it tasted like a cloud of salt and made me extremely thirsty.  Seriously, after a few sips, I could not drink enough water to get rid of the "thirsty" feeling.  Don't say I didn't warn you.
4	Went here for a pre-concert dinner a couple weeks ago. Got to say, love the ambiance and funky decor of the place!The service was very friendly and knowledgeable but really really slow. It was a Sunday night, and busy, but it was no excuse to take more than 10 minutes to get our first cocktails.The cocktails are so fun! Go for some of the margaritas and specialty drinks. We also had a flight of excellent tequilas. If you like tequila, this is the place to go.We were trying to eat light before our concert so my husband and I each opted for one taco. He got the duck tongue taco and I got the oyster +lychee taco combination. Both tacos were excellent. Very interesting flavor combinations. Following our tacos we got a plate of the lamb wontons. They were delicately folded and full of lamb goodness. Beautifully presented!Lastly, we shared an epic churro dessert. The churros were worth it. Each one was crispy, fluffy and best dipped in the Mexican hot chocolate sauce. This is a great place to come for some interesting small plates, good atmosphere...but don't be in a hurry to get out!
4	I had visited China Poblano a few years ago on a visit to vegas and had such fond memories I had to go back. I love all of Jose Andres' DC restaurants so naturally I had to visit one of this Vegas restaurants. There was no wait for a party of one to get seated at the bar (30-45 minute wait for parties of 2-4). Sitting at the bar is the way to go if you are dining alone! The bartender was very attentive, he quickly took my drink order and made suggestions for my food order. I personally love the salt air margaritas (I opted for pomegranate, yum!). The foamy salt never mixes with your margarita so you just get a lovely taste of salt with every sip, less salty than big chunks of salt on the rim of the glass in my opinion.The Bartender said the Dan Dan Mian was one of their most popular dishes and that the shrimp mojo was a personal favorite so I went with those 2 items for dinner. I really enjoyed the Dan Dan Mian, the noodles were the perfect texture and it wasn't too spicy for a spice wimp like me. The serving size is a little small so you may want an appetizer to go with it. The seasoning on the shrimp was really delicious, though a little on the salty side. I'll definitely be back, hopefully I won't be traveling alone next time because there are so many dishes that would be great for sharing!
3	We stopped in here for quick bite. The pomegranate margarita is delicious but small. The guacamole was fresh and made to my spiciness level. The chips served with it were warm and a good thickness. There was however a hair in my friend's ceviche. The staff was extremely apologetic, took the item off the bill, and gave a us a free desert. Finding hair in your food is disgusting but honestly it's bound to happen from time to time and the staff handled the situation perfectly. I would eat here again.
5	Definitely unlike anything I've ever had before. My roommate works here & I'm glad she knew exactly what to order! There was a lot of good looking things on the menu! I can't wait to go back!
1	If you want to pay way to much for mediocre food and small portions then this place is your nirvana!The $15 guacamole should have been a tip-off ... the waiter swore it was THAT good...so we gave it a try.  I'd say at best it might be slightly above average.  Unless its amazingly hard to truck an avacado into Las Vegas though, at $15 for an avacado, some lime, and a tomato they are making a killing on this dish.Next up, salt and pepper tofu. This dish is best described as bland and unsatisfying. I love me some good tofu - but good this was not. Basically it was 4 pieces of tofu doused in corn starch and fried. Seasoned with some salt and pepper. There was a small chile garnish, but it was pretty bland and didn't give the tofu any flavor.  $12.88 for that gem of a dish. Disapointing.The waiter raved about the famous fried rice, featured on food network, yada yada. I was really looking forward to it... It was ok. I appreciated that the vegetables were nicely, uniformly diced up for texture, but man it was HEAVY. Very greasy dish.  Again for $20 I expected something a bit more sophisticated. My wife had Gan Pung Ji Chicken, which to her was a big bunch of averageness for $23.00. Another annoying thing about this place is they bring your food out at random times. That meant my wife was done with her entree before I was even served mine. The waiter explained this was just how their restraurant worked. WHAT?! Why? It makes no sense. What kind of restraurant thinks that is normal?Definitely would under no cirumstances eat here again. There are a lot of other choices in vegas that provide MUCH better food and MUCH better service at a MUCH better price. To summarize, if you are in Vegas and want to throw away some money. You can either hit the tables or hit china pablano. The tables are a lot more fun and at least there is a chance you may come out ahead. At china pablano however you are gauranteed to be a loser.
5	Great food and service. They're clearly branding themselves as not being a fusion restaurant, but a restaurant that serves Mexican and Chinese dishes, of which the flavors compliment each other. It's not your typical sit down restaurant and that's fine with me. We had duck tongue tacos, carnitas tacos, fried rice, dan dan noodles, and some pork pot stickers. The pot stickers were very juicy inside and crispy outside, but the flavor was nothing special. Everything else was exceptional. Also ask for the hot sauce. It was a nice touch.
1	I have eaten here about 6 times now.  The level of service and food quality and gotten worse each time.  My last visit I was terribly disappointed!  The bill was $442 and we were still hungry afterwards.  I would no recommend this place at all.  Another problem with this place is the hosts always put the customers in the same section instead of utilizing the entire restaurant.  So annoying.All in all, food tastes bad and the portion sizes are very small.
4	Great experience yet again.  Love the chicken lettuce wraps with crispy sweet potato straws! Very good! Got the wheat noodles with spicy pork/peanut sauce again.. i think its call Dan Dan Mian?  Anyways, it was delicious! Very spicy, but soooo good. Couldn't stop eating!  Everyone else loved their tacos.   I've never had to wait here and the service is wonderful.
1	Way over-priced. I hate the feeling of being gypped. That's how I felt after eating at China Poblano. It's pricey and food was blah to say the least. We ordered the Happy Family Potstickers $13 for 6 pieces. The frozen bag from my local Asian market tasted way better. We also ordered the Ten Treasure Soup $18 - can you say bland? The last thing we ordered was When Pigs Fly - $14 for a small steamed bun with bbq pork - tasty but so small, it was gone in three bites. For these prices, I would have been OK if taste was good, but we were neither satisfied, nor happy. We actually had to eat a couple slices of pizza after just to feel full. I'm not a big girl - 5'2" and 110 pounds. Are you paying for the name of the chef or a meal?? Nope. We're not going back - EVER!
3	Very delicious tacos, albeit more expensive than your standard food truck taco. Ambience is very casual. Jose Andres is a god of Spanish cuisine having introduced jamon iberico to the U.S. and innovated via molecular gastronomy but Chino Poblano did not deliver against my expectations.We ordered many dishes. The chips and salsa were one of the more memorable non-taco dishes. The carnitas with chicarrones wet yummy and the lobster tacos were a novelty. There are many restaurants in Las Vegas on the strip that provide a more memorable atmosphere and food.
4	I loved the more casual atmosphere at this location and the fact that it's tucked into the Cosmo so you don't have a huge crowd coming in off the strip. The 'air margaritas' were strong and tasty. They may look small, but they're powerful. It was hard to choose from the menu because so much sounded wonderful. Ended up with chips and salsa, the habonaro salsa (major heat), chicken flautas, and a lunch special that was pretty much equivalent to a ham quesadilla. All so tasty! I didn't think we'd have time for dessert, but the sticky rice sans rice was calling to me.. Awesome way to end a meal- light, sweet, full of flavor. The fresh mango adds just enough sweetness to the dish. I could have eaten here everyday!
3	The Cosmo is one of the most hip and happenin' spots on the strip.  China Poblano is a great place to eat and share interesting fusion dishes before continuing on with the night.  The service is snarky, prices are high for what you get, and the ambiance is pretty loud but hey, It's Vegas.  It's fast and easy and...well...HIP!
1	We came here prior to running the Vegas marathon thinking we could get our fill of carbs and grub on something original... Nope.The menu is overpriced and the portions are atrociously small. It's a shame because the food is actually decent and the service was great- but come on guys, you're feeding humans. Barbie would spend a small fortune here and still leave hungry.Skip it and head to the silver spoon buffet down the hall instead- you'll get twice the amount of food at half the cost.
1	My beef isn't so much the  actual taste of the food it's more like the portion and cost.  I know, I know after all this is Las Vegas so everything is priced three times what it usually should cost. It is completely beyond me how people can charge this much for food. During this particular visit I arrived with seven other guests three of which were menly men (like these boys could eat). One of them even asked which is your largest meal and the waiter responded with Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice. Judging by it's miniture size I doubt it actually had twenty vegetables it was probably named that cause it cost close to twenty dollars! Next up is the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich it is braised red pork in a chinese flat bread. It was tasty but a bit on the salty side and was almost half the size of my iphone! Then my hunny and I split the Shrimp Mojo per the waiter's recommendation. It was packed full or flavor and mouthwatering good. It was $16 for eight pieces.Again my complaint isn't towards the taste or quality of the food mainly the portions. The service was good we were seated within 10 minutes for a party of eight while other places had hour long wait times. The restaurant decor and arrangement was very chic and trendy. But after loosing my butt in the casino I doubt I'd be able to pay for a substantial lunch here!
2	pretty much horrid.this is NOT fusion food.  it's basically chinese food juxtaposed with mexican food.the waiter asked us if we wanted chips and salsa and we said yes, like we would at any other mexican restaurant.  little did we know we'd be paying $4.poor ger-ger wanted guacamole not having seeing the menu and didn't realize it cost $15!  extra chips?  another $2shu mai that taste like it came from costco, six little pieces, $14.what a rip off.never again.
5	The only thing bad about this place is the price.  I have no clue why they get only 3 stars.  This place politely served my wife and I the best brunch we have ever had.  I mean PERFECTLY poached quail eggs nesting on exquisite dumplings . . . . um yeah . . . I want some more!Their cocktails were phenomenal and way out-of-the-box!  Matcha tea in a cocktail, and it's amazing . . . this place gots it going on!!!
1	This place is terrible. Everything is ultra salty, horribly tasteless, and completely overpriced. The only edible thing were the tacos, but it was definitely not worth the $$. Not only was the food a huge letdown, the service also sucked! The waiter was not friendly and kept pressuring us to buy the most expensive items on the menu. I love both Chinese and Mexican foods so the concept of the restaurant had a lot of potential, but China Poblano definitely didn't deliver on the culinary experience. Unfortunately, the only things going for this place are the cool/weird decor and interesting concept.
2	Although they provide great service, I have always thought this place is overrated. I tried it a second time a couple of weeks ago to give it another chance. My first experience with their food left me questioning how they can get away with these outrageously high prices and the food being just average. This time around we opted out of ordering tacos as I get way better tacos at Tacos El Gordo for half the price. I was craving soup so we ordered posole as a starter as well as chips & salsa, chicken flautas, 20 vegetable fried rice, and dan dan noodles. The posole was salty and the soup thick. I had to ask for more lime to offset the saltiness. The vegetable fried rice is good but not at $19. I don't think I can see myself coming back unless there is nothing else available if I'm staying at the Cosmopolitan.
4	always going to be one of my favorite spots. forever and ever. havn't ordered anything i didn't like.
2	My reason for two stars was based on how excessively greasy the food is. How are steamed Sui mui  dumplings greasy? The  fried spring rolls were  super greasy, but at least we knew that was a possibility since they were fried. I did not expect my mushroom tacos to be dripping grease. Add this to the small portions and high prices mentioned by others and I would suggest you would be better off else where.
3	Wonderful fusion of Chinese and Hispanic food. Went with party of 6, We all tried different tacos and loved them. We had quite a few of the specialty cocktails (very good, very expensive). Service was solid, but informal/casual. A great place for lunch, but would likely go elsewhere for dinner. The suggested vegetable fried rice  was underwhelming, but the suggested dumplings were great. A solid 3 stars.
4	I discovered this restaurant after viewing a recommendation by Anthony Bourdain, so while a friend was in town we decided to come check it out. It's located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is one of my favorite places on the strip. Upon arrival we were greeted by a friendly hostess and offered our choice of the bar (which allows you to watch them work on tortillas from the open kitchen) or a table.  I felt for Vegas fine dining this place was pretty affordable.Miller D was our server he was quick to greet us with a smile and I believe could tell we were unclear on if we should try a drink. He recommended the Sueno Cocktail which comes with a spicy salt rim. He was kind enough to do Half/Half in case we were a fan of the spicy kick it offered. Both my friend and I really enjoyed the drink.The main thing I was dying to try was this taco that I read about called The Viva China Taco , but we also ordered a Happy Family Jiaozi  (delicious pot stickers with amazing flavoring)and Golden Pigs ( Fried Pork Buns) and some Beijing Glass noodles(cold noodle dish with avocado and jicama for an interesting twist). Overall I LOVED EVERYTHING except that Taco I wanted so badly to try. When it first arrived I took a bite of the Beef Tendon alone and it was delicious but when taking a bite of the taco all together with the oyster on top I felt like the ocean had thrown up in my mouth. It just wasn't a good combo for my pallet. Maybe I got a bad oyster I don't know but overall it was an experience I will not quickly forget.Everyone at the restaurant was super friendly and our drinks were always full. The only reason I have to deduct a star is I somehow was overcharged $20 on my bill. Thankfully my friend encouraged me to keep my receipt and I am dealing with that situation but I definitely feel like this place is worth checking out! I left feeling satisfied and excited to go back to try some more cool fusions.
3	When I stumbled on this little gem my first thought was "is the chef mad, a genius, or a mad genius to have a Chinese Mexican restaurant?"  Turns out he is a rather clever fellow that has created a nice little place. The food is very good. A little over priced. But good. I had the Duck Tongue Taco. Yes you read that right. Duck Tongue. It was well interesting.  Also had some sticky buns which were freaking fantastic. I don't know if I'd go out of my way to eat here again but I  glad I tried it once. Plus the service was excellent.
3	I was looking forward to seeing what this place had to offer as I've walked by it a lot but never had a chance to try it.  The place didn't really live up to the expectations.  I had the ten treasures noodle soup which was nice to have after a night of drinking in the Vegas desert.  I also tasted the cheese fondido with chorizo but it was just an overly salty goop.  My friend ordered the Shrimp Mojo and it was adequate but nothing to write home about. The pork steamed buns were overly sweet and really on the small side. Probably not worth a second visit given all the choices in town.
2	The only reason for the 2 stars versus 3 stars is the pricing.  Yes, it is Vegas.  Yes, it is the Strip.  Yes, it is the oh-so-trendy Cosmopolitan. But, sheesh...it's Chinese and Mexican food.  $5.50 each for a teeny-tiny appetizer tacos(albeit with gourmet filling and hand-made tortillas - the corn for the masa was hand-picked one at a time by specially trained Capuchin monkeys!)...I think we paid $10 for a grilled eggplant (yes, that's singular eggplant).  The food was good, but not extraordinary.  Recommendation:  If you just made a killing on the casino floor and have a Benjamin to burn, do come here.  Otherwise, it's quite ordinary.  For a couple of retirees like us, it's just too expensive and too 'hip'....of course, our son came here with friends and raved about it.  I guess it's a generation thing!
2	Very good food but you can get do much better value.  The portions are freakishly small for the prices.  The lunch menu torta was decent value.  Don't get me wrong great flavors but expensive and not worth it.  Go next store and get an amazing burger
3	I'm almost not quite sure what to say about this place. I wanted to love it, I love the concept, the layout, and obviously the location (Cosmo) but at least from my first trip I was unimpressed. I'd say 3.5 stars would be more than fair.Service- our waiter was a little short, kinda kept looking at us like ware idiots wasting his time. Obviously he was more interested in the party of 12 he was also helping... Food- only went for a light meal..Dan Dan Mian- by far the best thing we had. Super spicy and definitely interesting flavones. I would order again..Hot n sour soup- GROSS. Had the worst consistency and made me feel like I was holding spit in my mouth. Flavors weren't good, disappointed as I really wanted soup.Street pork bun- tasted like soap? Not sure what was up with it but for 8 dollars the thing was no more than 2-3 inches. Left a weird bad taste in my mouth. Overall I wasn't thrilled on my meal. Will I return? Well seeing as the Cosmo is the only place to stay in my eyes, I may end up giving it another shot.
4	This was a happy surprise. This restaurant blends Chinese food and Mexican food. It's really tasty. Have the eggplant flakes. They have Olvido flex on top. As the heat his the flakes the flakes dance . It's amazing.
1	The food is good. But the served amount is too little compared to the price. And the soup is too salty. Please, go to other places for Chinese food.
3	Its fair. Feels like a dim sum style place, ie order a few menu items and share bc portions are for sharing amongst people. I would come here for tacos that seems to be the best deal here.
2	Errr.. This place is sort of like me I guess - am i Chinese, Indonesian or American? China Poblano is having an identity crisis. The place is built and decorated quite nicely. It's very attractive. However, their menu is confusing. Yes, fusion can be great but this place is not fusing anything together. The menu is basically divided into either Mexican or Chinese. There's nothing thats Mexican AND Chinese - nothing like carnitas filled steamed buns or wonton tacos. You know what I mean....The only thing that was edible is the Twenty Vegetables fried rice. Their wonton noodle soup is meh. My friend's Mongolian beef is so strange - it's more like salad with little pieces of beef tossed over it. Ha ha Anyways, service is okay and I still need to figure out why they overcharged my debit card...not very happy with this. Tsk
1	Do not eat here, nasty food.$5.00 for a chicken potato taco.$14.00 for 6 shu mai$2.00 for hot sauce.... I wouldn't even come back for .99 cents
2	I think that Jose Andres must have been smoking weed when he thought of this restaurant concept.  He probably got the munchies and thought, damn I need to get me some greasy ass Chinese food or Mexican food.  It would be great if there was a place that served both. Bingo!Then he sobered up the following day and created the menu as well as the prices.  It takes the clarity of corporate gluttony to take well-loved comfort food that is cheap and then charge more than 4 times the norm for it.  And it takes an idiot like me who will walk in and pay for it.  So I'm gonna call you out right here, Jose.  You have had me shell out tons of my hard earned money at your other establishments for fantastic cuisine that clearly distinguished you from your peers as well as served as an homage to your roots training under Adria Ferran of El Bulli. But you won't fool me again in ordering your f***g pathetic excuse of $25 fried rice. I felt like I was eating at Disneyland or at the airport.  Yes, I know that high quality ingredients adds cost.  But the food should taste better than the fried rice dish my sister made for me when she learned to cook at 9 years old..not an exact replica.But the tacos here are pretty good, despite the sticker shock.  Chilaquiles are also good, but probably not as good as you mom made them, unless your mom was Chinese.  But that is what everything more or less tastes like here.  Mexican food like it was done by a Chinese chef, and Chinese food like it was done by a Mexican chef. Somewhat creative, good quality ingredients, but lacking the comfort that we expect these foods to provide.But I would definitely not classify this place as fusion cuisine. It is more like what you get when you come across a Lousiana Fried Chicken - Hong Kong Express joint.  Just whatever you do, don't get the fried rice.  Curiosity killed the cat on this one.
1	The only thing this place has going for itself is the cleanliness of the restaurant.  The portions are utterly small and at outrageous prices.  I had the egg Noodle wontons and I was very disappointed.
4	As a concept, China Poblano is classic Jose Andres. The tapas-style menu is perfect for groups and a good selection of Mexican street food and Cantonese dim sum staples will offer something for everyone. However once price comes into the equation, things get a little worrying.China Poblano does a few things very well. It's hip, casual atmosphere is right at home at the Cosmopolitan and the quick service and sharing nature of the food make it a good lunch spot. The Good: China Poblano's tacos are easily the highlight of the menu. The braised beef barbacoa and chicken with chorizo are delicious options, but keep in mind they are quite small. The chilaquiles are another highlight with a bright tomatillo salsa and lots of melted cheese. The service was fast and friendly and the waitstaff were good about explaining each dish.The Bad: For as good as their Mexican options are, China Poblano struggles more with the Chinese side of the menu. The Mongolian beef salad was described as lettuce wraps on the menu, only when it arrived we discovered that wasn't the case. The beef came laden with a corn syrup sheen found only at the very best bad Chinese spots and it was very tough to chew. The restaurant's prices are high, too high for what you're getting. China Poblano is clearly catered towards to street food crowd and over $6 for a taco (2-3 bites) is too much.Andres is doing great things for gastronomy throughout the world and while the Mexican food at China Poblano is excellent, you pay a bit too much for the Andres stamp of approval.
5	At first we were skeptical of the Chinese/Mexican combination, but it was delicious and flowed effortlessly from dish to dish. For five of us, we ordered 6 dishes and a taco each and it was the perfect amount of food. The chips and guac was really amazing, but so was everything we ordered. Our best meal in Vegas!
1	This place should be avoided at all costs!  Expensive, small portions and underwhelming flavor on all dishes.  Only tried the asian food here, but everything was unacceptable!The food-portions are TINY; consider everything you order as an appetizer sized.  flavor-where did it all go?When Pigs Fly-came out warm not hot.  no unique flavor to speak of.  Dan Dan Mian-joke!-no flavor; nothing special;tinyDancing Eggplant-1 asian eggplant-unimpressed sauseTwenty-Vegetable Fried Rice -more like steamed rice.  no flavor.  worse than what your white friends can dish upRou Jia Mo Street Sandwich-soo bad bun was the best partService-none to speak of.  Couldn't fill my glass.  unattentive and clearly didn't give to be there.  The good-view of people cooking?-if your into thatok-bad-everything from the service to the food and flavor.  if you like tiny expensive unfavorable portions this place is for you
4	One of my favorite spots for lunch in Vegas! I love the atmosphere. It's festive and fun without being loud and obnoxious. Their salt air margaritas are absolutely to die for, and my friend has been re-creating them perfectly for at least a year. It takes some work to make the "air," but it's totally worth it! One of my favorite drinks anywhere.The concept of Mexican-Asian fusion seemed a little bizarre to me at first, but there is plenty of separation on the menu if you are not an adventurous eaters. It's fun to mix and match Mexican and Asian small plates and go between.I have been here 3 or 4 times, and have tried a variety of dishes. Almost every dish is a small plate or appetizer, and my friends and I always get a variety of options to share. The guacamole is outstanding, and there are plenty of gluten free options (including the chips), which pleased my gluten free friends. When Pigs Fly is one of my favorite appetizers. The steamed buns are super filling, but delicious.I would recommend trying at least one of the sui mai options, and if you are indecisive, try the combination! The Dan Dan Mian noodles are delicious, but definitely on the heavy side. The twenty-vegetable fried rice is also a go-to, especially if you are feeling the need to eat more vegetables during your time in Vegas!This is a perfect spot to try with friends and explore different menu items, including the must-have salt air margaritas.
4	We returned to this restaurant during our December 2013 visit.  We were not disappointed.  We shared Queso Fundido, Beijing Glass, When Pigs Fly, Happy Family, Mongolioan Beef Lettuce and Pato Pasilla.  Each dish was wonderful.The waiter convinced the two birthday girls at the table to get the Mango Rice dessert.  It was amazing.  Puffed rice, mango, whipped topping and other delights.  Not a disappointed diner amongst us.
1	There's no Mexican-Asian fusion going on in this restaurant, except that the 2 menus and decor are intertwined. It's almost like someone could not decide if they wanted to open a Mexican restaurant or Chinese restaurant, so they decide to open both in the same space, with separate kitchens. I love both Mexican food and Chinese food, but this is neither here nor there. Two cuisines that are normally best in a hole-in-the wall spot, and inexpensive - this is just the opposite: overpriced and mediocre.We ordered everything family style and tried to get a good mix of both Mexican & Chinese food:Blood Orange Chile Pequin Margarita ($15) - I liked this margarita a lot. I don't care for the taste of tequila, and the blood orange seemed to mask this well. It had a spicy kick to it, but not so spicy that it was undrinkable.Guacamole & Chips ($15) - Handmade, and delicious, but the price is about double what I would expect to pay for fresh guacamole. Chips were light, crispy and fresh.Tacos (about $5 each) - I'm used to dollar tacos (maybe $2) at a taco truck. I got the Tinga Poblana and it was good, but unless I'm expensing my meal to work, I would pass on this - much too expensive for tacos.Lamb Potstickers Stuck on You ($12.88) - 6 pieces - This was probably one of my favorite dishes of the night. The lamb inside was tasty and I liked the crispy lace (sweet onions) design on the dish. Would recommend this.Sui Mai ($13.88) - 6 pieces - The only cool thing about this were the gold flakes on top. The rest was just okay, and tasted heavy on the ginger. At a normal dim sum restaurant, you can get 4 sui mai's for $4 that taste better.Dan Dan Mian ($12) - Wheat noodles and spicy pork sauce - This was definitely spicy, nothing that blew me away though. At least the price was reasonable for the portion-size.Col de Bruselas ($12) - These are on the acidic side - tasted really limey. I wouldn't get this again.Shrimp Mojo ($18) - 8 pieces of shrimp = $2.25 per piece of shrimp. Sauce was good, not too spicy, this was one of the better dishes we had.Bistec con Mole Amarillo y Hongos ($20) - Grilled hanger steak with mole - there were about 6 sliced pieces of steak - again, with the small portions. It was one of the better tasting dishes we had, but expensive.All in all, it's an interesting concept and I was there for work so I was able to expense my meal. With tip and tax, it was $60 per person - quite honestly, I would rather eat at a Mexican food truck or a hole-in-the-wall Chinese place for 1/4 of the price and more authentic food. With so many other options in Vegas, I'll be going elsewhere.
2	Had a great meal here in Jan 2012, but our return visit this year was disappointing.  No standout dishes, nothing memorable, nothing great.  Whereas the year before we walked away totally satisfied on every level, this time out was just a letdown.Also, the bartender did nothing but try to push stuff down our throat.  I've never had such an aggressive server at any establishment, made us feel like we were being "sold to" -- at dinner!?!That said, some clever dishes, and they serve nicely sized portions.  Perhaps we came on an off-night?  Only gave it the 2nd star due to memory of the first visit.  Proceed at your own risk.
4	So when the server tells you "We're not a fusion restaurant. When you order your meals they come from separate kitchens" call me interested.  The food here is great. Maybe I was starving, but it was very tasty. I do regret not getting the queso dip (I think), dang table next to me was rubbing it in my face. The dan dan noodles were good, nothing to write home about. The chiqules (I butchered another dish name) was amazingly tasty. Um the Pappas were delectable. The 20 vegetable fried rice was also super yummy. And for dessert, the tapioca pudding ball thing was great. Me: really 20 vegetables? Server: "I promise you that our fried rice has 20 different local and seasonal vegetables."Here's the negative: price and size. Me: Will this fill us up?Server: "I always suggest each person order at least 4 items, think tapas."That wouldn't be a big deal if everything wasn't $9 or more. So in all, it is pricey (hey, its the strip) but totally worth trying if you don't mind "taking a mark" against yourself. That's casino talk, right?
1	I don't usually use a one star, but man, this was just bad.  So sitting down, they tell you they arent "fusion", probably do to all the reviews here, so great, we didnt want fusion anyways (cant a girl want an egg roll and cheese dip??) However place isnt Chinese nor Mexican!! To start, I just wanted a coke to drink. All they had was "Mexican coke" whats the difference other than regular coke is 2 bucks, nope this coke was 6 bucks!!! For a small little glass bottle. Just because it was imported from Mexico. So that got me off to a bad start. The food was anything but tasty. We ordered the cheese dip. It came in a piping hot cast iron skillet, and it was just a block of cheap cheese. You know the kind you buy that refuses to melt. So you could even dip your bread in it without literally pulling the entire thing out! The other dishes we had were pretty tasteless too. We ended up going out for pizza after we spent our 80 bucks here (this place isn't cheap!). We were totally unsatisfied customers! Would not recommend this place at all.
4	Came here with friends to have a quick dinner.  Note:  Make a reservation if you plan to go here Saturday night!  The wait was crazy long but luckily we were able to sit at the bar.  I didn't really know what kind of food was served here so I wasn't put off by the fact that they didn't serve Mexican/Chinese fusion like some of the other reviewers.  We ordered: 1) Chips and Salsa - Nothing special, but they were good2)  Carnitas Tacos - Tasty, moist, and messy...for me at least.  i liked the pork grind.3) Gan Pung Ji Chicken - It was the best fried chicken I had in a while!  I really liked the spicy chili sauce the most!4) Sui Mai, Beef with lime/daikon/watermelon radish - It was good, but nothing to write home about. :)5) Mango rice pudding dessert (I can't remember the name) - This was really yummy!  We ordered another dessert with a chocolate figurine on top of ginger ice cream, but this one was waaaaaaaaaaaaaay better.This place is a little on the pricy side for Mexican and Chinese food, so you have been warned.I'd come back here again but just not on a Saturday night.
2	I think this will most likely be a letdown for most people. Given the breadth of variety and quality of dining options in Vegas, I would skip it. If you are a Jose Andres faithful and you just absolutely must, get the Dan Dan Mian. First of all, the outside seating is not fun. You're basically sitting on glorified wooden crates and when we got up to leave everyone's rear was a little sore. This makes me sound like such a pansy. Not a dealbreaker on it's own, but just a note. Also, as others have mentioned, this restaurant is not a fusion restaurant. Not a big deal if you don't expect it, but just know that there's definitely no culinary cultural mash up to be had here. Anyway, I went with two friends and we were pretty hungry and pretty comprehensive in our order. We got an item from each section of the menu except for soups and salads, because that's what the real pansies order. Here's what we got and what I thought.   Tacos: Tinga Poblano - I mean it's decent, but it's not what we were expecting. Not anything special at all. Also, teeny tiny. Very little chorizo. I know the chorizo is calling your name but don't do it. You end up with a $5 mouthful of regret. PASS. Dim Sum: When Pigs Fly - Ugh. I didn't plan on this review being such a downer, but if I'm being honest, this is another pass. This tasted fine, but it was a steamed pork bun! For $14! We love steamed pork buns so we went for it, but expected some tender fall off the bone flavorful magic for this price. But like, it was totally standard and not special at all. PASS.  Noodles: Dan Dan Mian - This was pretty good. I'm a fan and if I came back I would get this again. It had a nice kick to it and the noodles had a nice al dente texture. I need to note that even though this is the one thing I will vouch for, it was a little on the salty side. But I'd do it again. PLAY. From China: Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice - I am a sucker for any sort of endorsement ever. The waiter says Travel Channel liked it? Yes, ok, yes please. And then out comes this extra small portion of fried rice that is so not worth $20 and then you feel like, maybe the waiter played you like a fiddle. PASS.From Mexico: Papas Fritas - I really didn't like this at all but to be fair I'm in the .001% of the nations's population that doesn't particularly care for fries. Also I never really like mole sauce because it feels misleading. You can't bill yourself as a chocolate sauce and not taste anything like chocolate. And sometimes I forget it doesn't taste chocolatey at all and I try it again and it's like UGH FLEECED AGAIN. But that's neither here nor there. PASS.In hindsight, this really makes it sound like I hated it. Which I totally didn't, I was just very underwhelmed. As I'm originally from the DC area, I've tried several of Jose Andres' restaurants and have always been absolutely obsessed with all his creations. So maybe I've set the bar high because I've had such good things from his places before, or maybe I'm just extra judgey because I grew up eating both these cuisines so I've had much better at cheaper prices before? Dunno. Either way, despite being very hungry, all of us were just kind of like, meh, this is so not on par with his other restaurants. Again, nothing is terrible, it's just not very good. I think it just isn't worth the prices when there are so many more incredible options just a few steps away down the strip.
5	Great place to eat at cosmo..the chef andres is amazing and staff was awesome..tacos were so so good
4	I'm really surprised this place has only three stars. The boy and I came here on our last night in Vegas and it was easily the best meal we'd had all weekend. Since I imagine a lot of vacationers are frequenting this spot, I'll break down what we had:Salt and Air Margarita: probably the best margarita I've ever hadTaro chips: unbelievable. We ordered these for our ceviche, but I was gobbling them up on their own. Insanely crisp and delicious.Tuna Ceviche: delicious. And quite a large portion for the price. The only complaint I might have is that by the bottom of the bowl, the tuna was completely overpowered by the dregs of citrus juice, but to be fair we ate this quite slowly interspersed with other dishes. Might've had more time than normal for the tuna to get over marinated.Siu Mai w/ Quail Eggs: the best dish of the night, and easily the best siu mai I've ever had. And trust me, I live in Queens in NYC, I know my Asian food. The meat was soft, insanely flavorful, and the eggs just bursts with a creamy eggy-ness in your mouth.Pork Buns (When Pigs Fly): disappointing. I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between these and any old pork bun I come across. Not necessarily bad, but not great.Duck Tongue Taco (Silencio): I am a fan of trying absolutely anything and everything, but this was just downright weird. I commend them for getting the tongue that soft, but the flavor wasn't appealing. Beef Tendon Taco (Viva China): Outstanding. The beef tendon is crispy and packs an amazing amount of flavor. The sauce is delicious. Carnitas Taco: My absolute favorite. I've never had such good meat in a carnitas taco. Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice: this one was interesting. First of all, I should mention that my boyfriend can't stand onions, so I sadly had to get this sans any kind of onions or scallions. I bet that would really add to the flavor. However, even without onions, this dish got a hold of me. At first I thought "meh, it's fried rice," but with each subsequent bite, I began to realize, "wait, this is the BEST FRIED RICE I'VE EVER HAD." Every bite had a new vegetable. And the boy literally licked the bowl clean. Chocolate Teracotta Warrior: really, we got this because we wanted our special dinner to end with SOME kind of dessert. The presentation is stunning, and the ginger ice cream mixed with the chocolate crumbles is delicious, but I could've done without this one. I have a feeling their other desserts are probably better.The service throughout the meal was great, our waiter was very attentive and helpful in giving us tips on what we might want to order. And the vibe of the place was very nice. Casual, but upscale. And not crowded. I would definitely come here again.
4	On the outside (which is inside the Cosmopolitan), it resembles that of a truck/street vendor, but don't be fooled: Here lies a 2-in-1 deal so unique.To the right is the Mexican food, to the left is the Chinese food. Your choice, choose wisely.  I decided to go with carb overload and steer towards the noodles.  Dan Dan Mian they're called: wheat noodles with spicy pork bits.  It was incredible. When it arrived, my first thought was "This is freakin' tiny".  I thought I could eat five of them!  So yes, small portion...but wowww is it tasty.  Also went with the salt and air margarita, which my bartender creatively added a touch of hibiscus tequila to it.  I give her props too, because she could give a Tequila lesson to anyone who could listen. The salt "air" was a cloud of ecstasy.  Yum.So yeah... a little expensive but unique dishes.
4	Love this place. The entire theme/concept is awesome. I mean, Chinese meets mexican... c'mon:) Probably my favorite restaurant ever. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is its pricey to say the least. But... some of the most delicious food I've ever tasted. Try the guacamole... out of this world!
4	I was excited to try another of Jose Andres restaurants. Of note, compared to many of his other restaurants, this one is a bit more casual. The drink menu is excellent with many fresh and creative cocktails that are inspired by a fusion of Chinese and Mexican. They also have a large variety of different mescals. This is definitely a small plate restaurant, so order at least 2-3 plates per person and share to experience as much as possible. The shrimp mojo and tacos ( try the cochinita and lengua) were great!  The tuna ceviche was more of a poke and less seafood ceviche, but still good. A bit pricey compared to his other restaurants for the lesser experience but otherwise a fun place to have a casual bite.
4	Great menu, fantastic flavors.  The mojo shrimp were amazing And the ceviche is a must have.  The drinks are also well done.  The drink are well done; original but not too over the top. Prices are fair
4	I want to live off the salt air margarita. It's delicious and not to be missed. All Chicagoans are extremely spoiled with great Mexican food so the tacos here were not my favorite, however, the steamed buns and guac were delicious. Our server Terry was also worth a 5 star rating. Las Vegas houses some of the best service in the country and most are all-stars but he really made us love our time there. I would definitely recommend this place if you need somewhere quick to stop before grabbing a later dinner or show in or near the Cosmo.
4	My friend talked up Chef Jose Andres so much on a (sorta) recent trip to DC that the name stuck, and after seeing it tagged to China Poblano at the Cosmopolitan, I figured it was destiny calling and just had to try it. I'm not really of the belief that culinary experiences, however life-changing they may be, should break the bank and I'll just tell you now that for two people, drinks, four small plates and dessert, came in at about a couple dollars over 100--but make an exception for this place because it was pretty effing good. Just know what to order. The 18 Monk Noodle was so amazing. You don't even realize the noodles are whole wheat, because they're just so good with the sauce and the shitakes. Our waiter suggested we opt for the Tuna Ceviche as opposed to the Ceviche Pargo and I could've, no wait--should've hugged him for it. The tuna was so fresh. The soy it was bathed in and amaranth seeds that topped it really enhanced the fish in a way that is pretty indescribable. We also ordered the Queso Fundido, and the XO Scallops in XO Sauce. I wouldn't recommend either because you didn't really come here for melted cheese and I don't want you to pay $18.88 for two golf-sized scallops, respectively. That was our mistake--but don't make it yours! A side note, they were both good, but not great and your hard earned dollars deserve GREAT, okay?After dollar signs kept racing through my head as I tried to figure out the damage, I wasn't really up to pay another double-digit figure for dessert, but the lady next to us devoured her Mango Sticky Rice in a matter of minutes, so we thought, we'd come this far. #YOLO Anyways, it was so incredibly good! It's not your traditional Thai-place-MSR by any means. It's so light and airy and everything in it just works so well that as I write this all I really want to do is drive down to the Cosmopolitan in my jammies and order it. As far as the service, and given it was a Tuesday night, we got seated right away. Our waiter, Miller, was awesome! He didn't shy away from putting his two-cents when he knew we were making potentially catastrophic mistakes trying to decide what to eat and God bless him for it.
2	My wife's birthday dinner start off well. The items we ordered was amazing. The service was great until we got another server, he was very rude. At the end of our meal, kept us if we wanted to order more food. We said, no we're stuffed. He cleared our table and gave us our check without asking us if we wanted dessert. As we were getting ready to leave, he picked up the bill counted the money and didn't say anything to us. We won't be coming back to this place.
2	Ok food the waiter described the restaurant as tapas style but his was just really small portions and really overpriced. Not really fusion just sold both Mexican and Chinese food.  Their chinese street sandwich was delicious but it was tiny and would not pay $9 for that. Overall the dom dom mian was ok the sweet and sour soup was not good.
5	As a Vegas regular visitor I'd have to say this was easily in the top 3 most memorable and delicious lunches I've had on The Strip at any price point. We got the 18 Monk Noodle, Beef Sui Mai, Tinga Poblana taco, Pescado a la Plancha taco and Mango Sticky Rice and it was a nice sized meal for two. The Mango Sticky Rice was the standout - crispy rice puffs sprinkled over light fluffy cream, with ripe, cold mango chunks at the bottomThere was a 15 minute wait for a table for 2 on a holiday weekend Saturday afternoon so very accessible.
4	Saw this place as we bumbled through the Cosmopolitan and we knew we had to have lunch here. I felt bad for the waitress, we had loaded up on one too many free mojitos at the slot machines, and were being extremely obnoxious. At one point, while laughing my face off, I called over a random busboy and told him that it was JLs birthday (it was not). The things I do for free cake. Then, while laughing my face off, JL said, "no, it's your birthday" (it was not). Let's just say that we did not get any free cake during our stay. The food was definitely not fusion. They had random items like guacamole, tacos, and dim sum. It all tasted pretty authentic, but the portions were small. I think about four tacos and a noodle bowl cost us about 40 bucks.
3	The food here was fantastic. It is designed to be eaten as small plate, family style dining, so we ordered 7 plates for 3 people for dinner. That was a perfect amount of food for the three of us (all girls, but one big eater!). Plus we split two desserts, but could have easily done one.  Everything was delicious, but the standouts were the golden pig steamed buns, Dan Dan noodles, mango sticky rice and the duck tongue tacos. Cocktails were tasty. Reasonable for Vegas, although definitely pricey if you are going to eat a full meal with cocktails, mains, and dessert. My one huge complaint was the service, and only very specifically in regards to the hostess. When we arrived, we checked in and were told without a reservation the wait could be 45 minutes to an hour, but since we were willing to sit anywhere that was first available (bar or table) usually something would open in about 20 minutes. We were escorted to the waiting area, and a server came by very quickly to offer us drinks. Then we were basically ignored for an hour and a half, when everyone around us (also without a reservation) was seated first, despite having similarly sized groups. When the hostess did acknowledge us, every time she promised that we were next to be seated and we were just waiting for a table to open up. Except that each time, she indicated a different table that we were waiting for.  When bar seats finally did open up an hour into our wait, she told us that we were just waiting for a table to leave - that they had already paid, and then showed another group to that table. When a table finally did open up, there was a huge miscommunication among the staff about who was going to get it, which arrangement and so on.  I feel like if we had not been persistent about being seated, we would have been completely ignored. I wouldn't have been so cranky about the wait time if my expectations had been properly managed from the beginning-customer service 101. When, 40 minutes in, she kept telling us that we would be seated right away, we just got more irritated every time that turned out to be untrue. If we were honestly kept apprised of the situation, we likely would have elected to come back another night with a reservation. Since we had been basically repeatedly misinformed, my friend asked if we could please have a complimentary guacamole for the wait. The hostess was super reluctant to help us and said she would have to ask her boss, but as soon as our server came to the table, the server offered to bring us some on the house. After we were in the server's hands, the dinner was fantastic. Food came out really fast and the servers were friendly and efficient.  The hostess was likely enough to keep me from returning, at least for awhile, and definitely not without a reservation. When I pay $180 for a meal, I expect to treated with at least honesty and courtesy by every staff member, especially the "face" of the restaurant.
5	Third time eating here as the tacos are all amazing and so is the Crispy Lace wontons! Haven't tried much else - worth the price compared to the pricier restaurants at the Cosmopolitan i have also been to. Salt air margaritas are great but have some drinks before you get here- they're 14 bucks each and are small!
4	Sat at the bar with a few friends and had some great drinks prepared by Sarah.  She was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  This was not my first trip to the restaurant nor will it be our last.  The salt air margaritas are excellent and although no longer on the menu the Oaxacan old fashioned is excellent.
4	Had an early dinner at China Poblano when I was in Vegas for a conference.  I enjoyed it - the duck tongue taco was awesome, as was a special of XO sea scallops and green beans.  I also enjoyed the cocktails and wines by the glass (and while the food prices were steep, I felt that the alcohol prices were reasonable, all things considered).  Service at the bar was good.
5	Always great. Based off the reviews I see, most people can't differentiate high end dining vs Taco Bell/Panda Express type food with Mexican and Chinese food. China Poblano is a high end restaurant. Top quality ingredients and almost everything is handmade. The concept is unique and the average person seeking utility tacos, burritos and enchiladas will be disappointed.
1	I am so disappointed with the food at this place. I ordered the carnitas and seta tacos and a side order of brussel sprouts.Everything was just drenched in oil and I'm pretty sure there was more of that than any other ingredient in my plate. I've been here two different times and its been exactly the same. Sorry China Poblano - I don't see what the hype is about.
5	This place is a must, when I come to Vegas. Its located inside tge Cosmopolitan hotel. The decore is modern Chinese/ Mexican influences art.  It is side by side Mexican and Chinese dishes. Most of the dishes in the menu are meant to share. However, I love the Chilequiles so much, I get my own. They also have a great selection of tacos with traditional mexican flavors, as well as chinese inspired flavors.I definatley recommend this placeCan't wait to go back
4	Loved the food (duck tongue tacos were the biggest and best surprise).  Sarah at the bar added to my enjoyment by her attitude and recommendations.
4	I was surprised how much I loved these tacos! I had the grilled fish taco and the short rib...both were BOMB! Gluten free corn tortilla, the corn is not dipped in flour so it's prefection!
4	Had a late lunch here on my last trip to Vegas.  Started with chips and salsa, the salsa had a nice smoky flavor and just a hint of spiciness  Tried a couple of the tacos and the Lucky 6 dim sum.  Great flavors all the way around but the dim sum stood out more than the tacos did.Service was pretty decent and the menu has lots of things I'd like to try.  I will definitely put China Poblano towards the top of my list to try again the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My only regret about China Poblano is that I didn't go sooner. I've lived in Vegas for a few years and finally made it here on National Margarita Day. I had their signature salt "air" margarita. It's not really air, but salty foam that floats on top of your drink. Not only is it super cool and inventive, but it gives you a hint of salt in every sip. Delicious!Even though Jose Andres, the Spanish chef behind China Poblano, is world renowned, I was curious to see how he'd do Mexican food. I grew up eating Mexican food and am very picky. All my cynicism was gone as soon as I read the menu. The queso fundido, a melted cheese appetizer served by nearly every Mexican restaurant, is made with queso Menonita. Most of you have probably never heard about it, but that's what queso fundido is SUPPOSED to be made with (not Monterey cheese most restaurant use.) To know Chef Andres has it imported from Mexico is really special. All the food we tried was great, especially the tuna ceviche. The one thing we had that was kind of blah were the tacos. That's why I'm not giving it five stars. You can find way better tacos in nearly every taco shop at a fraction of the price. Even the $10 lobster taco ($10 for one, little taco) was just okay. Nevertheless, I can't wait to go back again for margaritas and queso!
5	I was extremely surprised at the number of poor reviews put on this place! The concept of a Chinese/Mexican fusion should involve the unique and bold flavor that is typical of the two cultures. The flavors here were authentic, creative, and well put together and exactly what a fusion of these two cultures should be. I will definitely be returning here and encourage true food lovers to explore this wonderful place as well
4	Went here on a Saturday it was pretty full, so we took a seat at the bar. We were quickly approached by the bartender, she was very knowledgable about the tequila and various other spirits. Her recommendations on he tequila she served us were right in the money. As for the food, we tried several different tacos pork, short rib, lobster, fish. They were small but very tasty. We also enjoyed the fish and chips as well as her recommendations of some shumai with quail egg on it. They were really really good. I love andres, and before you go in there, as a diner should always have an idea if what you're gonna pay; to me it was just about right.  The fusion of Asian and Spanish inspired dishes is interesting and something you don't see everywhere. Of course I wish portions were bigger, but there is a lot of detail placed in these small plates. I would recommend everyone go to a Jose andres restaurant at some point in their lives.
4	Loved it. Chinese and Mexican tapas. I would give it 5 stars but the prices for drinks    are a bit much. $18.00 for a gin and tonic and $15.00 for a margarita. Yes, the drinks were good but not that good. Service was great,nice, attentive and cleared empty plates quickly. Onto the food. We had the following, sorry don't remember specific names of things. 1. Taco - yummy and authentic2. Spring rolls- a bit greasy but delicious3. Odon noodles- very spicy4. Dumplings- very good5. 20 vegetable fried rice- omg it's a must try and add beef or chicken for more deliciousness. So these 5 items are plenty for two people. This and the 2 drinks= $ 117.00 before tipWill I back.....you betcha!
2	China Poblano is such a waste of money. DO NOT COME HERE! As I was walking through Cosmopolitan, I didn't really pay much attention to this little Asian-Mexican joint because it looked like an unappetizing fast food spot, BUT what did catch my eye was Jose Andres' name plastered in front of the restaurant.  I've fallen in love with Jose Andres ever since my enjoyable experience at The Bazzar so I just had to try it.  Of course I knew it wasn't going to be the same, but this just wasn't even good... for any type of standard.  I wanted to try an item from both sides so I opted for the lobster taco and their dan dan mian noodles.  The lobster taco was about $10 and the noodles were around $16?  Both were extremely overpriced for what I got and I honestly don't mind forking out the cash for good food, but this did not even come close.  The portions were extremely small for both, not to mention that my lobster taco was soggy.  The dan dan mian noodles were supposed to be one of their more popular items and I can tell you that there are about a million places in 626 that do it better for about $6.  I regret coming here and should've just gone to Secret Pizza.  China Poblano, how dare you taint Jose Andres' reputation like that!!
3	Their margaritas are definitely 5 stars!!  The 20 vegetable fried rice was good but for $26 (we got shrimp added), I should have been able to eat for days off of it.  Not sure if I will come back but if I do I will get a margarita.
1	I'm a Las Vegas food and wine writer by trade, so I learned a long time ago to take the good with the bad and focus on writing about the positives of a dining experience while ignoring the variables that can sometimes detract from an otherwise solid establishment. However, I feel that my most recent unpleasant experience at China Poblano requires me to issue a warning to future diners, and that is to STAY AWAY. Seriously, avoid this place and save your money. I used to absolutely love this place, the food was fabulous and unique, the drinks were delicious and creative, and the ambiance was festive and hip. The service has always been aloof and full of bad attitude (Save for a delightful bartender named Steve who was there when they opened but has since moved on to more hospitable pastures.), but I chalk that up to the general attitude of the Cosmopolitan - which generally has the worst service on the strip across the board. Since they opened, I've chosen to overlook that and make this my go to for entertaining clients and out of town guests in a casual setting as it really did have top notch food and a cozy atmosphere. Alas, that is no more. It's been a couple of months since I dined with them, and apparently there has been an overhaul on the menu. The dishes are still tasty, however they have downsized many of them to tapas-like portions while keeping the prices the same (they were once reasonable, now they're typical strip mark-up). This was irritating, but not shun-worthy. That was reserved for the service that has gone from disinterested to disdainful. Our server, Richard, I admit had a sweet personality and an adorable smile - that is for the two minutes when he greeted us and took our order. Once he did that we literally never saw him again until he brought us our check. This was not his fault, he was clearly the only bartender on duty. Why they had him waiting tables as well while the bar was busy was beyond me. My companion and I each ordered salads. Her, the beet and avocado (which was my favorite until now - it's been pared down to a tiny fraction of what it once was.) and I the tuna ceviche (which could have been excellent had it not been drowning in an over abundance of lemon and soy). The pathetic excuse for a beet salad came out a full 10 minutes before my ceviche did. I waited for our server to notice, even attempting to flag him down, but he never bothered to come over. I finally stopped the tall, bald corpse of a manager (you'll know exactly who I mean if you see him) to ask if perhaps I might get my lunch before my companion finished. His response was a dippy 'Well, ya know we have two kitchens so stuff doesn't always come out together, your server should have told you that'. That is the single worst excuse I've ever heard, and frankly, as I learned as a server many years ago it is unacceptable to EVER take out only part of a table's order. Not only was the service terrible but the manager was so annoyed that his diners would dare to ask to receive their food at the same time that he couldn't contain his disdain. I feel just awful that I inconvenienced him so by intruding upon his establishment to order food. I felt that unwelcome. No matter - I will never take another guest there again and I hope to save many a dear Yelp reader from wasting their hard earned dollar on such nasty service and portions of food fit to starve a hamster. I will happily (and very vocally) never ever darken China Poblano's door ever again.
5	Great place.  The Huitlocoche and Mushroom dish is gone but the Mongolian beef with lettuce is fantastic.  Definitely recommend.
5	Wow! I can't get enough of this place. I went two days in a row during my last Vegas trip. We were a group of 4 so we had a chance to try a lot of dishes- everyone was top notch. I recommend the chilaquiles, queso fundido and the wonton soup. Note: The prices are high relative to the portions but I can live with that since it's Vegas baby.
4	To be honest, I was really skeptical when my friends told me we were going to a Chinese-Mexican fusion restaurant. I like them mutually exclusively & never got on the fusion food bandwagon. I went in a party of 6, and we shared everything family style - that's the way to go! Sitting on the "patio" is a great place for people watching, as it's across the way from Marquee and the other restaurants in the Cosmopolitan. Some highlights from our meal:- Twenty-Vegetable Fried Rice: absolutely delicious and strongly scented of sesame.- Chilaquiles: the Menorita cheese was so melty, salty and perfect- Shrimp Mojo: Light spice. I like the addition of the black garlic- Kao Lao Lao: Little rolled noodle sheets served with a fermented vegetable sauce. Very rich, umami flavor- I didn't personally get the duck tongue tacos, but those that did were blown away!My only gripe was the price of alcohol. On a whim, we decided to order a pitcher of margarita & a few a la carte drinks - which pushed our $200 meal to well over $300. Oopsies, should have looked at the price beforehand. They were mediocre, so pre-party elsewhere.Yes, there will be haters that say the prices are too high, but this is Vegas. It's food by Jose Andres, for heavens sake...
5	Excellent place.  5 of us went there for dinner after a business conference.  The waiter was excellent - recommended a drink tequila mixed drink for the table which was very good (grapefruit/tequila/lime mixed drink in a pitcher).  Excellent tasting food - we had tacos, spring rolls, lamb pot stickers, noodles, mongolian beef - all very good.  We will definitely go back.
4	Went here again last night with my sister. You gotta love this place! so many unique dishes on the menu, and their service is the best. We met an awesome guy named Miller who was our waiter. We talked a little bit about where we were both from, he gave us plenty of time to look at the menu and was super nice. And he made sure we got everything we needed. A couple times the food runner brought the wrong stuff and Miller was quick to get it switched. I totally recommend this place to anyone who likes mexican or asian cuisine. Its an "experience" to be enjoyed.
2	I am very turmoiled about this place. I've seen it several times and my guitar instructor/friend has been here 5 times and loved it every time. I had big expectations. Thursday night, the middle of the Pac 12 tournament week around 9 o'clock in the evening. Not too crowded but people were scattered around the edges of the restaurant. With all the room in the restaurant, we end up sitting at a table against a wall nestled in between about 4 other tables a super tight sardine type squeeze. Our red headed male waiter did not come around for awhile, but we watched him attend to the table directly to the right of us and a few tables left of us. I kind of felt like we were playing that childhood game, Red Rover, wondering if I was ever going to get picked and the anticipation was killing me! I just wanted to order. He finally comes over with his rehearsed speech. Yes, my hubby and I order margaritas, and then he disappears for a long time again before we get to order food.Fast forward sometime later.. The guacamole and chips, hubby's choice, make their appearance first. Very good stuff. Not mind blowing but definitely worth a try!I enjoyed my "air" foam topped margarita and my chili pepper spicy margarita. I had one of the most unique tacos I ever had - a duck tongue - lychee corn tortilla taco. Although I really enjoyed the duck taco, I definitely liked the beef lengua taco more since the duck tongue taco was too unique for my tastes. I also loved the Hao Gao dim sum - the insides combined pork and shrimp when its usually just shrimp. Very tasty stuff. The six pieces disappeared in my tummy quickly!I also ordered a carnitas taco, but it never came out. I inform the waiter of this and he said I never ordered it. I could have sworn that I did. What happens next? We receive our check, and the carnitas taco was on the bill! The supposed taco that I never ordered! I think the manager noticed my dejected look. He came over and asked us if we were okay and we told him what happened. Our waiter never returned but the manager helped make the correction on the bill and sincerely apologized. My summary: Food very interesting! Manager and hostess very friendly and nice. Waiter - I think you were having an off day or honestly forgot about us. You probably were tired or overworked and were ready to be done with the day. We had come in from a long road trip and just wanted to relax and have drinks and food. It was just a bad date between us and the restaurant that night.
3	Came here on a Friday night. It was packed. I would say make reservations, which my group did, but that didn't help us any because we were still seated about 45 mins after our reservation time.The chips, salsa and guacamole were all really good. Chips were perfectly cooked and warm when served. Seasoned nicely. I got the fish tacos which were delicious. Everyone else seemed to like what they got too:  steamed buns, chicken tacos, noodles.
3	apas style with East meets... South? Chinese-Mexican fusion. Had the grapefruit vanilla Margarita which was light and refreshing for the warm weather. The chips and salsa are not that great. The chips are fresh though, and the salsa has a smokey flavor to it. I ordered the Silencio, the taco with duck tongue with lychee. It was a little on the salty side, but the flavors complimented each other. Definitely spicy!Ordered When Pigs Fly, which was your basic bao (steamed pork bun). Nothing special really. Linda small to what I am personally used to back home.The Dan Dan Moan noodle was noodles in a self-mix sauce noodle dish. It was alright. The sauce was kinda plain, noodles more doughy than expected. Not bad, worth a try.Ordered the Ocean's Nest. Okay, it was Hong Kong style pan fried chow mein, with lobster. Still not impressed and definitely not worth $46.The Empanada de Pollo con Mole Poblano was really good. The mole was complex, savory, rich, and authentic tasting. The outside was crispy, and the meaty filling was cooked just right.For dessert, the Mango Sticky Rice was hyped up by our server. She described it as "light and refreshing," which it totally was. The rice was actually toasted rice krispies sprinkled on too of a coconut creme whipped topping. The mango underneath was so sweet and delectable, very nice finish to the meal. Overall, it was a great place to try. I personally like the Asian food back home. The Mexican food had a near modern twist, and the drinks were great and surprisingly strong. I give it 3 stars for food and price, it was expensive for what you get, but great service! Very attentive, sociable, and polite.
3	The fish tacos are amazing.  The rest of the asian-mexican fusion is average.  Some of the food didn't work and some of the food just was not asian-mexican fusion.  I was looking fwd to some creative mixes but found none.
5	Tapas style Mexican & Chinese food (not fusion tho! They are not meshing the Asian favors with the Mexican flavors). I was recommended this place, but was iffy about trying it because it was two very different foods in the same restaurant... I wasn't sure if I'd like it, but I gave them a chance anyways and I'm so glad I did! My friend and I absolutely loved this place!!! We sat at the bar and started with an awesome pomegranate margarita topped with salted FOAM rather then the traditional salted rim. Every dish we got we were completely satisfied with and we're looking forward to our next trip back to Vegas so that we can eat here again! I highly recommend the Tuna Ceviche, Golden pig BBQ pork buns, and the mango "sticky rice" dessert.  Oh, another plus- our server was super friendly and outgoing :)
3	I wasn't too huge a fan of this place. We started with their guacamole ($15) which was okay - nothing to rave about. I also had their $13 empanadas de pollo con mole poblano which I was very excited about. When I received it though it was covered in oil and had absolutely no flavor. Lastly, I had their carnitas taco which is set at $5.50 and that is the reason my rating is at a 3 instead of a 2. The carnitas taco was the best. The other girls at my table ate nothing but tacos and they both agreed the carnitas was the best. The plates here are very small. If you want an actual dinner I definitely recommend going elsewhere as this place is more like tapas (similar to his restaurant upstairs). If you do come here, just keep ordering the carnitas tacos and take in the unique interior design ;)
4	I had my doubts. No reason for any of them! Service was casual, and approachable.The food is delivered quickly and the food runners are very nice too. I recommend that you ask your waiter questions, share with friends and order lots of different items from both kitchens. Excellent - fun place to go for a fancy-casual meal.
4	This place deserves more than the 3 stars it currently has at the time of this writing. I had both the Salt Air Margarita and the Singapore Sling. I don't normally like salted rims on my margaritas because I don't like the texture, but this salted foam was a nice, innovative way to infuse that flavor without the crunchiness. Perfect balance of sweet and citrus with enough punch. The Singapore Sling was also really well done, I could drink those all day. The lengua taco was small, but very soft and juicy.
2	China Poblano was the first restaurant I ate at after arriving in Las Vegas, NV. We couldn't find Secret Pizza at the time, so we decided to eat here. The hostess kindly seated us immediately. The menu has a variety of items. We ordered fried wontons, queso fundido, and chicken ji song (lettuce wraps). The chicken ji song was my favorite dish. China Poblano lettuce wraps was fresh and the ingredients blended well together. The fried wontons and queso fundido was average at best in my opinion. I chose mango sticky rice for dessert. China Poblano sticky rice was innovative compared to other restaurants I've visited. The unique spin on the mango sticky rice was cool literally (served cold). I enjoyed every bite of my mango sticky rice. The sticky rice is perfect for a hot Las Vegas day. Our server wasn't very attentive (restaurant was not busy). We had to flag her down for refills constantly. The ambience at China Poblano is awesome. It's a good place for drinks and enjoying the Cosmopolitan eye candy. I personally expected more from some of the dishes but they didn't hit the spot for me. The presentation of meals deserves two thumbs up! I give China Poblano a 2.5 rating.
2	Service is great! But we went home hungry after spending almost $60! Very expensive and very small portions! Nothing special.
5	China Poblano. Asian and/or Mexican?Tomato Tomatoooo.I was in Las Vegas for work recently. Vegas is not my favorite place. I'm not into seeing woman being pathetically objectified, losing money, or big flashing lights while I'm trying to catch my zzzzs.That being said, the food in this town is outstanding! China Poblano was recommended to me by someone I met at a bar while in town. I had a friend accompany me on this dining adventure. And an adventure it was!The restaurant is located in one of the fancier malls. Not the most elegant place, but colorful and cheery instead. The food is, as the waitress explained, "both Chinese and Mexican, not fusion." Okay, interesting!We started with drinks... the Salt Air Margharita. Hands down, this is the best cocktail I've ever had. It was foamy and lovely and lightly salted and oh my! may I have another?  Apparently, they have a to-go window. You can walk right up and grab one of these spectular drinks as you puruse the fancy shops. Mexican cuisine was served first then the Chinese. Dish after dish. Different aromas, tastes. It was a trip around the world in my mouth. Heavenly!I want to mention that the service was Incredible as well. For the perfect night, pair dinner at China Poblano with an after-dinner drink at the Chandelier bar next door. Yep, order fancy cocktails and listen to live jazz while sitting inside the largest chandelier. Too cool!
5	I had a really incredible lunch here that was a pleasant surprise. I almost didn't eat here due to the mediocre reviews but I am so glad that I gave it a chance! We were looking for a lighter, healthy lunch, not an easy thing to find in Las Vegas. We ended up at China Poblano as there weren't many other options near by. I thought it was going to be a mix of Chinese and Mexican flavors but it was actually just a combination of Chinese and Mexican dishes. The shrimp mojo was incredible. Eight shrimp were smothered in a yummy black garlic sauce that had a great kick with green poblanos. The tuna ceviche was another winner. Amaranth seeds gave it a nice crunch, but it was just a tad too salty. The beet salad was beautiful, simple and small. Pieces of beets, oranges and avocado were topped with slivers of pickled onion and an orange dressing. The golden pig dim sum was my least favorite item. They were super sweet and there wasn't enough meat in them. Overall service was very friendly. Food was great. It was surprisingly expensive as a lot of other reviewers have commented. I would come back but I'd skip the buns!
5	This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Every time I go, I tried to order something new exciting and different to me. I have my staples that I order every time such as the Viva Chinna taco which includes crispy beef tendon and lightly poached oysters. Delicious. The carnitas are very tender and flavorful, and served with a salsa cruda and pork rind on top. This visit my fiancee and I tried the steamed pork buns and quail egg shu mai for the first time, and both were immediate favorites! The buns were filled with sweet and slightly spiced barbecue pork, perhaps a little too sweet, but the toothy chewy dough made a great balance. The shu mai is something I will order again and recommend heavily.. there was delicious and delicate minced filling in a tender dumpling with a just very slightly steamed quail egg nestled right in the top of each one. It made for one epic mouth experience, salty and creamy with an appealing texture. The agua fresca was a perfect compliment.
4	San Fran meets Tijuana in Las Vegas.Reasonable prices for delicious variants of Chinese and Mexican fare.  My table tried 2 noodle dishes (1 hot / 1 cold) and 1 rice dish.  Well done!The air margaritas was interesting.  The salt was whipped into the airy topping.  So let your lips touch each sip to enjoy the salt with your drink.
1	NO! Walking by this place makes you think it's fast food but of course it's at the Cosmopolitan so it wasn't cheap and we were wrong! Can't give much review on the food because after we saw it was $14 for two tacos we got up and left. If you're a rich bitch, it's a great place for you but if not there's a taco place next to twin peaks on the strip that's amazing!! :)
1	We live in Vegas and have enjoyed dozens of restaurants from fine to walk ups. Rarely do we not get a good meal. We tried this one on a Sunday afternoon and should have turned around as soon as the snotty hostess  seated us next to the silverware station when very few of the tables were occupied. We asked a few questions about the menu and were told, "You have to order bunches of them." Tacos were $10.50 to 5.85. After seeing the tiny taco at the next table I ordered the shrimp and ham with cellophane noodles. My wife ordered salt and pepper tofu. What I got was a small bowl of tasteless soup with two shrimp, that I had to de head, and some tofu. My wife got four small pieces of tofu on a plate. Without drinks we spent $40 dollars and were hungry and angry we'ed been had.
4	First, I want to say Yelp needs to provide instructions on how to review, and impose a limit on how long the review should be because there's no need to write 1000 word essay raving about a place, and then deduct stars for some mundane thing like price or a mistake on a bill that was corrected with a smile. Anyway, my experience was excellent, the food was very good, drinks were delicious, service was amazing-all of the suggestions were spot on. I can't remember the names of everything I had but it was all delightful, and I have no complaints.  Eat here!  it's yummy!
2	Not Asian, not Mexican, not a great blend of both either. Lackluster combinations don't make fusion cuisine. Best thing here was probably the guacamole. Okay, so it's tapas style. Plates are super small, prices add up quickly. Tacos were about $5 each, so yikes. They also advertise an original hot sauce, but I'm under the impression that it's actually Guilin hot sauce.You're probably looking to spend $25+ per person here for not-so-inspirational food. I recommend you go somewhere else.
2	Tacos were very good, but extremely over priced and small. $5.50 per taco?! I've had better for $1.25.
5	This is a late review from our dining experience back in February.  Fusion at it's best.   Mexican and Chinese such a great combination resulting in excellent food!   Since we were a party of 5 we were able to try several dishes.    Must try dishes: tuna ceviche, langosta and carnitas tacos, quail egg Sui Mai and the 20 vegetable fried rice.   The salt air margarita is a must try drink.
5	We loved China Polano!!  It was perfect for our group of 4.  We thought it would be a fusion of Chinese and Latin foods, but it was pretty much split down the middle of half Chinese foods and half Latin foods.  We went for the pork, ribs and refried bean tacos (loved them all, especially the pork and bean tacos!).  Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs because we also ordered the fresh guacamole and chips, beans, cheese, chips, pork bao, and the mongolian beef.  There were lots of ooos and ahhs from our table as these foods were comforting and all so tasty!  We were so impressed!  I can't wait to come back here again next time I am in Vegas!!
3	Nothing particularly wrong with the food, but the total experience didn't knock my socks off. The guacamole was freshly prepared and quite good as was the chipotle salsa. You need to keep in mind that you're eating at a small plates/tapas style restaurant.  Prices are a bit inflated given this setting. The Siu Mai and vegetable fried rice were delicious, but the tacos were not very impressive. Overall, the price was disproportionate to the overall experience.
4	We were running late on a concert night at the Cosmo and it was a rare show where we actually cared about the opening act, so time was of the essence.   While doing a yelp search from the elevator we decided upon China Poblano as:1) "Tacos sound kinda good right now"2) "It's Jose Andres!   That dude's been on Bourdain and Top Chef so he's legit"and3) "It gets 3 stars on Yelp!  That means it's gotta be....   wait, 3 stars?!?"  So we went anyway even though a straight up 3 is typically below my snooty Yelp threshold of place to visit.   I'm glad we did.    We started by looking at some signature cocktails presented to us that arent on the main menu.   I wanted the Aviation which has been one of my go-to drinks lately, and my lady friend wanted something I don't remember the name of, but it was something that didnt sound very "manly" like "the Snow Willow"   or "The Kitten's Purr"   It had cucumber as a main fixture and didn't sound appealing at all to me.    Naturally my friend ordered my drink for me and forced me to order the other one.   I tried both and all I'll say is, the Aviation was delicious! Quick wait service update:  After we put in the drink order, our waiter disappeared for what I felt was a long time.   We sat without drinks and without placing our order for I'd say a good 12 minutes.   We were definitely looking left and right for a trace of him as if we were trying to jaywalk across a busy intersection.   So given that we had a bit of a break, I went to Yelp to try to find some recommendations.   I went with 4 tacos (they're small and I'm big).   and my dining companion went with Mongolian Beef Lettuce.    As long as we had to wait to get our drinks and orders in, the wait for the food was exceptionally as short.   It seemed like only 5 minutes had passed before a few of my tacos from my order arrived, and only a few minutes after that the Mongolian Beef Lettuce showed up.   For my 2nd list of the review, here are all 4 tacos I ordered and ate1)  Lengua (beef tongue) -  delicious as beef tongue usually is.   Melt in your mouth, well seasoned.  2)  Viva China (beef tendon/oysters) - disappointed in this one as the reviews seemed highly favorable.   I must admit I'm not a HUGE oyster fan, but to me the flavors of the oysters and the tendon just didn't co-mingle well.   3) Carnitas - my favorite.   the pork was tender and delicious and I loved the contrast the crunch and flavor of the pork rinds provided.4) I cant find the 4th one I ordered on the menu.   Either that or I had too much of that cucumber drink and lost my mind accordingly.   It was some sort of beef short rib with some sort of chile I thought.   It was tasty and the chile brought a lot of smoky flavor to it.   It didn't really offer up anything unique enough for me to want to order it again thoughOverall I was very happy with my meal of tacos as a whole.   The tortillas are made to order and taste fantastic.   We actually ordered some on the side to go with the Mongolian Beef Lettuce.  As for that dish I thought I was a bit underwhelming.   The beef was flavorful and it tastes exactly how its described in the menu with the ginger/soy/vinegar components, but there just wasn't any extra oomph to justify spending nearly $20 on it.   The tacos, albeit small, are well worth the $5.50 a piece they generally command.   I like the idea that you could just come in here, grab a drink and a few tacos and be in and out in a reasonable time (if your waiter doesnt take an extended break like ours seemed to) for about $20, or go all out and share a bunch of dishes for an extravagant (and expensive) meal.   Not many places, especially at the Cosmo, give you that option.
2	Jose Andres is always a name you associate with good and original food but this time was not what we expected Actually not fusion is Chinese or Mexican and ok food Guacamole was good and very limited menu for someone allergic to shellfish so that alone is not to Mexican
4	Came here for lunch.Atmosphere - great and good for a large groupService - friendly and appropriateDrinks- tried the salted air margarita - also excellent.  Instead of the salt around the glass it was a cloudOf salt air which is perfect as you get the best ratio of salt to margarita without it being overwhelming.Food - Setas tacos (mushroom). Amazing! Best tortilla I have ever had, can taste the freshness and I am usually not a fan of corn tortillas.  Mushrooms were seasoned great in an adobo like sauce on a bed of guacamole which was perfect.  The right amount of seasoning and spice.20 veggies fried - yes 20 different types of veggies are in it, who knew fried rice could be so good.  A must order and if you like spice ask for a side of the chili sauce.Churros- excellent, not too greasy and the chocolate dayes was fluffy and not too thick. Overall a great meal
4	Came to grab a quick bite. Had the lotus chips, enmoladas, caldo, sui mai beef, fried rice, refried bean taco, and grilled fish taco. Some dishes were fusion, some were not, all are good. Those giving this place a bad review probably had the wrong expectations. Service was great, no wait, food came out quick and fresh, ambiance was chill.
5	I do not understand how this place only has three stars. It was amazing. No, it is not "fusion" - it is Chinese food and Mexican food, but shutup. It was AWESOME.We let our waiter be our guide and worked our way through the most incredible, soft, pillowy steam buns, lobster and pork tacos, flavorful shrimp mojo, sui mai, har gow, fried steam buns, and mango "sticky rice". Everything was full of flavor, inventive, and fun. Our waiter recommended the golden pig (fried) steam buns for last, since they come with a sweetened condensed milk and reminded him more of a dessert, and he was 100% right. It made for a good transitional course.Will definitely be back. Enjoyed every bite.
3	Good looking spot! Food is a bit over priced but to break it down:Chips & Gauc were good, had a kick to it.  Service was good, for 20 people the staff did pretty good.  Taco's, I believe were best part. Chicken and Pork. For a taco, it does seem a bit pricey, but great for a quick bite and back to the tables. Btw, we waited a long time for this place, and overall, the food was A-Okay.
5	We ordered the $55 tasting option & we were so happy we did! It was the perfect amount (we were all stuffed though) and the selection was delicious. They brought out the best of the best, including homemade churros! Everything was timed perfectly & the service was excellent. Margs were also delish. I would consider this to be more of a casual restaurant, nothing too fancy. Would def go back.
5	This place is Mexican/Chinese....hence the name. It was my first time there and I really liked the atmosphere. It's very casual considering the location. It's an upscale place but at the same time you can go in with shorts/shirts. The services was great.  We had the queso fundido and had the fried wontons and they were great!! Their tortillas are hand-made!! I think the prices are reasonable. Even though I can only judge on the appetizers, I think this place is worth it.
2	It's a shame that this place doesn't have better food. Chinese/Mexican concept is great because I'm a fan of both, but the execution just didn't work. The Dan Dan Mian didn't have much flavor other than an overwhelming taste of salt. The Gan Pung Ji chicken was dry, and the Lucky Sui Mai tasted like frozen dim sum that was simply heated. The only positive memory I have was that their guacamole was good. The ambience of the restaurant and its location inside the Cosmopolitan really has a lot of potential. If only the food didn't suck.
2	We'd always been curious to try this place since we're regular Cosmopolitan guests.  Suffice it to say our first visit to China Poblano will be our last.  Unfortunately we didn't read the Yelp reviews before going there. When the average is 3 stars, and people seem to say the guacamole is the best thing about the place, it should be avoided.  All we had were two Salt Air Margaritas, which our server told us were 'amazing' house specialties.  They were different for sure, but not amazing. Ours arrived in small glasses with nearly half of it covered in a salty foam.  Some may view this as culinary genius, while others may view it as a way to get away from using alcohol.  It tasted like lime and salt and that was it.  They were gone in three small sips ... no joking.  All that was left was foam.I seriously wonder if there was any alcohol in it at all, and they came to over $30 with tax!  We ordered the margaritas right off the bat (big mistake... I know), and the server said, "I'll be back with your drinks and then I can explain our menu to you."  It was a little weird that a place has to explain the menu, but China Poblano does, apparently.He said the fried rice was featured on a Food Network show, and then added some tidbits of info about certain dishes.  Nothing seemed all that great, and we looked around and observed other guests who were either confused or unhappy.  It's not so much a fusion menu as a confusion menu.  And guacamole for $15?  Seriously?  The waiter tried way too hard to sell the menu, and it was a complete turn-off.  The Cosmo has some nice restaurants.  This isn't one of them.
3	This was tough to grade, because there were two different worlds in this restaurant. There's the Mexican side, and there's the Chinese side, with not a lot of fusion mixes, it was either purely Chinese or Mexican. I would say the Chinese food was actually pretty good, the shumai's were pretty inventive and tasty, I like the fish eggs on them, gave a lil nice pop sensation and the pork mix was good. I also like the house made vinegar/soy sauce mix, it was delicious! The Mexican cuisine part however, was terrible. The taco's, burritos were all so bland to me. In fact, I didn't even want to finish it, I gave the rest of my tacos to my friend who was famished and was lamenting the whole time of "why did we choose a damn tapas place right after a pool party, this place is wack!" he just wanted to fill his belly up, understandably so. Agreed on that point, and on that same point, if I couldn't even bare to finish a beef taco after a pool party, that says a lot about that beef taco. So if you eat here, my recommendation is to stick to the Chinese dishes! The Mexican dishes were just awful.
3	Im always quite iffy on this place. I love Jose Andres, Im a huge fan of his work for the Bazaar, but this place just seems A-OK for me.I love the concept of Mexican and Asian. It is honestly a dream come true for me. Tacos and Noodles! What an awesome combo, especially if one is inebriated. I usually only dine here based on the sole reason of convience.Tacos and Noodles (especially the noodle soups) just dont seem worth it to me to pay those extra bucks. I understand that it is by Jose Andres, and I understand that its expensive, and I understand that its meant to be in small portions, and I understand that its suppose to be gourmet-esque, a cream of the crop type of ideal.BUT...I just dont see the possibility of tacos and noodle soups being capable of elevated at that high of a level. Its like taking something wayyy out of its comfort zone and making it work. Long story short, the food is delicious, the prices are pretty high, the portions are very small, the location is very convenient for those staying in the Cosmopolitan. Will I ever eat here sober? NOWill I ever eat her inebriated? YESUNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	So when I heard Chinese Mexican fusion I expected something different than what it was. However, I wasn't disappointed when I saw the menu. It's broken up into Mexican style dishes and Chinese style dishes. Our server said it was similar to a "tapas" place with small plates that were meant to be shared, or to order two plates per person for a full meal. I ordered the Mexican asparagus and the Chinese Dancing Eggplant. The asparagus was amazing and I devoured all of it. Honestly would have been okay with just that because it was a pretty decent portion. The eggplant wasn't really what I expected. It's covered in a soy sauce glaze and these fish flakes (I forget the actual name, but they smell and taste really fishy). The eggplant was not the texture I expected. Was hoping for something I would have to chew rather than something that just slid down my throat. The taste was okay but I couldn't do the slimy-ish texture. We had them bring chips and salsa for the table and both were really good. I ordered the classic margarita and was not disappointed. If I ever make it back I really want to try the margarita flight, as a friend did and said it was amazing. Our server was great, answered all of our questions and made some great recommendations around the table that were raved about. He had no trouble dealing with the 14 rambunctious girls there for a bachelorette party and all of our food came out fairly quickly!My gripe with this place is that even though it seems like there are a lot of choices, I had a tough time finding something to order other than my asparagus (which I was really excited about). I wish I would have ordered the tacos because they looked really good. A friend had the dan dan and said it was pretty spicy, but lost ordered off the Mexican portion of the menu.
2	Overrated and pricey!  I wanted chinese noodles but got soup instead.  The mexican dishes were very bland.  I immediately got a stomach ache from the food.  Paid close to $90 for four small plates for dinner.  My feelings hurt more than my tummy.  Gave this two stars because the service was good at least.
5	Salt foam margarita was very good.  After we ate there, I was dreaming of the dim sum.  I have been eating shu mai and BBQ pork buns my entire life and those were the best I've ever had.  The pork and scallop shu mai are so juicy and flavorful, it's crazy.  They gild the lily with gold leaf on the scallop one.  I think they have a tasting menu to try as well, I cannot wait to go back here.
4	Food here is really, unexpectedly good BUT the portions are tiny and can be pretty pricey.    I don't think I'd eat here again just because spending $6-7 for one taco (no matter how good it is) just irks my practical side.  On the other hand if someone else was footing the bill I'd try everything here :).
4	I have been here a couple times with work colleagues and have always had good meals.  I was there recently again and we shared a variety of dishes.  They had a special noodle dish the night we were there.  It was one long continuous noodle with pork belly and veggies.  It was very tasty.  We also had tuna tartar, Mongolian beef, chicken lettuce wraps, queso fundido, some tacos.  Probably a few other things.  Everything was very tasty - nothing too spicy but definitely flavorful.  The guys had the salt air margaritas and loved those.  This is definitely a great place to go to share food and try lots of yummy things.  I definitely will be back.
4	carnitas taco and the pork belly shrimp dumplings were perfect. good service at the bar. would definitely come back to try more.
5	Nice, artsy experience. Bartender interesting to watch invent a new cocktail. Beautiful presentation. Delicious Guacamole and Queso Fundido con Chorizo.
4	We had reservations for a party of eight after seeing a show at Cosmo. The love for food was strong with the servers of China Poblano, they were passionate and very educational about their concept. Everything was fresh and flavorful. I highly recommend anything with their amazing corn tortillas! And their mole was delicious, the chocolate pepper creaminess was melt in your mouth amazing. Go and try their small plates, take the advice of the staff.
5	Holy Moly Guacamole!!I LOVE hot food, AND being indoors!!  This place has them BOTH!!  China De Mexico (as it's known to me and my friends) is hip, is hop, is what's happening!!  Now I've never eaten there, nor have I been, I'm on a fixed income and live very far away.  But I know what I like and I like China Poblano.  But if was able to eat there I think it would go a little something like this:  "Hello waiter, may I come indoor and order hot food?"  "Ce Senor, would you like the chop sticks?"  "Yes, my new best friend, I would."  And so on.
3	Creative food but okay quality.  Very small quantity. Great service. My favorite is the lobster taco. But probably won't come back.
4	This is what food is about. A perfect confluence of cultures and flavors. Fresh, fast and varied. The menu hits all the sweet spots while still being inventive. Definitely order an item from each category: taco, dim sum and noodles. Our favorites on this visits: Chilorio de Res (taco: short rib, Padilla negro, cumin, cilantro) and Dan Dan Mian ( wheat noodles, spicy pork sauce/peanuts). The aesthetic of place: surreal mixture of Hispanic meets Asian. Funky and fun like a street art house. Come and enjoy...as we have, did and willDo.
1	My first unpleasant dining experience in Vegas. Service was great but what's going on with the food, the pricing, and the portions. The food started off great! Chips included with the chips and salsa were delicious and fresh. The chipotle salsa not so much. Thee 18 Monk Noodles was fine. Noodles were very good but the soy sauce was way overpowering. Mongolian beef wasn't great either. Actually it was terrible besides the fact that the Beef was cooked perfectly and served over romaine lettuce. The sauce was overpowering and not pleasant at all. The tacos are expensive, bland, and contain little fillings  Tinga Poblana, Carnitas tacos are very bland. The only thing you could taste is the corn tortilla. We also had the spicy pork noodles. The sauce was not good at all and made me not want to continue eating. Overall a very expensive, bland and unpleasant dining experience. I would strongly suggest you not waste your money here.
2	I didn't try any of the Chinese food, the tacos were tasty but overpriced in my book. I wouldn't come here again.
4	We stayed at the Cosmo a few years ago and have wanted to try this place ever since.  We walked up at about 6 on a Sunday night. They said they could seat us right away at the bar.  After a long day of traveling we were ok with that.  The bar stools are wooden so a little uncomfortable.  We started with the chips and salsa which are fantastic.  I ordered a pomegranate margarita and my husband ordered a coke.  The margarita was some kind of "air" margarita so it was different but good.  For our entrees we ordered the "when pigs fly" which are pulled pork type dumpling rolls, carnitas taco, another beef taco(can't remember the name) and a beet salad.  Portions are a bit small for the price.  That's the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5.  It was all delicious and service was good!
1	Service is awesome, atmosphere is nice ,but the food is not. always thought restaurants in hotels like this food should be great but not here. We had Dancing eggplant don't know why for some reason its so freaking salty i do hope who even prepare this knows how salty this eggplant is i know they said it has soy sauce but i didn't know they will just pour soy sauce in it. We also had Gan pung ji chicken its as salty as the eggplant. The only thing i did like is their chips and salsa tasted fresh. Their vegetable fried rice like they said its good give it a 2 stars. sorry but i will never suggest wasting your money here.
1	Terrible: courses arrived at different times (explanation was that there are 3 kitchens so of course we should understand), the advertised shredded chicken came in big pieces including cartilage and a hunk of boiled skin (explanation was that the chef says the skin adds flavor), lots of unnecessary fat in the dishes we ordered, and all this with high prices.  Go somewhere else.
4	If you read my review of Jaleo, you will find that I love, love, love Jose Andres and everthing he touches. China Poblano is one of my go-to restaurants every time my mom comes into town and asks me where I want to eat (I mean, it IS pricy, so I only get to go on my mom's dime ;) ) Everything is so delicious, the service is always on point, and both are consistent. Yes, it is expensive (their menu is online available through the Cosmopolitan website with all prices clearly listed). Yes, the portions are small. Yes, it is really more chinese food + mexican food than it is fusion (the food comes from two separate kitchens, after all). We always try to order the more rare / odd items .. can't seem to bring myself to pay $14 for a tiny order of siu mai that would probably be better at a dirty hole in the wall dim sum restaurant (sidenote: can anyone recommend a good dim sum restaurant nearby?)--Favorite items:Guacamole with chips and salsa - $15. Handmade at the table, deliciously chunky. Bypass if trying to save money, get it if you're splurgingViva China taco - $5.50. Rich, chewy, juicy, salty, gooey. Bypass if you do not like foods with "weird" textures. Lamb Potstickers stuck on you - $12.88. Pretty, deliciously crispy on the outside and moist, tender lamb on the inside. Must haveDan Dan Mian - $12.88. Love the texture of the noodles and the flavor of the sauce. Could be spicier. Have never had authentic dan dan noodles, so I could not tell you if these are authentic or not, but delicious nonetheless. Must have. Don't Be Jealous - $11.88. This is the biggest portion of hot and sour soup I've ever seen in my life. Definitely meant for at least 4 people. Not a traditional hot and sour soup. Is pretty thick. Very good. Discontinued items?:They had this chile-relleno type item once with pomegranate seeds on it. It did NOT look appetizing but was DELICIOUS. It looks like a frog with red warts on it. I no longer see it on the menu so it may have been a special, but if you see it, I recommend it!They also used to have scallop ceviche - super untraditional and really expensive for what you are getting, but really fun. Tiny little lime with a slice of raw scallop and some brown sugar in between. Sprayed with tequila. You are meant to pop the scallop in your mouth and bite into the lime in one fell swoop. I no longer see it on the menu, though. --Drinks:Salt air margarita - $14. What fun! Yummy, boozy fun. Blood orange chile pequin margarita - $15 / glass. Yummy, but be careful, it's pretty spicy! --Not such a fan of:They always push the 20-vegetable fried rice because Johnny Iuzzini said it was his favorite dish on the show "Best Thing I Ever Ate." I find it bland, boring, and wayyyyy overpriced.Dancing Eggplant - really pretty! I don't really like eggplant in general, though. --Cons about the restaurant itself:The restaurant is literally right outside of Marquee. At lunch in the summer, it's overrun by trashy girls in swimsuits without coverups and douchey bros trying to get into the dayclub. At dinner time, it's overrun by girls in skimpy dresses wobbling in their heels and douchey bros with popped collars trying to get into the nightclub. Luckily, if you have a reservation, you never have to wait for long, and sometimes they will have you wait inside on the steps rather than out in the throng. The chairs in the middle of the restaurant have no backs. I'm a sloucher anyway, but sometimes after a big meal you want to lean back and pat your belly, but if you try to do that you will just topple over. There are no purse hooks under the table, and since the chairs don't have backs, you either have to hold your bag in your lap or, if you are lucky enough to be a group with an odd number of people, on the spare seat.
4	First of all, this place isn't really fusion, it's Chinese and Mexican side-by-side. But that's okay. The Chinese food was definitely better than the tacos we tried (which were good I'm from California and my standards for tacos are very high). This place is worth it for the Chinese food. The Dan Dan Mian was to die for. Our dumplings were excellent too. I would go back for the Dan Dan Mian alone! The ambiance is good. Festive, and the decor is interesting to look at. I do wish more of the seats had backs on them, though.Service was excellent.
1	Poor service (had to request refill on chips from multiple employees). Food is mediocre and overpriced. The kicker for our experience was the giant foot-long hair in our $65 margarita pitcher.
2	Overall disappointed. The portion sizes were terrible for the price and the bartender (since we sat at the bar) failed to tell us that the dish we ordered and appetizer would not be enough for a lunch for two. We ordered the pigs on horseback due to its hype. They were definitely the best thing we had though they were on the dry side and lacked something I think a crisp vinegar style dipping sauce could have easily fixed. We also ordered the Beijing Glass noodles which promised to be a light vegetarian dish to compliment our heavy pork break appetizer. The noodles came out and the whole dish was a little larger than my fist. More of a side really. It seemed like they had marinated everything in sesame oil and had little other flavor. Since we were still hungry we ordered a couple of tacos thinking the other side of the menu would be good. Wrong. The Tinga Poblano was really flavorless and the cochinita was even worse. The pork had a bland dipped-in-A1 taste and the onions didn't add anything to the dish other than filler that distracted me from the taco. The service was terrible. Our bartender was attentive to our waters but failed to help us decide anything and generally acted aloof and a bit shady. The decor was enjoyable and the idea I think is awesome. I really hope they step their game up. Probably the worst restaurant to eat at in the cosmo. I will not be returning.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE China Poblano!! The (Mexican) menu is similar to Oyamel in DC and every bit as delicious..add some amazing Chinese food. The ceviche is my absolute favorite!! Nothing compares--the crispy texture of the amaranth with the soft, fresh fish is a force to be reckoned with. I love the cocktails--Lychee is the best one!! The pork tacos are amazing. The Kao Lao Lao noodles, with dragon sauce, are my favorite item on the menu...aside from the ceviche. The service never disappoints. The servers know and love the menu. I absolutely love China Poblano and I will continue to make a stop on every visit to Vegas!
1	This place sux... Chinese mexican is a great concept but.... Portions are ridiculously small for the price.  Dont come here hungry for sure.  Need to order like 3-4 plates per person.  @ average of $18 per plate will get expensive for Chinese / Mexican food.  Not worth it at all!!!
1	Are you looking for authentic Chinese and/or Mexican food? Do you enjoy unique fusion combos? Is it important for you to get good value in terms of quality/quantity vs price? If you answered yes to any of these questions, do not bother eating at this place.The decor and service are top notch, I will give them that. But a restaurant is about food first and foremost, and those things should be there to complement the experience, not make up for bad food. I had the Golden Pigs, the Lamb Pot Stickers, the Har Gau, and the Swallow a Cloud. The portions were ridiculously tiny: I could've fit all six pieces of Har Gau in one bite. The noodle soup was really bland. Everything about the restaurant looks unique, fancy, and pricy: all usually good indications. But not here. Here, "unique, fancy, and pricy" are the indications of pretentiousness. Don't be drawn in.
5	A friend who lives in Vegas recommended this place and it did not disappoint.  One of the best tacos I have ever had and the braised pork sandwich, although small, was amazing.
1	Service is good, drinks are goodFood is terrible. I can even cook better than this.
1	0 stars if I could have given! I will never be back here again! I do understand it is Las Vegas, but go easy on your prices and portions -whoever is in charge of pricing! $6 for ONE small taco! And I ordered soy sauce, the server DID not tell me I'm being charged for it! Please take a guess how much he brought me: Go ahead...I'll wait. ....he brought about a table spoon of soy sauce (no joke); n charged us $3!!!!! WTF- GTFO for those of you who know what that stands for.  I had to double check again that this was a Chinese Resturaunt; and I don't know where  y'all are from; but even in the getto soy sauce is FREE! Ok? It's f***ing free...Anyways, again I asked for a chilly sauce; charged again Real bummer when I checked my statement, I was charged an extra $6, for the heck of it. I called in and spoke to the manager, he confirmed it. I was in fact charged an extra $6 for the heck of it; but it would take 72 hours for that to go back to my account! WTF again!!! That sucks! Good thing I called man. I mean just why? Change your system before people freak out, I already freaked out enough about your service! The manager was nice tho on the phone. But I'm still keeping my 1 star; and if I could give 0, I still would. No management could ever change that!
1	If this were the price of a normal restaurant, it would deserve 2 stars.But this restaurant having Jose Andres' name tagged onto it....... you  expect more.  MUCH more.Unfortunately, things were not good.  The fries with XO sauce cost about $10... and it was way too salty to even eat.  And I have a salty palate.Soups were all salty, but lacking an flavor at the same time.Carnitas taco (single, 1 taco) was $5.50... and it was..... not even as good as a carnitas taco you can get at any taco stand for $1.50.Scallop siu mai was really good, the only thing I considered "good" from the meal.Disappointed for a "Jose Andres" restaurant.
2	Was a little drunk hungry, so this should have been set up as a great experience - but we just ended up disappointed. Everything was really expensive and the portions were small. Very tasty, yes, but a rip off on cost. I've eaten at a few of Andres' restaurants, and had some amazing meals, so I'm not sure what didn't click here this time. I know he commands some higher prices, but I just didn't feel like I was getting a good value. On a side note, the pop culture worship of famine-era Mao on the wall juxtaposed with the $50 a person dinner struck me as a little insensitive, but then again enough time has passed since the Cultural Revolution, so, what are you gonna do?
4	Chinese + Mexican? Does that even make sense? It did for me. To be fair, I came just for a snack between meals, so the small portions were not a problem. It is pricey for the portion sizes. But all of the items I had were very good. Mushroom tacos, great. Not sure what the sauce was (soy+?) but was tasty. "Twenty vegetable" fried rice was one of the best examples I had.The sticky rice desert was non-traditional but excellent.
1	I expected the prices of the entrees to be a little bit higher but the quality of the Chinese food was not worth the money I paid for the dishes. I got the 18 monk noodle and the traditional dimsum. If I could describe the food  in one word-terrible! Making the dimsum look pretty by topping it with gold flakes did not do anything to make up for the flavor of the dimsum. It  seemed too starchy and you can hardly taste the meat. The noodles looked like a sad , greasy slop of Mai fun type noodles (noodles were stuck together) saturated with soy sauce for color, and garnished with a few pieces of shitake mushrooms, green onions and fine threads of carrots. And yes, portions were small, but that's not really the worst part of the whole experience. Just poorly prepared, way overpriced Chinese food...sorry.
5	One of my favorite places at Cosmo.  I usually sit at the bar and have the bartender just pick dishes for me.  Everything is pretty solid  I recommend sharing with friends and ordering a variety of things
4	Spent our 24th anniversary at China Poblano and we were so, so satisfied.  But be warned this is a trendy "small plate" big price restaurant which means both your wallet and your stomach could be left empty. However, the food is delicious, the atmosphere fun and the service impeccable, if a bit pretentious (each food runner describes the dish you just ordered as they deliver it to your table in case you are so drunk on their incredible tequila offerings that you need reminding). China Poblano offers both Mexican and Chinese dishes side by side, hence the name.  I was hoping for more of a fusion concept but dove in with all tastebuds firing. Number one: Get the carnitas taco.  At $5.50 it is moist, flavorful and meaty!  Yes there should be at least 2 if not 3 tacos for that price but trust me, ignore the price and just order a lot of these! The guacamole and warm tortillas are delicious and filling.  The quail egg shumai are great and you get 6 of them in one order.  The pozole is good and satisfying, not the best I've had but good.  The dan dan noodles were earthy tasting and not my favorite although the actual noodles were wonderful, the topping tasted of pungent, ground earth, maybe not bad, but not my taste.For dessert, we ordered the churros with Oaxacan chocolate.  This was off.  The churros were flavorless and not sweet enough although the texture was right.  The chocolate was bad.  The flavor was mingled with an unrecognizable savory, spice that we didn't care for at all.  Had a fabulous 1.5 oz. pour of tequila.  Their tequila menu is extensive and organized by Highland and Lowland brands.  Also their take on the classic margarita is really fun with a salty foam topping that is delicious for those who enjoy a salted margarita.  The prices are ridiculous which is why I am not giving the place 5 stars. But it's the new Vegas and long gone are the crappy $1.99 buffets about which I am certainly not complaining.  However, it seems we've moved to the opposite end of the spectrum, serving higher quality food while gouging people with prices 4 times the actual cost of the ingredients.  I hope in my lifetime, we see a happy balance between the two.But if you're willing to blithely open your pocketbook, you're in for a great meal!
1	Ummmm totally not worth it!We wanted to try a different restaurant at our last stay in Vegas. We were originally going to eat Wicked Spoon but the line was long and last call was in 45 minutes. We knew we weren't going to have enough time to eat. Thankfully, it was only lunch so we weren't TOO HUNGRY so we decided to switch it up and try China Poblano. I first noticed it was owned by chef Jose Andres. I had a bad experience with Chef Andres and truthfully, didn't enjoy his restaurant over in LA at the Bazaar. So I decided to give him another try.It was pretty empty upon walking in. We were seated promptly and service was fast. First off, we decided to order some soda because we were thirsty and the waitress comes out with these dinky small soda cans!!! Those sodas were $5!!! We orders some ceviche, tacos, dan dan mien, and chilaquiles. My overall favorite was their ceviche. Decent flavor with a good amount of tuna. Nothing spectacular though. Different cuisines are prepared in different kitchens so food comes out at off times. Their noodles were okay. A good kick of spice but obviously not traditional. The chilaquiles was a joke. Basically tortilla chips with sauce on top. Looked like a cheap mans version of nachos. Can't believe we paid $15 for it. Everything's on the lighter smaller side so be prepared to either eat light or order a lot!After lunch, that was it. Again, nothing too spectacular. Food is expensive and small. It's much more worth it to spend your money somewhere else. Not missing out if you haven't tried this place at Cosmo.
4	Feel like Mexican food? Or Chinese? Or both? Check.
5	This place is great! I ordered the Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich and the reposado flight of tequila and was very impressed.  The sandwich was an Asian flair of a BBQ sandwich and the tequila came with 2 great reposado's and an equally great mezcal and a palate cleansing drink to sip on.   This place is great!
5	This place is awesome! Great mix between Asian & Mexican!When you first walk in it has a great cushion decor & feel. It's neat just to look around at the various decorations.We tried a flight of tequilas & their margarita- both were delicious! Super recommend their Salt Air Margarita!My hubby had the Rou Jai Mo Street Sandwich & it was DELICIOUS!I had the carnitas & cochinita tacos both were super delicious! We shared the chips & salsa & those were yummy too.Service was great also! Our waitress was nice & prompt! We highly recommend this place. It's 100000 time better than the gross buffet!
3	The guacamole was perfect, the spiciest had a good kick, and the sprinkling of queso fresco (or a similar cheese maybe?) was a nice touch. The tinga taco was tasty, and I really enjoyed the traditional shumai plate, a great sampler of the different varieties.  I had bites of my friends plates, and their food ranged from meh to pretty good.  However, I was expecting a unique and exciting experience from a Jose Andres restaurant, and was very underwhelmed by the experience in general.  This was definitely a one-time visit for me.
1	NOT WORTH THE MONEY!! We have no problem spending good money on food but this place was not worth it at all. It's disappointing because I think all the restaurants at Cosmo offer great food (even secret pizza) but this place is a disaster. Service is slow and food is barely average at best. Save yourself $150 for two people and eat somewhere appetizing.
1	Got charged an EXTRA 20.00 to my card last night!!! Make sure you save your receipt .....also very $$$$.... We left hungry
5	Was expecting a good lunch, but had an awesome lunch. Food was excellent, loved loved the margarita with salt air foam. Will definitely come back next time we are in Vegas. Chinese and Mexican the perfect hang over food all in the same place, what's not to love.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  They had a killer tuna tartare type dish, some pretty good stir fried noodles, and some great guac (although IMO they added a bit to much sriracha or some other Asian chile type sauce to try and make it taste different than regular guac).  Pork buns were decent but a little doughy for my taste.  Really good margs with whipped salt.Docking a star because the raw oyster served on top of the wagyu beef taco was nearly inedible---super fishy.
4	i've always had great experiences at this place. great food, great service. I dont like sitting on the little stool thing but i can easily get over that. we went there for my fiance's birthday, we has tacos, pozole, a couple orders of dim sum, noodles and a couple of deserts.He ordered a Manhattan, which sat in the window a bit to long so he was a little disappointing but it wasn't a huge deal.all in all we were very happy with the experience and will be returning soon!
4	I had the 20 vegetable fried rice and a taco here along with some wine.The twenty vegetable fried rice was amazing. I opted for the in house made chili oil. Quality meal. There was a nice balance of rice and vegetables. Wow was it good.The tacos was good, but pricey. I'm accustomed to two tacos per order, not one.Overall a quality meal for a fair price given the venue.
4	While staying  at the cosmopolitan I was lucky enough to have easy access to China poblano. My first meal consisted of " when pigs fly" and " golden pigs". The golden pigs were awesome. They had sweet tender pork filling with a hint of 5 spice ( I think) and came with house made sweetened condensed milk which was delish. There at 4 to a serving..but they are filling. The when pigs fly were the same filling..only these were steamed..not fried golden..and came with no dipping sauce. I was pleased..but would have liked a dip!  Second trip I ordered the 18 monk noodle.. And took it to go since I was solo..I guess it was because I took it up to my room..but the noodles were a bit dry..and the portion was a tad bit small. One stand out that I had both times were the pork carnitas tacos. The filling was super juicy and came with two chicharones inside. I could have eaten 10.
3	Ugh. DMV residents can't even get away from Jose Andres in Las Vegas.  But oh well - we decided to give it a try.  We were most definitely not going to eat at Jaleo since you can throw a rock out the Washington Monument and hit one.  China Poblano was to be our JA experience at the Cosmopolitan.  The restaurant is on the small side, but, as all of JA's restaurants, colorfully decorated.  We got When Pigs Fly, which are the more traditional steam Chinese buns and not the type of buns you would expect from a ramen house, for example.  Vietnamese also eat these type of buns - ban bao - usually filled with an egg and meat.  These buns were just ok, but not what i wanted or expected.  I got the fish tacos, which were just seared fish with marinated onions.  They left something to be desired.  The BF got the Queso Fundido, which was the best thing we had.  It was melted Menonita cheese, tequila and he added chorizo.  The tortillas were warm and tasted oh so gooey and ooey once we tore the tortillas up and dug into the melted yummy-ness.  China Poblano was good, but like a typical Jose Andres restaurant, a mixture of Spanish and Asian spices and tastes, where some of the dishes are a standout and the rest are just fillers. There are just so many other places to go on the Strip, might as well skip this one unless you are staying in the Cosmo and need a quick bite.
1	It is a pretty restaurant, but the good is disgusting. They don't have what is Chinese food.
1	Two words: overpriced, yuck. Not great food. Cocktails are fine. Just not really my cup of tea. The Mexican food is not good at all. Chinese food items we ordered were much better! We are from tx after all--and this Mexican food is super nasty. Do not even step into this place if you're looking for good food. You won't find it here.Overall: wouldn't ever step foot back in this place unless my veggie fried rice was free. Pretty disgusting.
3	Loved the food....and loved the service.  Was floored be the small portions & price.  Tiny tacos were $5 each and a small plate of fish nibbles on a bed of crispy noodles was $48!  Drinks were $15 each.  Again, yummy, but very very overpriced.  My guy and I spent nearly $150 for shared meal and needed to get fast food for diner later.  Sad.  If you want mini, yummy, meals....and money is no object....this is the place.I recommend you try the salty foam Margaritas.  Again, yummy, and tiny.
2	My wife and I were seated by the hostess and literally as we were sitting down an angry lady stormed over and said our spot is a reserved spot. We looked back for the hostess, who was long gone and the angry lady basically said can't sit here so get out of here. We had to chase down a hostess who eventually put us back in the same spot. It was weird, embarrassing and rude. The food was very small portions and expensive for what it is. With all the good restaurants around, choose another.
3	I really wanted to like this place because we were starving and seriously craving some Asian noodles after a night of drinking. We came down here to eat after we couldn't handle Marquee Day Club anymore.The three of us ordered the dan dan mien, wonton noodle soup and the beef lettuce dish to share. My favorite was the beef lettuce dish, only because the other two were  disappointing. Portions were pretty small overall, sadly. I really wanted soup, and the broth in the noodle soup was bland, but the wontons were yummy! There were barely any egg noodles.The chewiness of the dan dan mien was perfect though! And the service was exceptional too. I also enjoyed the restaurant decor because it was really fun and cute, and loved the wallpaper and Asian style decorations.The food is OK, pretty overpriced, but the restaurant is fun and the service is great. It's really a toss up since this seems to be one of the only Asian restaurants at the Cosmopolitan.
5	Maybe because we are Asian and we love Mexican food, this place was perfection for us! We had a party of 14 (including 8 children, ages 3-12) with a show to catch in one hour, and everyone was very attentive from the hostess to our waiter, and we even knocked down two glasses of water during our meal. Just down right excellent service. And the food...!! Amazing! Hand made noodles with a twist of Mexican and Chinese  flavors incorporated into the dishes... just wow.
5	The Bistec Con Mole, Pescado a la Plancha taco, and MOST of all, the whimsical and expert bartender Sarah were absolutely first class and exceptionally unique.  What a surprise for anyone who values a little magic in their food as well as their drink. Just go. You will be surprised.
1	Have you ever had to eat trash and have to pay for it ? Well this is the spot if you know Mexican food or Born Mexican you will know the food here is horrible by just looking at the prices. The food is pathetic the prices are insane 15 dollars for chips and guacamole come on man . Who spends 5 dollars on a "gourmet" taco it should be gourtrash it's nothing special please do not step in here I should've went to the Golden Arches and had a gourmet Big Mac
3	A 'small plate' Mexican x Chinese fusion Restaraunt - a weird combination that Doesn't really work. Stopped here in an evening to get a quick meal. Staff were friendly and helpful and the decor was bright and vibrant. The food was OK, but for me the foods from the two countries don't work together and when you add the small plate format to that, then it was confused and un-satisfying -  the fact it is not cheap meant it was a bit disappointing.
1	I wanted to love this restaurant..., I truly did because I heard Jose Andres was the Chef owner and as a DC resident I love anything Jose Andres!! One night my girl friends got take out after a long day of partying but her sister is a foodie so the fact she said her Seafood noodle dish didn't have lobster and it's $50 and then  said her food was  not  good, I became  worried because I was really excited about eating there. So Saturday after a long day at A Cedric Gervais pool party, hungover and starving we went to eat here and the food was not good at all. It was salty it tasted like MSG and I felt sick after my meal. I wouldn't be too excited to eat here again . Sooooo Disappointed :/
5	I don't understand why this place has bad review! This is a wonderful place. The food is delicious and the price is not that bad. Matter in fact it's just right for the food quality. The dessert was just as delicious my server was amazing best than most I see in any other restaurant. The cocktails were a pleasure. I loved this place so much I couldn't stop eating! I kept getting more food and trying to eat more. In all my experience was wonderful and I can't wait to bring more family and friends to try this place out.
1	No. No. No. Asian food is blan or just a bunch of soy sauce.. They charge for hot sauce.. they charge for salsa refill and chips.. not worth it. Epic fail. Found hair in our complimentary wontons that we got because our food was late. Fyi. Seating in the outside by the entrance is uncomfortable
2	Decent food at crack prices....DONT buy a soda! $5 for a hobbit bottle, no refills-lame
3	Got here early for dinner. Not many people were in the restaurant. Service was good not great. Ordered the chips and salsa for appetizer.  Then shrimp mojo and 20 vegetable fried rice for main course.  Shrimp mojo was ok. Says it had garlic blackened flavor. It lacked flavor in my opinion. Would not order it again.  The fried rice on the other hand was extremely good and the presentation was awesome as well. It had loads of mini sized veggies throughout. We like spicy so we asked for a side of hot sauce. They brought out some very spicy original hot sauce which helped add some kick.
4	I really do like it here especially when I need a little LA fusion fix...
2	The idea of this place is a lot better than the execution.  Taking two typically low cost food cultures, smashing them together into a high end restaurant just disappoints.  We had some good things, we had some bad things.  All in all, I would have been happier with take-out chow mein and a random street taco.
5	Wow. Why all the bad reviews? I eat here every time I go to Vegas! China Poblano is pricey, but I definitely think it's worth it. The service is pretty slow, but the restaurant is usually packed and the servers are nice. I always have the chips and guacamole, the lettuce wraps are my favorite, and the papas fritas with mole sauce is pretty good too. Everything is shareable, so we usually get a few other items. I love this place.
4	The menu is very large.  Almost TOO big... I recommend that you do what we did and turn over some decision making to the waiter. We had the garlic shrimp...which should be labeled with a DONT EAT ON A FIRAT DATE logo or come with a bottle of listerine...JEEZ!  It was excellent.  We also had the mini burgers, liked them so much that we ordered 2 more!  We also had the tomato bread or some thing?  Listen, it's Vegas, there were cocktails involved, I don't remember what it was called!  Order it; ridiculous.We went crazy and then had the fig jam cheese for dessert.  It's $30, and totally worth it!!!
5	I wish I were more hungry when I came to China Poblano. My boyfriend and I on a whim decided to eat here while in Vegas and we were not disappointed. We tried a handful of things: ceviche, queso con chorizo, and tacos. If you're a cheese lover, please get the queso con chorizo. It was easily the best cheese appetizer I've ever had in my life! Atmosphere is really great and a fun, casual dining experience. The staff is spot on and paced perfectly. My only recommendation is that this isn't a quick in and out food experience. If you go, make sure you plan on staying to enjoy!
2	Came with a party of 8 waiting in their lounge area to be seated when all of a sudden I realize our orders were being taken and silverware being placed at waiting area. Ordered ceviche good but nothing at all special small for the price. Husband ordered 2 tacos and bowl of noodles which was tasty. I was left not full I asked waiter if we could have salsa &chips, which was brought out after asking for them you would expect automatic especially for a high priced restaurant. Salsa was not special. Food is Pricey for such a small amount of food. Was hungry after an hour and a half later.
2	My friends arrived on a later flight and hadn't eaten their dinner yet, so this was the first restaurant we found here just by walking around the second floor of the Cosmo. The place looked interesting with it's very casual atmosphere, and so, although I was kind of skeptical about a place serving Chinese and Mexican food, we decided to keep an open mind as it looked pretty decent. But boy, was it a bad mistake coming here.The hostess was nice enough to seat us right away even though the place looked relatively full. The server came over and welcomed us and asked us what we'd like to drink.....but I had a hard time understanding her as it sounded like she had laryngitis or something. Anyway, we decided to try a mix of dishes since the server recommended we perhaps try 2 Chinese dishes and 2 Mexican dishes just to mix it up. We  didn't want to order too much since it was pretty late so went ahead and ordered the Chips & Salsa, Beijing Glass noodles, Dancing Eggplant.....then we looked over at the next table and the dish they ordered looked interesting so we asked them how and what it was? ...it was the Gan Pung Ji Chicken and they told us it was very good! So ok, we went ahead and ordered it just to try something different.Oh boy. The eggplant dish had a thick black sauce over it that totally overpowered the eggplant ....kind of tasted like and overly sweet Hoisin sauce, but whatever it was, we didn't like it at all. The eggplant itself was cooked ok, but would have been tasteless without something on it, but not that strong. Next, was the Beijing Glass noodles which is more like a small noodle salad where you have to mix all the ingredients together yourself. Something tasted off about these noodles, and again, we didn't like it at all. Next was the chicken dish. It's basically a fancied up lemon chicken type dish. sauce was starchy and way too sweet.I think the best part of the dinner was the Chips and Salsa which tasted fresh...and together with our Coronas and red wine....somewhat made us forget about the Chinese food we had just ate. I can't say I will ever come back to this place as there are so many better places to eat in Vegas. And the prices of the dishes here are not cheap for what you get! Next time I think we'll stick to a real Chinese restaurant for real Chinese food.
4	Tasting menu is huge ... Loved the different tastes of the menu.Great spot for a long dinner for a great value
4	The food was unique and full of flavor. My favorite were the Asian street tacos. The meat was very flavorful. I do not recommend this place if you are looking for good meals though, the portions are very small and a bit pricey. The place was so cool and very colorful!
5	Best duck tounge in town, also service is great and fast , 5 stars!! Fyi, their tacos are small but worth it!
5	If you find your self in Vegas... This place is in the cosmopolitan and is definitely worth finding!
3	Good food hard to understand menu. The twenty vegetable rice very good. The oceans neat amazing.
3	Weird combo of Mexican and Chinese menu. Place is in the Cosmo, prices are decent. I had a Chicken Milanesa Torta (just so-so) and a Al Pastor Taco, which was good but not at all like a normal al pastor taco- was more like a piece of bacon with pineapple on top of it. Service was good. Overall, not bad but not a must-visit either.
2	Small portions, everything was salty, and expensive. Only reason I'm not giving one star was because the staff was very friendly and attentive. The price you pay for convenience staying in the Hotel to get chinese and Mexican food. I've had much better off the strip.
5	I was recommended by a local to try this place out. It was wonderful blend of Chinese and Mexican cuisines. We celebrated my dad's birthday. We ordered lamb potstickers from the dim sum menu, oh my this was incredible, the meat was cooked very well. Another Chinese dish we ordered was 18 Monk Noodles, very delicious! For the Mexican taste we had some poblano flautas, it had duck, this was a special on their menu. It was rich with flavor! Then we added papas fritas. Of course I ordered Mexican Coke. We ended the meal with tres leches! Oh my this was decadent, and huge! Haha didn't expect it to be so wholesome. The manager, Jessica was incredible and so was our server! Highly recommend this to anyone visiting and to the locals. I'm coming here again!
2	For being in the Cosmopolitan you would think the food quality would be at least good. I found it to be just meh & edible. Poor execution of a concept, taste, portions & pricing. Highly overpriced, even for Vegas standards. We had the duck flautas, 20 veggie fried rice ($20) , & dim sum sampler (6 tiny portions), total $60.00 + tax & tip. Left still hungry and unfulfilled.
5	Another amazing dining experience, thanks to Jose Andres.Customer Service is through the roof. Our waiter was cool and helpful. We had no clue what to order and he picked some amazing courses for us. We ordered steam buns, mango sticky rice, pork tacos, and sui mai from what I can remember. The steam buns were light and full of flavor, perfectly soft. The pork tacos had this amazing heat to them without being spicy. The mango sticky rice was an incredibly light and playful paler pleaser. I have nothing but great things to say about Chino Poblano. It's definitely made my list of "must stop" locations when visiting Vegas.
4	good meal, everything was good. We had swallow a cloud soup, when pigs fly, golden pigs, fried wonton, langosta tacos, tinga poplana. The Chinese was good, highlight was the fried wonton, nice crisp and thin wrapper !!! And love street style Mexican food.
5	Loved the eclectic food choices, especially the sticky buns. Service rocked and gave us champagne (on the house) for our 10 year anniversary.
2	I have to say, the staff were all very pleasant and helpful. Helpful was good Because the menu confused us.Is it tapas, is it an Asian Mexican fusion...No. You can order Mexican food or Chinese food.I was hoping for fusion. Seemed interesting and curious when i thought that.Ended up a bit disappointed.  And overwhelmed.I had something with the number 18 in it. Smelled awesome. Tasted pretty decent. We shared the When Pigs Fly and it was ok. I wouldn't tell anyone that they HAVE to go there. I feel badly bashing it, It just wasn't that great. I feel like the prices were high for what it was, although it Is The Strip and that's what happens.Again, friendly staff. Also a real cool atmosphere and clean bathrooms
3	We decided to check this place out of curiosity. The cuisine is suppose to be Chinese and Mexican fusion but it's actually just the type of food that they serve there. To drink I ordered the Michelada with a Corona Light. It was pretty tasty and just what I needed after a serious night of heavy drinking ha For my main dish, I ordered the Chilaquiles: eggs, tortilla chips, cheese, cilantro, onions and topped with green chile sauce. It was okay. I've had better.
4	First off, the service was superb!  Our waitress and busboys were moving like lightning with a packed restaurant.  We ordered the Day of the Dead tasting menu for a party of seven and had:-When Pigs Fly-Siu Mai-Taquitos-Guacamole in small pasta cups-Lamb pot stickers-Fried wonton-Dan Dan Mian-Tuna ceviche-Chicken Ji Song-Col de asparagus-Shrimp Mojo-Dessert with coffee ice cream, bananas and chocolateIt wasn't cheap at $65/person, but dang there was a lot of food.  The food was good, not great, sometimes a little bland.  That, and the fact that a tiny margarita costs $13, lost them the fifth star.  Once again, great service!
3	Try to make reservations beforehand, convenient that they text you when your table is ready and it's nice that it's right across the sports book.  Overpriced tacos, but they are pretty good.  To be full you have to order at least a couple, and I'm not sure if they would do the job of prepping your stomach for a night of drinking.  This place serves small portions, even their Traditional Sui Mai (6 pcs) looked really sad in its large container.  They were pretty small in size compared to what I'm used to at traditional Chinese restaurants.  I had a soup since I was a bit under the weather, the Caldo Tlalpeno which had shredded chicken, rice, peas, carrots, avocado and chipotle.  It was a bit bland, but it was perfect for how I was feeling.  I don't think I'd go back to China Poblano again, unless it was for that same soup, but it certainly wouldn't make me that full unless I ordered tons more stuff.  The dinner definitely warranted another dinner #2 an hour or two later.
1	Literally the worst restaurant my friends and I have ever had. Dim sum sucks. The Asian soups were totally bland and the tacos were only decent at best. If you crave Mexican food, might as well go to Taco Bell and save your $$$$$$$$$$. For all of its high prices, you would think it's good or at least edible, but it's not even worth trying. RUN!!!!!!!!!!!Note: this review was only for the food since the service didn't even worth any star either. But it is also worth mentioning the service was slow, inattentive, and the restaurant wasn't even busy on a Wednesday night.
5	The food here was really good and fresh. We ate the Mongolian beef w/ lettuce and the 18 noodle. The food was very flavorful, the meat was tender, seasoning on spot, and noodles were fresh and cooked well.
5	After looking at other reviews I was skeptic of how this place would be, but gave it a try based on the menu. I'm glad I went despite others bad experiences because this was fantastic. We had the 18 noodle and the Mongolian Beef Lettuce, both incredible. If you're looking to get full it's going to cost you a lot, but if you're looking to try a few things tapas style it's fantastic. I highly recommend it.
5	Went there on the 24th for a special Ron Cooper Mescal Day of the Dead dinner.Lots of compliments. First to the host staff for being incredible. Second to the head bar tender ( I forgot her name). Again very friendly and very knowledgable. The dinner was great. All of the tasting items were fabulous. Will have to go back to work the menu, but the 9 course tasting menu was very good. Not OMG, but I did reach a point of having booze goggles on as every course has more mescal. Huge fan of Jaleo, so this wasn't a suprise.
2	I know I shouldn't have expected an authentic Chinese/Mexican restaurant, but I can't help it.  We were hungry, my grandma wanted to be at the Cosmo and we thought this place looked cool.  While it looks cool and the staff is very friendly, I was very disappointed with the food and the prices. My boyfriend bought...well, I can't remember the Spanish name for it, but he said it translates (literally) to Spoiled Cheese.  It was my first time trying it, but he said that it was mediocre for how much he was being charged ($10 for a small thing of cheese and a few tortillas on the side, WHAT).  I got the Papas Fritos, which was actually filling because it was really just a bunch of fries in mole and queso fresco.  It was ok, I expected there to be more cheese and the fries to be crispier. Also, again it was a small amount of fries and it was worth $7.  'Scuse me, but I could go to Robertos and get a huge ass box of Carne Asada Fries for that same price.  I would get five times as much as you gave me. My grandma got the pork buns (Siopao) and man.  That really disappointed me.  After being an avid Chinatown visitor of both LA and Las Vegas, and being of Filipino descent, I was appalled that these four, dainty buns were $12.  If you're going to charge that much, these buns better be damn good.  Nope.  I ate it all though because I didn't want to waste food that was expensive. it ended up being over $40 for just three plates.  Mind you, we didn't even order other beverages.  Oh, and they charge $4 for the chips and salsa. SERIOUSLY?! Sadly, the chips and salsa were the only good dish too.  I would rather go to Panda Express for "Chinese" or Taco Bell for "Mexican", that way we would've saved our money.
4	This was a neat and unique upscale blend of a restaurant with an identity crisis. This crisis however led to a nice fusion of Mexican and Chinese cuisine. A quaint and cozy setting inside the cosmopolitan hotel and located on their second floor China Poblano has delicious food with my vegetable fried brown rice with chicken having an amazing combination of Mexican and Chinese flavor. The prices are very reasonable for Las Vegas. Neither the restaurant, the setting, or the food blew my mind, but I would eat here again. The service was good and the ambience was enjoyable.
1	DO NOT waste your money and time!!  This is the most disgusting place in Las Vegas we have ever been to!!  Expensive and VERY small portions...overly salty..everything is drowned with soy sauce...you see I am Chinese and I know what REAL dim sum and chinese cusine should taste like and its certainly NOT THIS!!!  We spent $50 on 3 dishes plus one taco and we left still hungry..this place should NOT be in business!!!  GROSS!!!
3	We stopped in because they were open late and a friend said it was really good. It was good but as many others have said the price is a little steep. For some things there is a reasonable price and for some things not at all. We snacked on the lotus chips and they were great. We got the lamb gouza which sounded good but didn't blow us away. I liked it more than my BF did. The duck fluatas on the special menu sounded interesting and the mole was good but the duck was dry and lacked that fatty rich duck flavor. It was a disappointment. The BF said both of his tacos were pretty good. The stand out was the shu mai sampler. They were REALLY delicious. It was around 65 dollars before tip for two tacos, lotus chips, gouza, shu mai and fluatas and no drinks. Honestly we could eat a lot of really delicious things in Las Vegas for less and I am a person who would happily pay more for food it it delivered in both quality and taste. You could tell the quality was there, the taste was inconsistent across our dishes and that leaves me feeling like there was not a value to our meal. With so many places to try in Las Vegas I don't know if I would return but maybe for a snack of chips and shu mai because they really were special.
5	Awesome GF vegetarian options: ensalada remolacha, asparagus with sesame seeds, and mushroom tacos. Friendly staff, efficient service, and spunky atmosphere.
5	Our waiter informed us that this restaurant was more collaboration than fusion. At first this was confusing but after many small, delicious plates emerged from the kitchen, I understood. I love Chinese and Mexican food and this place brought out some great flavors from both nations. Pot stickers, dumplings, an awesome fried rice dish and a very tender Mongolian beef were complimented by tacos, guacamole..you get the idea. The hostesses graciously seated us right away on a packed night and the view from the casino/patio was outstanding. Not outrageously expensive either like most casino restaurants so overall a great choice in the Cosmo.
4	Amazing taste combinations - perfect marriage of exquisite handmade bbq pork buns (try the Golden Pig with a drizzle of condensed milk) and the savory Barbacoa de Res taco.  The Eastern Gin and Tonic was interesting but weak for $18 charge.  My margarita was good but also overpriced.  Compared to other dining in Cosmopolitan, this place was reasonably priced but still outrageous. If you are looking for less taste but better deals, try Holsteins next door (2nd floor)
4	If I was rating on taste alone, the food is flavorful and is well balanced and has good contrast in textures and deserves the four stars. I enjoyed the pork belly taco as well as the carnitas taco. The noodle dishes are flavorful as well. The handmade noodles have just the right chew. I do have to warn you that if you are hungry, this is probably not the right place for you unless you are prepared to spend a little extra casino winnings. If you are hungry , the torta is the way to go, but it doesn't quite have the same complexities of flavor as the other dishes. If I were to rate based on value, probably closer to 2.5 stars.
3	EXPENSIVE !!!Expect to be paying about $5.50-$10 for ONE TACO.I mean don't get me wrong, the tacos are pretty good, but DAMMM its expensive for such a small portion. They don't even use special taco shells, its just regular tortilla tacos.Viva China Taco(beef tendon/kumamoto oysters) $5.50This taco was really unique. The beef tendon was dried and had the texture of really thin beef jerky. It was glazed in an asian flavor sauce. Served with ONE semi-raw oyster and seaweed. It was different but good.Carnitas Taco $5.50(braised baby pig, pork rinds, spicy salsa verde cruda)This taco was basically filled with pulled pork. Topped with a spicy salsa that resembled spicy guacamole with chopped onions. Then two small pieces of pork rinds. It was good as well.18 Monk Noodle $14.88(hand cut wheat noodles, shiitake, crispy sweet potato, soy sauce)Honestly, these noodles were kind of disgusting. First of all, it was a really tiny portion served in a large bowl. The noodles were completely over-sauced and drenched in soy sauce which made it salty. It was definitely not worth the price tag and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone!Overall, we bought one bowl of noodles, and three tacos, and the bill came out to about $50. Not coming back here again.
2	I came here during my friends bachelorette party not knowing it was a Jose Andres restaurant.  I wanted something to eat before heading into the club, and this place was way overpriced, lacked quality? And portions are teeny.  On top of that I had to wait about 30 minutes for a super small taco, and the taco was just okay.
2	We couldn't believe this place. A tiny taco costs u $6. Come on, PLEASE. I ordered the noodle that the bartender recommended, It's so small that i thought "it's gotta take 4 of these to fill me up". When we wanted separate, he gave us a weird look. Come on man. you never asked us if we wanted separate checks. Save your money, take a cab to Chinatown (2 miles from the strip). and get some real Chinese (or Vietnamese, or Korean).
4	I've died and gone to the hacienda in the sky! Are you kidding me?!! Fluffy, meringue like salt ion top a fresh lime margarita. Just try and remove me from this bar stool! Between the barbacoa taco, chorizo with my fondido, chipotle salsa and now the Salt Air Margs, I need to eat here daily!  The chips the best, I hear they make em too. I'm watching the lady make those fab corn torts this place may be in Vegas but I feel like I'm in the Yucatan.  I love the Cosmo hotel my go to stay when in Vegas now I think I'll stay more often.
1	Always a bad sign when the waitress askes you to remove your dirty fork fron your dirty plate to put on your dirty table for second course. Would hate to trouble you after charging $18 for fried cheese tapas. Seriously? I think we have grown accustom to 20% and have totally stopped working for it.
5	Walking in the place has a very relaxed vibe and beware the chairs are heavier than they look. HaOur waiter recommended the mango margarita which has the perfect hint of spice. I took him up on it and was not sorry. We ordered the chips and salsa, fried wontons, several tacos and a Caesar salad. The first thing that came out was our tacos, random. However, they were delicious! If you're not too hungry go that route. The salsa is a chipotle style so it was a nice contrast. They add a spice to the chips that rocks. The wontons are not crazy deep fried and they come with a nice sauce. I didn't eat the salad but my mate said it was the best he's had in awhile, I'll take his word for it. It was a casual easy going experience and I definitely recommend trying it!
5	Las Vegas in between the aria and Cosmo Afreakingmazing Dan dan noodlesPruselas (Brussels)Chilaquiles amazingWhen pigs fly Try the bajaDon't get the lobster taco
5	At first I was hesitant to try this place because I am not really a big fan of Mexican food, but this place surprised me. Combining chinese and Mexican food is a wow. Most of the food made authentic. The traditional Siomai was my favorite. They actually put gold on top. It was pretty good.They have weird names of soup but oh my god, taste so good. The dessert is also amazing, my favorite is the sticky rice with mango but with a twist. This place really surprised their customers. They are very creative. They have good customer service and they are ready to help you with your questions and orders. The place is Beside marquee. They have a comfortable lounge outside while waiting for your seAt and table. The service is fast and the food is incomparable. I will come back here and I will recommend this to my friends.
3	The verdict in this place...identity crisis? This place is not fusion. It truly does serve both Chinese and Mexican cuisines. The server deems it authentic, but with a culinary twist. So, if the Chinese dishes may be a favorite for you at your Chinese restaurant, then it may not be what you expect at China Poblano. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. But overpriced and super salty. The Ocean's Nest pan fried seafood noodle was almost $40. Way too salty. The Dian Dian Mian was good but salty again.
1	Very very little serve and very very expensive I ordered a Dan Dan Mian.  Very large bowl but you can finish it within two bites!  Kengdiebility!
4	I've been here a few times, it's an interesting mix of Mexican and Chinese.  Some of the items are really hit or miss.  The last time we went we sat at the bar and Sarah schooled us on tequila, that girl is full of tequila knowledge, some really interesting stuff.  We had a few tequila flights, very interesting taste testing.  The caldo tlalpeno wasn't that good had a odd flavor.  The 20 vegetable fried rice ($19.88)was just ok, until I added monk sauce($2.88), it added some flavor to it. The rou jia sandwich was pretty good, the pork was very sweet tasting.  Now the shrimp mojo, looked bad, but was very good.  Would I suggest this place, boy that's a tough one, the menu is such a mine field, maybe I would and suggest sticking to the tacos and tequila.
2	Looking at the menu was upsetting. I think it set the mood all wrong. $5 for ONE taco$8 for FRENCH FRIES the size of an in n out fries.$12 for a bowl of SOUP/POSOLEThen we were like screw it we are hungry so we are just going to order. The restaurant is located in Cosmo on the second floor I believe. It's casual but pricey. Half the restaurant is Asian cuisine and the other half is Mexican. We came in cause it looked casual and the ambience was nice and colorful casual informal unlike many of the other eateries in Cosmo. Food was average not that great for my expectations of a $5 taco and $8 fries.French fries were just whatever in a small basket with a mole taste like soy sauce dipping sauce. We asked for ketchup. NO KETCHUP?? But you serve fries I just don't understand. Soup was all right. Posole. Usually I like posole but this one was Okay. Had to add a bunch of limes. The Hawaiian heart of Palm salad was unique. My mom liked it cause she has never had it. Overall would not come back again. Only nice thing was that the man gave us a disclaimer that everything was tapas style. I love tapas but here is not the place to eat when you're hungry and want good food worth your buck.
2	My wife and I dined here on Christmas Eve with another couple. The restaurant was maybe two-thirds full and we were happy to be sat at our table 20 minutes prior to the start of our 7:00pm reservation. Our drink and food orders were taken promptly and all was going well until we received the bill. This was at 7:30pm.Our waiter assured us that it was no problem to split the checks per couple. We obliged and he said he would return with a check for each couple. The checks he dropped were wrong and we asked for them to be corrected. In addition, I reminded him that I had comp points on my Cosmopolitan players card that I would like to be used. I even wrote it on the itemized receipt as a reminder. He returned with the correct checks and took our credit cards as well as my Players Card, came back to our table with the cards swiped and I notice he hadn't used my comp points. He took my check again and applied the comp points.We leave the restaurant at 8:25pm.It took us longer to pay our bill than it did for us order and eat our food. We could not have been more disappointed with our experience. To make matters worse our waiter did not even acknowledge the fact that he took 55 minutes to cash us out. As a Vegas local it always amazes me that, in a town that prides itself on the Hospitality industry, that we would find such terrible customer service. My wife and I will not be back. The food was alright, but the lack of attention to detail by our server ruined our dining experience.
2	The service was adequate, and menu choices were a little more than a little overpriced. I ordered the street style pork sandwich, the pork was pretty much the equivalent of a blue rare. The sandwich was the size of a small biscuit, and depressingly unfilling. Before this, i had ordered a pork taco with green salsa (forgot name, sorry, this review is written in retrospect), and the pork was well cooked, except that the taco was soggy as a result of the pork grease. My friend had dim sum, so size wasn't much of a problem for her, she did say though, the dim sum had an off-putting oder, but tasted fine. Overall, the place was sub-par and I wouldn't go here again. Another note: The drinks offered there are served in bottles, which means no free refills. Just know that these bottles are the size of a soda can, and depending on what you order, you may or may not be getting less than your money's worth(or even less still), as some of the bottles are smaller than others. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, overpriced and the food is repulsive.
1	I liked this place until I find out a long hair in my vegetable fried rice until I find out. I wouldn't come back this place.
4	When you're Hungry... and I mean HUNGRAY! Give this combo Asian and Mexican fusion a try. I was pleasantly surprised. I Will Most Def Go Back... and the cute bartender extraordinaire Sarah is an Amazing and well trained specialist. She'll Hook You UP!
4	Great food and service. The golden pork buns are amazing! Using the condensed milk as a doing sauce is genius, as only Chef Andres could do.
1	My god. This is the worst restaurant in the strip. The worst restaurant I tried in 2014. You get the idea. It exemplifies why fusion food is sometimes a bad idea. We arrived in a group of 10 and shared a lot of food. Every time I took a bite, I instantly thought of some place where the dish is so much better. $6 taco? Even the $1.50 ones from the taco truck from the ghetto are so much better. The noodle dishes are an embarrassment to the Chinese. Save your money!!
5	This place is amazing! Drinks are out of this world.
2	This restaurant confuses me. Perfect example of bad fusion. It's not even really fusion since it's just 2 concepts in the same restaurant (you can get a taco and noodles). I had the open sesame which was ok. Not bad, not good but definitely not worth the $14. Friend has the pork sandwich ($10) that was TINY. And he got his meal 5 minutes before us and has already finished it before we got our noodles. Bad timing. The customer service was good, everyone was nice but overall was a weird experience. Just not worth the money.
2	WaYYYY overpriced! Food is ok nothing to great. The menu was terrible to describe the Chinese food. I ordered the Open Sesame. Was pretty good. The atmosphere gives asian fusion a bad name. If your looking for a place to eat at in the Cosmo, do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else. Your wallet and taste buds will thank you. I will say the customer service was excellent. Nice staff.
5	Scallops were delicious. If you get an Identity Membership card at the front desk (free btw) you get a complimentary margarita with the purchase of a margarita.Overall, definitely an interesting menu combining both latin and asian cuisine to form a fusion of deliciousness.
1	The first problem is the price and portions. The prices were outrageously high while you got a tiny portion. The second problem is that the food tasted horrible. Then there was the horrible service. The couple next to my family left mad and I think they made the right decision.
3	It satisfied its purpose. We had a reservation for New Years, the place was swamped. There was six of us and we each had different dishes. We ordered guacamole, and chips and salsa to start off. The salsa was really good and gave us time to check out the menu. We had ordered drinks which took around 15-20 minutes to arrive. They were simple drinks; beer, vodka soda, gin soda, etcetera. The server said he'd explain the menu eventually but never really got around to it. I ordered chilaquiles and added chicken to them (which is very common in the original dish), the chicken came separate and seemed to have been dipped in oil. I still threw it on the hot pan that contained the chilaquiles and mixed them together (which should've been done in the kitchen, I think), and proceeded to eat. They were okay, nothing remarkable. At the end, we got the check all together for the group. I guess the rush did let the server have separate tabs(?).  Surprisingly, they had already added the "gratuity" in the check and the server forgot to mention it. Once again, this was during New Years Eve. May be a single occasion but I still would have expected more at a restaurant inside a casino.
1	Overpriced and not a good flavor on food!,...I eat at very good restaurants and I don't mind spending couple hundred dollars, but... $6 for a jarritos drink?!?!?!?!... No way!!!!...the soda is $.99 cents at the store, PLUS my friend got the runs from the chilaquiles..... I would never comeback or recommend it to any of my friends.
1	My friends and I had dinner Saturday night after New Years, and the food totally sucked, it made me sick right after I finished eating. I had the chilaquiles and one tinga taco and it game diarrhea in less than 5min took me twice to the restroom ... I was in there for 10min both times .. I totally do not recommend this place. Totally over price$$$ whoever says this place is good it's probably because they had never taste real mexican food.
3	Good food! I have enjoyed all their tacos and their 20 vegetable fried rice. I have also enjoyed their chilaquiles. They don't seem to get the idea of "well done" fried egg. I did have to return it three times. I finally just gave up! Drinks are pricey. I mean $6 for a tiny ginger ale! Food is also a bit pricey but I have enjoyed it every time I have been there. Will go back in the future.
