4	Sandhu is situated on Papineau and Mont-Royal just to the right of La Tulipe. This neighborhood has a very busy nightlife with restaurants, bars, cabarets and nightclubs scattered all around the place. Sandhu is not expensive at all (surely if you compare it to other Italian restaurants in general and other restaurants in Plateau-Mont Royal area in particular). It is the BEST value for money restaurant in the whole Plateau-Mont Royal neighborhood. It isn't a BYOB restaurant but we didn't order wine and ended up paying around $50 for two persons (entree, main dish and dessert for one with two spoons :-) tips and taxes included)The front facade of this restaurant is all glass so I'd recommend getting a table near it. It's basically if you were eating on a side-walk but were isolated from all the noise, dust and exhaust emissions. Their dining-hall is pretty big and you don't get the crampy feeling that you get in most of these Plateau restaurants (real-estate is at a premium in this area).Our waitress was very nice and cheerful and the service in general was very efficient. I chose a soup as entree while my friend went for their hot garlic bread with cheese. For the main course I went for stuffed veal escalope with sauteed vegetables while my friend ordered a 4-fromaggi pizza. Both of these items were very delicious. The pizza was of a very good size and my veal portion was huge. With all our soup and garlic bread entree already inside us, we weren't able to finish the main course.For dessert, there was Tiramisu which was excellent and then espresso to finish the dinner.I was pleasantly surprised to see the bill which was below my expectations for what we had ordered (this resulted in a hefty tip for the waitress hehe). A very good experience. If you're in the neighborhood give this restaurant a try, you won't be disappointed (don't forget to make a reservation though).
5	Very nice restaurant, food is tasty, tried : chicken butter, chicken massala and chicken madras, they are all delicious. Food is delivered very quickly. If you like indian food and not expensive ( 40$ ) for two persons.
