4	This restaurant was such a treat. After the BIXI around Montreal, walking around old city, you will find this restaurant in a quieter street in old city. We had the tasting menu. It was delicious!
1	My wife and I visited l'Autre Version on a Friday night during our vacation from the United States. It was our second night in Montreal; the first of which was spent at an outstanding restaurant serving traditional French food. We had heard good things about l'Autre Version, so our expectations were high going into the meal. Although our dinner started off well, we were soon sorely disappointed. When our entrees arrived, my wife received something she did not order. Mistakes happen, and we took it in stride, but what followed was an unacceptable lapse in customer service that should never have happened in a restaurant of the caliber at which l'Autre Version claims to be. First, the waiter (likely in an effort to make life easier for himself) convinced me to keep my entree rather than ask the kitchen to make a new one, promising us that her entree would be out in ten minutes or less. 25 minutes later, my wife received her dinner after my plate was mostly cleared (and the rest of my food now cold) despite my efforts to eat slowly so that we could eat part of our dinner together. During this time, our waiter checked in once--after my wife's wine glass was already empty--to tell us that her meal would be out in two minutes (it wasn't). After she received her meal, he disappeared again until time to deliver the check--comping a glass of wine for my wife and half of her $30+ entree. My wine glass, long drained by that point (the pours were particularly stingy) apparently was never noticed. Maybe our waiter was embarrassed or maybe he just didn't care, but the level of service is certainly some of the worst we have ever experienced. The waiter was correct when he said that comping half of my wife's meal was "the least" the restaurant could do; he certainly made no effort to do anything more than that. We recommend that you skip l'Autre Version.
5	Without reservations on a Saturday, this was the best "unplanned measure" to impress a date!! Not sure of the reviews regarding poor service, because the entire "Team" was outstanding. If you are looking for a top-notch experience, L'Autre Version is your place. Before I could think of my needs, the server team was already moving in sync to first anticipate and then  over-deliver in expectations! Oh -- the team also presented themselves in an unassuming manner and took cues from our progress to not disrupt our ebb and flow throughout the experience. Again -- clearly, the team is well versed on the menu, training, and understand the end-user is the customer. Thanks! Menu was perfect for a selective 'pescatarian' with a nose for pairings of wine.  If you too are a freak about an all-inclusive indulgence -- this was it! Can't wait to return to Montreal for this special treat.
5	Not closed. We enjoyed our roof immensely. Presentation and service top rated.
4	3.5I liked L'Autre Version more than I expected I would. I am usually not very enamored of places that look like they were designed by senior citizens who still go to nightclubs. Paying for decor, especially when it's silly, is not my idea of a value proposition. But the venison tartar was good and fresh. Pickled cauliflower was a good, bracing accompaniment, but almost too dominant. A fairly classic roast duck presentation was better still, though I'd like a mushroom that better complements the bird. Who wouldn't?Under ordinary circumstances I would have indicated a 3.5 star rating with three stars above. But I think it's important that this place's average review score reflect reality. And not disaffected complaints.Our service, if you're wondering, was very good.
1	The service was horrible.  The food was mediocre for the price point of $100 per person.  The restaurant staff has a responsibility to diners to inform them that they have a party of 30 that they have sat during prime dinner hours.35 minutes to receive the 1st course is unheard of.  Was at least 15 - 20 minutes between successive courses. $14 for a Manhattan cocktail makes you wonder if you are in Manhattan.Under poured wine is a disgrace, especially when the glasses are marked for pour levels.Waitstaff made no attempts at explaining the delays, until we brought to their attention that we saw the party of 30 people leave the building.For $100 per person, the evening was a total failure in our book.
4	Great food, good service, beautiful outdoor dining space (the interior was a bit dark and unappealing).  We had a large party of 10 and chose to sit outside in the beautiful courtyard. When it got a bit too sunny and hot, the staff moved three large ( and heavy ) shade umbrellas for us in order to keep us cool. The food was beautifully presented and tasted great as well. I will definitely be back.
5	We had an early dinner reservation. I think we were literally the first diners to be seated. I recall service was leisurely attentive, which was fine with us. Nice atmosphere to spend some time. I don't specifically recall what we ate for dinner (this review is over a year post visit.) what I do remember are the DESSERTS. They are served as themed tasting plates. Beautifully presented. I had "le chocolat." Wife had "led sucres." some of the most delectable bites of sweetness I've ever indulged, particularly "les sucres." A top notch dining experience.
