4	I was here for a show in May with two other people.  Even though we got there over an hour before "door time", people were inside and every table was taken.  We ended up sitting at the bar and watching the show from there.  I don't recommend watching a show from the bar unless you don't mind your view being obstructed constantly.  We ordered some appetizers, all of which were generous portions and very tasty.  The bartender was really cool and kept our martini glasses full (try the upside-down pineapple cake martini - MMM!).  Door staff was courteous, and the sound for the show was good considering how tiny the place is.  Club Cafe is located just off of East Carson, so it's near all the action but off the beaten path.  I'll definitely be back if I ever visit Pittsburgh again, if only for the food & drink!
4	Club Cafe is great.  It's small and cozy (which works for the type of shows they do) and it's got a great vibe.  The appetizers and drinks are all good and we were happy with the beer selection.  I was also impressed with how friendly and helpful the door staff and waitresses were.  The sound in Club Cafe really was good, especially for a small venue.
3	Club Cafe can be a great little venue. The sound quality is hit or miss. The last show I went to the band ended up berating the sound guy the whole time. As a previous reviewer mentioned, if you don't want to stand or have an obstructed view, get to the show early, especially if it's a well-known national act. One great benefit of Club Cafe is their Yuengling special. All day every day, $2.50 including the dreaded drink tax. Go to Club Cafe for its intimate size which is best suited for small bands and especially folk musicians. If you're seeing a band with more than 3 members, bring some earplugs. Luckily, the reasonable entry and cheap yuengling make this a great opportunity to check out new-to-you bands on the south side.
5	Very nice intimate music club! The open mic is a well attended event and it was actually the best I have ever attended or played. I would imagine I would not want to see a band larger than 3 people there as the  previous reviewer mentioned.
2	meh, decent venue.  the music is a wide range to accommodate all types of listeners.  the ventilation system, if there is one, is pretty bad.  it's gets very, very stuffy in there.  good thing there is a smoking ban but the smell sometimes gets a little rough since there is a lack of flowing air.  beer and drink selection is standard as are the mixing capabilities of the bartenders.  i've had better, i've had worse.  your drink wait time can vary from quick to AA meeting.  good thing the color changing bar is there to keep you occupied while your sobering up.  their sound system is great but their sound guy is less than the pittsburgh standard; as always, you get what you pay for.  gets a little crowded in there sometimes but lately, what place doesn't.  never had the door person or a bartender give me attitude; they're always very cool.  but that's where it ends as i've met everyone that's involved with the place.  overall i would say there are much better places to go on the south side.
5	This is as much a concert review as it is a review of the venue.  Club Cafe is one of the great intimate venues in Pittsbrugh.  I've seen several shows here in the past and I'm surprised I haven't written a review of it before.  It's true, the sound quality can be a little bit hit or miss.  And because it's small, you have to get there early if you don't want to stand for the whole show.  Those slight drawbacks aside, the service here is friendly, the appetizers are good, and the drink selections are decent.My girlfriends and I were here this past weekend to see Bill Deasy.  Having been thwarted in our attempt last weekend (because the tickets were sold out), we saw him here.  It kind of worked out for the better because last week's show was in Washington, PA.  Club Cafe is MUCH closer to my house in Squirrel Hill.  I've been Bill Deasy fan for years dating back to his Bill Deasy Band days and I would get an older relative to take me to his all-ages shows.  I've seen him in each format he's played in:  Bill Deasy/Bill Deasy Band/Gathering Field.I can remember when in 1995 with Gathering Field, he scored a huge regional hit "Lost In America".  That song is based on Jack Kerouac and 15 years later it still gets to me, especially the line "He silenced her raging seas".  The song and album gathered the attention of Atlantic Records who reissued the album in 1996, but the album and subsequently the band were quickly forgotten when Atlantic went through a period of restructuring.The great thing about Deasy is he has continued writing strong material.  His stuff varies including folk rock, alt country, roots rock, and rock-n-roll.  One thing I like is he's still not milking it off of "Lost In America" and this past weekend's show was ample proof of that.  If you like Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers, Son Volt, Woodie Guthrie, et. al., then you owe it to yourself to check out Bill Deasy/Bill Deasy Band/Gathering Field.  The opening act was Laura Shay, an up-an-comer from Philadelphia.  I didn't know too much about her (in fact I knew nothing about her), but she seemed to hold her own as the opener.  She's like singer Trina Hamlin, playing introspective and passionate music.
4	The drinks are overpriced... however(!) this is a great little intimate spot to see an up and coming band.  The bartenders are decent.  The people are friendly at most shows.  The bands play on a stage right in the middle of the floor, so really you could chat afterwards with them.  it's in a good place in the South Side.  It's located near the 10th street bridge so vacating South Side after a show is simple, provided you parked near it.  Also taxi's are easy to catch from
4	Great place to see live music.  The have really neat club seating and a swanky bar with standing room in between.  The drinks are really expensive, but are made very well.   I have seen some amazing jazz trios here, and the small stage works well for singer/songwriters too, just not so good for full bands.
4	The bartender's were pleasantly attentive, and the dark table seating along the wall is cozy. It's not a huge venue, making for a memorable live show with an engaged audience. The stage isn't raised very much, either, so if you are a media person like me, it's a great spot to shoot and film, especially with the stage lighting. I did like that they had a place to hang your coat. I hate sitting on my coat as it hangs over a bar stool and gets alcohol spilled all over it! Unlike other reviewers, I didn't think the drinks were expensive at all. I picked up the tab for 4 drinks and it was only $18. Than again, I am from Miami.. There, we pay $18 for one drink. Also paid $12 to get in... but with 3 bands playing, I am always happy to support the musicians! I will definitely keep this place on my radar for live shows!
4	I really like this place. Its very small and intimate, that being said it can get very crowded for shows. Last time I was there was to see Murder By Death which in my opinion was a perfect venue to see them play. Drinks can be expensive and the bartenders service is lackluster, but that's how the story goes.
3	I like the featured live music at this venue.  Biggest problem is the small size of this club.  That makes for an intimate setting, but during popular shows the place becomes a sardine can rather quick!  The drinks tend to be expensive considering the lack of actual alcohol they contain.  Music quality is an A+ but the rest falls in the mid C range.
4	I have been living in Pittsburgh since Sept.  One of my first outings here was to Club Cafe. I am a music junkie and I'm constantly looking for places that cater to musicians.  I came to Club Cafe on a Monday for open mic night.  My friend singer/songwriter Rachel Lynne (also newbie to the burgh) brought me here. Being open mic night, she was ready to let me hear that angelic voice of hers. Walking in, I was pleased with Club Cafe's intimate setting.  Having lived in music friendly cities such as: LA, Miami, Houston, Dallas, I was filled with joy when I saw the stage and all the instruments waiting eager to get played. The place was pretty packed, therefore opted to sit at the bar.  The friendly bartender immediately acknowledged us.  Big PLUS on my book.  Took our drink order and handed us menus.  With a quick glance, I immediately came across to my now favorite drinking snack; a warm stuffed pepper jack cheese pretzel.  IT'S DELICIOUS!!!   So good, that we may have eaten four between the two of us.  YUM!!The musicians performing were all very talented.  I must admit, I was concerned I would be stuck hearing Karaoke like performances.  To my surprise it was nothing like that, I was especially pleased with Rachel Lynne's performance. Her voice is truly angelic. Overall, for one of my first outings in Pittsburgh I had a great night.  Got to hear great musicians, greeted by friendly staff and eat the most amazing pretzel with my beer.  Since then, I have visited Club Cafe again and am sure it will be one of my favorite spots here in Pittsburgh.  Like I said at the beginning, I am a music junkie.
4	Club cafe is a hidden gem in the Southside that caters to the true musicians in the area. I rarely have seen the maniac party sceners that are screaming and fist pumping just a few blocks away.It is dark, and intimate with a hazy blue lit aura. There are many small tables scattered closely together. You can pull them together for a larger group and drink cocktails. Not sure why but I get an image of a smokey blues club in NYC.As the performers take the stage they will be the ones to set the mood between acts, sometimes it's very chill and you will be mesmerized by a powerful sultry voice, or you will be jumping out of your seats dancing. Some seats are so close to the stage that the spotlight separates the stage and just feet away you are plunged into darkness away from the light divide.I have come to several shows featuring local bands and then saw the Avett Brothers who are incendiary and have gotten huge! Some of the bands are newbies but then others just take a second to research, you have to pay attention to who may be coming to town because you would be surprised with the high end level performers who stop at this little place. I appreciate that they have an open mic night and are supporters of the local music scene.They do serve bar type food and appetizer bites. I know they have cocktail servers but at times as people are strewn about the place when it's busy it can be hard to get to you, run to the bar during intermission or order when the crowd has settled.All in all this is a great music venue serving a certain Pittsburgh niche but all kinds of social types frequent this establishment. I need to get back soon!
4	Saw The Civil Wars here with my wife on 4/2/11.   I had lost my original tickets to the show and they were kind enough to let us in by leaving new tickets at will call.  Very cool little place to see a show.  $3 Yuengling drafts are helpful, also.
3	Great sounding venue. Nice Monday open mic. Seems a little clique-ish, but there is some great talent that comes through from time to time. I played here with two bands too. The house sound guy kind of sucked for us because we weren't "pro" enough for him. Dick.
4	Club Cafe is a great little venue with a wide array of entartainment. Just last night I went to a story slam, they have weekly open mic nights as well as larger performers. The staff is always very friendly and the bar tenders are quick with a drink.
4	This is a small acoustic club that is definitely worth the visit.  There is limited seating so plan to arrive early if you want a seat.  The food is pretty good and the service is very good.  I have seen some great shows here and plan to go back often.
3	Great small club for intimate shows.  Depending on what you order, drinks can be expensive.
4	What can I say about Club Cafe...? It's a harmonious place for hipsters and bands to come along. Their light, simple fare pairs well with what you'd expect from a little club. Their menu includes chicken wraps, hummus, and small pizzas that all go along very will with a PBR pounder, which is only $3. Their beer selections are spot on with IPA influences. Their cocktails are nothing spectacular, but they are definitely whiskey based. Honestly, I happily wouldn't expect anything other than IPA's and Whiskey at Club Cafe, and I'm perfectly fine with that. So what I'm trying to say is, if you want to go out and have a good time and see a band that'll keep your head bopping, go to Club Cafe and order a  PBR. You won't regret it.
4	Let me start off by saying if given the choice to either have a colonoscopy or go to the South Side at night on the weekend...I would have a serious debate on my hands. Between the 21st birthdays, bachelorette parties, mascara smeared girls crying over a recent break up, and the testosterone induced, overly aggressive affliction wearing individuals, I have a hard time conjuring up much desire to make my way through the labyrinth of Pittsburgh's finest. Fortunately for us, there are some gems on this boulevard of broken dreams. Club Cafe happens to be one of those gems. It is a wonderful spot for those who enjoy entertaining their earlobes with the sound of music minus Julie Andrews. The stage is small but close. The overall atmosphere here is rather chill and great for a relaxing evening. The price is right (Bob Barker also not included) with a small menu for food but a good one. Believe it or not, despite what you may think, you actually don't even have to drink here. If you feel like hanging out with a cup o' joe here..it works..I've done it. From what I hear too they have a pretty happening breakfast but I can't speak for it myself....yet.Typically there will be a cover for any music there but assuming it's a band you want to see, it's rather reasonable. So if you find yourself in need of a place to go on the weekend and you feel like delving to the 7th circle of hell location wise...check out Club Cafe, you won't be disappointed.
4	Attended the Stephen Kellogg and the Sixers show on June 13, 2012.  Absolutely loved the venue, intimate and cozy and very friendly and efficient staff.  Parking was easy (a lot right down the street at $1/hr til 11pm or street parking, usually enforced 'til 6pm).  Plenty of dining options around the place, too.  I'll certainly be back if a show catches my eye!
4	I'll admit it. This place is pretty cool. If someone would've described Club Cafe to me ahead of time (hipster-ish?), I probably would've rolled my eyes and said "pass." Instead, the blue lights half a block away caught my attention as I was wandering down East Carson Street, so I decided to venture in and check it out.It was busy but not overly crowded for a Monday night, which I quickly found out was open-mic night. I grabbed a chair at the bar and turned it around to face the small, intimate stage up front, already showcasing some local band. For the next hour or so, various musicians with guitars in hand played individual acoustic selections to the appreciative crowd. At the end, a group somewhat reminiscent of Mumford & Sons, played a couple of tunes to close out the night.Having never really experienced a place like this before, I left in a good mood, having enjoyed some great music by talented locals. It was a refreshing change of pace from the other typical watering holes and sports bars all around the city.Tip: Try the Atwater Vanilla Java Porter. Delicious!
4	I've always enjoyed shows at Club Cafe. The sound is great, and it's hard to beat such a chill, intimate venue! Service is surprisingly good most of the time, despite how packed it can get for shows.As far as the food goes...the regular food menu is so-so, but the new Sunday brunch is awesome! I was really surprised by how good the food was. The excellent service  for brunch was a nice addition, as well!Try the weekly locally-farmed omelette specials and the granola french toast. Both excellent!
4	While I have been here many times for the music venue, last Sunday was the first time for the brunch and really, where have you been all my life?!?!?!When I lived in NYC, Sunday brunch was what I lived for.  Fancy food, awesome drinks, chill venue.  Here in Pitt, a bit harder to find.  But Club Cafe, as strange a venue for brunch as any, definitely lived up to my big city expectations.  The husband and I came at 11 am and the place was already pretty packed.  There was a large crowd at the bar, but they were quiet and reasonably behaved.  They stuff a bunch of chairs and tables up onto the stage area in such a way that J didn't even realize where the stage should go in that place. The only downside was how cold it was in there.  I had on a coat and wished I had on a wool sweater.  Some heat wouldn't kill you!I started out the Coffee Chata Chill.  Honestly, I wish I was still there drinking it.  It's kind of like a frappaccino but with rum with maybe a hint of chai in there.  All in all, one of the awesomest drinks ever.  Goes down smooth.  They have a lot of Bloody Mary's - normally my Sunday staple - and I will have to return to try them all .  They have them in a flight, so you can try the vodka, gin and tequila Mary's.I had the shrimp and grits.  J had the traditional breakfast with ham and bacon.  The bacon was awesome.  We like to think of ourselves as bacon aficionados and this bacon definitely was up there.  My grits were creamy and lightly spiced with tumeric and goat cheese.  The shrimp were spicy and fresh.  J's eggs were perfectly cooked, the bread was grilled and the potatoes weren't greasy.  If they figure out the heating situation (and honestly even if they don't, just be warned to bring a sweater!!!), the food is outstanding, the drinks are awesome and it's still new enough that it is not overwhelmed with people.  Come for the shows, come back the next morning for the food.  Outstanding!
4	We're really lucky to have such a cool, intimate space to experience live music here in the Burgh. I carefully picked the word "experience" because it's not just packing yourself into a concert venue and seeing a dot in front of you that's supposed to be a performer.Here, you're up close and personal, and that's what music is all about. I came to see Martha Wainwright and it was just that. I saw her as not a dot, but a person performing some great songs right in front of me. Sounded great and went with the chill environment of people sitting enjoying the tunes.Best part? Okay, well, other than the music was Atwater Vanilla Java Porter on tap! I'm so into that beer, and on tap!? Amazing! Looking at the chalkboard of drafts, their list seemed pretty solidly stacked with the goods. Plus, with a new brunch service, I'm definitely going to be visiting more often. Food AND music, I'm in!
5	I seriously don't care that much about food, but their brunch is exceptional.
3	I dined here, but in the interest of full disclosure, I must note that this was during a Josh Krajick performance.The food I found to be fresh, and tasty, but relatively overpriced. The portion size was rather small, compared to what I expected. All in all though, I've had far worse food for far more money in other concert venues.And that is where this location shines, as a concert venue it's one of the most entertaining I've been to. Comfortable seating, full bar, and the feeling that I get to really interact with the performer? With the right kind of showman, this can't be beat, and Josh Krajick didn't disappoint. I would definitely return to this venue if they have any performers I'm interested in seeing.
3	It's exciting that they are now doing brunch. I wish more places in south side would start seeing its a good idea. I've been there twice now, I've ordered the same thing both times "moms chicken sandwich" (I think that's the name of it) and its really good!  Problem is the portions are small. It's not terribly priced for what it is, but I walked away still hungry and I am really not a big eater. They give you a small green salad (with nothing in it) and that's it. They also have brunch drinks and their mimosas are cheap and good.
4	Sunday Brunch. Not my pick but I'm always up to try something new. I arrived at 11:30 on a recent Sunday. The bar was turned into a restaurant complete with tables on the stage. They warn you to watch your step. I can see why. I would be the one who falls face first and sprains and ankle. The decor is exactly what is to be expected. Imagine waking up with a hang over and wandering into the bar you ended the night at only, it's sunny out and the lights are on. This type of place should remain in the dark. The menu has some creative options. Small menu but a good mix of lunch and breakfast items. I chose the granola french toast. Our server informed us that it was prepared a little differently than what was on the menu. They had been serving it with a red wine sauce. Sounded good to me. I also added on the maple bacon. Then we waited and waited. Our server came over three times and told us our food would be out soon. When we were finally presented with our meals we had been at the restaurant for almost an hour. Not what I would expect for brunch. We were also informed that we got the last two orders of the french toast. The maple bacon was on point. Sweet, salty, thick and cooked to perfection. The french toast was crusted with granola. The berries on top were cooked in the wine sauce which I felt was lacking. These thick pieces of french toast had a hearty helping of granola on top. For me, this dish was screaming for a generous helping of a thick and creamy sauce to balance out the dryness of the granola. A large dollop of a pudding like consistency sauce would have been perfect. Overall, the dish was good but not great.
5	The Sunday brunch is amazing. I completely recommend the French toast if you can't decide.
3	i was torn whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars. i've been here several times to see bands, but never to eat. so until i try the food, i'm going with 3.the size of club cafe is both a blessing and a curse. it's a very small, intimate space, which is usually good for the bands they book. but when someone a little more popular plays, you're out of luck on a seat, and probably even dance space. chances are, you'll end up trying to peer around the poles to even see the band.but size is relative to everyone's opinion. it IS nice to be able to possibly be front and center for a really cool band. but buy your tickets online ahead of time if you have the chance because they're $12 at the door.as far as drinks go, i've only had beer, they have several on tap that are usually pretty good and the prices really aren't bad. (the only problem i ever had with money there was when someone bought me a drink chip and i wanted something other than a basic draft, completely willing to pay the difference in cash and i wasn't allowed.)the menu LOOKS tasty, but i've never had the food. i hear they have a brunch buffet too, which i'd really like to check out.
4	Seems like a great, intimate venue to see a show. Saw a great band, Broke Stranded and Ugly, while I was there. Their craft beer can be a bit pricey (like everywhere else), but they had a special on PBR later in the night which was just a few dollars. I saw Rhett Miller from the Old 97's was doing a solo show there sooom after, so they seem to get some more well-known acts as well. I'll check out another show here.
5	This is a nice little venue. I've gone here a few times once was for brunch and it was delicious . I've gone there also to see some bands play like my favorite The Semi-Supervillians since its not a big place you can get up close to the band.  Another thing I love about this place is even though they have a bar and serve drinks it is a non-smoking venue
4	This is a perfect sized music venue, in my opinion. I'd rather drown in the sweat of a small crowd than be lost in a sea of people, or worse yet, swimming in a large open space with small schools of humans lingering in separate pools. Here, no matter how many people show up, the energy of the show is palpable and contained. The sound has been nearly great, in my experiences, which puts Club Cafe well above and beyond most other venues (insert more water metaphors here). I think Club Cafe looks really cool from the outside but doesn't feel too cool (ie. pretentious) inside and actually lacks character, making it a nice neutral space to suit any genre. But it's pretty rare for them to book shows that are of interest to me, so I don't necessarily follow or monitor their schedule. Service is efficient, but sometimes the drinks are weak, and I really hate going to the Southside.
4	While I'm not a regular, I've been here over a dozen times in the past five or six years, so I feel like I have a good idea of what Club Cafe does right.It's a small, cozy live music venue that serves food and beverages. Depending on the show or event, there are (or aren't) a fair number of tables. No matter what, though, there's a padded bench that lines about a quarter of the space. That's a nice place to park and take in a show, provided you can get to the club early enough to get a seat.There's a fairly small menu, but since this is a concert venue first and foremost that makes sense. I've had chili and sandwiches there before, and everything was above average. People seem to really dig their pizza, too, which always looks when I see a steaming pie drift past. There are usually lots of good craft and imported beers either on tap or bottled, and they whip up some mean mixed drinks. Fair wine list too, if that's your bag. Service can get a little chaotic once music starts, but that doesn't bother me too much.Club Cafe usually attracts smaller bands, from local Pittsburgh acts to national indie artists. Some higher-profile names sell out quickly (Sufjan Stevens right around the time of his Illinoise release, for instance), other modestly popular acts still draw a large crowd (Richard Buckner, to use an example from a couple of years ago, or Wovenhand). One of my qualms with the place is that the club's in-house sound set-up always seems pushed to its limit with distorted electric guitars. The stage is also small enough that any band that has more than three people looks like they're trying not to knock their bandmates over. One problem I always have with Club Cafe--and I get that this might be a "it's me, not you" kind of thing--is that there's ALWAYS at least one incredibly loud person doing their best to ruin a show. I guess they get plastered before the show at the bar and then buy a ticket so they can keep drinking? I realize that talking to your friends is fun, but come on...other people are trying to watch the show! This has happened the last six shows I've been to. Pittsburgh people tend to be polite, so usually no one says anything...including the staff. THAT is what frustrates me.
5	I love Club Cafe! This a great venue for up and coming artists to showcase their talent and network. Good service and friendly environment
4	Nice stage and fun for small town bands. The gentleman helping get all the musical instruments together was very helpful and informative.  Nice tap beer selection! And a lot of bottles as well. However it did take us 30 minutes to get our pizza, but it was delicious,  light, and absolutely homemade!
1	We had a miserable experience tonight at Club Cafe.  After buying our tickets six weeks in advance, we showed up one hour before the show as per instructions.  After we picked up our tickets, there was no place to sit down...when we spoke to the rude manager and asked for a refund, we received no help at all...no chairs, no refund...big disappointment.  This place misleads its customers and over sells its house - and doesn't give a fig if it alienates & disappoints people who have been looking forward to seeing a favorite artist.  They should be ashamed and don't deserve your business...
