3	Average Starbucks. The service is decent but not spectacular. They made my orders  well. I rate 3-Stars because the AT&T Wifi is a joke and is a paywall for their already installed DSL.
4	What is there to say about starbucks. Great drinks friendly service and a great place to get some homework done!
5	In terms of Starbucks, this one is definitely my favorite! The service is always friendly and prompt, the drinks and food are just as good as I expect every time I come in, and the store has nice, comfy chairs in addition to tables--perfect for hanging out with a friend, reading a book or typing a paper. I love coming in for a green iced tea (no Classic) and being cheerfully greeted by name! It's the little things in life--like a perfectly made grande iced White Mocha (no whip) handed over with a "Have a nice day!" and a smile--that can totally make your day :]
4	Starbucks is Great!  The staff and service at this location is outstanding!
4	Starbucks...... Great job
4	Hey it's a Starbucks! Friendly staff, good drinks and a good location. Can never go wrong with your favorite drink here.
3	Run of the mill Starbucks. They use too much syrup in the coffee.
4	Around the corner from my house!!! They recently remodeled (not sure why) but looks great! Staff is friendly and drinks are made correctly. My only criticism is that this place doesn't have a drive thru!! I love stopping here a few times a week and will keep returning!
5	Very nice remodel. Very opening environment.The staff was very welcoming and all had great smiles.
3	I love Starbucks and love how convenient this location is reference to my house. The recent remodel is impressive as well. The staff on the other hand seem less than the Starbucks standard I'm come to know and love. I have put off posting this review in order to give them additional chances for redemption but this morning was the last straw. My order was done incorrectly and the staff was less than bubbly. It seems as though it was a busy stressful morning but I have my past experiences to back that this is the norm. Finally yesterday when I went in I could hardly communicate my drink order  because the two baristas were giggling non stop at each other and couldn't contain themselves.
5	Me and my brother had to walk here and when we walked in we were drenched in sweat and exhausted. The first thing the baristas asked us when we walked in was "Can we get you some water?". They are so sweet and made one hell of a Frappiccino and tea! The atmosphere is so nice as always and I absolutely love the music play list. The bathroom is clean and nice and so is the rest of the store! Highly recommend coming to this starbucks, definitely my favorite, I love it!
4	This used to be my most visited Starbucks, because of it's location. It's only 1 miles away from my house. Ever since they change the layout and still using AT&T WiFi, I lost my interest to visit this location. Coffee is still as good as it should be, but the new layout with a huge table in the center makes it hard to pass by when the place is packed. It's also hard to make it a place to meet with client. It's too loud. The staff are so friendly and awesome. It's almost 5 star perfect.
2	The coffee is made to standard but the partners aren't very attentive or friendly. I've gone here a ton over the the past two years, at several times of day. I've tried engaging the barista in conversation and they tend to give short answer and that's it. The coffee and food is exactly what you would expect from Starbucks, though.
