5	Wow! Better than the waffle trucks, add over 14 flavors of yogurt to choose from and you can't lose!  Nice clean atmosphere, friendly staff, will come back again soon!
5	There are plenty of places that sell frozen yogurt. YoWaffle has the yogurt, the toppings AND the waffles (and these are not your regular IHOP waffles). Would highly recommend to try it!!The staff was friendly and cheerful. We were promptly greeted and asked if it was our first time (as in if we needed any help). Within a few minutes we had the froyo loaded with toppings and it was delicious. Love their outdoor seating area.
5	This frozen yogurt place is just what we needed in our neighborhood.  This place is awesome. Very clean and friendly. .42 per ounce is reasonable.  Lots of large booths to sit in for the whole family. Tart greek yogurt and salted carmel are my new favorites.  We will definitely be coming back here.
5	Awesome waffle with vanilla bean cream, warm Nutella, and some bananas, so freakin yummy.  I'm stuffed to the rafters.  Cool place, super clean and delicious toppings.
5	Swag vibe. Conversation invoking extreme sports videos play above your heads as you whittle away at the end of the day with friends.  The waffles, The yogurt, the toppings -this is not your run-of-the-mill yogurt strip.  Truly a fun place to be.  And the waffles are all that; Gilbert no need to chase that waffle truck around anymore.
5	Best waffles ever! I love the crunchy bits of caramelized sugar complimented by the soft, warm texture of the waffle itself. And you can make the craziest combination from the plethora of toppings available or keep it as deliciously simple as Nutella, whipped cream, and bananas. Between frozen yogurt or waffles or both, everyone is sure to leave stuffed and happy!
5	Yo waffle has waffles and frozen yogurt. I was disappointed the waffles are made and sitting under a light. I would prefer to have them made to order like waffle luv. To be honest I did not even get a waffle when we went since it looked like it was sitting there for a while. Frozen yogurt was good and they offered several favors. I got salted Carmel. Kids liked theirs as well. Just wish waffles were made for you. Yo waffle responded to me and let me know they will make the waffle fresh so I look forward to trying one.
5	I love to get yogurt after karate. My favorite is salted caramel. I put caramel on it too.
5	Great frozen yogurt and even better waffles. Extremely nice staff and a perfect location make this place a must try.
4	It wasn't bad.  I prefer my waffles a little lighter and more airy or fluffy or whatever.  I suppose it's that way to absorb the liquid from the frozen yogurt but I chose to go with Nutella and whip cream and strawberries.  The service was awesome.  I'm open to another visit.
5	Finally! No more hunting down a waffle trucks.  Here you get to make them the way you want, and have some frozen yogurt too!  Great place for the whole family.
5	On my first visit, I decided on a warm waffle, topped with salted caramel soft serve yogurt and a major drizzle of Ghirardelli milk chocolate sauce. A combo made in heaven! My second visit will be VERY soon and frequently thereafter. Five 'yums' up!
5	Came here to try it out instead of the waffle food truck.  Waffle was good and they have many frozen yogurt flavors along with the whipped creme, strawberries, nutella and many other toppings.  If you're not in the mood for a waffle you can just get yogurt.  Price is almost half of what the waffle truck costs.  Both are good in their own way.  Recommend you try out Yo Waffle.
