3	This visit was a treat for two of my fdaycare kids and they selected their destination of choice.  I've been here a few times and was happy with my selection.  This time I chose some salted caramel option (I forget the actual name) and it was okay, but definitely nothing special.The kids chose mint chocolate chip (which I had before and it was good) and cotton candy which I passed on tasting.The young man working was friendly enough I suppose, but certainly not busy (we were the only customers)  When he handed me my change he hesitated over the tip bowl and I declined to drop the $3 in there...perhaps I should have tipped him, but I wasn't inclined to do so this visit.At any rate...Dana's filled the bill today...I would go back if with others, but not sure I'd seek it out for my sweet tooth fix over the bakery around the corner that also serves ice cream now.
2	Stopped in for some ice cream, we had 4 people in the car and 2 wanted Sonic and 2 wanted "real" ice cream, so we went here first and 3 of us ordered but the 4th did not know what she wanted. She tried 2 kinds but did not like them, when she asked if they had a certain kind that she always likes she was told she could not try it and he would not get it out unless she was buying it. I can understand if your busy and someone is just taking up your time but 3 of us had already ordered and the only other person in the place was probably the girlfriend of the employee or another employee! It was rude! The shakes were not very good , but the chocolate cone was. We took our friend to Sonic and she got a Banana Split Shake that was great and cost 1/2 of what our bad ones from Dana's did. Even though Sonic was packed with people the employees were nice and it was fast.
2	Lots of potential and no real competition nearby, but I guess owners don't want to invest. Place is very plain and dark. Every time I go they are out of 2 or 3 flavors. Just an empty carton sitting in the freezer display. At least pull it out??  Talked to the guy working tonight and I told him they are always out of moose tracs (my favorite) and he said they always run out. Told me to come back on Fridays when he gets truck in. Felt like no one ever considered buying a backup? Hope they get their act together.
2	Small and not much going on. After serving the guy working sits down at his laptop in the corner, chilling. Blah as expected.
