5	Fresh pressed juice! Juice bar is filled with greens and veggies. Skinny drink taste awesome.
5	The customer service and staff are unbelievablely nice. so helpful and with glowing smiles. They offer advice and suggestions. Had the Skinny juice....Oh my goodness was it the BEST!!! They also offer a nice selection of vegan treats etc. A must see.
4	Me and the hubs were walking up to Teriyaki Madness for a quick dinner when a super friendly representative from One Stop Nutrition approached us. She gave us two complimentary tickets to any drink at One Stop plus another coupon flyer. Needless to say, she piqued our interest and we decided to stop in after dinner next door. One Stop Nutrition is a mix between GNC and Jamba Juice, except more upscale and health focused if that makes sense. We were told that the One Stop Nutrition location on Decatur is the only store in Vegas. The Vegas market is being tested and its success will determine if more stores are opened. The customer service here is amazing! I was blown away  at how friendly the associate was. She was energetic, sincere, helpful, and kind. The only reason why I'm rating this place four stars instead of five is because of prices. Juices/Smoothies range from $6-8. When you order a juice though, it's straight from a juicing machine! I guess I can kind of understand the price. The Mr. used to juice, and it can indeed get expensive.
5	It's so hard to find a HEALTHY smoothie shop\juice bar... Until now!! This family-run franchise has a huge selection of protein, vitamins, weight loss supplements, gains, nutrition bars and offers great health tips! DEF my new go to spot
5	Great juice and smoothies the Owners are very friendly as well... will definitely go back
5	I was completely blow away. This place is awesome! The staff were more than welcoming! It felt as if we had been friends for years! I am so happy I discovered them! I can't wait to go workout and get another juice!
5	Visiting from Los Angeles where there's a juice bar on every corner.. However, One Stop is one of the best juice bars I've been too. Tasty and fresh. Tons of supplements and health foods to choose from and Beronica is so awesome! Wish I could take One Stop back to LA with me!!
5	Everyone that works there is friendly, service is fast, and the smoothies are always delicious.
5	While visiting from Michigan. I came in to give the juices and smoothies a try. Every drink i tried was amazing. My favorite was the skinny, i crave it everyday now! All the workers are extremely nice ( Kevin and Bronica worked with me most). They are willing to help and give the best advice/tips on any questions you have. And they also create any juice or drink that you prefer to better fit your needs!! And not to mention, a GREAT selection on supplements on vitamins!! THIS PLACE IS A MUST TRY!!!! I came here almost everyday when i was here in town, and everyone i saw come in were very happy with the service and there purchase, which is why i decided to write this review so everyone else can know how great this place is. I'm pretty bummed that im going back to Michigan tomorrow, but Ill definitely be back here soon!!
5	Very friendly family owned business. Had the pleasure of trying one of their smoothies at a discounted price and enjoyed it. Also received a free shaker bottle and shirt!
5	*The map is wrong. Located in the Winco parking lot.The smoothies are excellent! And as far as smoothies go, they are reasonably priced.The supplements are well priced, they will match prices. They will also bring in anything you want, if they don't carry it in the store.The owners are both very friendly, helpful, and informative.If you buy supplements, like smoothies and shakes, or like fresh juices, I highly recommend this!We have been back 4 times already!Go give them a try!
5	I love smoothies and hate that since Jamba Juice on N Decatur closed the nearest smoothie spot to me is a few miles away (Tropical Smoothie) ... half the time they get my smoothie wrong.  But after yelping - I found out about this place, One Stop Nutrition, which I drive by all the time... has a fresh juice and smoothie bar inside, I always thought it was just a vitamin store.They make delicious stuff and have a ton of options you can build your own smoothie or juice with.  The owners and employees are super friendly and super quick.  This place is awesome, I definitely recommend it.
