1	On way home from downtown and wife had a taste for one of their shrimp pizzas. Called and got put on hold for 5 1/2 mins then got hung up on. Called back and put on hold again even after I told him I had just been on hold. Another 3 Mins and then they need all my info for computer.  By the the time got my order in I was there. On top of that they don't even have the pizza my wife wanted on menu any more.  Then when I arrived and asked to pay he said he had no orders for me. Took another look and there was my order. Tables empty and people waiting at door for seat 15 minutes. I wont go back. Pizza was expensive and not that good.
4	Baked wings and thin and crispy crust for your pizza... if ya gotta have it and you're on a diet, go here.For the wings having been baked, I was surprised at how tasty they were.  I expected them to be a little soft and chewy, but nope.  I would have never known they didn't fry them.Service was pretty good, pretty dead in there tho.  I guess that's what happens when you are way too far north from Phoenix.
2	Slow service... Ok food. There is a streets in anthem with better service and fresher food.
4	Yep... I am a fan.  We usually have 'our' pizza delivered or go pick it up so I really can't comment on the on premise service.   We usually make our own pizza combination with the Chopped Antipasto Salad.  It's plenty enough for a meal for two on it's own - lots of meats and cheese and a very flavorful but light dressing that's marries perfectly.  Our pizza combination is Alfredo sauce, meatball, artichoke hearts and kalamata olives....   sometimes we add chopped roma tomatoes when we get that proverbial wild hair.All in all, it's always been a steady, eddie choice for good food.
3	This place is a bit unprofessional. We never get out order right. We use them as delivery most of the time. I usually venture to Anthem to get it right.
2	Employees gathered in the back chatting so empty no only did they not notice me i had to call their phone on order to get them to come to the front
4	I'm a fan as well - both for take-out and delivery.  It's not the BEST pizza in the world, but it's light-years ahead of the national chains.  Pizza aside, I would highly suggest trying the Napolitano Pasta - it's incredibly good!  I agree w/ Lisa N., the salads are HUGE easy to split.  The delivery drivers at this location are top-notch - always arriving well ahead of the estimate.
5	Had a great dinner at Streets of New York with my family, this is a small neighborhood restaurant that pleasantly surprised all of us. Everything that we ordered was fantastic.  It made me wish that I had one in CA.  Our waitress "Ginger" was the best she took care of us from beginning to end. She went out of her way to make a fresh pot of coffee for our desserts.  I'll be back again and again
5	I have dined at Streets of New York for years with a whole spectrum of experiences. Today was exceptional in the area of delivery & food quality! I ordered a "Cold' # 7 - The Best of Everything (and it is) and some fries. It came as fresh as it gets and the fries were still crispy upon arrival! The delivery driver was pleasant, well dressed and professional! A great representative for the company! Keep up the good work over there on Carefree Highway!
2	Doing the delivery thing lately - don't know if they have had a change in food purveyors or just wanted to cut their food cost, but it just doesn't taste like it used to.  It's too bad because we have a  number of choices for Pizza (not including "Ray's" - as nasty as it gets) - and it's easy enough to try someone else.
4	First time at Streets of New York and I was very pleased. Service was great and our waitress was attentive. This place said they just added a separate lunch menu and it was fairly priced for the quality of food. Only thing I can say is that our pizza took a little longer than expected seeing how there was only 4 other tables.
1	If there was ever a way to describe how food tastes and/or where the chef gets their food Streets of New York is not shy about it. After all they did name the restaurant Streets of New York which is what their food tastes like because I'm sure that's where they scraped it from. If they read this review maybe they'll change the restaurant name to Streaks of My Pants.I'd give less stars is possible. We've ordered from Streets a few times and each time the delivery was a little longer than expected. Each time we ordered we just thought "maybe they're really busy or they're having an off night." No.. they just suck. The first time we called in an order they told us to call a different Streets because they don't send drivers to our neighborhood. I explained that we were actually closer to their location than the one they recommended and the girl hung up. Found out that we can order online and just figured how can they f*ck that up? Well don't know how, but they did. Pizza was under cooked. Things were on the pizza that we specifically marked to not be on the pizza. - On a side note, I've seen their delivery drivers in our neighborhood while out walking the dog and they drive like goddamn maniacs. Small neighborhood with short winding streets and sidewalks with cars parked tightly on them and children running about and here comes the Streets delivery driver at 60 mph careening around a corner almost killing a child and still doesn't hit the breaks. So if you decide to order some Streets after reading this, tell the driver to slow down a bit. Killing someone's dog isn't worth your sh*tty food.Ok so my wife and I agreed to never deal with Streets ever again. Her sister calls and says hey you wanna meet at Streets for dinner. I'm not paying so we agree to go. First bad sign, the parking lot is completely vacant apart from her sister's car. Second bad sign, we walk in and the whole place smells like a sewer line burst. The smell was so bad my wife almost vomited on our way to the table. The waitress brought us our drinks and took our orders. Three sandwiches and a salad took all of 35 minutes to cook. I choked down my sandwich and immediately felt sick. Similar to having broken bottles in my gut. My wife's sister paid with her credit card. The waitress took the card and was gone for about 15 minutes. Mind you there are only three other tables in the whole place. I eventually left the table to evacuate my bowls. Funny thing about the bathroom is that the door to the toilet stall doesn't really close and the toilet isn't bolted down. We sped home where my wife promptly locked herself away in a bathroom and I in another. It's 10:00 pm. This all happened at 6 pm. I'm still wishing I were dead and I may miss work tomorrow. I still have the smell of the sewer flavored restaurant in my nose.Papa Johns' and Dominos' have never messed up an order for me, are always fast, friendly, fairly priced and have never made me sick.
4	I bought the honey hot wings here takeout and they were pretty good.  The wings were nice and big but the honey hot isn't my favorite compared to the others I have tried.  The honey hot flavor was a little strange to me.  Not horrible by any means, just unique.The service was great - 15 minutes to get the wings on a weekday.  The pricing was around $9.00 for a dozen wings.  I wish they were cheaper but this is pretty typical for wings.I'm a fan and would love to try their buffalo wings next.  Worth a visit!
5	Great slice with wings deal. Delicious pizza. Friendly staff. I work close to them so they give me a neighbor discount. I ordered the six wings slice combo. They bring an unlimited amount of delicious bread. I always leave full and happy.
4	Quite possibily the best veggie pizza I've ever had
5	My family was in town for a visit and came to eat here.  We were NOT disappointed!  The garlic bread/rolls were amazing and so was the pizza!  We are pretty picky about pizza and all 4 of us (kids and adults) loved it!  Someone in our group ordered the broasted chicken and I tried that and loved it, too!  I live in Southern California and wish you were out here, too!  :-)
1	Awful.  Ordered 16" pizza and chopped anti-pasto salad.  The Pizza was doughy and the topping just slid off the soggy crust.  Maybe I'm a snob, but in Chicago, pizza restaurants know how to make a good pie.  This was just a waste of $27.00.  2 bites was all that was required to banish this pizza to the streets of New York.  Thats where the garbage is picked up.
4	I like going to streets of new york as it really has that old school pizza parlor feel - like when I was a kid and pizza was something you went out for, not something you had delivered. They also bring you bread sticks and dipping sauce as soon as you sit down, that was a nice touch! The pizza itself, while not the best I've had, was pretty good. Flavorful sauce and plenty of cheese, just like I like it. The crust is buttery and soft, which I also like sometimes. They also offer a few other things besides pizza which seemed interesting. Service was quick and attentive - my soft drink was constantly filled. I will definitely go back.
1	This place is a disappointment!! We have continually tried to order from this place and have given them chance after chance. Today was the straw that broke the camels back. My husband and I ordered two pizza's for delivery.  A four cheese and a make your own pizza with a couple veggie toppings. When the pizza's arrived the cheese pizza looked like they stored the box on its side on the way here. We decided lets make the best of it and tried to redistribute the cheese. When we went to pull a slice on both pizza's the cheese was 1/2 inch thick and was like a brick. Underneath the pizza dough was BARELY cooked and was unable to withstand the weight of itself let alone the heaping amount of cheese they haphazardly thrown on. When we bit into it we confirmed that the pizza was under-cooked. We have to wait for 45-55 minutes for delivery which to me means they are taking the time to cook the pizza but apparently not. We have experienced these same issues before with streets and put up with it due to the limited restaurants that deliver in our area. My husband is currently returning the remaining pizza to the restaurant, I should have pulled the slices we couldn't stomach out of the trash and send that back with it. For their higher prices this should be the best dang pizza in the area. Unfortunately, Domino's puts out a way better $5 pizza, which isn't saying much. These folks need to get there act together and stop treating there food with no care. It makes me wonder, do they not care due to the lack of options in our area so they feel they can do whatever they want? Well we will not be taken advantage of any longer. Adios Streets of New York, I will now happily suit up and drive the 12 miles and spend our hard earned money at Oregano's or Barro's, where they will provide us with a fully cooked pizza.*Update..... my husband has come home and told me they stated "We have been having problems in the kitchen all day". WHAT!?!? How is that acceptable? If you have been having issues ALL day then, as any good business management would do, it should be fixed by now. If you cant fix it stop selling that product. If its your staff, give them the training and hold them accountable. If they cant do the job get someone who can in place.This should be a business dedicated to its customer satisfaction,  and being a supervisor myself, i wouldn't expect anything less than the best of my product and my team. As i said earlier in my review that this has happened before (more times than not) and per other reviews I see its a consistent message. Don't give a line of bull, own your problems and fix them. Also when they refunded the $47 dollars we spent on two medium pizza's (CRAZY PRICE, I KNOW), she I feel didn't know how to properly refund. She as a manager advised my husband that she doesn't use that machine much so doesn't know how to operate it. So, there multiple subtractions and additions on a receipt of 4,700.00 (WHAT!?!?!) then multiple subtractions and additions of other amounts. Now i have to watch my bank account like a hawk to ensure its not screwed up. WHAT A HASSLE!!
5	We have discovered the best pizza place in town.Ginger and Mark are excellent operators, and run the restaurant well.  Their constant presence is reassuring, even though the staff is very friendly and competent in their absence.  We have been loyal customers for three years, and will continue to enjoy their delicious pizza,  and diversified menu of other Italian dishes.They offer rapid delivery,  never sacrificing quality. Each and every time we order in or delivered, the dishes are prepared as homemade. The all beef meatballs are a real find, as other places only offerPork and beef meatballs. As locals here in Tramonto, we cannot find a nicer restaurant, with the ownerswho are committed to quality and customer satisfaction. Thank you Mark and Ginger!Mike and Jan Larsen
