5	Of all places that deserve five [million] stars, of all places that were formative in my youth, of all places whose provender I crave on my biannual sojorn back to Madison, YOU, Bagels Forever, hold the highest place in my heart.  And that's sayin' a lot!To wit: My mother gave me a Cuisinart for Christmas.  This rocked.  I had to take an extra suitcase back with me on the plane to carry it, one that was one-and-a-half times as big as the actual box it came in.  What did I pack the rest with?  You guessed it: poppy seed bagels from Bagels Forever.  These bagels are SO AWESOME that they are the gold standard by which I judge other bagels.  And yes, I've fed them to New Yorkers (the owners, IIRC, are from the Big Apple anyhow, so they're legit).These bagels are SO AWESOME that I mailed four of them to my friend who was in another state one summer (I hope they were still good when they got there).  And then I wrote a poem (caveat lector: it's really bad -- http://www.maenad.net/jnl/archives/2000/07/#7-31-00) about them.These bagels are SO AWESOME.  Full stop.  I'm crying just thinking that I'm 2000 miles from them. Good thing you can order them online!
5	I recently had a thread asking Milwaukee yelpers for a local yummy bagel place where they put the cream cheese on the bagel for you.  Bagels does that and so much more.  I had my first bagel this morning and it was so delicious.  Absolutely perfect.  I wanted to savor the moment forever.  Chewy bagel.  Perfect amount of cream cheese.  Warm and toasty.  Super cheap too.  Pure bagel heaven.
4	It's like $4.50 for a dozen.  Is that good?  I really don't know.  This is a bagel factory - meaning they make it on site and ship them around.  What's weird is that they are open so late.  I don't remember any bagel places being open past three - and for that matter, having any bagels left after 11 on a weekend.  But that was in another state...As for the bagels, I guess they're alright.  A little bit undersized, with all the usual types you had as a kid (sesame, poppyseed, onion), and then some concessions to more 'interesting' kinds, like jalapeno, or dried cranberry, etc.  I think einstein bagels started the fancy bagel trend.  Very on the soft side - not really chewy enough for me.  But I'm fucking picky and hypercritical.Big selection of sandwiches made to order, but not like awesome overstuffed deli sandwiches or anything.  Nothing spectacular.  I've yet to try their lox (which is advertized as 'sushi on a bagel' - which irritates me for some weird reason).
5	I swear, the only reason people go someplace else (god forbid, a chain like Ein-----'- or Brug---'s) is because they don't know BF exists. It's fresher, cheaper and yummier than anyplace else in Madison. I love the place, and I miss it whenever I leave Madison. They even have a parking lot. It doesn't get better than Bagel's Forever!
5	Honestly, I do not understand how Einsteins or any other bagel place is even in business when Bagels Forever is an option. I have to say, this is the only place I have been coming to since I was 3 years old (20 years ago) and it is just as awesome and amazing now as it was then.  The best bagels you will ever eat, period. I have yet to find one as good, or even to come close.  And in the last 20 years they have added lovely things, like yummy sandwiches made fresh, coffee that is locally made, and hours that allow you to enjoy your bagels morning, noon and night:) All that and the bagels have only gone up 20 cents in 20 years!  Seriously, drop whatever you're doing and go.  You will be doing yourself the biggest favor.
4	Dude this place is awesome. I've always wanted to visit, but never had the opportunity, and you have to do all that maneuvering on university ave to get there- but let me tell you: its a winner. I think they should open more locations.One part deli with sliced meats by the lb & sandwiches and two parts bagel factory.Their bagels are slightly smaller than the standard panera type, but they are stunningly fresh and only $.45 ea. Also, I was very impressed with the lox sandwich- and it was only about $3. They also have some special for two dozen bagels and two things of cream cheese for like $10 or something. That is outrageous- they are basically giving stuff away, Check it out.
5	I fell in love with their bagels when I discovered them in the freezer section of a Chicagoland grocery store. Even frozen, their bagels are lovely. So, on a recent trip to Madison, I made sure to make a stop at the store attached to the Bagels Forever factory. It was worth the trip through campustown construction. BF makes the best bagels outside of New York - delightfully chewy and delectably delicious. The bagels were still warm at 7:00 on Friday morning. The cranberry oat (my favorite from the freezer case) was even better when it was fresh, and we also got to try their jalapeno-cornmeal and chocolate chip bagels. All outstanding. We got a lox sandwich, which was fantastic and awfully attractively presented, especially considering the no-frills deli counter style of the place. For the price, it is a huge serving of very tasty salmon. If you just want a little bit of lox, get the salmon cream cheese instead. But don't really do that, because the big slice of lox is just so delicious. Our bagels were so terrific that we came back on our way out of town to bring home a ton of their bagels. 4 days later, they are almost gone, but they are still tasting fresh and delicious. I haven't even had to toast them. Love them!
5	I've lived in Madison all my life; 21 years, and I have never been to Bagels Forever. I've driven past there several times and have even bought their bagels in the freezer section at Woodman's.I regret never having stopped there before. They. Are. AWESOME.I don't know if they make what people would consider "authentic" bagels, but in my opinion, they do bagels right.They also know a thing or two about making delicious made-to-order sandwiches on the cheap.  As long as I live in Madison, never again will I be going to Einstein's. I can get that same thing at Bagels Forever except it tastier, fresher, and a whole heck of a lot cheaper.I think I may have a new obsession on my hands...
5	I have traveled around the world and I love Bagels Forever bagels more than any others!  A cinnamon raisin bagel with some cream cheese and a can of root beer is among my all time favorite meals.There is a wide variety of bagels and they are always fresh and delicious.  As a kid on occasion the family would get a dozen but they would always get eaten quickly.Delicious Bagels period.
5	Awesome Value.  Their made-to-order Bagel Sandwiches are CHEAP, but excellent.  quality ingredients. Breakfast sandwich, egg, meat, chese, is $2. what?? reg. sandwiches are $3.50, lots of meat, cheese, toppings. yay.They also donate their unsold bagels at the end of the day to charitable groups.  I've had friends work here, they treat their employees well.
5	I love Bagels Forever Bagels. I live in New York now which is supposed to have the best bagels in the world but I would rather have Bagels Forever! My favorites: Egg bagels and Onion Bagels with whipped cream cheese
5	I LOVE Bagels Forever! I live in Virginia and i have bagels shipped to me by mail. You can order them online. The french toast bagels are my favorite and they will make your kitchen smell great too! Everything from Bagels Forever is Delicious. You don't have to live in Madison to enjoy it. Order online! : )
4	The bagels here are worthy of the Yelp praise.  I had a breakfast sandwich on a pumpernickel bagel, and it was just right.  I'm also happy to report that the bagels are normally sized, not like the usual kind of bagel monstrosity that you see these days.  Hyperobesity this is not.    The service was a little bit bumbling when we stopped in.  Maybe it was an off day, but they didn't give us our bagels as they were ready, we waited ages for coffee, and they left the cucumber off boyfriend's bagel.  The other thing is that they NEED to get those little cardboard things for their coffee cups.  My thumb was red for hours after having to hold my cup for the less than 1/2 mile walk back from the shop.    The price is definitely right, though.  A bagel, a breakfast sandwich, and two coffees was just over $5.
3	Their bagels were really good and I would get them again. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. My wife has bad food allergies and they were good about not mixing her food with anythig that she is allergic to. The only reason i have to mark them down on is the breakfast sandwich was nothing to special. The egg was just a frozen patty microwaved. Stick with a bagel.
5	When we lived in Madison, we made weekly stops in to this Bagels Forever!   They make all of the bagels that they sell in stores right here at this store.   Nothing is quite as good as a super, fresh warm bagel.These bagels are truely the best.   They have probably about 18 or more varieties of bagels to choose from.    In our local stores, I think they carry only about 5 or 6 varieties.We try to make a stop at Bagels Forever, everytime we are in Madison, WI.The service is always fast and friendly.   Every dozen of bagels is actuallly a baker's dozen of 13.   Love 'em!
5	I grew up in NYC and these are my favorite bagels. Especially the poppy seed. They  are just the right size, chewy and delicious. They are good frozen from the grocery store but heavenly purchased at the bakery. I always buy a bunch whenever I am in Madison. They are priced great, too.
5	These are good bagels. They are not large, they have the right amount of chew. The taste is even on par with an average NYC bagel. A very good bagel is usually hard to find outside NY but these satisfy.
4	Super delicious bagels that are not too big.  I hate a huge hunk of bagel, I just can't eat them without feeling bloated.If you are going west on University, getting there is kind of a pain, but it is totally worth it.I didn't have the sandwiches or coffee, but they smelled amazing.The bagels are crazy cheap.  I went in for a dozen for myself and they were so cheap I took a dozen to my co-workers and became a hero for the day.Great place!
5	Great and cheap!
5	BREAKFAST BAGEL SANDWICHES - get them here. they are so reasonably priced, the bagels are made there, AND they have maple cinnamon bagels, perfect for breakfast sandwiches.They are open at 6:30 in the morning, so great on the way to work or school.No, they are nothing like NY bagels, but I didn't know love until I gave bagel's forever a fair try.
5	I know that people have strong opinions on bagels.  There are New York bagels and Montreal bagels.  There are big bready bagels and smaller chewy bagels, and if you feed one to a fan of the other, you're in for a world of complaining.  But you know what? I don't care, because my formative bagel experiences came at the hands of Bagels Forever.The bagels are average-sized and perfectly formed.  You can enjoy one with cream cheese without feeling like you've blown your calories for the day.  There are a range of flavors, but nothing outrageous.  The price is right.  For a brief and glorious time, they were available in a large box in the refrigerator case at Meijer in Champaign, Illinois, where I was attending grad school.  That ceased to be the case, and I've been dreaming of them ever since.Therein lies the problem with my love for Bagels Forever: scarcity.  I live on the other side of Lake Michigan, and while Zingerman's makes a mean bagel, they're a poor replacement for Bagels Forever.
5	Been a huge fan all my life - there is no better way to start a road trip than with a paper bag filled with a variety of still warm bagels and a tub of cream cheese. When I left Madison for college in '92, I was shocked to find out that bagels weren't ten cents a piece anywhere else. Now, they're up to 50 cents or thereabouts, but still an incredible value. I don't understand why anyone would go any where else in Madison.
4	Delicious bagels! Bagels are not huge, but so good. Great bagel sandwiches. Slower service, though.
5	Everything I have tried here has been amazing.  Whether it was the $2 bagel sandwiches or $3 for bagels with lox, you cant beat the the quality of bagels at this place.
5	I grew up sprinting across University Avenue every summer morning after swim team to stuff myself with Bagels. The delicious smells tortured us daily during practice. Now, Bagels is my measuring stick for all others. None have measured up to a warm Bagels' bagel right out of the oven.
5	These are some of the best bagels in Madison, and at a great price! I adore their sandwiches, they're the perfect lunch to take to school or work. They wrap them up in a little plastic container, and even include a pickle. Yum!
5	Price and size are the keys to this place.  Its prices are from the 1970s and the bagels aren't a whole loaf of bread like the national chains.  You actually feel normal after eating one. Fresh, CHEAP, LOCAL and unique.  I'm in.  I go for the lox bagel toasted.  Its a perfect breakfast and basically 1/2 the price of anywhere else.
4	Very good and cheap but crappy service. The staff is slow, rude and inefficient.
5	Good Fresh Bagels at Great Prices!Their bagel sandwiches are also very good and at very reasonable prices. A dozen bagels there are HALF of what you pay at the Panera down the street.  Service is generally pretty good too.    It's nice to go into a place and get quality food without the feeling you're getting gouged on price and value.
5	This place is a local favorite and has unparalleled bagels for unparalleled prices. Their bagel sandwiches are an awesome deal. I highly recommend coming here if you haven't, especially if you're from out of town, because I'd say it's an essential Madison experience!
5	Delicious bagels that are usually cheaper than those made elsewhere and carted in! Very friendly and helpful customer service.
5	Five stars because the breakfast sandwiches are so good, and the unadorned bagels are an incredible value.  A baker's dozen for less than $5?  Try that at any other bagel place.  Nice chew.
5	Favorite starving student food!Cheap as heaven, tasty as hell.I'd recommend the sandwiches and also getting a bakers dozen.The onion bagel is the best.
5	We were driving through Madison on our way to Stevens Point.. We knew we had to stop due to all of the great reviews. We purchased a box of bagels, a breakfast bagel with sausage and a cream cheese and lox bagel. So delicious and so glad we stopped.. Great value, great food, great service.
3	This is essentially a bagels factory. If you love bagels, you should probably hit this place up and not stop coming here if you like them. If you are not looking for just bagels, bagels forever is not for you.
5	Still super, but they've raised their prices, a nickel a bagel, so a baker's dozen is $5.40 now, not $4.80.
5	We never thought we'd get bagels as delicious and authentic as the bagels we savored from NY Bagel and Bialy in Chicago.  That was, until we read the stellar reviews of Bagels Forever.  The truth is, I started out eating their frozen bagels, purchased from Woodmans, only to find out that they were amazingly delicious.  Having gotten a Lox sandwich today from the source, I was immediately sold on the whole operation.  Their bagels are legit.  A crunchy, salty outer layer from the pre-boil and a firm, pillowy center...they've got it all.  They are a bit softer than i'm used to, but that's fine, since the flavor makes up for it in every way.  The lox bagel was spot on and I nearly fainted when I saw it was all of $3.00!!  Needless, to say we'll be back soon.  Also, kudo to BF for using Boar's Head meats...there's nothing better.
3	I live nearby this place and have had MANY bagels over the years. Over time, my standards have changed and I now get them rarely. These are not as good as a New York bagel. The texture just isn't right and the bread doesn't have the kind of flavor you get with well fermented doughs. If you need to get something for an office with 25 people, this is a good cheap option. But for a bread fix, there are better options.
4	Bagels Forever is a great little Madison secret for those on a budget. Bagels are 45 cents each and are made fresh in the BF headquarters behind the bagel shop, as evidenced by the smell of blueberry, cinnamon, and everything bagel that wafts over University Avenue on certain days. I always gravitate towards the sesame and (w)hole wheat bagels, but I love the cinnamon raisin too. Other notable flavors include maple cinnamon, cranberry oat, salt, egg, and pumpernickel. My colleague tells me that their bagels are some of the closest you'll get to New York bagels, as they're boiled. If I ever visit NYC someday, I'll know what bagels to compare them to. However, I wouldn't recommend the lox here-the one time I had it, I found it mushy and flavorless.What I really, truly love about this place are the cheap sandwiches. Cheaper than Einstein's or Panera, and better than a fast food joint. $2.35 will buy you a hot, toasted breakfast sandwich with a protein (bacon, sausage, Canadian bacon, you name it), egg, and cheese on a delicious bagel, wrapped in foil. Their lunch sandwiches are in the $2-3 range, made with Boar's Head meats and cheeses and come with a dill pickle spear. To go with your food, Bagels Forever sells cans of (Dr. Brown's!) soda, chips, their own cream cheese, milk, butter, half and half, etc, so they're handy if you live nearby. I also get their sliced deli meat to go. What's great about this place is that they seem to sell their food at wholesale prices. It's kind of a throwback to buy a Coke for 52 cents plus tax.Decor looks like it hasn't changed since the place opened, there are no tables, and the lines can get long at breakfast time, but don't let that stop you. If you're on the way to campus, stop in and try this place out.
4	I used to not like bagels before this place. Their food is amazing and amazingly cheap! I love getting a basic toasted bagel with spread. Delicious and filling! I don't care for their deli meat sandwiches usually, but there are plenty of other options.
5	I don't eat bagels very often, yet every now and then I want nothing other than Bagels Forever.Sure, you can buy the bagels frozen from a local grocery store, but the best part about this place is the made-to-order bagel sandwiches. They are fresh and cheap, and come wrapped with a pickle. Try the veggie sandwich on an everything bagel. There are a variety of deli meat options too. The pizza bagel with mini pepperoni comes with the cheese melted on top - so don't expect to eat it like a sandwich. This annoyed me for some reason, but clearly it wasn't enough to keep me from coming back for it again...and again...it's been my go-to order for the past several months. Try it on the sun-dried tomato and basil bagel. Also, Bagels Forever has the best boxed coffee in town. Be an office hero and get some for your coworkers. Or, a small coffee for yourself is just $0.85.
5	BEST BAGELS IN MADISON... seriously, there is no reason to go anywhere else... and cheap and fresh. YUM
5	This is one of my favorite places to get a delicious, healthy, reasonably-priced lunch. Always pleased with my visit.
5	Start with the simple fact that outside of H&H Bagels in NYC you can't find a decent bagel (and outside of Zabar's you can't find decent lox or smoked sturgeon), but this Madison landmark is the next best thing.  Great selection, always super fresh, perfect texture.  The store is the experience.  Expect a line every morning, and it's worth the wait.  Cheap bagels, and a little secret - Boar's Head deli meats for a fraction of what you'd pay at Metcalfes.  My favorite, their "Sushi Bagel", a lox and cream cheese on bagel of your choosing with capers, onions and tomato, for like $3.50??  Awesome.
5	FIVE STARS!  After growing up with Bagels Forever, moving away from Wisconsin, and then returning to live in Madison....I went to the building where the magic happens today.  The man behind the counter, Isaac, was helpful, funny and had a welcoming smile on his face.  I hope he works when we go next time!   We ordered two breakfast bagels, a bakers dozen of bagels, OJ and some chips and it came to an astounding $13.  Say what?!?  Plus, it was the best bagel sandwich I'd ever had, especially given the price....and I still have 13 more bagels to enjoy.  This place is an absolute gem and Madison is lucky to have affordable and delicious bagels that aren't grossly gigantic!
3	Hi. Hello. Jew here. Brooklyn-born, East Coast-raised, Jew here.I like to think that those of us from the NYC area can be pretentious about two things: pizza and, not surprisingly, bagels.Don't get me wrong--for Madison, Bagels Forever is excellent. It's far better than the competition (I'm looking at you, Gotham), and their customer service is wonderful. Compared to the East Coast, though? It's middling, at best. Not airy enough...or dense enough. I know that seems contradictory, but trust me--it's simply not the same.Regardless, this is the only place I'm getting bagels in Madtown from now on. Their lox and whitefish is alright. Nothing special.Oh, and to the guy who's apparently been to New York once--naming H&H and Zabar's doesn't give you much legitimacy. H&H quality has been declining for years, and Zabar's is merely a fancy grocery store. Try going to the Lower East Side, and then maybe revisit your "expert" opinion.FYI: Russ & Daughter's makes Zabar's lox and smoked whitefish look like something you'd get at Einstein's.Okay, dickish pretentiousness over.
5	I just go here for the LOX!!! it's the best I've found in Madison so far..
4	Bagels Forever, There's simply no place cheaper or more delicious. (OK people, we get you've been to New York. Everyone knows this isn't The Big Apple, so let's focus here.)They are very vegetarian-friendly, and will make things however you ask. I always get an everything bagel breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese and veggies. Sooo good!!! The staff is (usually) friendly, although there are a couple of dry bagels in the bunch.On the other hand, the inside of the store is so out of date it's shocking! It really is yearning for some personality (a photo on the wall, a paint-job, anything!!) but, for some reason, the folks running the place refuse to do anything about it. I understand the food is very inexpensive, but frankly, if they spruce it up properly, customers wouldn't see the difference in prices. As other have said, don't let that stop you. It really is Madison's BEST place for bagels. But there is no excuse for such an ugly store, really there isn't. If it weren't for that, they would have gotten 5 stars.
4	I live and work near this bagel production facility and food counter.  There is no breakfast that is more convenient or budget friendly to me than Bagels Forever.   The breakfast sandwich plus an extra bagel for lunch (or a friend) will run you less then a bagel and cream cheese at Einstein's Bagels up the road.  And the Bagels are always fresh and yummy.  There are so many flavors to choose from...I know I haven't tried them all yet.  Or to be the big shot of the work place, get the Bagel Box.  It is two dozen bagels and two cream cheese for cheap.  Parking can be a bear on busy mornings (and Sundays, for sure) but if you are walking by it is really easy to pop in and pop out.  Staff is friendly and fast.  The wait on a busy morning is still quicker then Starbucks.  They are one of the best things about living on the near west side of campus.  Sure, the store front is not fancy but it's not an eat-in place.   It is a clean and organized deli with a lot of history.  To change the store front for change sake is not really needed.  The flowers and scrubs around the outside are always so nice on my walks past.
5	WOW, people are snotty and picky about bagels, judging from the other reviews on this page. Damn.ANYHOW. My boyfriend and I started coming here about a year ago, and it's really the only bagel store we go to anymore. We'd tried to go to Gotham to get a lox bagel for him, and they were out...on a Saturday morning at 9:30. Yeah. So, we headed over to Bagels Forever where, not only did they have lox-a-plenty, but it only cost, like $4.60 or something like that! Come on. When we go now, we get a lox sandwich for him, a bagel and cream cheese plus veggies for me, and then one more bagel for his "dessert." And it costs under $9. And it is delicious. They have a really full menu where you can get a breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese, meat), a deli-type sandwich, hot dogs, drinks, sides - it's simple and great. Just go here.
5	Amazing freshly-made bagels! Very inexpensive as well. Bagels freeze well, and can be purchased in bulk!
5	This is where I fell in love with bagels... I grab one on my way to work every other day as breakfast, and tried different combinations. Would recommend egg, blueberry, onion bagels, and glazed everything.
5	A Madison original.  Bagels are fresh, sandwiches are cheap, and service is pretty quick.  These aren't your traditional NY style bagels so don't get your hopes up but a pumpernickel sandwich with cream cheese and salami is hard to argue.
5	By far the best bagle place for 100 miles around.  Top that off with fair pricin and great service and you have a winner! By far the best breakfast sandwich around. Too bad they don't have a drive through.  Yes they are that fast in the morning.
5	45 cent bagels? Unheard of where I am from. Less then a dollar for coffee? And it all tastes good. You win!
4	I have been many places, had many bagels, and I am typically disappointed in the experience, so what a pleasure to visit Forever Bagel.I always want to get the toasted bagel with cream cheese and eat it as a little breakfast sandwich, but 10 times out of 10 you get an over toasted bagel, or a really tough bagel, or runny cream cheese and bam....it suck!But now I am 2 for 2 at Forever Bagel.  Great tasting bagels that are not too tough and very flavorful.  Cream cheese that is solid and does not simply drip out.  I have had the Honey Oat and Cinnamon Maple bagels thus far and neither disappointed.  Pumpkin cream cheese (we, as a society have overdone the pumpkin thing, but I still like it!) was delicious as well.And the price.....I almost fell over it was so low!  Coffee is good as well.  The location knocks it down a star....very difficult to get heading back in the correct direction after a visit, but such is life for good, inexpensive bagels!   So skip Panera and hit Forever Bagel if you have the choice!
