5	a beautiful hotel that was just renovated. The best service i have had at a hotel..... A great pleace to have our wedding, we got married overlooking the lake the restaurnat has the best crab cake i have ever had and that includes ones i have had in Baltimore just a great hotel
4	Another great Hilton experience. Staff is great.  Free Wi-fi and a fitness center open 24 hours.  Precor equipment, weights, benches, four treadmills and three ellipicals.  For some reason it seems extra-humid in the fitness center, but since most people are there to sweat, I guess it's okay.Outlets in the room exactly where I need them and I love the little coffee and tea maker. Classy bar/restaurant on site with good food! The bathrooms here are a little small compared to the newer locations that I have stayed at, but they are still a decent size. Great view of the lake, easy to get to and walk around the shops and restaurants. The executive lounge is great and I hope to get upgraded next time I stay! =) I will continue to stay here any time I am back in Charlotte for work.
5	Recently updated, this hotel is my choice for putting up guests in the University area of Charlotte. Great staff and cool surroundings.
1	Stayed on 8 floor, for 4 nights, had to call down every single night at 12:30am-1am and ask them to shut the music off outside.  Seriously?  They were playing some drum and bass that would slightly rattle the windows.Expensive in comparison to the other hotels around the area.Friendly staff, but having to call down 4 nights in a rowFree wireless
3	Accomindations nice.  Staff very friendly.  Very service oriented.  Neg....there is NOT "cute" shops nearby.  They are empty....TV..not HD.or digital...looks lie your typical antenna.  Service makes up for it.  Great folks.  Free Wifi..Marriott charges $13/night.
3	stayed here for 3 nights, and is our company preferred hotel. the interior was modern, and the employees were very friendly and helpful. i checked in during the late night, and immediately asked for a refrigerator. it was brought up promptly (i could hear her asking him as i was walking back to my floor through a walkie-talkie). room service food here is bleh. i ordered the tomato basil soup (he gave me a large side since i didn't get the grilled cheese that it normally comes with) and it wasn't even WARM! waste of $7. the pesto chicken panini would've been good (it was a bit odd since it also had asparagus) but the bread was totally burned. the fries were good, and they forgot my ranch, but he came up with 2 right away after i called.my favorite part of this hotel is that it faces the man made lake, which is a great view for me to enjoy while on the terrace in front of their bar/restaurant. weather was great this week, and enjoyed a lot of nights with the breeze with some bubbly & wine. its also within walking distance to some shops and restaurants, and was able to burn off that southern food walking laps around the lake. also nice to see ducks, swans, etc.the room - it was standard size, although i was at the very end around a corner. the ice machine didnt work on our floor, but i was tired of asking for things. :) the bed was comfy, but not as comfy as i thought it would be considering it was "pillowtop". the worst were the pillows. they were all goose/feather down, and even with 2, i was so uncomfortable as my head sunk into them. i also couldnt turn off the fan, and im such a light sleeper that i could not sleep well the first 2 days because it was so incredibly loud.their basic tv channels are all fuzzy, i am not sure why, so that was annoying. their alarm clock, you can't change the hour, so i always used the wakeup call service, which never failed.we also received a free full breakfast buffet, and there was a variety of things (same everyday). biscuits/gravy (delicious!), bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, grits, cereal, yogurt, and we always opted for the make your own omelette station. it was great, except for the 2nd day when i asked for egg whites and got the regular eggs. oh well. great service other than that.would stay again for the convenience factor, as they have a shuttle service to our office (5 minute ride).
5	Very NICE hotel!  I have stayed here twice and all  things wanted in a great hotel they have!!!
2	My boyfriend and I booked a room on the executive floor for new years. We got here right at check out time and we were told it would be another 20 minutes before the room was ready....an hour later, here we are in our room with a bath tub that the paint is chipping off of and the tv doesn't work. We were charged for a movie that we can't even watch. Highly dissapointed. You would think that with a big name like Hilton, the room and service would be superior. Very lackluster.
3	Nice staff, my room seemed a little run down with a broken desk but it was all clean.
4	Recently, I came here for a conference.  The hosting organization did a superb job by selecting this awesome hotel!This hotel is conveniently located in the midst of restaurants, stores, and whatnots.  There's an awesome pond in the back with even more restaurants.The hotel itself is spacious with ample space for exhibits, registration, and socialization.  The rooms for workshops were impressive, allowing a large number of participants to attend.  The room was nice and decent.  Nothing fancy.  The beds were a little too soft for my liking.  Throughout the night, I just could not sleep.  Tossed and turned.  Folded pillows in half.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  I'll be back next summer as another hosting organization will have a conference there!
4	Lovely stay, but the downside of leaving on Sunday morning is the lack of luggage carts and more than two people can lug by themselves.  Doesn't checking out happen every day?
3	my sister got married here. the rooms were pretty decent, average hotel rooms. the bathroom was very small (negative for me). the ballroom where they had the reception was also small and smushed together, i'm not even sure you can call it a ballroom or why they rent it for use. there is an odd column in the middle of the room and that takes up a lot of the space. the room is oddly shaped so you have a hard time getting everyone in a place where they can see. however, the staff seemed pretty nice and accommodating. the ac has a serious problem though and we weren't able to get it cool enough for the guests. i saw a couple of guests eating outside in the hallway because it was cooler out there - not good at all. i think guests still had a great time and the wedding itself was beautiful but this space should really not be used for large parties even though its max capacity is like 140.
3	The best part of this hotel is the Boardwalk area behind it.  In the Boardwalk, you'll find some restaurant. Not all great, but you can get out and roam around a little. The rooms are standard. No biggie.The concierge lounge is ok. Evening reception is ok, some samosas and cheese. No free booze.  Breakfast is so-so.. no eggs and bacon. Coffee is so so.  Kinda dissapointed with the concierge lounge.  I think I'll go somewhere else next week.Back to to Boardwalk area, great place for kids. They have a play ground. There is a lake and you can rent a paddle boat.
2	Hotel rooms were average, bathrooms were tiny.Lobby coffee has a $2 charge...we opted to run to Starbucks every day and get great coffee for an extra quarter.Breakfast buffet was good but with parties of 6 being charged a 20% gratuity for a buffet seemed absurd and ridiculous for someone pouring coffee.Seemed to nickel and dime their guests at every opportunity and also appeared to be understaffed. We will not bother to stay here again in Charlotte, we could get better service with amenities we are accustomed to at a Hampton or Holiday Inn...disappointed.
5	I don't usually have the opportunity to meet clients in the university area, but was greatly delighted with this Hilton. The atrium/ lobby areas are wonderful, comfortable, worthy of the Hilton name and a delight for my clients. Their suite was second to none, almost had me forget that I wasn't the guest, and ready to kick off my shoes.  I will readily recommend this location to any visiting clients in the future.
1	Recently renovated but my room was not completed and ac did not function properly.    The lounge is nice touch but not enough to overcome the staffs lack of detail and follow through.    Will give this place one last shot but not holding me breath
5	I had my family reunion here recently and was very pleased with the hotel. The banquet staff as well as the sales and catering staff were very helpful and my family reunion was a success. The hotel was extremely busy that weekend so I was very surprised that they were able to a meet our specific request. I did not stay in a room , but my family didn't have any complaints about the room or facilities. They also enjoyed the free parking as well as the close proximity of restaurants and shops.  This hotel is a good alternative to the pricey ones uptown .. you are a short 15 min drive away from most of the major areas of Charlotte.
4	Family went to Charlotte, NC, for the weekend for a childhood friend's wedding. None of us have ever been there nor have family close by. My parents stayed at Courtyard by Marriott and my brother stayed at Hilton. Since I've stayed in Courtyard by Marriott before, I was curious about Hilton. The only thing I know about Hilton is that it's own by Paris Hilton's great grandfather lol. The staff is friendly. Check in is by 3 pm but we wanted to check in earlier and was able to at noon. After checking in the Hilton, we walked around the hotel. It's really nice. The hotel is located across The Boardwalk (shopping, restaurant, lake). Enterprise and Starbucks are inside the hotel too. The lower level has many  rooms for parties and meetings. I would definitely come back again.
3	Currently staying here.
4	Clean rooms and comfortable beds.  Sometimes parking can a bit of a hassle.   Front desk staff always friendly.  My room was recently redone.  Great location.
2	Look, it's certainly not the worst hotel you can stay at, there were a couple of things that were annoying. One, the parking was a hassle, too few spots, and even when they covered up a bunch of them with garage pods, they kept the valet spots roped off. Also the front staff could use a bit of sensitivity training, their reaction to my boyfriend and I asking for a single king wasn't necessarily homophobic, but it definitely lacked tact. All this would've been forgiven if the bed weren't so stiff and the pillows so crappy.
4	the food available was excellent and reasonably priced. For $123/night (government rate), a good deal for Hilton Charlotte University.
