2	No smoke flavor  in the pork bbq and sides(collards and black eyed peas) were devoid of flavor. Subpar bbq all the way
4	Normally when I'm checking out a chain BBQ joint, I make sure to not get my hopes up too much.  But with a friend of mine recommending that I give it a shot, I decided "why not?"  And I usually don't write reviews after the first visit, but I decided to after this experience.As I walked up to the door, I could smell the smoke, and the sight of logs out back gave me hope.  I walked up to the counter and ordered a smoked chicken sandwich "Alabama style" (which means they add slaw and Alabama white sauce) with potato salad and banana pudding as my sides (more on that later).  The total (with a $2 tip) was just under $12.  The price may seem a bit steep, but the price included my beverage.First off, the chicken on the smoked chicken sandwich was a mixture of white and dark meat and was smoked quite nicely.  The sandwich was sauced just right, with just the right amount of slaw.  And for the sides...  they're served in small plastic cups and could be construed as being a bit on the small side.  The banana pudding I ordered was actually the color of bananas (and not that neon yellow that you often see), with a vanilla wafer on top and on bottom.  Not overly sugary and adequately pleasing.And for the potato salad... well, I never got to taste it.  When I first received my meal, I discovered a hair in my potato salad.  I asked for a replacement, only for that replacement to also have a hair in it.  Frustrated, I asked for a completely different side (baked beans).  I was brought out an order of baked beans (which had a bold, tangy flavor that I prefer).  A few minutes later, the manager came over with a $10 gift card and apologized for the potato salad incident (and also let me know that they trashed that batch of potato salad).  Before leaving, she also gave me a second batch of banana pudding.  This was an excellent example of customer service, and I'll definitely be returning!
5	Excellent BBQ (I had the chicken on all three visits). Clean restaurant (including the restroom!); friendly staff, ample seating, delicious food.
4	I consider myself a BBQ snob as I eat Q at least once a week and I have a nice smoker and do a few events each year...BBQ and Blues is my favorite here in CLT.Enough about me...I have been to Moe's on three occasions and feel this guys do a decent job with their Q.  They do pulled pork, smoked turkey, chicken, brisket and ribs.  The side are very good and sometimes a little over creative.  The mac and cheese could use some help but the sweet potatoes and greens are very good along with a few others.These guys know their stuff and smoke their meat using fruit wood or a combination of with hickory.  I would rate this guys above the joints uptown Charlotte and a little better than Macs on south blvdThe portions are a good size, for example a meat with two sides and a drink is $10.00 for a platter. You can add another meat for $3.00.The beer selection is not bad either.Give this place a try, you won't regret it one bit....Keep on Smok'n
4	I had high hopes for Moe's from the minute I walked in the door. It features Alabama style barbeque, which I had experienced on several long drives down to the Gulf . Their way does not beat our way , but its just as good. Moe's features some really good pork barbeque, smoked chicken , turkey, and outstanding fried catfish . The catfish is a select, delicious lightly fried, crispy bit of goodness. Don't miss it. The smoked chicken is also one of my favorites, though as a true Carolinian, I will bring it home and cook it another 30 minutes . I like my bird to fall apart when I pick up the fork. The sides will vary from day to day, which is a really good thing. Lots of options ranging from squash casserole, mac n cheese, collards, succotash, beans of allpersuasions, and their signature Mud Pie dessert.We have returned to Moe's 8 times since they opened a month ago. Don't miss this place !!! I particularly like the fact that the meals include a drink. My only knock is that their tends to be a little too much portion control(especially with the sides) for a true Southern downhome style eating establishment... and we do not call it a "po boy"if its in a small hamburger bun. We call that a slider...
3	Went with my son's to check out the place. Had been there when it was Pure Taco. Inside is nice. The +'s ... The pulled pork was moist and had a good flavor, not the best ever, but good. The sauces were tasty, but not traditional NC vinegar based. The sides were ok. The Mac and cheese were good, the beans were better. Overall, I would give the food 4 stars.The -'s ... Portion size and price. You can tell it's a franchise when the food comes. Not your typical BBQ joint large tray. The pork was about as much as you would get in a good sandwich and the sides came in small cups like some places use for ketchup, well a little bigger maybe. For $10 and change, not a lot of food. Oh, yea, I wanted to try the brisket, but they only make it 2 days a week? What's up with that?So if you need a Q fix, it'll do, but expect to pay for your jones!
5	I had the catfish sandwich. It was so good that taking that last bite made me sad. The Mac and Cheese was delish and the watermelon/cucumber salad was good - unusual. My husband had the smoked turkey sandwich  Alabama style and collard greens. He said that everything was very good. I'm excited to go back!!!
5	I was offered a chance to review this restaurant for my blog. This restaurant is a gem that I may have overlooked otherwise!I usually check out the menu of any new restaurant I visit online before heading over. So when I saw the menu below on their website I was pretty underwhelmed. Even though I wasn't excited about the menu I was very excited about the restaurant's location. The restaurants location is a bright, open space on a main street the the quaint, downtown Matthews area with a great outdoor seating area.Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted a chalkboard listing the side specials of the day. My husband and I were both excited to see these extra options. I am the picky eater of the two of us, and my husband would have been all over the collards and creamed spinach if it wasn't for me.After a not so quick conversation to decide what entrees and sides we wanted we walked up to the counter to order. Ultimately we ended up with 2 entrees, 4 sides and an add-on of wings to each entree.While my husband picked out our seats while I checked out the rest of the space. I was excited to learn that there are 12 local and regional beers on tap, including one of B's local favorites, Triple C.The food was brought to our table and looked amazing. Any hesitations I originally had about what I thought was a limited menu were totally gone. One plate included: pulled pork with sauce, jalapeno cornbread, skillet corn, Brunswick stew, and smoked wings. The other included: shrimp "Moe" boy, squash casserole, mac 'n cheese, and smoked wings.Simply said, the food was delicious, some more so then others. Although everything we tried was flavorful, the skillet corn and Brunswick stew were overshadowed by the other items on our plates.The two items that I was most impressed with and surprised by was the shrimp "Moe" boy and the smoked wings.I am a huge fan of shrimp po boys thanks to B's family. Although this one was different than many po boys that I have had, B and I agree that it was one of the best. We are used to po boys served on French bread with tartar sauce, lettuce and tomato while Moe's serves theirs on a hamburger bun with their marinated slaw and what appeared to be a house sauce.The smoked wings were also impressive. I rarely go outside my box with smoked foods. I usually limit myself to smoked pork. I just don't like the smoky, wood flavor in my food (same with oaky wines, not my fave), especially poultry; but when the cashier recommended the wings I decided to branch out and give them a try and I am so glad a did. They had all of the flavor you look for in a wing without all of the saucy mess. They came with celery and what I think was BBQ ranch, however they were so fantastic on their own that I never even opened the sauce. After a conversation with the chef I learned that they are brined, smoked, and then flash fried. Amazing.The only reason there was anything left on the plate was because the portions were so generous!If you like BBQ (or even if you don't) add Moe's to your list to try. You won't be disappointed.
2	As usual, I am going to be the dissenter on the overwhelming WOW's of a new place.  As a disclaimer, I don't think there is anything fundamentally wrong with any of the food - I just didn't care for any of it.  From the sea of 4's and 5's this place has gotten, I see that very few had the ribs or BBQ, which is what I had.  The chicken seems to be a fan favorite, but I am not going to get chicken at a BBQ joint.  After visiting the folks, I found myself in Matthews and starving at 5:00 on a Thursday.  I thought I could mark off a bookmark by heading over to Moe's.  Neat brick restaurant (in a building just next to Kristopher's, and on the same street as the library) that looks very nice outside and inside.  As expected, there was no one in the place except for the employees at the early dinner time, who all seemed to be working hard tidying up the place for the Matthews Alive foot traffic starting the next day.  Including, a diligent young lady who was dragging chairs across the concrete floor (that's a pleasant noise) and using a metal cleaner to de-streak the metal stands on the tables.  Great smell from 5' away while I am trying to eat.  That was paired with Willie Nelson music being jacked up and down in volume.  Concrete floors, some roll-up windowed garage doors for a covered open patio effect with ceiling fans moving the air through (the doors were down though - it is summer in NC - 90 degrees with a possible storm at any minute).  There is also some outdoor seating.  I loved the concrete pig bench just inside the doors - very cute.  You order at the counter (be sure to checkout the special/sides on the chalk board at the entrance and the chalk board next to where you order) and are given a number to put on your table, food is brought to you.  I headed around the corner to get my drink and saw a sign above plastic squirt bottles of a dark sauce stating they only have one BBQ sauce.  You had best like it, because that is what goes on your meats.  I didn't like it.  I prefer a sweeter western style; this was a thicker sauce, but more vinegar than sweet and very strong.  Bleh.  The food:I wanted to try a little bit of everything, so an order of 6 ribs, 3 oz. of pulled pork, skillet corn (one of the side specials), mac and cheese, banana pudding (it's a side) and a piece of cornbread (and a drink) was just over $20.  The ribs: Meh.  Fine in size.  They said the meat is smoked, but that isn't what I tasted.  They tasted similar to the ribs I do in my oven.  Meaty, but with fatty veins, and drizzled with the BBQ sauce that I didn't like.  I like ribs that can stand on their own without the sauce, these would not to me.  Meat was tender though.The pulled pork:  The pork was vinegary, though cooked well and tender.  Covered in the BBQ sauce that I didn't like.  Again, I wasn't tasting the smoked flavor, just vinegar this time.Skillet corn:  Excellent.  A mixture of tender corn, red peppers, celery and maybe some onion (?), and a couple of small pieces of sausage/kielbasa.  Well flavored and a good side.  Corn shouldn't be the favorite dish at a BBQ joint.Mac and cheese:  Meh.  I believe it was baked at some point and then crammed into the plastic containers that the sides come in, which it then molded to the cup.  Lukewarm.  Congealed cheese.  No.Banana pudding:  Wafer on top, wafer on the bottom, thick and creamy pudding between.  Nothing earth shattering, but not neon yellow or jaw-clenching sweet, this was my #2 favorite of the meal behind the skillet corn. Cornbread:  Maybe I am not accustomed to the flavors of wherever this recipe for cornbread came from, but never in my 38 years have I had cornbread that was finished on the grill.  I think there were pieces of jalapeno in it - dry, crumbly and grilled.  Nope.I ate all of the sides and pulled pork and took most of the ribs and cornbread to my mom for her to try before she schleps my dad over there.  She wasn't a fan either.  This was not a meal worthy of $20 in quality, though the portions were fine.  The young man that took my order was a typical ambivalent teen, the young lady that brought my food was pleasant (that is the only interaction you will have with staff - you order with them and they drop off the food at your table - you get your own drinks, condiments, BBQ sauce, etc., and bus your table yourself).  I didn't like the BBQ sauce at all.  And though I was the only diner in the place, it would have been nice to not have to listen to Willie at full blast (and then silent, and then full blast again) and have the chemical-spraying cleaning crew scuttling about.  I like chains, I don't knock them as there is something to be said about reliable consistency of a brand, but this tastes like chain BBQ to me.  "I ain't going back." - Pawpaw C.
4	Finally got a chance to check out Moe's after passing by it many times. We had a party of seven and were able to sit together at a large round table.  Ordered at the counter and food was brought to the table quickly.  I had the smoked half chicken with the mac and cheese and baked beans. It was a big meal and a good value. The chicken was delicious and so were the sides. I can't remember what everyone else had but they all enjoyed their meals. No complaints.  I'm not one who analyzes the elements of the meal. It was just good food in nice surroundings and very clean including the bathroom which is always a good sign.  Will definitely return soon.
4	All 4 stars are for the food only. The BBQ is really good, so are the sides. This BBQ isn't as good as you'll find in some of the NC Mountain towns (Woodlands) but it's better than everything else in Charlotte. My main question is, why no waiters? Ordering food here is challenging and confusing. You order from the bar computer and find a seat. This restaurant needs waiters, it's not setup to order food and find a place to sit. Secondly I ordered a catering pack for "5 or 6" people and we got banana pudding as one of the sides. They only gave us 4 small cups and said 5 or 6 on the website is just an estimate and the banana pudding didn't come in catering sizes. Well I was feeding 6 people, that's why I ordered it, so I had to order 2 extra ones separately, they should have just given them to me. We've been here quite a few times but sitting and eating is not a good experience. The food however is excellent.
5	Moe's BBQ in Matthews for those who don't know 14 beer taps...from my memory they are as of yesterday and they have daily $3 specials and their ice tea is perfect too if you don't care from beer.DFH 90 minuteFoothills JadeOlde Hickory Imperial StoutFounders PorterNoDa Hop, Drop 'n RollNoDa GordgeousBirdsongand a few more I can't recall.The food is awesome!! Love the BBQ but the fried chicken on Wednesday is really good, and the shrimp "Mo boy" sandwich is incredible! (had it twice this week) Their sides are all fresh homemade with some being everyday and some daily specials. All have been GREAT so far with the succotash and jalapeno cheese grits being my favorite so far! My wife got the sweat potato casserole as a dessert and it too was amazing...topped with toasted corn flakes I think the only thing it needed was a little whip cream!!! The only disappointment so far has been the banana pudding...it has no bananas.On our first visit we sorta gripped about the serving sizes of the sides, but for $10 you get a sandwich, 2 sides, and a drink and we have not left hungry. The building is nice with roll up bay doors, screens, and 2 outdoor patios.
4	Probably not the best place for those hardcore barbecue aficionados, but the food is very, very good! (Think Midwood Smokehouse, rather than Bill Spoons.) Of course, you can't go wrong with the pulled pork, but my two favorites are the brisket and the wings. Do not come to this place without trying the wings! Holy smoked, crispy goodness, they are good!!! The ribs are hit or miss, as another (overly harsh) reviewer noted - not my favorite. All of the sides are great and they have unique options to choose from every day. Lots of NC microbrews on tap as well. The staff are all very friendly and gracious, and the place is always clean. Give them a shot!
4	One of the best bbq places around!  I work in Matthews and this has become a favorite lunch spot for our office.  I order the smoked chicken sandwich, which always comes Bama style with slaw and their signature white sauce, and it's delicious!  The sides change daily but they always have banana pudding, it's different but I like it.  The jalapeno cheese grits are good and the mac and cheese was good but nothing special.  They have a great lunch special, a sandwich, side and drink for $8.
4	Found the place almost empty last night around 8:30 (Saturday night), which is sad considering that the food is really good.  I liked the variety of BBQ (beef, pork, chicken)  and the variety of sides (about 8 expected and on a chalklboard, another 5-6 more original/unique).  Service was fast and friendly.  Good selection of tap and bottle beer.    Portions were good size.  Definitely coming back.
2	The service was great and the location is nice. The low rating is for two things: the amount of food for your money and the food simply not being up my alley. A small group of is were in the mood for BBQ and kept being told about Mose's by our neighbors. We figured we'd check it out. If you rose a platter (BBQ sandwich with two sides) it'll cost you almost $10. That $10 gets you a small sandwich with a small amount of sauce and two small side portions. Your side portions are the size of large Jell-O shots. After requesting no pickles on the sandwich, I ended up with pickles. I wasn't too irked by it until I tasted the sandwich and realized the BBQ sauce, what little there was, has a strong pickle flavor. My system and pickles do not get along so I was unable to eat much of the sandwich and, instead, delved into the mac & cheese side. It was tasty but a small portion and the cheese mostly hung on the side of the container in a mass. Despite my dislike of the flavor, I still would not go back as there are so many other places to get BBQ and they give you a decent sized (and much tastier) sandwich for your money.
2	First off all the kids running this place were absolutely great, unfortunately this food is making me think that the excellence of Southern cooking is a legend in their own mind. Wednesday special AWSOME fried chicken w/2 sides. $10The chicken was basically OK although 2 out 3 pieces weren't cooked as thoroughly as I like - chicken is the ONLY thing I like well done, nothing else. 2.5 starsa side of ribs: 3 pieces for $3 not a bad value, but the ribs meh! The primary flavor was salt with a vague smoky aftertaste, and wazzup with pickles? I would never order it again2 starsCorn bread, the worse I ever had. 0 starsBaked beans, exact same corn syrup sweet stuff your neighbors serve at every bbq. 2 starsPotato salad : where the hell did they get the idea that using lots of pickled jalapeno would make a potato salad taste good? Crap 1 star. The meal cost me $18 including a beer, I can live with the price but with the food, no. It's a 1.5 star meal rounded up to 2 stars because the help was a pleasure to deal with.
4	After my one lunch I'm giving this 4 stars. I had the BBQ sandwich special which included a MacDonalds-cheeseburger-size BBQ sandwich and two sides. I got collards and Jalepeno grtis. The food was very good; I'll be back for more. The service was great. So why not 5? I need to try other items on the menu. The lunch special was $9.25 w/o tax. It includes a drink. I had the sweet tea which was spot -on for how I like it. Not to sweet like you find at many restaurants. I'm a native Charlottean but I probably like my tea less-sweet than other southern folks. Nonetheless, good BBQ in Charlotte is sparse but I would say these guys are heading in the right direction with the pork BBQ.If you like pork BBQ, this is worth your time and money for a try.
5	We absolutely love this place. The owners and staff are incredible, the food is amazing and the price is right. We make Friday visits a routine as they make brisket only on Tuesdays and Fridays. Apparently brisket takes a lot of time and they do it only twice a week to make sure they do it right. We have sampled everything on the regular side menu and it's all delicious. The sweet potato casserole, the jalapeno cheese grits, red beans and rice, potato salad and collards are to die for. The least of our favorites on the regular side menu are the mac and cheese and the banana pudding. Everyday they offer different specials. The redneck nachos are a must, I had a Thanksgiving type turkey sandwich with cranberries, gravy, dressing that was literally one of the best things I have ever eaten. The southern fried catfish and the shrimp moe boy are incredible!!! If they are serving their peanut butter pie, you better go early because it goes fast.Unbelievable craft beer selection on tap. Great price, delicious food and awesome people! We love to start the evening with a craft beer at Carolina Beer Temple and walk down for dinner at Moe's.
5	Great BBQ and perfect for parties and tailgates. This is real Southern cooking. You get your meal with two sides and a drink. They may look small but once you start eating, it is really the perfect amount of food. The have a great beer selection including Mother Trucker Ale. Get on out and give this place a try. It is worth the drive from Charlotte.
2	Very pricey. This is going to sound crazy - went to BBQ place but we ordered catfish sandwich & shrimp 'mo-boy. Lived in Houston & miss my po-boys. When I called I asked if it was large enough to share & was told it was. NO! It was a reg sz hamburger bun. Also I ordered both with the sauce on the side, that didn't happen. The fish/shrimp cooked great & great flavor but lettuce, pickle, sauce & green peppers (thought that last one was odd) overpowered. Mac n cheese was bland & needed seasoning. Other guest got BBQ pork sandwich - didn't try meat, but sauce was good. Cornbread was dry & lacked flavor. Sweet tater casserole was good & flavorful. It was $35 for 3 of us to eat. Don't think I will be going back anytime soon.
4	I thought the Q here was pretty darn good, I thought that the pricing versus food quantity was appropriate and thought that the food was quite tasty. The Pulled pork was solid, the sauce was good too with just the right amount of kick. The cornbread tasted like a properly executed cornbread should. I did think that the fried green tomatoes were pretty weak, it isn't hard to make some really top notch fried green tomatoes with a mild amount of effort. I once again loved the beer selection as well as the layout with garage doors that opened up for when the weather is nice. I left here stuffed from the platter so that is all I have to say about that! I was slightly irritated though that they have a space for a tip when you order at the counter and they simply bring the food out when it is ready, and there are signs that tell you to bus your own tables, sort of tacky but some places roll like that. I'd certainly come back again.
3	Kind of middle of the pack fare & pricing run away if you're not careful. The family meal is a good deal.  Don't go if you're ravenous. A good choice, if you're trying not to pack on the poundage.Will agree with other writers that the tea is A.+  You'd think that tea might not be so hard to get right. A lot of joints don't, but Moe's is spot on.
4	Love this place! Great portions for the pricing. Nice set up and super friendly staff. Definitely some of the best bbq in Charlotte area.
3	The food is good, I like the catfish. I think that the smoked turkey is salt couldn't eat it had to send it back. I feel that the portion sizes are small for the expensive price that you pay.  They have great service friendly atmosphere. LOOOOOOVE the banana pudding and collard queens!
2	Food is amazing. Good beers on draft. Although the way the restaurant is run is ridiculous. I've been here a few times now so I can't say it was just one experience.  The one poor girl who is up front has ALL the responsibility of service. She's (whoever it shall be any day) has the responsibility of taking the order of all the food for everyone walking in the door right at the counter (which you're supposed to tip before you're even served your food). She's also the bartender at the decent sized bar pouring all the drinks herself. She's also the server that has to go to the kitchen and get the food and bring it out to your table vacating her other positions. Today I witnessed a manager, I'm assuming, smart mouthed his employee because she had to do all these other tasks while he had to explain the awkward ordering, seating, and food ordering situation to customers that standing around looking confused. The manager obviously is very proud of his food, which, no doubt, is great. But until the setup of this place is organized better I think I'll grab my food elsewhere because I hate to see employees talked down to that are doing 3 times the jobs as the manager who's walking around with his pride in tact.
1	Well , I've been here twice , both times I got the BBQ sandwich, first time I didn't know they put pickles on it, that's all I could taste, so the next time I asked for no pickles , put it just didn't still taste good, it doesn't even taste like pork, beans had all kinds of things in it that I'm not sure should of been in it! Cornbread dry... Son got smoked wings...they didn't taste smoked and I thought they were not good, how they run out of food ... They maybe are just saying that . I will never ever go back.
1	STRANGE place, unique form of BBQ (I'd consider myself well traveled) and know HOW MANY differences BBQ has across our Nation.First: The set up is quite different...you leave your order at the 'bar'/check out/cashier. That same person is also the waiter, bartender, cashier and when the place is busy...well it is confusing then. Second:The food~quite pricey for a BBQ joint. I had a wing plate for $11. (to go) this time. The wings were big, cooked well, but no visable BBQ sauce on them. I'm not sure, but there was a teeny cup of something white that might have been some ranchy dsg, but I don't like ranch so I didn't try it. With the platter I chose side of slaw. Sides are also in the same teeny portions as the sauce (I'm disappointed). There was a LARGE brick style piece of cornbread, but the texture was not your usual cornbread density, but more like a sponge and on the dry, tastless side. I think there were jalapenos in it but it was too dry to care about. Unique slaw...with more than enough green pepper & strings of red onion throughout it. It really wasn't a vinegary slaw and absolutely wasn't mayo-based either...their own style I suppose. Lastly: Their location is right on the main drag in Matthews. BUT where it is situated you can't park at the restaurant, you park in a lot or on the street and walk to the place. NO drive thru available at all, either. I cannot say the food was bad, just not like ANY other BBQ I have ever eaten in any state. For the $$ and the odd way to order/wait...I won't be back any time soon. The young man running the whole show was polite and nice enough, I just think he needs some helpers AND/OR they need a different way to handle busy times.
2	The service was pretty good for the most part. Not overly friendly but somewhat attentive. My order was put in the computer wrong but they brought me the right thing without any questions asked.As previously mentioned by others, this is way overpriced for what you get. The quality of barbecue is highly disappointing for something that is being served in NC. The BBQ isn't smoky and the sauce is bland. The amount of meat we got (pork) was shabby. The sides are really small and I think the size of a large Jell-O shot is accurate. The cobbler was disappointing as were the baked beans. The red beans and rice were yucky. The Mac and cheese was ok. The cornbread was eh. I wouldn't go back. There are way better BBQ places all over the Charlotte metro area.
4	I've been here a few times in the past few months and get something different every time. I like that they try and keep things local (I know for a fact that collard greens sold here are grown by local farmers in Matthews). The BBQ is delicious. The dry rub/spices that they put on the ribs are delicious! The corn bread is to die for!! The Mac & cheese is my favorite side and super yummy. The banana pudding has a hint of nutmeg and possibly cinnamon too, which is good. I really enjoy the atmosphere and the service/workers are great!They get one star short because of the sauce. BBQ sauce is super important in a BBQ place, but the sauce here is just not very flavorful. Also the baked beans are very, very sweet. I don't get beans often, so different batches can possibly vary, but it's been too much on the sweet side opposed to other baked beans I've had from other places before.
5	First off. It's a BBQ joint, not a fancy sit-down chain restaurant with hot girls in short-shorts and tight t-shirts. Most BBQ places are order-at-the-counter, eat off of paper plates and baskets. (The great ones anyway.) Not ever gonna' throw down cuz a BBQ or Chicken place doesn't behave like a sit-down restaurant. Don't even care if they don't have tables. These places concentrate on one thing: Food. And my friends, Moe's has got that food part down-pat! It's dayamn good!!! You can tell all the sides were cooked with "love" (butter & pork fat) and you won't care. So so so SO super yummy! I had Mac & Chz that was perfection and my friend had some squash casserole that was so good she couldn't stop making yummy noises. And this is the 1st establishment that I've found that actually rivals my collards. That is no small feat. (I make some mean collards.) And the BBQ?? AMAZING. Tender and sweet and tangy! YummO! Well done!! Will definitely be back. Again and again. Wanna' try EVERYTHING!!!
3	The smoked turkey is very good. However if you are picky eater, I would recommend getting your slaw on the side as well as the white sauce which is mayo based.  Macaroni is very good, baked beans contain green peppers, but still good. Their sweet potato casserole is home style, and delicious. If your a southern and love banana puddin, you need to try Moe's. Overall the food is good. Pricey, average $20 for two people. The staff are very nice.
5	Loved this place.  I had the pulled pork sandwich, piled very high plus sweet potato casserole which was awesome and banana pudding. Yum! Husband had Mahi Mahi sandwich which he said unbelievable.  Lima beans good too.  Plus easy casual atmosphere. We'll be back.
2	Poor representation of a BBQ place.  Food was at best so-so.  Lots of places much better nearby.
4	Best ribs you won't regret. Me and my family were surprised we had to serve ourselves though and the table could have been a lot cleaner. But a good meal is a good meal
4	We've been to Moe's Original BBQ a few times now (not to be confused with Moe's Southwest Grill where you get burritos).  It's a chain restaurant, yet it doesn't feel like one.  There are plenty of food options on the menu and every reasonably priced item comes with sides and a drink.  On my first visit, I randomly ordered the Smokey Turkey sandwich.  It was so good that I ordered it on the 2nd visit, too.  It has big pieces of flavorful smoked turkey.   Get it "'Bama Style" and they'll smother it in sauce.  My 3rd visit, I ordered the Fried Shrimp Moe Boy.  I naturally assumed it would be their version of a Po Boy on a long hoagie bun, but I was wrong.   It's more like a shrimp sandwich than a Po Boy.  It was on a hamburger bun with a few scattered shrimp.  It was just okay, and I wouldn't order it again.  I'll stick to their BBQ sandwiches or platters from now on.Along with the sandwiches, you get not one, but two side item choices, and there's a good variety of choices -- cold items, hot items, and even desserts.  My favorite side items so far have been the side salad and mac & cheese.  The side items are served in little plastic cups which make them look really tiny on your plate.  If you dump them out, though, there's really quite a lot in there, and I think Moe's is doing themselves a disservice with this deceptive appearance.  I'd also like to note that when I ordered the above Fried Shrimp Moe Boy, it looked like there were tiny hairs throughout my sandwich.  It looked pretty gross.  I questioned this with one of the workers and they looked into it.  Apparently, fried corn cobs was one of the sides of the day and the corn silk was getting into the fryer, getting singed so it looked like human hair, and then attached itself to my fried shrimp.  It was an acceptable excuse, and I ate the sandwich, but its appearance throughout my shrimp sandwich made me enjoy the fake Po Boy even less.  Note to Moe's: don't fry corn cobs with your other foods.  I can't be the only person who thought there was human hair in my food.  And, corn silk or not, it's not very appetizing in appearance.Moe's has ample seating inside, with garage door windows that can be opened, depending on the weather.  I recommend a visit for a quick, tasty, filling BBQ meal.
3	We stopped at Moe's today for lunch.  My wife had the pulled pork sandwich with sides of sweet potato casserole and Cole slaw and I had a shrimp sandwich with sides of mac 'n cheese and black eyed pea salad.  Our meals were both good.  Service was very good.
4	I had heard of Moe's and decided to try. As we walked in, slightly confused as no hostess to serve us, but the bar tender directed us to other end. He explained the menu and how to order at the counter. With decisions to be made while standing, it felt slightly overwelming, however he was very patient with us. I tried the wings and a couple of ribs. I was taken back when he said there were no sauce choices for wings, but that they were smoked and he assured me that they are great with the flavor that comes with it, slight hot and slight sweet. He was right, they tasted great. The ribs were good but overcooked as they were too tender. Atmosphere was comfortable and our service was friendly and fast Will return.
2	Got the Triple wide plus ribs for two, beans, slaw, mac & cheese, cornbread, and banana pudding.  Unfortunately for Moe's I'd eaten at Smokey's in Raleigh two days ago. Smokey's is great, Moe's was just another chain BBQ place serving commercial food.  By the way forget about ordering the Banana pudding, it tastes like paste.  Moe's did score high on friendly fast service.
