5	The burgers and fries are this place are to die for!  Fresh and yummy, this place will keep me coming back again and again.
5	Awesome Burgers, Great Price! It is actually one of the best burgers I have had in years. I can't wait to eat another one! The meat that they use just melts in your mouth, and it's mouthwateringly juicy. If you haven't tried a burger yet, you're missing out!I love the WFB special sauce! (When you get a burger, make sure you put some on!) Tell Chef Allan and Roscoe and Britney I say hi!
2	Good idea, poor execution.Being a 5 minute drive from the house and getting a coupon in the mail was enough for us to give this place a shot.  I like the idea of a very basic concept with few options to start and then you can make it your own after that.  It just didn't deliver.Here's the breakdown:Pros:++ The buns - they are made there, are really light, very tasty and a good size.  I don't like burgers with too much bun!++ Three sizes of burger to choose from - something for everyone.++ Ingredients seem to be pretty fresh++ The regular fries were pretty good++ You get to add your own fixinsSo-So:= The sweet potato fries were a little charred - enough to give them a bitter taste.  They also are thicker cut with skins on (which was okay by me) but could have used a little more salt/seasoning.= The place seemed clean overall, but there were quite a few flies around=They seem to have a decent selection of sweets, but we didn't try anyCons:-- The fixins bar is weak.  Not a lot of fresh produce and they offer shredded lettuce (which I think is messy).  It could use fresh avocado, pineapple, sauteed mushrooms, grilled onions, etc. Something more than raw onion and two kinds of pickles to dazzle up your burger with.--We both ordered our burgers medium and they were both definitely well done.--Watermelon lemonade was a special drink made that day.  I was excited, but it ended up just tasting like watered down watermelon - should have been more like lemonade with some watermelon than watermelon with some water and a little lemon in it.--It's crazy quiet in there. With no music and not many patrons, it was like a library.--There were about 6 people working this small lil' place which probably could have been run by 2-3.  Team that with the quiet and you felt kind of on display for them all to watch and wait for more people to show up.--Weird hours - only open until 7 and I *think* they're only open M-F possibly M-Sat - definitely not sure on that part though.Mediocre at best.  If they worked out the kinks and revamped some of their stuff, I *might* give 'em another shot - only if I had a coupon again though.
5	This place is great! Outstanding burgers that I crave relentlessly, if you are in the area definitely stop by. Not only is it a great deal but it is incredibly affordable. Go check it out today!
3	I understand the "farm fresh concept but 4oz. burger is $3.99, little pricey.  Buns were dry and beef patty wasn't juicy.  WFB special sause was very good.
2	Service wasn't the great, burger was dry, fries were extremely greasy. Toppings are confusing; the kitchen gives you the lettuce and tomato - the mayo, onions and pickles are at a condiment bar and the ketchup/mustard is on your table. Didn't make much sense.  Overall wasn't worth the money, Smash Burger is a better choice.  I do have to say though the restaurant smelt really good: that camping aroma of burning wood and charred beef. I loved that.
1	Boooooooo. We were SO not pleased with this experience.First, the buns were so hard and dry I could hardly choke mine down.I ordered the chicken sandwich with bleu cheese. The chicken breast was TINY...smaller than the palm of my hand. The bleu cheese was good, but how can you screw that up? They wanted to charge extra for grilled onions but raw onions were free. I'm not exactly sure how that makes sense but, whatever.The sweet potato fries were good w/ the fry sauce but that was, literally, the best part of the experience. I don't know if this was an off day, but, frankly, I'm not sure if I want to find out.
5	After receiving a coupon, we stopped in to check it out.The weights for each of the burgers are now listed. Someone said that $3.99 was pricey for a 1/4 lb burger, and if you compare it to McDonalds it might be. But this place grinds their own meat from a specific group of ranches, and after tasting it I will tell you that it's well worth the price! Cooking the burgers over a wood fire also gives them a great flavor. They now put lettuce and tomato on burgers free of charge, so the shredded lettuce is no longer there.The fries are also unique and outstanding. From their menu, they use Yukon Golds and fry them in rice oil with duck fat. The flavor is incredible, and when you use their fry sauce...well, I couldn't stop eating them.My wife tried a couple of the sweet potato fries and liked them too.They now have a TV in the small dining area that is usually tuned to sports.We will definitely be back, and highly recommend this place to anyone that loves burgers!
4	We took advantage of a coupon for a 2 for 1 deal. It was our first time in as well. While reviewing the menu the prices were reasonable even without the coupon deal. The burgers were delish! Bun were fresh as well. The girl running the cashier was super sweet and helpful. My hubby had the sweet potato fries which he really liked. They have a fry dipping sauce that was super tasty. Will definitely be back again.
