4	I bought these tickets without realizing it was an improv show.  For those who don't know what that means, think of the show "Who's Line is it Anyway?"   Except, this show has no boundaries set by the FCC to protect the kiddies.  I say that as fair warning, as it's always a bit ridiculous to hear complaints about adult shows having adult themes.  Go figure.The cast, for the most part, was very funny.  Considering everything was being made up on the spot, it was very witty and entertaining.  The audience seemed slow to warm up to giving ideas for the cast to act out, which probably could have been amended by a more attentive wait staff.  As the show moved on though, most of the audience became more engaging, which made for some pretty bizarre, and entertaining, scenarios in the show.There were quite a few empty seats, which could probably be attributed to the show being relatively new, and not many people knowing about it.  As I said in the beginning, I didn't even know what I was buying tickets for.  It had the word comedy in the title, and the tickets were very inexpensive from the tix4tonight booth.  Given how everything in Vegas can be overpriced, I jumped on the bargain.The only real down side to the show is the size of the venue.  This is located in a small room above the Cabo Wabo Cantina at the Planet Hollywood Casino.  I'm used to being packed into comedy clubs like sardines, and I have to admit, more people = more laughs = more fun. I definitely recommend this show though, and suggest, if you're not typically an outgoing person, to begin drinking before you arrive.  Part of the fun is the participation.
5	I have just been introduced to yelp and I think it is great.  This is my first review and I plan to write several over the next couple days/weeks on some of my favorite and least favorite shows in Las Vegas.  Here goes......This show is top ranked in my book.  It is located upstairs in Cabo Wabo.  It is a very comfortable atmosphere with tables which allow you to have plenty of room for your food and drinks.  The show is an improv show which is completely driven by the audience.  The audience is asked for suggestions and the cast performance is based on those responses.  I have been to this show several times and it is always different which amazes me.  No one knows what is going to happen before the show because no one knows what the audience is going to do or say.  They play several different "games" and even take volunteers from the audience for some of the games.  My favorite game is Brent's Bar.  The audience picks three problems that a person could have and then the cast takes over.  Brent runs the bar and sings the solution to the each of the problems.  This seems like an impossible task to do for me, but Brent does an outstanding job.  Another game that I really enjoy is called deleted scenes.  They take movie suggestions from the audience and act out a deleted scene from the movie.  This is so funny you have to see it.  The final "game" of the night is when the whole cast gets on stage to rap words that rhyme with a name that is picked by the audience.  This is the perfect end to the show because it is fun and gives the cast a chance to compete against each other to see who is really the best of the night.  Its Vegas they should allow betting on this!!!  8 )I highly recommend the show and you can always find a good deal on the tickets.  https://www.facebook.com/PartyComedyShow
5	I have seen this show at least 3 times and each time it was different. Probably because it's all about improvisation, meaning you have to make stuff up with quick wits. If you are familiar with the tv show "Whose line is it anyway?" which is hosted by Drew Carey, then you will know to "expect the unexpected".Located on the second floor of the Cabo Wabo Cantina inside Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, these guys will have you laughing at all the improvised adult games. Your host, who goes by the name of Kopy, will explain and guide you through the process. Basically, they ask for audience participation by asking for suggestions. In turn, they use these to carry out the games. What happens next is all entirely improvised and completely unscripted. What they do on stage will have you literally falling out of your seat from laughter. Definitely not for kids under 18. Even the host Kopy, gets involved as well. As for the characters, they are separated into two teams. After each team does a game, you as the audience are asked which team was more entertaining by way of the loudest claps, screams, and shouts.As a bonus, you have a server walking around taking food and drink orders. I think its awesome you can order food from the menus that are at each table. This last visit I ordered the sampler appetizer. It's a pretty nice ensemble of taquitos, wings, quesadillas and some type of nacho chips with meat on it accompanied by guacamole and cheese dip. This is the same food you can order from the the restaurant downstairs.This is one show I don't mind watching over and over again because all the scenarios and outcomes will always be different plus your characters will be mixed as well. This is the only show on the strip that does strictly improv. Tickets are relatively cheap depending on where you purchase them. You can get them from tix4tonight or just go straight to the entrance of Cabo Wabo and purchase them direct. That's where I got 2 for 1 tickets. So if you want funny adult humor, great drinks, food, and service, then this show is a must, especially if you have that significant other or you are just taking somebody here for that awkward first date. Trust me, it wont be so awkward once you take them here.
5	This is a great show.  It is very unique.  The creativity of the cast members were amazing.  We had a great time.  I cant remember the last time I laughed so hard.  We will definitely be back.
5	Oh my... this had me rolling on the ground laughing!  It's a very small and intimate crowd.  I have to give it to the cast, those guys are fantastically witty.  Their ability to make up things on the fly is amazing!  They have $1 shots in the middle of the show that were tasty.  You can also order food from Cabo Wabo, but I recommend just going there afterwards.  The tables at the show are small and you don't want to spit your food out in the middle.  This was a great choice!  Show up to get tickets at Cabo Wabo around 4:15pm and you can get two tickets for $30.  Best comedy show I have seen in Vegas (out of about 5).
5	Oh man! This show was so much fun! The comedians are hilarious. Total improv, tons of audience participation, intimate setting. You can order drinks from bar or your seats. They're very interactive with everyone, from seating before the show to hanging out after.  Show is in area upstairs above Cabo Wabo. Heads up though as the Cabo Wabo hostess staff know very little about anything not related to themselves (they gave us 3 different times for shows and ticket sales even after "checking" some cheat sheet they had) so check the comedy show's website for details. We will DEFINITELY make this a regular event whenever we visit Vegas! Thanks Kopy and all the comedians for the great time!
5	Show was great.  Atmosphere was friendly and comfortable.  The cast was very funny.  Night was enjoyed by all.  Would definitely recommend seeing this show.
5	Girls trip to Vegas and we decided to check out an improv show. We've all been to other shows so knew what to expect. We were happily seated in front and while the show started off a bit awkward, they got into the groove shortly into it. It seemed as though half the audience knew what to do, even after the great instructions. We were more than happy to shout out ideas, no matter how zany they were and a couple of us even got to participate onstage. It's a great deal to buy the three drinks included as the bartender knows his stuff. I had a great time and laughed at all the completely inappropriate things being said. A nice alternative to all the other shows and very reasonable too!
5	Been to.this show twice and planning on coming back again, this show is different every time and hilarious! The drinks are good and you get $1 shots in the beginning of the show to get the show going.it's super fun and I would recommend it anyone looking for a good night out and having good laughs!
5	Great cast and a good time for everyone. Seen multiple times and I plan to see it again.
