3	Denny's?  Seriously?  Do you know how long it's been since I've eaten at Denny's?  (Looks through reviews.)  Huh.  Apparently less than two years.  I would have said longer.  At least this time, it was in Charlotte (or the Charlotte area anyway).Since we were out and about running errands, and I was really hungry, we stopped for a bite.  But there aren't that many places open on a weekend morning in this part of town.  At least, I don't think there are.  Sure, there are fast food places - at least a couple of them.  And there is Cracker Barrel, but we've done that before.  So we chose Denny's.  What can I say?  Those Grand Slam commercials at least mean that they work when we have few other choices.The service was spotty.  It started good, but rapidly went downhill.  They seemed more interested in talking about what they did the night before (at least one staffer seemed to have been at the zombie walk) than helping customers.  One person dropped a glass.  Not a big deal, but it took a while to clean up, and that seemed to set everyone all a-tizzy.Food was better on the menu than on the table, but that is no real surprise.  A company like Denny's has a bunch of money to spend on presentation and (apparently) little on preparation.  The one surprise here was the pancake puppies.  These were a bit like hush puppies, only made of pancake batter.  They were pretty good - a bit on the sweet side, but nonetheless very tasty.  They come in orders of six, and I'm not sure you would want more than that.  In fact, a single order for an entire table might be good as an appetizer.Other than that, nothing much to say.  We might wait a couple more years before we come back again.  Or maybe more if I can resist those Grand Slam commercials.
1	Let me start off by saying this was the worst service ive ever come across. The waitress was the nastiest most unprofessional lady ive ever seen. She stopped by our table twice the whole meal and that was only after i asked another a waiter for drink refills after 20 min of waiting, second was to give us the checks. My wife even saw her and another waitress talking bad about us and looking at us in the corner. We did nothing at all to this lady and she was a real b**ch. I work as a chef in a hotel and have worked jobs as line cooks and everything in between and never do i stiff a waiter but this was the first and hopefully only time i ever have to
1	I don't want to even give this place one friggin star. Came here this morning at 4 after a night of drinking. Worst place ever. This place was dead, yet they wouldnt let our group of 5 pick where we wanted to sit. A black dude with dreads was our waitor - most unprofessional service I've had in a very long time. He was rude and unattentive. Would have rather talked to the coworkers than do his job. Had to beg for our drinks and him to take our food order. I'm not expecting the "cream of the crop" to be working those hours, but he was ridiculous. Our food sat in the window before he brought the cold slop over. Usually I would have sent it back and gone elsewhere, but Waffle House was packed. An even more unprofessional "manager' came over to see how everything was. Didn't catch her name but she was a thin white brunette with glasses. Told her how crappy the service was. She didn't apologize - just said they were busy - which.... They werent! There were MAYBE 5 tables full of customers. This is a sorry excuse for a business. Waste of calories and money. DON'T EAT HERE!!!!!!
3	Wow, such vitriol in some of these reviews for Denny's. My experience has been somewhere in between. I've only been here for breakfast on the weekends, usually in the 8:30-9:30am range. If it's a weekend that they've sent out coupons, it's busy and the service can be spotty. Heck even if it's slow it's spotty, but never have I dealt with rude servers. Free wifi is always a plus. Food is basic diner food. It may not be the best breakfast in town, but what brings me back is the build your own Grand Slam. I can pack it full of stuff I want to eat - like protein! - and not be stuck with toast that I'm never going to eat. So until something better comes along, I'll be back.
3	Wife and I visit here for breakfast about once a month. It's on par with most breakfast chains..service can be spotty....but we are early risers and not many choices for sit down breskfast. It's ok just don't expect great service all the time. The menu is typical breakfast fair. We did sign up for their rewards program. Which basically gets us coupons a few times a year, usually for 20% off our tab. All in all not bad
2	If the service is bad, then the food has a tough job of selling the place.  Considering that this is a Denny's I'm afraid the food didn't have a chance.  Granted the staff were very friendly, they seemed a bit disconnected.  I mean, how many times should you have to specify chocolate milk versus regular milk for your kiddies?!?  Overall a great value for your dollar so if you're looking for a down 'n dirty hot breakfast, this is the place.  It's still just a Denny's.....
5	I'm honestly shocked at these reviews.  We've been regulars for years every Saturday morning.  The service is always stellar and the food is consistent and exactly what you'd expect for Denny's.  It isn't gourmet, folks.  I love that the specialty menu items change and I love the healthy options.
1	Worst service and Worst Food Ever! I will likely never go to another Denny's because of this experience.
2	Denny's....what can I say.   I recently opted to eat here late night for some brinner.  My dilemma was deciding on a restaurant with breakfast fare open late night that I didn't have to drive far or have to endure a karaoke set.  Here is where Denny's comes in.   I went with the Grand Slam.  The food was nothing to write home about.  It all tasted pre-manufactured and had zero flavor.  I won't be coming back here no matter what Carrie Underwood cover I have to endure at my more favored establishment.
3	It was early Saturday morning, I was hungry and did not want fast food, so I ended up at Denny's. This was my second time at this Denny's (1st time was November '12 so you can see that I don't come here often) and my expectations hadn't changed from when I went the first time, but I was going to give them a second chance since I'm such a nice person : ) We were greeted by a some what enthused hostess who seemed as though she didn't want to be bothered, but I brushed it off and figured she was having a rough morning. There was about a 15 minute wait which was to be expected as it was a Saturday morning and before I knew it I was sitting down and greeted by a warm smile. Our server was great and he was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks, which is always a plus. I decided to order the "Build Your Pancake Combo" and had whole wheat chocolate chip pancakes (I did not like them AT ALL and ended up eating my mom's Pancake Puppies), bacon that was fatty and rubbery, bland scrambled eggs, and way too hard hash browns. Needless to say, I did not enjoy my breakfast, BUT I did enjoy some of my mom's Philly cheesesteak omelette and Pancake Puppies so I did get to eat something. For this trip to Denny's I give them 3 stars for average, because the service was really good, the bathrooms were clean (thank goodness), and the Pancake Puppies were yummy (TRY THESE!), but the food overall was sub par.Finally I noticed that Denny's now serves Barefoot wine, has plenty of flat screens and claims to be the place to be to watch the Carolina Panthers play. I guess they are trying to compete with the other sports bars in the area....good luck with that!
2	I stopped to eat before going to the movies. The service was adequate, but the waitress knew nothing about what went in to the food I ordered...and I called her on it.The hashbrowns were hard, the chopped steak was dry and flavorless. Overall....I wish I had gone elsewhere....anywhere elsewhere!
4	A typical Denny's.  I came here recently with some coworkers for breakfast before work.  I hD the meat lovers omelet, which was surprisingly good.  The service was friendly and attentive.  Don't come here if you're looking for a quality meal in an upscale restaurant.  Instead, come if you want something quick, tasty and cheap.  You will leave satisfied.
5	Second time here. We stop after a movie night with friends. The food was tasty and the service excellent, the server came plenty of times to the table to make sure we were ok. Adding this place  to the list of future visits.
3	Food was good. Besides my hash browns being burnt...I would come again simply because my waitress was awesome and fixed the issue right away :)
2	Went early on a Saturday morning, first issue was the guy that sat us (gray shirt) couldn't care less and barely spoke. I saw him do the same including throwing down the menus with the table next to me.Second, it was busy but not bad enough for it to take 10+ minutes to see the waitress, finally got my order in and waited. Noticed she was spending most of her time talking to another table, another waitress brought my food.Got the food and it was disappointing, the pancakes sat too long and were room temp.  The hashbrowns were decent and the sausage gravy left a weird aftertaste for an hour afterwards.Finally went up to pay and the cashier again couldn't care less, barely spoke while I paid. I think I'll stick with Waffle House, it costs more but the people are friendly and the food is a lot better.
