5	If you are in Montreal and need to be pampered, treat yourself to a visit to the Rainspa.  Have the hour-long massage and the Dead Sea Mud Wrap.  This was absolutely the most relaxing experience i have ever had.  I personally think that you should ask for Isabelle.  She went above and beyond.  She even heated up the mud and gave an additional massage.  It didn't hurt that she was one of the sweetest people I have ever encountered.  Follow the mud wrap up with a stay in the Hammam (a Middle-Eastern style scented sauna, complete with herb teas and a place to rest and cool off between visits).  DO NOT FAIL TO TREAT YOURSELF TO THIS EXPERIENCE!  To die for!
1	I was sadly unimpressed with my massage since the gal simply rubbed lotion all over my body and continued with her application of lotion throughout the massage. It did nothing for me but make me fume during my hour massage where I repeatedly told her to apply more pressure.
5	We are in Montreal celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary with another couple. Decided to spend the day at The RaIn Spa. We both received 90 minute facials with a mani - pedi.  I had the pleasure of having Agnus for all my services and she was amazing. She was professional, friendly and followed my cue on conversing or being quiet. The services were great and the only issue was the bench you sat on for the pedicure was pretty uncomfortable and awkward to get up from. I would most definitely return again- worth the $$$
4	My friend and I were in Montreal on a girls'/birthday weekend.   Having very little information about Montreal, I did a little research and found this spa.  We got the "Treat for Two".  And it was a wonderful, mind-blowing experience.  My masseuse was Robert - he was calm, knowledgeable and very professional.   I was left like a boiled noodle after he was done.  What a great feeling - an hour long massage- to have all the kinks worked out of you.  Next experience was the "express pedicure".  I'm sorry to say I can't remember the techs' names.   They were great ladies.  There was no rushed feeling.  They were absolutely meticulous.  Our last stop in the spa was the hammam.  It was quiet, humid, and just like the rest of our day ...relaxing.  Gives you a chance to meditate and focus. If you're ever in Montreal, gives this place a shot.  You don't want to miss out.
