5	Vinny is a real professional. Super-clean, and he has a light touch. He really brought my idea to life. I will always enjoy the tattoo with my niece's name.  He's a talented artist.  I won't go to anyone else.
5	Vinny is not just a tattoo artist, but a stellar designer who creates a unique piece of art using your body as his canvas.  You won't see your design on anyone else!His personable communication style puts even the person who's getting there first tattoo at ease and keeps many clients who thought they only wanted one tattoo coming back for more body art.  As an OSHA safety specialist, I'm most impressed by Vinny's role in creating legislature that requires tattoo artists to comply with standards that we would expect to be in effect in any profession of this type and would be surprised that the tattooing industry doesn't require.  Vinny's station and practices assure that your tattoo is not only beautiful, but done with your health and safety in mind.Vinny's work is worth every penny and so much more!
5	Vinny is the ONLY tattoo artist that will do any work on me.  I have watched him be meticulous on keeping the whole experience amazing. From the time and thought spent on the artwork, listening to what you want, and explaining how to achieve it for lasting and best results, to how he is dedicated in keeping all aspects of the tattooing hygienic.  His attention to every detail, his incredible personality and  wit, make the time fly.  I get compliments all the time on his work..even from other tattoo artists.  I have 4 tats by Vinny, and already have 2 more planned..Dang just talking about this makes me want to get another right now!!  Vinny is the best..HANDS DOWN!
5	Love Vinny!!!  Not only is he a great artist but a really good guy.  He always takes my kindergarten ideas and turns them into master pieces.  I am constantly getting compliments on my tats and requests for who did my work.  You will not be disappointed no matter big or small he will get it perfect!
5	Vinny is the best! Took me 15 years to find the right artist to do my coverup. Never tell it's a coverup. Both my wife and I will never let any other artist paint on us. Vinny's new shop and location are great also!!
5	Vinny is the very best at what he does. He is the only artist I would ever have do a tattoo and my son feels the same way. He is creative, a soft touch and is amazing at what he does. His work is stunning.
5	Vinny is not just a tattoo artist, but a stellar designer who creates a unique piece of art using your body as his canvas.  You won't see your design on anyone else!His personable communication style puts even the person who's getting there first tattoo at ease and keeps many clients who thought they only wanted one tattoo coming back for more body art.  As an OSHA safety specialist, I'm most impressed by Vinny's role in creating legislature that requires tattoo artists to comply with standards that we would expect to be in effect in any profession of this type and would be surprised that the tattooing industry doesn't require.  Vinny's station and practices assure that your tattoo is not only beautiful, but done with your health and safety in mind.Vinny's work is worth every penny and so much more!!!
