5	April is an artist extraordinaire . . . and she is quickly climbing the ladder as a topnotch pet portrait artist in the area. She has a keen sense of color and texture, but more importantly, she captures the essence and inimitable characteristics of each animal she paints. Typically once a month, you can watch her in her element doing quick renderings of pets on the patio of Press Coffee at City North. On her first outing at Press, I brought our cockapoo Bella for a rendering. It looks like April spent hours painting her, especially Bella's gorgeous eyes which are her most expressive feature. April is a supporter of most pet causes, often volunteering her time and services to pet charities in the Phoenix area. With the holidays approaching, you won't have to look far to get a one-of-a-kind special gift for your family and friends!!!!
5	Talk about not only an extremely talented woman,  but super nice too!! We had seen April's artwork at numerous shows, and my husband really wanted a painting of our pets.   She not only was willing to come take pictures of the pets (we did not take her up on this since we had just taken pics of the dogs that we were happy with.) but asked about their personality, and characteristics to add that in to the painting! When we got the pictures, we were blown away with the detail!!  They look exactly like our dogs!!  The textures in the hair, the personality, the colors....  it was amazing!!  We feel very honored to have our first set of April Howland Original paintings..... and we are already planning our next painting for her to do for us!
5	April and I have had a business relationship for over 10 years, and there are many reasons why I believe this to  be important but am going to focus on just two.First off, I've seen many of her paintings in person as I'm a huge fan of her work.  As such I attend many of April's events showcasing her awe-inspiring work.  One of her gifts as an artist is her uncanny ability to connect with her subjects (elephants, dogs, humans, etc.) and capture their essence in her work.  April has painted portraits of both my dogs, and I'm wholeheartedly connected to these pieces because of this gift she has.  Most recently I invested in a piece titled 'Fetch' which doesnt feature either of my dogs, and I'm equally moved by that painting. Over and over April tops her last creative endeavor with yet another.  Whether she's hosting a contest, developing a concept to support the charities with which she's involved or planning her next trip from which to create a series of paintings  April keeps it exciting and makes it fun to participate in her career. I'm  a HUGE fan of April's talent, passion and admire her also for the ways in which she contributes to our community.
