5	Owned by Jools Holland, you can guess this place is of great quality. Situated in a beautiful building on Queen Street, you almost feel like you're off to a ball. Well I was, my university end of term ball. But it does feel so much more grander than that. The food was so much better than the price tag suggested (I imagine this was to do with a deal with the university as I have looked at the restaurant prices and it ain't cheap) and the ambiance was spectacular. The staff made us feel like we were more than just grubby students dressed in our finest gear. The whole night was fantastic, and I understand why my university uses this venue each year. Jam House also operates as a restaurant and an up-market club. It is worth a visit for whatever reason you can find.
2	I was dragged here once by my 57 year old auntie who was looking to pull. I think that sums it up! Jools Holland owns it- which gives it some credit I suppose, and it's nicely decorated inside but it's not my cup of tea. It seemed to be a playground for the over 50s looking to re-live their youth. It reminded me of dad dancing at a wedding - you know the sort. On several occasions, sweaty old men made their move towards me, at which point I hastily circled the room.Food-wise, it wasn't anything special either. I had pan-fried chicken without realizing it doesn't come with anything else, should have ordered sides. Yeah it was ok, and the price wasn't too bad, but nothing worth going out my way for.
4	My boyfriend used to know this girl who thought that the Jam House was the least cool place in town.  I think that she's just not cool enough to realise just how cool this place is.  It's cool like the 80s.It actually IS cool like the 80s.  It has that kind of dorky but majorly fun vibe that is the joy of an 80s party.  I almost said "... that reminds me of the 80s" but that's a lie; I'm way too young to remember the 80s.  A previous reviewer said that it's like going to a family wedding because of the all ages crowd.  That is completely true and is one of the JEMs (what disguises itself as a typo is really my brain reminding me that I do remember some of the 80s...) of this place.      The majority of people who go to the Jam House aren't out for a pretentious night out, they just want to listen to some good music and dance without caring who's watching.  Yeah, you will probably end up dancing with a dad and make his night, or with a mom who is wearing heels for the first time in years and can hardly stand up.  That is all part of the charm of the Jam House.In exchange, you will find that the door charge is one of if not the cheapest in New Town and and the bar considerably easier to get to than anywhere else on a weekend.  I've never eaten here so can't comment on that aspect but the quality of the night out is, well, cool.  Like the 80s.
4	Best live music and dance venue in town by far. Great mix of old and new music, along with great age range of punters 20-60's I would guess .Gets going early, with house band playing covers from 60's to present date until about 1.30am. DJ fills in between sets and takes over from then.Drinks aren't that pricey and admission is certainly better value for money than anything on George Street given there is also live music going on..
5	Billy Ocean Live performance...... Friday 20th April 2012. Tried to get a booking in the venue's restuarant, but left it too late as they were sold out completely. Bought tickets to see the UK's biggest selling soul performer. Arrived to a busy venue but was served extremely quickly. Plenty of bar staff on duty and good cheery service given. Started on cocktails...Bad move though (still have headache on Monday!) Got a postion right at the front of the stage. Billy Ocean took to the stage at 9.30pm and performed for a full two hours without stopping. Covered all his hits from the 70's/80's. Great performance and full marks to The Jam House for bringing this legend to Edinburgh. Night was rounded off by dancing to the Jam House resident DJ who played a great mix of 60's/70's and 80's soul/disco tracks.
4	Do and little dance....Make a lilttle love...Get down tonight......d ododododddddoooooo! I had a great time here! If you love 80's music and a good dance then you will love it here! Although book well in advance as it gets busy!! In all honesty it think its the only dance place i have been to that you can findpeople on their late 50s 60s mixing with 20 year olds ( like me ...ahem) ! Really good for hen nights or a big group!
5	The best place in Edinburgh for a great night out with friends.We went along on Friday night and admittedly it was a bit quiet, but the place really goes over board when providing a safe and excellent night out. Music was terriffic. So much so, we came back for more the night later.....Wow, it was mobbed...What an atmosphere.....11/10Luved it!!
3	So this Saturday was my first visit to the Jam House as my friend had organised a Celtic Celebration for the MND charity. The venue was everything she needed, great area of dance floor - handy for the 50+ Irish dancers that were jigging away, great stage area for the more contemporary dances/ bands that played and big enough for the volume of people that came to support albeit only just as at one point there was a shortage of seating and then standing room only towards the back.  Brilliant evening raising money for a very worth while cause in a very nice venue! Great time had by all :)
2	Having purposefully avoided coming here over the last eight years or so it took a bit of arm twisting to for me to break my ban on Easter Sunday but the prospect of non-stop Northern Soul clinched it.Thankfully the place wasn't uncomfortably busy once we got there so that was a bonus. Other than that though the things that had put me off in the past are still in evidence, namely poor acoustics (benefit of the doubt - the PA and shoddy mic in use may have been the organisers' rather than the venue's) and they still don't stock tomato juice so bloody marys are out of the question. Best left to the older & older at heart for the better part of another decade I think.
