2	The place looks good inside, however the quality of the sushi is really so-so... As well, for the price you pay, you may as well go to another restaurant downtown to get better sushi.
3	Good sushi.We go there once in a while.  What I don't like is once the kitchen is quiet, the chef goes in the back door of the restaurant to have a smoke or two and the fumes gets in the restaurant....therefore like a smoking area.
4	Their fish are among the freshest of sushi restaurants, their apple roll OMG so good! And they now do monthly specials that add more taste to the menu! Very quite place nice atmosphere and excellent service!
2	Not worth the price and I dunno how they are still open especially on nuns island! They have a competitor sushi palace just across!
4	I'm sporadically regular customer of Umi Sushi for years. The restaurant is still the best sushi joint on Nun's Island although relatively pricey. It is also a little cozy place with real table cloths and small sushi bar, where you can wait to pick your take away. There is a nice fish selection in the sushi list, variety of rolls and fresh sashimi you can fill your sushi boat with. The menu has also a good choice of dishes. The service has been always very attentive. My last visit was on Friday night and the personnel was definitely overwhelmed with the amount of people they need to take care of, two people were struggling to run in between the tables to take care of the customer's orders.
5	Just tried Umi Sushi for the first time as a visitor from Brooklyn with locals. Lovely evening - great food, tasteful decor, mellow atmosphere and excellent service. The food was fresh, and a great sushi selection. Nice to know this little gem is on Nun's Island. We'll be back!
1	1rst time there, ordered a plate of sushi but everything tasted bad, not fresh, smoked salmon had small white spots on it so I had to throw it out. Today, I gave it another chance and ordered a sauteed seafood udon hoping a cooked meal will be better. Nope, it was just as bad, got 2 small shrimps, 1 mussel, 1 scallop and some shredded imitation crab meat. The scallop did not taste as it is supposed to; gamy, disgusting, probably stored in the freezer for way too long. Therefore, I did not take the chance for the mussel...only the udon noodles. Nothing is fresh and it's a Japanese restaurant. I will never return there, I DO NOT RECOMMEND.
