3	This place is not the cleanest, and has been known to score pretty low on health inspections. However, I love the little street tacos and have never had any problems myself. I'd say it is as sanitary as getting a street taco in Mexico, of which I've had many. They have all kinds of tacos - beef, chicken, pork, al pastor, goat, cow head, tongue - u name it. They have a lot of other stuff, too. I just get the tacos. 6 of them, because they are tiny. They have TVs for watching Futbol, a game of pool will run you 50cents and they have 3 video games in addition to a jukebox. No AC, so watch out for that in summer, but I usually use the drive thru.If you are looking for a "hip" taco joint - move along. If you are looking for street tacos, hit this up.
4	I typically drive past this place every day coming and going from work. I decided to stop in and give it a try. The restaurant was not very busy when I arrived, which was nice because the menu was large. I decided to try the chimichunga - and am I glad I did!  I went with the carne asada and it comes topped with lettuce and a bit of guacamole, a side of beans with cheese, and rice.The rice was moist and flavorful. I was impressed. The beans were fairly standard beans. When I made it to the chimichunga, woah Nellie. I think it was the best tortilla I have ever had. It almost tasted like a waffle fry at the fair (but no powdered sugar). It was not huge, but it was very filling. It was so tasty I ate the entire thing. I will definitely be back for more!
4	Delish, but they don't speak English. It doesn't look clean. It's quite strange. It's really really good food though. Sometimes I don't even get what I ask for. It's strange, but good.
5	I have been looking for a delicious taco place since I moved back from California in June.I've tried a few places that friends recommended around in the valley, but they were no good.They didn't taste like authentic home made tacos. In California, I used to eat at taco mexico all the time, so to find one out here is super exciting. In my opinion they have the best tacos ever! (Although, I must say I am a picky eater.) Now, They do have a few locations, I went to the one located on 16th street and McDowell. Also,just FYI the workers all pretty much speak Spanish so if your not ok with that, tough $h!t. You will miss out on some good Mexican food!
4	Holy sh*t balls!! This place surprised me! Me and the hubby were looking for dinner before we went to the drive in and stumbled upon this place next to a QT. We went in and were fairly surprised by the prices. 90cents for a taco?? No way! There has to be a catch. But there wasn't! These carne asada tacos were bomb! They were nicely seasoned and the salsa that was served it was good with a nice kick to it! Totally not what we expected, the hubby ordered a burrito and even I wanted a bite! They only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because the staff wasn't that friendly, didn't greet us and didn't make much eye contact, weird but okay granted the service sucked, the food was good. If we're in the area and feeling like Mexican, we will be back here.
5	They aren't messing around when it comes to hot sauce....  This stuff is the real deal!
2	Bland breakfast burrito. Needs some salt. Yes the hot sauce is spicy but taste shouldn't be just about "how hot" the salsa is. I'll try it another day and update my review.
3	Really 3.5 stars if I could give it to them.  If you like quality eats and super cheap you'll dig it.  90 cent tacos and 65 cents on Wednesday!   They're round and only about 3 inches across so order a few.  Had the goat meat sopes and they were solid definitely try the homemade drank they have in tubs on the counter - pineapple yes tamarind not as good.  Lotsa funky meats to try if you're adventurous like pork gut and tongue along with the billy goat.  Good cheap no frills food just couldn't quite give it a 4th star.
