1	Worst moving company I've ever dealt with.At first, all seems well. They are receptive, offer a competitive quote, come out to my place to pickup the deposit and visually quote my belongings. Then it quickly goes downhill.They turned up to pickup my stuff in Montreal and the first thing out of the drivers mouth was "there's someone working in the hallway. Can't move today" and proceeded to leave. Didn't even bother to ask the workers how long they would be (which was 10mins). After he drove off I rang and complained to Alex.The driver came back and, after huffing and puffing about the dog, did the job I was actually paying them to do, but not before arguing with me that I wasn't paying him and he didn't care who I complained to. At this point I'm wondering what's going to happen to my stuff..They had advised me to give them two weeks notice of when I need the goods delivered in New York. After doing this and informing them that I needed confirmation so I can arrange a move in time with my building, they waited an entire week before getting back to me. Surprise surprise, all the spots for the following week were allocated for move ins at the building.I rang on a Friday at 4pm to speak to someone at Target Moving to explain the situation after my building had kindly re arranged some move ins to make space for me, only to find that the person who answered the phone at Target refused to take any messages, told me no one was there, spoke over the top of me because it was "going to be a public holiday on Monday and he wanted to go home" and hung up on me. So I rang back and was subject to the same treatment. I will say, their only plus is my contact Alex who had been very responsive and did at one point try and arrange a last minute move across the border to fit in with a time my building had free a week before this happened. After I emailed about my Friday phone call, Alex did reach out to me on a Saturday to confirm my move date.Then my move date rolls around.They charge an extra $250 because they want to deliver my stuff in the AM but my building only has free elevators in the PM and they "need to hire another truck."Whatever.They turn up 3 hours after the time they say will turn up, which not only wastes my time, but also my buildings time, who is trying to facilitate other move in's. By the time they DO turn up, another moving truck has turned up to use the loading dock which of course means Target Moving has to wait. This resulted in a huge argument between myself and Emry who said he was the supervisor and they aren't going to wait. Not once has Emry apologized for this absolutely shocking service this company has provided.This company has ZERO customer service, ZERO ability to do their job effectively and ZERO compassion for when they do f**k you around. Everything they say they are on their website is an out right lie.9pm rolls around luckily the drivers turn out to be contracted to Target Movers and agree to wait. They start moving stuff into my apartment, 6 hours late. Guess what? Half of the stuff they bring in IS NOT EVEN MINE! On top of that, through broken English I believe I understood the contracted driver that Target had over charged me based on the weight of my stuff.All the boxes I had clearly labelled FRAGILE had been crushed. Luckily, nothing was broken.So then, hopefully you find this review before you decide to book your move with these incompetent idiots.
1	I hired Target to move from Montreal to Vancouver. The pick up guys were friendly, but moved VERY slowly. A relatively simple move, nearly everything was boxed except for the large furniture but the movers still took 7 hours - that's including their 15 minute coffee breaks every 45 minutes.There were some problems with the company when payment was due, which led to some aggravated phone calls from their so-called customer support. Very unprofessional and almost threatening.After the packing up was completed, the movers left - pretty standard. It wasn't until our move was completed that I realized how poorly managed this company was. Shelves were broken, bed frames mangled, guitar cases ripped, and worst - boxes were soaking wet (neither pick-up or deliver did not take place while raining).I could not say anything at time of delivery, as my wife was home and accepted the delivery, but when I tried to get in touch with Target, I was completely brushed off. I finally received the correct form to file a damage report and promptly faxed a completed copy (Jessen Moving Inc).To this date, I have not received notice of the status, even after multiple attempts to get in contact with Jessen/Target Moving.Overall, would not move again, 1/10. Two thumbs down, stuck between broken shelf boards and hammered together. 0 Stars was not an option.
1	WARNING WARNING DO NOT USE THIS MOVING COMPANY.They are rude, unprofessional and lost 2 of my boxes.Like the other review, at first all seemed well and it was a competitive quote. On the day of the move the movers were 3 hours late and no one thought to inform me. Delivery: I had been clear that I needed all my stuff by a certain date. I asked when the best pick up date was in order to receive my furniture in time. I was guaranteed my stuff would get there in time. I have kids and needed to make sure I had beds for them to sleep in and all my baby gear. During the transfer of my furniture I checked in at least 4 times to make sure everything was still set for an on time delivery. The company was hard to reach and no one returned my calls when they said they would. Then I got an email saying to contact their US company (btw not their company, but a company they hire), these people were great but unfortunately because of the schedule made by Target moving, my furniture did not arrive on time and I was forced to purchase baby gear, kitchen ware, air mattresses etc.I seeked a credit from Target moving over the phone and by several emails and I am now being ignored.Bottom line DO NOT USE THEM. I generally do not write bad reviews as I am quite easy going and forgiving but in this instance I thought it would be best to warn anyone who was thinking of using them.If I was still in Canada I would bring them to small claims.So disappointing.
