5	I love, love, love the hair accessories here!  I can't believe this is my 1st check in.  I have to go here at least 1 time per week to see what new shipments they got in..  Ohhhh, and there Shasta soda! ummmmm!
4	I usually steer VERY clear of 99 cent stores, but this place has a great produce section (a lot of it organic!) Romaine lettuce, iceberg lettuce, leads, peppers, apples, oranges, mushrooms, squash, zucchini, broccoli and more! Definitely worth checking out.
5	I love this place. There are things that you don't need to over pay for...... Ever. They have brand names here as well, like dove soap. Colgate toothpaste, and they have produce here as well. I have only bought a watermelon here, but it was tasty. I took it to a party and everyone loved it. I , of course, know some snoody people, so I kept it to myself until after they ate it. I am in the process of redecorating my house and I am making my own decor pavers. Bought three solid metal brownie baking pans for them to set in. $3.25. How can you go wrong.?
4	My GF got me hooked on this place. They honestly have some great produce but you have to check every day. If you are gluten free, they get gluten free breads in  every now and then. The same brand they have at Whole Foods for $5 a loaf is you guessed it 99cents! can't beat that!
4	My love for the .99 cent store just keeps growing and growing.Like I said in my previous review, there are some things that you don't need to over pay for......ever. Like accurate pregnancy tests! Why pay an insane amount of money for something that you are going to pee on and then throw away? Yeah, I said it. Yeah, I've bought a few. Don't worry ladies, I'm your guinea pig.This store has name brands, such as Dove soap, Colgate tooth paste, Lysol cleaning supplies, and the list goes on. They are smaller than what you would find at a "normal" store though. As for their produce,  I have only bought a watermelon here, but it was tasty. I took it to a party and everyone loved it. I know some snooty people, so I kept it to myself until after they ate it.They have cute kitchen gadgets, like melon ballers and garlic crushers.Believe it or not, I can find things here that I am not able to find anywhere else (at least for a decent price.) Today, it was Popsicle (aka craft) sticks. I looked at two stores with no luck, and I was able to pick up a hefty amount of them for .99 cents!And of course, CARDS. Why pay almost $3 ( and up! )  for a card that says "Happy Birthday", when you know that they are most likely going to pluck out the $20 bill that was inside and toss the card. The things that sucks.It a usually hood rat central. Mom's screaming at their kids, telling them that they're going to beat their @SS and take their bracelets away.Checking out is terrible. Sometimes they only have one register open, and the line can curve around the store. It is worth a try!
