4	I'm surprised that no one has added this on Yelp, yet... Went to check out the new Cosmopolitan hotel and the first thing I saw walking in from the 2nd floor was kidrobot! Very, very tiny store compared to SF and LA, but nonetheless, TOYS!! They didn't have any exclusive items other than "I kidrobot LV" tshirts. I love kidrobot, but my wallet doesn't... I'm still glad they made it to LV. :)
4	I was excited to find out that the pop up Kidrobot store in the P3 Studio has become a permanent store...but where the hell IS it?! I walked around aimlessly until one of my friends came up to meet me. It is on the same floor as all the shops, Level 2. Walk towards the Beckley and Retrospects and it will look like there's nothing else there but a door to exit out, but on the right is a tiny entrance to Kidrobot.  I didn't realize there wasn't any pictures of the shop so I will get some next time.It is a small store, but very happy to have some TOYS! There wasn't any exclusive toys that caught my eye when I went in so I grabbed some Azteca II and a DIY Trikky ( the cat) who will live out his life as a huichol cat with a poncho eventually. Just very happy to have them in town. Good thing I've learned to control buying too much or else a few years ago this would have been a problem.
4	This is a cute little store.  They seem to stock all of the standard KidRobot things.  The prices are about the same as you'd find over in San Francisco.
5	Kid in candy store is all I gotz to say about that!!!
4	I was so excited to find out that there was a Kidrobot store in Las Vegas at the Cosmopolitan.  It's not a big store, more of a boutique size, but I found some great shirts (just in time for the holidays).  It is a little hard to find if you don't know where it is.  It's located on the second floor, closer to the strip side of the hotel near an exit...sorry that's the best description I can think of.I thought the female staff member working there was very helpful.  I was looking for a specific shirt, and she helped me find it.  I was going through all the different sizes and felt bad that I was unfolding all different kinds of shirts but, she was really nice and said it was okay.  Then when I was ready to checkout, she asked if I had a Identity card (Cosmo's players card), which I did.  She said that I get points from my purchases from there...sweet!All in all, a good experience!  Found the shirt, earned some points, and left a happy customer.  I will be back again!
3	i just walk through here to look at cute stuff!
4	I have been in love with Kidrobot for many years and have always been subjected to online shopping.So, you can imagine the joy I felt when I discovered they had an actual store!It's a very small shop, but it still has a good variety of shirts, bags, phone cases, and little knick knacks.The employee was super nice and friendly. She would ask if I needed help but was not super pushy and overbearing. She always gave me good tips on sizing and things like that. I can't wait to come back here and shop!
4	Cute little shop in The Cosmopolitan.  I don't know much about the Kid Robot collections, but found a very cute little toy for my 8 yo nephew.  The staff was very friendly and obviously passionate about the products, but not overbearing or pushy.  A great shopping experience!
2	Wow, store isn't even open 10 minutes after their posted time, talk about great customer service!
5	I passed by this store a few times while staying at the cosmopolitan before stopping in. It looks pretty cool from the outside with all the kid robot and little figurines they had setup. This store was right up my alley. It had a lot of cool little figurines and collectibles. I'm a sucker for collecting things. I decided to buy the street fighter mystery box. My wife was like, all the guys look cool but hope you don't get blanka. And what do you know... I get blanka! But it's ok. All the figurines looked cool. Now I want to buy more!This is a cool little shop in cosmopolitan. Stop by if you're in the area and love these types of collectibles.
