5	I am a worrywart about leaving my dogs.  I really don't like to kennel my dogs so I decided to try an overnight pet sitter out.  I am so glad I did!  My pet sitter Misty came over to meet my dogs about a week before my trip.  I have two big dogs, one is 13 and 85# and needs lots of TLC and the other one is a  3 yr old 95# American Bulldog.......who definitely fits the breed name!  Misty came in and laid down the law right from the start.  She had both of them wrapped around her fingers in no time.  She sent me text messages and pictures of how the boys were doing the whole time I was gone.  I could see from the pictures that they were very settled and relaxed while I was gone and getting lots of TLC.  She even put up with having 95 pounds of pooch in her lap and on the bed at night.  I did not worry about them at all which made my visit with my family much more enjoyable.Misty could not be here for the last afternoon potty break so Lauren stepped in and was a great help. Misty left notes each day about what the boys did which I really appreciated too.I am thrilled that Misty will be having another "sleepover" with the boys in a few weeks!
5	We have used tham a lot and they have never disappointed!  They take care of our deaf puppy, a big mutt dog, a bunny rabbit and 2 chickens for us.  They text us to tell us how everyone is doing and leave a lenghty note after each visit.  They also water plants and get our mail!We have been thrilled with Little Friends!  They called this morning to tell us one of our chickens was missing (she wasn't, just has switched coops).  I appreciate their thoroughness and the attention they lavish on our pets.Much less expensive than boarding, much happier animals, too!  They also have been wonderful at helping us "last minute" because, fortunately or unfortunately, that is how we roll sometimes...
5	I have been using Little Friends Pet Sitting for about a year now and they have been wonderful to work with. Bill comes and takes my two dogs for a walk while I am at work. They are always very happy to see him. He leaves me notes regarding each walk they take and sends me a text to assure me that the pups are fine. Bill recently came to my house a few times a day while I was out of town and it was nice to know that my dogs where in good hands. I would highly recommend Little Friends!
5	Can't say enough about these guys! Everything about LFPS is perfect in our view.  From being able to pay using Paypal, to being able to drop off and pick up our keys whenever is convenient to us, everything just works.We have a big, tough looking German Shepherd/ Lab Mix, who at 100lbs can be more than a handful.  He is a lover, but he's not above getting angry, so we're always a little worried when we leave.  But LFPS are great about coming by ahead of time to make sure the pets are comfortable with them, which always leaves us with a better feeling.  They also send texts every time that they come by, so it's nice to know that everything is going well.Definitely recommend them over a kennel, as long as the idea of someone creeping around your pad when you're away isn't too scary!
5	So we just got back from an overnight stay with friends and have to say we are totally stoked about the care from Michelle fro Little Friends.We're 3 months new to Charlotte and thanks to the reviews and a phone call to LFPS, we scheduled an evening and early morning feeding for my two cats. One of my cats is a Lil timid, anxious, and will hide from strangers. Michelle was not only able to keep her (the cat) from running, she got her to eat and be petted... and sent pics via text keeping me informed when she visited.  They were very flexible with the timing as we had to reschedule the overnight the night before and she completely helped and worked with us.  When we got back we got a pet report of each cat and their feeding as well as bringing in the mail and packages for us. Completely thoughtful. LFPS is definitely our sitter and I will be asking for Michelle to be the cats new friend.
5	Our experience with Little Friends has been outstanding thus far.  We've been using Little Friends for the past 6 months and we've had about 7-8 sitting experiences.  We have 2 cats, one requiring shots for diabetes and overnight stays.  Little Friends has provided 2 excellent sitters who take care of everything.  The communications from the company via phone, email, and text is excellent.  We're able to line up appointments online, which are confirmed quickly.  Payments are set up via credit card (also easy).  Our favorite feature is the sitter will communicate with you via text while you're away, and they leave a detailed log of what they did while you were gone.  Excellent service my wife and I would recommend to anyone with pets.  We plan to continue using them well into the future.
5	I recently moved to Charlotte and was relying on a friend to walk my dogs on the one day of the week that I have to be out of town for work. When he cancelled on me the day before I was supposed to leave I panicked! I had already looked into Little Friends and decided to make a desperate call for last minute help. You know what? They were able to get me on the schedule for the very next day. Also, we love our new dog walker Kenzie. She always texts us when she's at our house and let's us know all is well with the girls. I couldn't be more pleased and grateful. Also, the rates are very reasonable. Thanks Little Friends!
5	Great!  We have only used them twice (because we've only been out of town twice).  I wouldn't hesitate for a second to call them again.  The 1st time things were scheduled; our sitter came to the house to meet our cats and us.  I felt very comfortable.  While I was away she sent me a text message to say all was OK and when I got home there was a daily log. The 2nd time we needed them- it was VERY last minute.  They totally accommodated us and went in to take care of our kitties again.  They definitely went above and beyond.
4	The first dog walker that worked with me was a handfull but she is no longer with the company which is why I am rating them pretty highly. My new dog walker is SO MUCH BETTER. She walks my dog for the entire time that I am paying for giving her the physical exercise she needs versus sleeping all day! She is polite, makes good judgment calls, and I would recommend her to anyone of my friends or complete strangers! Thank you to Kenzie for helping make my hectic life less stressful and my dog's life that much happier!
5	I must say how desperate I was to find a dog walker only a few days before I started a new job. My dog is my child and it's tough to put trust in someone you don't even know! Let alone coming into your home when you aren't there. Well, I have been blessed with the best dog walker ever who I trust completely. There is no better feeling that when I am busy at work, I receive text messages and pictures of my little buddy after each visit. It helps to know when he was out last so I know how much longer I can stay at work. Not only do I get text messages that are always the highlight of my day, when I get home there is a report card of his visit. I've never felt more comfortable with having my dog in someone else's hands. I highly recommend Little Friends Pet Sitting as it was one of the best decisions I have ever made!!
5	When I first moved to Charlotte I had a horrible experience with my first pet sitter. I finally found one I liked in Ballantyne and when I moved to Steele Creek found out they didn't service the area. I was so afraid of picking one that was terrible again so I went on YELP and did some research. I ended up going with Little Friends Pet Sitting and I am very happy with this choice! I received a text after each visit and a summary sheet when I got home. I even had a neighbor compliment to me about my pet sitter on how well she did with my dog who is quite large and not the best walker. Very thankful since I travel a lot for work that I found a reliable company.
5	I use their "Mid-Day Dog Walk" service fairly often, and I have had nothing but great experiences. My sitter has always been Margaret. She is trustworthy, reliable, and almost always sends a picture of my pup at the end of their visit. Highly recommended!
5	Little Friends Pet Sitting has far exceeded my expectations.  When Bailey did not make a good connection with the first pet walker that came out, Beth immediately took on the challenge.  Bailey warmed up to Beth immediately and is excited for Beth to come again.  Beth called me, texted me, and left a detailed report so I know Bailey was in good hands.  This is a service I will definitely be using a lot.
4	I am a fan! Kenzie does an excellent job taking care of my little girl and it is very helpful for a busy working mom to know I can depend on her weekly for help! If anyone needs help with a pet (or other chores) at home, Little Friends Pet Sitting is dependable!
5	Little Friends Pet Sitting is the best thing we have ever done for our dogs!  We use their service when we go out of town and we are just thrilled with it!  Our dogs love Jan and Kevin just as much as we do!  I love that they leave logs for us, text, and send us pictures of the dogs.  In the past, we have left our dogs at a kennel.  We did not have a good experience and it was always a struggle to find someone to watch our dogs while we were out of town...until we found Little Friends! We will continue to use Little Friends Pet Sitting and I highly recommend them!
5	Was looking for a dog sitter a few days before being out of town for a long weekend and Little Friends worked out perfectly. Got everything setup online, had the sitter come over to meet the dogs , and all was set in the matter of a couple days. Received updates for each visit while gone and felt comfortable with the service. Would recommend.
5	This was my first experience with an in home pet sitting service. I will definitely be using them again. Andrea was amazing and sent me pictures the entire time I was gone. My dog usually skips a meal or two when she's boarded or with a friend. This time, she ate the entire time. Leaving and coming back was an easy transition. The free in home consultation was great. I got to point out all the intricacies. I was impressed with Andrea having already reviewed our profile. She followed along with the home tour like she'd already been there and even asked questions I forgot to specify. Definitely will be using for my trips out of town and even just day visits, if needed.
5	I just recently moved to Charlotte and was a little nervous about finding a new pet sitter to look after my cats when I travel.  I found Little Friends online,  gave them a call, and they could not have been nicer and more reassuring.  The initial set up online takes a few minutes but allows you to book your pet sitting visits very easily once your account is set up.  I really liked my sitter, Elaine.  She checked on my cats several times while I was out of town.  In addition to cleaning the litter box, feeding, and watering the cats as I expected, she also took out the garbage for me and brought in my mail.  After each visit, I got a text message telling me she had been by and everything was good.  Overall, best pet sitter I have ever used.  I will definitely be using Little Friends agains!
5	I recently used Little Friends for my beach vacation and am using them again for a few upcoming business trips.  It was great knowing that Teri was just around the corner from me so it felt like having a friend check on my Olive but w/out the guilty feeling when having to ask a friend for a favor.  The in person first meeting was great, because I could show Teri around my house and all the things that she may need to know *just in case* and she took notes, which I really appreciated.  Plus it also gave her a chance to meet my Olive, since it was highly likely Olive would be hiding when Teri came to check on her.  I really appreciated the text message check ins, because even though you 'know' they are suppose to be coming by, just having that text message gives you the security/comfort of knowing your fur-child is being looked after.  Then when I got home, it was nice to get the report card of activities and reading how Teri tried to play with Olive.  I appreciated she even tried knowing how shy Olive can be w/ strangers!!  I also really appreciated it when I had to return home early from my vacation  due to Hurricane Arthur and I was able to call Teri since I just had her number in my phone at the time (called from the car) and Teri called the office for me to cancel the rest of the visits I had scheduled.  So when my next business trip came up, I didn't hesitate at all to go back to Little Friends and am so glad that Teri will be visiting my Olive again, since she's now familiar everything.  Definitely recommend them for their promptness to respond to requests, their automated/self service website (really like this, makes it soo easy to book!), and their customer service with text messages (or emails for my upcoming int'l trip) and written report card upon return.  Thank you!
5	I've just moved to the Charlotte area with my cat Henry, and have in the past relied on friends and family to stay with him while I'm traveling.  Henry has recently had some health issues and gets stressed out when I'm not around; so to say that I was a little worried to leave him for a week is an understatement.  I searched online and scoured the reviews of different pet-sitting services in the area.  When I found Little Friends, the glowing reviews had me signing up.  I so appreciate the ease of the online sign-up and scheduling, and was contacted almost immediately to set up our initial "meet and greet" meeting.  Pet-sitter Michael came to the house at a convenient time for me, and met Henry and got acquainted with everything.  He was friendly and professional, and his obvious love for his cat, assured me that he'd take great care of mine.  While I was away, I received great texts and a great "report card" detailing each day, and I came home to a happy and healthy cat!  Thanks so much to Michael and to Little Friends Pet Sitting.  I will absolutely be scheduling with you all again!
5	I have been very pleased so far with Little Friends. My dog Bartley gets a lunchtime potty break 3 times a week with Mark. Mark has been great with providing updates and reports about Bartley's walk. It feels good to know that while I am at work my baby gets to get some energy out! Thanks!!
5	I have used Little Friends Pet Sitting a handful of times now and I have never been happier. My sitter takes great care of my dog, keeps me updated during her visits, and is flexible in coming at specific times when asked. I will definitely continue using their services.
5	I recently moved to the area and needed a dog walker for long work days. Little Friends provided the flexibility with appointments and scheduling that I like on their website. The interview with my walker Michelle went very well and I feel confident about her services. I don't need to worry about my dog while I'm busy at work,  I know he's well taken care of. The text message follow up and written reports are nice. It would be good if they sent a picture message of my dog as my previous walker in my old town did that and it was a nice touch.
5	I used little friends pet sitting for my two cats while I was away for the week. They were well taken care of and I loved receiving the texts daily about how they were doing. I came home to find everything the way that I would have expected and to two happy cats. I will continue to use their cat sitting services in the future because I know that I don't have to worry about whether or not my animals are in good hands
1	I never expected to watch my dog walker shake my dog violently in his crate on camera. After adopting our pup this spring, we hired Little Friends to walk him while we were at work. Our pup had some trouble adjusting to his new home, so I set up a small camera to check on him while were out and gave our walker a heads up about it. After 3 weeks of adorable report cards and texts from our walker, I noticed our pup was scared of him, despite reports of "bonding" on their walks. When my pup wouldn't leave his crate one day for fear of the walker, the walker picked up the crate (with our pup inside) and shook it hard. Very hard. Unfortunately, this could happen with any dog walking service. I judge Little Friends most for their terrible handling of the situation. I had to fight them to get them to believe me (hello, it's on camera!), apologize, and refund our money. In fact, the manager called me several times to defend the dog walker. Really? Seriously? In the end, the owner never contacted me to ask what had happened or apologize. Eventually, the manager refunded our money for the entirety of our time as clients and I was left wondering what had happened to our sweet pup during the 3 weeks they were supposed to be caring for him. And yes, the manager told me to take my business elsewhere. We've done so gladly.BTW, Little Friends gives a discount to customers who give positive reviews on Yelp.
5	WOW...is really all I can say. They took the very best care of Crush Jackson. They made my 6mon stay in Charlotte so amazing that I could work hard knowing my pup was very well cared for. So attentive, supportive and helpful in a last minuet situation. The staff amazing and every sitter I and Cush Jackson love. Would take them every place we go if we could and can't wait to be back in Charlotte to use them again. THE VERY BEST PET SIT EVER!!!!!!
5	Used them after I relocated to the area and knew no one. I was traveling for a week for work and the 2 ladies, Bree and Megan(?), were great. Text message pics and messages each visit and report cards to read when I returned home. I will be using this service every time i travel from now on. And you schedule online once you've set up an account! That is a huge plus for me with my crazy schedule. They keep your keys and store your payment option so once you do the initial set up, you are good to go! And the cats LOVED the ladies. All but 1 cat came out to be loved and the dog was ecstatic to make new friends - like a dog.
5	I've been using Little Friends Pet Sitting for the past year, and they are AMAZING. Super flexible (since I'm a procrastinator) and priced appropriately. Shout out to my pet sitters Mackenzie and Sam - two top notch pet sitters. Ask for them. What makes the difference: Once you schedule an appointment online or on the phone, Little Friends Pet Sitting contacts you to schedule a "meet and greet" consultation, where your chosen sitter will meet your pets, and you as the owner have the change to give him/her all the details about where your pet likes to be walked, where the food is, etc. This really helped my two dogs transition - and it makes it 1000x more personable. While you are away on your vacation, the sitter will send text messages and pictures of your pets as they are visited. Additionally, the sitter will complete a "report card" full of notes on when your pet pooped, when your pet was feed, when your pet was walked, etc.Now let me mention, Little Friends Pet Sitting does a lot more than "pet sitting", they offer a whole of ancillary services such as watering plants, etc while they are over at your house. Makes it super convenient when you go on a long vacation!!! :)
5	I can't rave enough about Little friends. While visiting the west coast last week I found out that my dog sitter canceled on me (yeah no prior heads up) so I took to google and found Little friends... They were SOOO helpful and understood my worries and fears of my dogs being abandoned. With in 5 minutes of me calling them and letting them know what happened they called me back and told me they had Erika T who could go out and take care of them ... With in the hour it seemed she was there. Now i won't lie ... I was a little worried because I had never met her but i can't say anything bad ... she was amazing!! She sent me pictures and texts and even left me a note on how they were! It truly made me able to enjoy the rest of my trip knowing they were in good hands.
