5	The hottest new restaurant/lounge on the entire East Coast! Very classy and upscale but not stuffy. The chef is OUTSTANDING and the atmosphere is electric! If you are visiting Pittsburgh, you MUST stop in! Reservations are HIGHLY recommended!
1	When I first heard about the opening Savoy I was excited to enjoy a new fine dining venue in the city.  The excitement quickly faded as my friend and I arrived.  To start, they had a tacky red carpet outside without a single person in line to get in.  Some people may not enjoy a wait to get into a restaurant, but I take that as a sign of a happening place that I want to try, especially on an opening night.  Second, they had an advertisement wall with the name of the restaurant plastered all over it, supposedly you could get your picture taken there, but this is not NYC and there are not paparazzi swarming to take your picture to show up on page six, or even a well known Pittsburgh magazine for that matter.  What are you going to do ask the 300lb bouncer to take your picture? C'mon! This red carpet will soon be in the used and abused section of a thrift store because I do not see this concept lasting too much longer, and as for the advertisement wall...cut into mini advertisements that people place under windshield wipers of cars at strip clubs. I am still keeping an open mind about Savoy at this point.  This is then shaken again as we walk into the main bar/dining area.  The lighting is all off! I am sorry, but no one fashions well in lime green and yellow hue.  This bringing me to my next disappointment, the overall crowd and atmosphere could be described as "classy" urban.  Now don't get me wrong, there is nothing I love more than a well dressed African American, there is just a certain swagger that is exhibited.  The crowd definitely missed the target on this one! It was like there was a sale at Men's Warehouse and everyone got a suit and forgot to get it tailored.  The women I can't even get into there was so much wrong with it, but last I checked a pleather uni-color suit were out!  Finally the menu, well I hope you brought some cash ladies and gentlemen! We started at the bar with two Johnny Walker Blacks on the rocks.  The bartender was not knowledgeable at all with her scotch or how to prepare it.  First off, she had no clue what we were asking for and held up a bottle of Hennessey and asked if this is what I wanted.  What part about Johnny Walker did you not get? Finally, we get what we ordered, but piled with ice...not how to serve scotch.  Now, between my friend and I, we have dined at some actual classy establishments across the country and never paid $48.00 for two Johnny Walkers! Good luck staying in business with these prices!   Out of disgust and curiosity we choose to just look at the menu.  We should have known that it would be nothing but overpriced, mediocre, bland food that lacks anything signature to the restaurant.  I respect soul food and enjoy it very much on the occasion, but fried chicken does not pair well with this "classy" atmosphere that is trying to be exhibited.  I will never return to this place, nor will I recommend it to anyone, unless you are looking to spend bill, arrive in a rented Cadillac Escalade and rock your 100$ suit for the evening paired with your "Gucci" glasses.
4	Prior to visiting the Savoy I had reservations because of some of the earlier reviews.  I went to celebrate a friend's birthday even though the reviews caused me to be concerned.  I ended up spending 3 hrs there and I could not believe how quickly the time passed.  Here are the things I liked:- Personable and attentive waiters- Chef checked in at each table multiple times- The food was very good.  I had the chicken and waffles.- Free valet parking- Security presence- The decor was very niceDislikes- There is still a certain rough edge to the place as they are still working out the details.  I was told they had really only been open to the public for three days- The filtered water is passable but only my last glass was cool.  The previous bottles were all room temperature- The red lighting was not to my tasteBy the time I was leaving the night time crowd had started to drift in.  About 8:30 the music volume went up making it tougher to talk but I was ok with that part of the experience.  I did get a chance to check out the upstairs.  There is seating with flat panels on the wall, a patio out back and two bars.  Quite a crowd was forming with at least one lady so deep in the sauce she probably will not remember this night.What really took me from 3.5 stars to 4 stars was the actions of the general manager.  We had an incident with some pastries.  He came over and met the issue head on.  He apologized appropriately and took steps to make the issue right.  I would definitely visit again.
4	The atmosphere is engaging, fun, and perfect for small parties. Had trio of crab cakes, frisee salad, and vegetable strudel. Loved it. Others had chicken and waffles. I quote "The waffles r bangin!". We had a party of 6,and everybody got a different dessert.  They were all incredible.  Great evening for the price. Portions are chic.  A spot for grown-up professionals to celebrate special occasions or network.
5	Make sure you call your reservations 24hrs in advance because this is definitely NOT your typical Pittsburgh dining experience! The food is excellent (mind you the portions and prices are on par with any other fine restaurant in the area.  If you're looking for massive portions at a cheap price go to Olive Garden or something), the staff is absolutely delightful- both helpful and friendly,  the chef comes out several times to check on your meal (hats off to you for that), the atmosphere is delightful filled with WELL dressed people who are happy to be out and enjoying the night.  There is free valet (a plus as I am used to paying for parking). Definitely a place to spend an entire evening- from the restaurant downstairs to the lounge and outdoor patio upstairs.  Great food, great people, and superb staff, what more can I ask for??? I HIGHLY recommend*PS- The crab cakes are incredible!
5	I was with a group who was invited to sample the food.  I had a few appetizers, entrees, and deserts.  All dishes were extremely well made.The chef was at our table quite a bit and he talked to us about how he wanted the food to be like.  He wants to combine all kinds of flavors into a dish instead of just filling it up with garlic.  Some dishes were made to be nostalgic but with a twist.I can tell he does this when I was eating.  One dish was a salad with goat cheese and watermelon.  There were so many flavors to choose from to eat.  It all worked well together.My favorite dish was the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was perfect.  The outer had a nice crunch.  The inner was soft and juicy.  The waffles were amazing.  I don't normally like waffles but this one had a nice sweet taste to it.  I loved it.I also got a chance to speak with the owner.  He talked about how Pittsburgh is changing and segregated.  He ask what happens to the days when everyone of all nationality just get together and have fun.  So he wanted Savoy to be comfortable for everyone.I agree Savoy is comfortable.  Everyone there is super nice.  There is a dress code.  You don't have to be super dressed up.  Just look nice.  Sometimes it's nice to NOT see people with sagging pants and butt cracks.The lounge upstairs can be used for parties.  The patio is nice to hang out on a nice day.  There is a basement that can be reserved for small parties.Fun fact, the designer of the place is from Penn Hill.Overall, I love this place.  The food is good, the atmosphere is welcoming, and the people and service are super nice.  The chef is a real good guy.  This isn't your Eatn Park.  Don't come here if you want to spend $10 to feed a family mediocre food.
4	My wife and I had dinner last night at savoy. I called for a reservation on Wednesday but was told I 9 pm was the best they could do for Saturday night, but the girl said let me take your number and give us 24 hrs maybe something will come up. 20 mins later amber called and good news they had room. We valet parked, a nice touch, we were sat immediatley. Service was quick and attentive. Water was poured from a chilled capped water bottle, again a nice touch, chef Kevin stopped at our table before we ordered to review the menu. We ordered drinks first, a dirty martini with blue cheese olives and my wife had a vodka mixer. My wife started with a salad, very light zesty dressing, very fresh veggies.For an entree my wife ordered the crab cakes and I ordered the beef two ways. Our meals arrived in good time. My wife enjoyed her meal, my brisket was a little tough when I cut into the meat and when chef Kevin saw this he immediately insisted he make a new piece. Chef Kevin was able to bring out a new piece in a very short amount of time. Our dessert was the peppermint patty, a small tasty dark chocolate cake with soft icing and peppermint stripe and a sauce on the side with chunks of chocolate. Just the right size for my wife and I to split. After dinner we went up stairs to sit on the outdoor deck and catch some of the pirate game. All in all an excellent experience. The portions are small which think is perfect. Quality over quanitiy. The restaurant has a great positive vibe as soon as you walk in. The music fits the decor. Yes the music Is a little loud and people occasionally get a little loud but it s bearable. I hope Pittsburgh supports the investment here, it certainly was a risk and they did make a huge investment.We will go back some day.
1	This place is pretentious and everyone in this place has an unmerited sense of self-satisfaction. They are prejudice, rude, and discriminatory. I would rate this place a zero if I could. This was one of the worst dining experiences of my life.
2	I had dinner at the Savoy restaurant on 8/12/2011.... The place is beautiful but the food leaves something to be desired if u are going to charge those prices get the kitchen up to par... My meal was shrimp and cheese grits...ugh!! Maybe if the chef did less socializing in the dining room and put more focus on the food!!! To bad because the place is nice... I give it 6 months!!
3	One word--OVERRATED! Decor is beautiful, modern, upscale. Im from Pittsburgh but have lived out of town for 11 years. I have heard about this Savoy place from different people so i thought id give it a try when i came in town. I went for happy hour with my mom, my aunt and my brother. We ordered tons of appetizers and not one impressed us. The food lacked flavor and i would have been upset had i paid full price for any of them. We had chicken and shrimp satay, fried shrimp and calamari, chicken quesadillas, tilapia tacos, and fried chicken with general tsos dipping sauce. The chicken satay supposedly won a competition for best appetizer in the city of Pittsburgh but i would have to disagree as it was not award worthy food to me. I laugh reading others post about the dress code...well yhey they have obviously let up in that area because everyone wasnt dressed classy in that place but they should because we stayed until 8pm on a Friday nighy and their dining room was pretty empty so they could use all the business they could get. My friend wants to take me there for dinner on Sunday but im not so sure if i want to actually eat dinner there. I mean apps are the easiest thing to make and if you cant even make good appetizers then im going to be skeptical of your actual entrees. Wilk follow up if i actually decide to eat there. There are so many other great places to eat in the city.
5	My girlfriend and I went here for the first time on Saturday night and it couldn't have been better. The service was quick and very nice, probably the best service we've ever had in Pittsburgh.
1	Never in my life have I been treated so rudely. I visited the upstairs club section of Savoy on a Saturday night with a large group of friends. Upon going downstairs to use the restroom, I was prohibited from going back upstairs with no reason or justification. Upon calmly questioning several members of the management team, I was treated EXTREMELY rudely and virtually dismissed by the owner, who cited he did not need my business. Savoy has a nice atmosphere, but the customer service is seriously lacking. I'd prefer to spend my money at a place where my business is appreciated.
4	I came here for a party a few weeks ago so I can't rate this place as a restaurant. It's a very upscale joint. Bartenders did a good job of quick service. Typically expensif drinks bottle service once specials were over; just about what one would expect.The decor is modern. Large screens placed through the upstairs lounge. The DJ played some really great hip hop sets; really loved the music. I especially liked the upstairs outdoor patio area. Very cool place to hold a party!
4	Went here the other night (on a Thursday) because we purchased a Groupon. We had no idea what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was fun, the owner Chuck was on the floor, along with the head chef (which he introduced himself).The food/drinks were good portions (we had an appetizer along with our entrees, both good), service was great from the hostess, runners all the way to our waiter. The decor is modern and is an overall warm.comforting place. This is not on my top 10, as we were mainly going to this because of the Groupon BUT would definitely recommend it and would eventually see myself coming here again.
2	All I can say is thank goodness we used a Groupon! I would not have been happy if we paid full price.They have very few openings for reservations and on the phone they remind you there's a dress code. My husband and I went to the meal quite excited we were in for a great date only to end up practically yelling at each other so we could have a conversation over the Steelers game. I'm sorry, are you a high end restaurant or a sports bar? Even sports bars don't play the games that loud. Wait Staff: excellentThe attitude: pretentious for no clear reaso n. The decor:  modern and was nice, but they kept adjusting the lighting from ridiculously bright to intimate and dark. Food: decent - 3.5 to 4 stars, but most definitely not worth the 30-something dollar price tag. I love high end food and have no problem spending that on good food, but this was worth 20 something at best for the quality of the ingredients.Overall Impression: It would have gotten 3, maybe even 4 stars if the food was priced better and the game wasn't blasting. If you enforce a fancy dress code and act incredibly exclusive, having the game raging in the background with lights turned up does not work. I understand I'm in Steeler country, but you've got to be kidding me.
3	In sum, the food was okay. Sadly, the food is mediocre in comparison to the pricing. We made reservations, arrived about 15 minutes early. We were told to sit at the bar and wait until the hostess seated us. Well, that is somewhat unreasonable I thought. We are early- however, other fine dinning establishments have seated us when we arrived early or late for the matter. Let me be clear, perhaps I would not have even mentioned our brief stent in musical chairs had not the hostess forgotten about us. When the time was 10 minutes AFTER our reservation, with multiple tables open (even when we arrived 15 minutes early), one is not that eager at this point to try the food. For the record, I enjoy mojitos. I was excited to try the blueberry mojito on their drink menu. However, the blueberries (being fresh and out of season) were bitter and one can taste it in the drink. Perhaps the mistake was mine choosing to risk it. Or also theirs for even offering it in the winter.I will confess, the calamari was absolutely to die for! Lightly breaded, perfectly seasoned, and cooked to perfection. I'm a die hard calamari fan. No greater compliment can I offer. My husband's appetizer was the mushroom tart. Eh, I was not so impressed. The pastry was not flaky nor light. The mushrooms were drowning in gravy. In the dishes defense, my husband enjoyed it. However, he also enjoys Giant Eagle sausage. Whose palate do you trust more? The choice is yours.My entree left me wanting more. Not more of my entree but a properly prepared version of it. I ordered the lamb chops with spinach risotto. I nearly sobbed when I tasted my risotto. It was overcooked and under-seasoned. I took a few bites and hung the proverbial white flag. The lamb chops looked sobbingly. One could see gobs of mustard, and breading thrown about together. The taste was worse than the appearance. To the chef's credit, they were perfectly cooked. I struggle to find anything else positive to say about the entire dish.My husband was equally unimpressed with his entree. He ordered the beef two-ways. I tasted his brisket and thought it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. However, the pot roast serving size was miniscule. I thought the dish was missing that extra something that would qualify the expensive price tag.In Savoy's defense, I may not have critiqued this restaurant so harshly if the employees had not spoken so highly of the food before we eat it. Everyone from the bartender, waiter, and bus-man raved about how amazing their food is and that we would keep coming back. Although I applaud their loyalty the food was not the land of milk and honey they promised. If your staff sings psalms of how godly your food is- you better deliver. I have no problem paying for a fine dinning experience. However, this was not that type of experience. In this case, the food was far from what I anticipated and was promised. It left me wanting something more.
2	This is another one of those: "where to start?" reviews...From the beginning.My husband and I had reservations for a Friday evening.  The restaurant was kind enough to call the day before and remind us of our reservation as well as let us know that there is a dress code.  Friday comes along and we are both VERY excited for our date night and to try a new place -- especially one that looks as nice as Savoy.  We got dressed -- me in a casual dress, him in slacks and a sweater, and we headed down to the Strip.  Now I understand that this is the Strip, but the parking situation was horrendous.  To make matters worse, where there could have been 5 or 6 parking spots in front of the restaurant, they were setting up valet parking so those were automatically out.  After driving around for a few minutes we found a spot about 2 blocks away and hoofed it to the restaurant.  I'm not deducting "points" because of the parking situation, but just want other people to know that it was a bit inconvenient.As we approached the front of the restaurant I noticed that there was a large group of people standing outside, a couple of "bouncer" type looking guys and a camera crew.  They didn't move aside when we approached so we had to kind of weave/skirt around them to get to the door.  It was very weird.  I felt a little like we were walking through paparazzi to get inside of the restaurant.Inside the restaurant we went to the hostess stand and let them know we had reservations.  They took our coats (which was quite nice) and told us it would be a few minutes for our table to be ready and that we could wait at the bar if we wanted.  Which would have been okay had there been a spot at the bar.  The bar/lounge area was PACKED and VERY noisy.  After a while, a couple moved from the bar and we squeezed into their place so we could order a drink.  I had a diet coke and hubby had a beer -- they only have bottles, no drafts.  The drinks were overpriced IMO, my diet coke was over $2 and DH's beer (a domestic) was $6 or 7.  After about 15 minutes we were seated.  We had to pay the bar tab separately, and could not combine it with our dinner.  (An inconvenience, but minor.)  I had hoped there would be a separate dining area away from the bar, but no, our table was RIGHT NEXT TO IT.  So all of the nosiness from the bar was in no way buffered from the dining area.  I literally could barely hear him talking to me.The waitstaff was quick and friendly.  They brought us water and bread with flavored oil and took our drink orders.  I asked them to refill my diet coke and I was surprised when we got our bill to find out that I was charged AGAIN for my drink.  This seems like a bit of a ripoff.We went ahead and ordered: we had the mini sliders for our appetizer and then my husband order chicken and waffles for his entree and I had the steak two ways.  The sliders came fairly quickly and were warm but a bit flavorless.  I couldn't put my fingers on what they were missing, but they could have been MUCH better.It took longer than I would have expected for our dinner to arrive.  When DH got down to the chicken and waffles he seemed unimpressed.  He actually told me the SYRUP was the best thing on the plate.  I've seen this man put away chicken and waffles.  He only ate about half of what they gave him and didn't ask for the leftovers to be boxed.My beef two ways was... interesting.  I was really excited to try the sous-vide beef!  It tasted (and had the consistency) of pot roast.  It wasn't bad... it just wasn't good.  The grilled beef was quite tasty and the garnishes on the plate were good, too.  I had also ordered a side of mashed potatoes and they tasted like they were about three days old and reheated in a microwave -- and poorly at that -- they were cold and lumpy.We looked at the dessert menu, but having been so uninspired by the rest of the meal we decided to cut our losses.  We tipped generously -- the servers were friendly and attentive -- but that is about all I can say that is positive about this place.  We won't be returning.
4	I went to this restaurant not too long with a dining partner. We got there at 8 PM on a Thursday night and the restaurant was fairly empty but as the night went on it started to fill up. The decor is very aesthetically pleasing and the whole restaurant much brighter than you would think from the outside. The feel inside was much like that of a trendy Vegas restaurant with dance music playing loud enough to drown out background noises but not so loud as to not be able to hear your waiter/waitress or others at your table.We started off with the calamari and shrimp appetizer. The appetizer was quite large and came with a side of a flavored horseradish sauce. The breading on the shrimp and calamari was good and the shrimp reasonably sized. My only complaint with it being that the larger calamari were actually cooked too long and were a bit burnt making them very rubbery. Otherwise it was a solid appetizer. Dinner for me was the butter poached lobster and scallops with papperdale pasta. The dish appeared deceivingly small whenever it came but actually contained quite a bit of food. The pasta was fresh and the cream sauce rich. There was also a lot of lobster in the dish with at least both claws, the tail and some other sizable pieces. Overall it had a good flavor. My dining partner ordered the crab cakes and the two crab cakes that came out were large and displayed beautifully. I took a taste of one and it had great flavor with enough citrus to make it delightful. With all of the food that we ate for dinner, we ended up being too stuffed for dessert which was a shame since they had a few items that sounded good.The bottom line for me is that the food was good although pricey, but you get what you paid for. Overall it was a pleasant experience and I am happy that I tried Savoy but I do not think that I would go back as there are better restaurants in Pittsburgh with a better price point.
4	This chic new restaurant has an ambience that is more southern California than Pittsburgh.  It's nice to see something new and trendy here.  The interiors and lighting are fun and funky . The menu is creative and eclectic with a few menu items leaning toward Southern cuisine.  We ordered the chicken satay appetizers, the roasted vegetable salad, chicken and waffles and Beemster cheese grits.  Everything we sampled was delicious.  The chef came out not once, but twice to make sure we were enjoying all that he had prepared and available to answer any questions we had.  The service from the entire staff was over the top with lots  of people around to refill our water glasses, bring us bread, clear off used dishes and offer up additional drinks from the bar.  After dinner, we walked upstairs to the club which had an energetic vibe and totally different than the feeling of the restaurant.  We'd go back again and recommend it to our friends as well!
1	The place looks cool.The workers are all dressed up and fancy.They have a dress code. eek.There seems to be like 15 managers on constant patrol.They tout having an award winning chef as being a reason to come (rightfully so)But when you see the chef walking around the dining room, stop him, stand up from your table to greet him, shake his hand and explain a dietary restriction and blatantly get lied at to your face its aggravating.It goes a little something like this:Hey chef!  hows it going?!  we have a big group don't we?-yeah you do, thanks for coming in tonight.I just wanted to mention that I'm vegan and notice only 2 things on the menu that i can eat (chili, and a hummus appetizer plate) is there anything else you can do back there to get a me a real meal?-yeah sure, i have some nice noodles that i can add some vegetables to and make a nice pasta dish.ok, wow.  Thats fantastic i would really appreciate it.1 hour laterServer tells me that my custom order isnt going to happen that i have to choose off the menu. Well, sweet.  another restaurant that really doesnt care.  Or in this case, an award winning Chef who runs this kitchen that doesnt care.So i choose the hummus plate and eat pita and hummus and olives for dinner.  So unsatisfactory.  I felt disrespected as a customer.  I will not go back.A 1 star review is harsh, but its hard to translate this experience into a quick small review.  I had an overall bad experience.  From the door man barking at me as i walked upstairs to take off my jacket and hat, to being lied to by one of the heads of the restaurant, to the slow service.  I was not struck by this restaurant at all.  I would say to other people to avoid it.  BUT...  if you are in the mood for chicken and waffles this might be the only place in our area that has that.   .eye roll.  it was actually hilarious to see that on the menu.
3	Attended private party here. Really nice atmosphere but extremely loud. Drinks were very strong, food was a bit rich considering how strong the alcohol was, but the food was very good and the chef they wouldn't stop mentioning was worth his salt. Very nice interior, attracts a lot of local celebrities. Really fun night spot over all. Dancing upstairs, again, very loud, very strong drinks not ideal for walking up flights of steps but it was a party. I can't speak to the way the lounge is on a weekday.  Classy dress code, great bottle service if you want to spend the money and/or have a seat as opposed to standing against the wall and holding your drink while watching everyone else enjoy their evening.
4	Savoy has me intrigued, its different from other places I've been to in Pittsburgh and I like that!  I will say I was sorely disappointed in the food - it was mediocre at best.  My friend and I met at Savoy for happy hour and I got the pear martini and cucumber melon martini - both were fantastic.  My friend got the cotton candy martini which I got to try and assuming that it would be ridiculously, stomach turning sweet, I even winced before taking a sip, Well slap me in the face!  It wasn't overly sweet, it was perfectly balanced while still tasting like cotton candy. We ordered some appetizers including the sliders (medium well) that came with "Savoy" fries and the shrimp satay.  The sliders were chewy, dry, and bland...maybe it was b/c we wanted them cooked medium well, but I've had burgers requested this way without being so dry and bland.  The "Savoy" fries were regular old fries with a bit of salt and rosemary...you could hardly taste the seasoning...say hello to ketchup.The shrimp was cooked well (not rubbery) but the peanut sauce left me thinking that there's something missing...could it be salt, maybe some spice...I'm not exactly sure, but it's like someone opened a jar of Jif peanut butter extra creamy style, melted it and served it with the shrimp.  My understanding was the peanut "sauce" is more than just melted peanut butter.  I would go back again for the drinks and ambiance, I'd be curious to see how it was later in the evening since we were just there for happy hour.  Oh amost forgot - the staff was very friendly when we were there.
5	I am not sure where to begin. After reading many reviews prior to our visit, I must say there was some trepidation as to what our evening was going to be like. Many said service was slow, or poor & that it was a pretentious, stuffy & overpriced restaurant. I am truly dumbfounded as to how anyone could feel this way. I can truly & honestly say this was one of the "BEST" dining & most memorable restaurant experiences we have ever had. I know I have not traveled as often & as diversely as some foodies or other reviewers. I have however searched high & low for culinary uniqueness in places such as, France, Austria, Ireland, Mexico, San Francisco, New York, Boston, & New Orleans just to name a few.  What Savoy offers in culinary & cultural diversity is unfounded in many of the above mentioned places I have been including Pittsburgh. However what made our evening so special & why you should go to Savoy is the people. It has been said "You can easily judge the character of a man(or woman) by how he treats those who can do nothing for him". Savoy & its staff that served us are the epitome of that. Specifically our waitress (Carly), manager (Tom) & the executive chef Mr. Kevin Watson are truly awesome people that enjoy serving others. Very few times if ever have I left a restaurant feeling as we did, connected to or a genuine bond of friendship formed with someone whom we never met previously. Why you might ask, it really all started with Carly our awesome waitress. After ordering our first bottle of wine Carly admitted that she was fairly new to the restaurant. As she was attempting to uncork our first bottle of wine it was giving her a difficult time. Now instead of creating an uncomfortable moment as many customers may have felt Carly's charming personality allowed us to begin our unforgettable evening of laughter & fun. So much so, that Tom the manager & Kevin the chef stopped to see why our table was having such a good time. Now in most restaurants of this stature having the manager & chef stop briefly to inquire of how the meal or service was is fairly standard. But that is where Savoy is different. Not only did they stop once, but the chef Kevin sat with our table for at least 10-15 minutes and engaged not in small talk but as if a friend that you have known for many years. Then he proceeded to the kitchen & returned with a tray of delightful salted caramels for us to enjoy. (Not on the menu might I add) After this he then gave us a tour of the private room downstairs, the lounge area upstairs & the balcony outside. Along the way stopping & introducing us to others including Mr. Bettis (Jerome's brother) as if he had known us for years or as if we were VIP's. So in summary, although we primarily visited Savoy because we purchased a GroupOn, the food was incredible (Tilapia Tacos, Lamb Chops :), Stuffed Salmon etc..), and wine Wednesday was great ($20 bottles), but would "STRONGLY" recommend this restaurant & return ourselves because of the people. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Fun place for dinner and drinks
5	Sunday brunch is amazing! Delicious and vegetarian friendly and great service. Def do the chef's buffet with omelette bar. A bonus: the Chef and the owner greeted everyone, and the owner brought his family for brunch too.
3	You are greeted at the door by a gentleman who takes you to the hostesses. - Giving you that feeling, "I've arrived." Feeling like I just arrived, we had a small wait for our table; even with a reservation. However, Savoy has a lovely sitting area to talk with friends before dining.The staff are amazing. Excellent customer service. You go to the bathroom, they fold your napkin. Your water is empty, they pour it. - if you go to pour it yourself, they will apologize.What we didn't like is we experienced a three hour meal. There's a loll between courses, and unacceptable for fine dining.The food was good. Some better than others. There were six of us, and all ordered a different dish so that we may experience a large part of the menu. We found some of the food to be either lukewarm, and very salty. The Filet Mignon was the best choice. It was perfect, and melted in your mouth. Finally, for dessert, our waiter must of had a smoke break out back, because when he served us our sweets, the scent of smoke passed my nose. - not good. Perhaps this was why we had a three hour dinner service. HmmmYou can check out more details and photos at www.GirlLikesToEat.com/savoy/
4	The Sunday Brunch is a definite for any wanting to get out before the game come on. The dining service and wait staff were very professional and courteous. The Red Velvet waffles! O M G...yeah babay you have to try them with the pure maple syrup!
3	Pimped out and fun!  Kudos to the staff who are very attentive and  make you feel very special.  We were greeted promptly and our coats were checked.  Our waiter was superb and helpful, plus we loved his Russian accent, which was charming.  The salad was very good, although I was fairly certain that the Gorgonzola cheese in the salad was not the genuine Gorgonzola from Italy.  There was an unexpected  raspberry sorbet to cleanse the pallet, which was great.  We got the Lobster with Scallops and the Filet Mignon, and both were prepared to perfection.  My mashed potatoes were not very flavorful, but otherwise, everything else was delicious.  For desert we split the Chocolate Cake, which was very creatively prepared and presented.  The music playing was a little too loud for conversation, but it was Earth Wind and Fire, Michael Jackson, and Al Green, all really fun songs.
5	The Bird and I cashed in a Groupon this evening and we are both glad we did. The Savoy rocked!  Everything from the service to the atmosphere to the food!  Our reservations were for 7:30pm and we arrived around 7:15pm.  No problem they sat us immediately.  Our server, Alex, was great all night long.  We started with cocktails of course.  The Bird with her whiskey sour (which was way more whiskey than sour) and I decided to divert from my martini and just went with wine.We shared an appetizer of the Mediterranean Plate which consisted of Pita Chips, Mediterranean Salsa, Grilled Vegetables and Chick Pea Hummus.  More than enough for two people and very good.I ordered a chopped salad and the Bird ordered a side salad.  Again, we both loved them.I was pleased to find lamb chops on the menu (I LOVE lamb chops!)The Bird went with the Butter Poached Lobster & Scallop Pasta Sea Scallops in Fresh Basil Cream Sauce served over Pappardelle PastaIt too was excellent!Seriously though....the services was great!  I will be asking for Alex the next time.  He was a great server.This place is very hip.The only con I would have to say is that the place was noisy.  But in a Vegas kind of way.Can't wait to get back.
3	Managed to dine at Savoy twice in the past year.  Both times presented identical experiences.The entire restaurant reminds me of a Las Vegas production.  From the time you park your car (don't bother with valet when there is a ton of street parking along the strip), you're greeted once by a greeter, then by a hostess, and then at some point by a manager.Mostly a date crowd with clientele ranging from well-to-be businessmen to gents obviously stretching their pocket book to impress their gal.  Overall, it definitely wasn't a crowd I seemed to identify with.Food is decent, except the fiancee got butter poached lobster that definitely didn't sit well with her.  My pork trio was tasty, but definitely nothing special.Service is more or less where Savoy differentiates itself (each server has a business car they provide at the end of the meal).  BUT, the second time we went, where we decided we just wanted entrees and a glass of wine, the waitress was visible disappointing in our soon to be inferior check and consequentially glanced over us for the rest of the night.Overall, probably won't go back, but I can see where this is a favorite of others.
4	So... I tried out Savoy for happy hour and apps this past Friday night and I found it very pleasant. They have tried hard with the decor and an outside roof patio lounge area. Happy hour specials are decent. It is comfortable with plenty of seating.At first I was scared off that the prices would be sky high, because of the atmosphere, they were not. Appetizers started at 6$ drinks at 6$ for happy hour. Fancy martinis can climb to 10$ and up after that though. I tried the trio platter with crab cake arugula salad and fried veggie pasty thing, it was nice. My friend tried the Tilapia fish tacos. The rest of the menu is mostly meat dishes, seafood platters, steaks, and lamb chops. Price climbs but it is not outrageous. It is not a place for vegetarians and vegans, one jerk on yelp gave them a one star review for this. Um if you don't eat a certain kind of food you should probably google their menu before you eat there its common sense. My friend tried the Tilapia fish tacos and liked hers. Drinks and service were fine we had no problems with rude or unfriendly staff, I wish there was music. There was some but it was very quiet. There is only one stall in the bathroom, I don't mind waiting because it is a nice bathroom modern and clean but its worth noting just in case. Also I wish the menu had more variety it was nice but Its like walking into any other big new thing in Pittsburgh and seeing the exact same food over and over again, Can I get a fish taco with maybe a chipotle salmon in it instead of freakin tilapia everywhere I go? But I digress this is a nice place and definitely suffices for a nice night on town. There is also plenty of comfy seating if it is not packed.I have to say if you're from another city with a more diverse viewpoint on life (or you have a life at all) do not read the one star blatant racist reviews of this place on yelp. It's getting old already Pittsburgh give it up its 2013, grow up already. Get off your stupid little hill and accept that there are several types of people in the world doing their own thing and that thing might be new to you but that's not a good reason to put it down and spew your stupidity all over yelp. Sometimes I wish I could thumbs down other peoples reviews. Ok rant over
5	Excellent meal.  Creative drinks.  Very attentive staff.  Too many good sounding entrees to choose from.  Beautiful surroundings.  Highly recommend and I will be back!
4	I held an event at Savoy back in March 2012 and it was a great venue. There was room for a coaching session with many individuals plus room and space for networking afterwards. I found the atmosphere and the decor very pleasing and comfortable. Plus the staff was very accommodating and attentive to the needs of our group. I really appreciated that as the host of the event.We also enjoyed a variety of tasty hors d'oeuvres, sweet desserts and coffee throughout the evening. There was also a cash bar available to those who preferred that option.I have since been here a variety of different times on many occasions and the service and food are always good. It's a very comfortable atmosphere.
2	This place just seemed to be mediocre to me. I just feel that if I am going to pay over $100 for dinner, it should be a memorable dinner.  It just all seemed like something I could have had at a chain restaurant for a 1/4 of the cost.  Nothing really stands out in my head as exceptional, and that's the problem . I would much rather spend my money at Cure, or Meat and Potatoes, both much more amazing and memorable meals!
2	We first discovered Savoy at the Pittsburgh Best Restaurant Party at Heinz Field. We thought they had the best food and dessert that we sampled so we were anxious to dine at the actual restaurant. While the food was very, very good- the experience we had ruined our entire night and therefore will never be back.We were seated right behind the bar and it was SO loud we couldn't even carry on a conversation. As the night went on, the music also seemed to get louder and louder. The service we received was one of the worst we've ever experienced. We were there for 3+ hours. It seemed as if there was only 1 server for 40+ people. We were continually forgotten about. The painfully slow service paired with the out of control patrons at the bar and the loud music felt like torture to have to be there for over 3 hours.If you do decide to visit, request to be seated in the dining room, not in the bar area. As far as the food goes, some dishes are fantastic while others are lacking. The crab cake appetizer was very good, the lobster ravioli was amazing, the filet was bland- the salted caramel torte and raspberry chocolate martini were very good.
3	My husband and I had dinner here last Friday night. Overall, food I would give 3.5, service 4, atmosphere 1.It was just SO LOUD the entire time. This place is more bar than restaurant. I've never been to a nice restaurant where it is appropriate to YELL to your friends. It would be one thing if the bar and restaurant were separate but they are not. Also, the lighting was constantly changing on a loop. Bar area fine, but right at our table? The whole table glowed red, orange, yellow, green, blue, red, orange, yellow...... the ENTIRE time. It got annoying after a little while.When we first arrived we had to wait, which was not a huge problem. It would have been less of a problem if I wasn't 7.5 months pregnant and forced to stand in the doorway while the party crowd spread out in the lounge and bar area. I don't really expect people to move for me just because I'm pregnant, but in this case there was plenty of room - your purse doesn't need its own seat. I don't blame the restaurant for that, though it would have really been nice if one of the hostesses or bartenders could have offered up one of the empty seats. Though to be honest, I didn't really want to jump in the middle of all the yelling.Once we were seated the experience was better. The food was fairly good. We ordered the cheese plate for an appetizer, which was OK. I would recommend some nuts and maybe some pears or other less sweet fruits that would complement the cheeses instead of the blueberries and strawberries which didn't go with the plate. I ordered the Spring Salad, which was excellent. My husband got the gumbo which he really enjoyed. He ordered the dinner special, which was a filet and lobster tail. He said the filet was a little overdone, the lobster was OK - nothing special. I ordered the chocolate raviolis, which were good. They were covered in a thick, rich, cream sauce. Tasted very good, though there was nothing healthy about it! For dessert we split the banana cream pie sundae which was by far the best part of the meal. SO GOOD. Our server was very attentive, constantly filling our water and asking if we needed anything. He didn't seem to be fully knowledgeable about the menu - had to ask about the cheese plate and didn't know how big the filet was - but his service and attentiveness was excellent. He did a good job.When I made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything and I told them that it was our anniversary. They didn't acknowledge that, which was fine, but why ask?I would rate this place higher if they would ditch the looping neon lights and make the dining area quieter so you don't have to yell at the person next to you just to have a conversation. It's definitely not a good place for a romantic date. Maybe I should give this place another shot when I can drink again.
5	So, the Bird and I cashed in another Groupon for The Savoy and have both come to the conclusion that we will not wait for another Groupon before heading back.  In fact, we both declared Savoy as our favorite Pittsburgh restaurant.I had requested our server Alex who waited on us during our first visit and we were glad that our request was met.  We started out with some pre dinner cocktails, me going with the usual Goose and water and the Bird sticking with her favorite, whiskey sour. Both were very tasty meaning you can actually taste the Goose and Makers.We decided to share the fried calamari & shrimp which we are glad we did because the portion was large enough for four.  It was very light and the dipping sauce was excellent!Bird ordered the Spring Salad and I once again went with the Chopped Salad.  Both were very good.  The Bird went with the Veal Meatloaf for her entree and I went with the 12 oz New York Strip (between medium rare and medium).  Both were excellent and I know my next visit I am going with the Veal Meatloaf.  (Just to order something different).We stuffed in the Velvet  Lava Cake for dessert which also was very good. Alex was very attentive the entire meal once again!It was also nice that both the manager and then Chef/Owner Kevin Watson came over to see how things were.  Very cool guys and something you do not see that often.We are looking at our schedule to decide when we will be heading back!
4	As we walk in Savoy for Sunday brunch, I'm immediately struck by the atmosphere and decor. Did I some how just jump through space and time into a swanky Vegas night club? The girls agreed, this place was unusual. Silly us, we forgot to make reservations. No worries as the restaurant was almost empty (more people filed in as we were eating). A few minutes after we were seated, our waitress came over to take our drink order. We casually eyed up the buffet in the back of the room and asked our server what was on it. Fat kids paradise, they should have called it. Bacon, eggs, potatoes, ribs, pepper steak, mac and cheese, lasagna, french toast casserole, grits, dessert and a salad if you were looking for something green. Yep. Who could pass up that spread? I eagerly dug in and tried just about all of it. Our server also brought over their homemade biscuits and cornbread muffins. Delic! My favorite part of the buffet was the buffalo mac and cheese. Creamy, smooth and a hint of spice. All in all, a great ladies brunch. My only criticism is that our server took an extremely long time to bring our drinks (or at least it felt that way as we all tried not to stare at the buffet). She said that the coffee was brewed fresh but then mentioned that she would be out with the decaf when my friend ordered regular. However, service was very good despite that small set back.
5	Last night I hosted a small "bachelorette party" for my sister. Savoy provided a beautiful atmosphere, delicious food, and copious beverages, all served with a smile by their incredibly attentive staff. Planning the party was a breeze. As I live in SF, I had to coordinate with their events planner, Marty, via phone and email. I have never received such top-notch customer service. From start to finish Marty was there to make sure we had a terrific shindig. It was wonderful to not have to worry about any of the preparations, I knew I was in good hands. We held our party in their upstairs lounge which is gorgeous. They have an awesome roof deck, cool lighting fixtures, and salsa dancing on Wednesday nights. The bartenders were fast, polite, and always smiling (such a great change from SF where they always hate you). Also, I'm pretty sure everyone who works there could be a model - a handsome bunch, indeed. Needless to say, we had a blast and the bride absolutely loved it. I definitely recommend Savoy for get-togethers. A+ for sure!
5	We went with very dear friends last night, and found Savoy to be fabulous! We dine out quite often, but it was our first time here. The atmosphere is very chic, intimate and unique. I ordered the butternut squash chocolate raviolis with lobster claw cream sauce, and my husband had the veal meatloaf. They were outstanding! Desserts were perfection as well. The chef came out to make sure we were satisfied with everything, and treated us like old friends. Everyone seemed to take pride in their jobs. I would recommend Savoy to anyone for an incredible dining experience!  A real asset to the 'Burgh dining experience.    Joel and Sue Frye
2	I went to a yelp event here. Maybe I am wrong, but I feel like for a yelp event a restaurant will bring its A game. Apparently,  Savoy doesn't feel the same. The bartenders were quick and friendly, but in the words of Sarah S. "Well, it's alcohol." Drinks... meh, nothing I would ever order again. Food was actually pretty bad. :( Service took an hour to bring salads... we actually got our food out of order.  :( Luckily, yelp people are super fun and cool so it wasn't a complete wash...
4	I went to a Yelp event here and I can't wait to go back. I'm thinking this will be the perfect spot for my 30th birthday extravaganza. I especially enjoyed the pear martini. I'm a sucker for St Germaine, and it was the perfect blend of tart and sweet, but not too sweet.The chef demonstrated how to prepare sous vide meats, which was a fun touch. We were in the lounge event upstairs, which was chic and modern without being pretentious. The live jazz from downstairs was so inviting. I can't wait to go back just for the jazz. All in all, a fantastic night that made me want to come back for more!
3	I went to a Yelp event here and was really looking forward to it but was unfortunately very disappointed.  I've been to many other Yelp events, and usually restaurants like to showcase their best work.  However, at Savoy I felt like they were bringing out their cheapest stuff and there wasn't really enough food to go around for everyone to have a satisfactory amount given the large group there.  It was my first time at Savoy and people told me about the calamari, crab cakes, lobster ravioli, chicken satay, and even the chicken wings.  However, none of that was provided.  We had a plate of hummus and a feta/tomato mix with a giant pile of olives and a small cheese plate with not very exciting cheeses.  There was also a small salad with some fruit, black beans, and feta and an appetizer with melon and a small piece of pork.  However, where was the really high end stuff everyone raves about at Savoy?? We were also given 2 drink tickets but there was only one bartender there (we were up in the lounge) and he seemed like he was in a really bad mood.  I asked him for a menu of their specialty cocktails and he just got annoyed with me and it took awhile to get an explanation that only 2 of those were included with our drink tickets, even though the other cocktails on there were all the same price.  Then when I ordered drinks using the tickets they only came half full which was kind of tacky.  He still had an attitude when I purchased an additional drink with my own money (at least that one was filled up all the way).  And he left the Graham cracker rim off my friend's drink even though it was one she was paying for full price too.  So after being unimpressed with the appetizers up there and still feeling hungry, we decided to go downstairs and take advantage of the great happy hour appetizers we had seen on the menu that looked so awesome (but they wouldn't let us order them upstairs since they were busy with the event).  When we went downstairs we saw the bar area was really full so we asked the waitress if it was possible to be seated and partake in the happy hour appetizers. She went to check with someone and came back and said sure we can seat you, we got permission to do that no problem (we had said we would try to squeeze in at the bar if that was the only way...).  There were like 5 tables free in the back so it didn't seem like an issue.  However, once we sat down and explained the the waiter that we were just ordering appetizers off the happy hour menu he was clearly very angry with this situation.  He was very short with us then started angrily gathering the extra 2 place settings from the table then started throwing the silverware into a storage area just past our table quite loudly.  We tried to wave him back over so we could order but he ignored us.  Then we saw him berating the hostess for sitting us there and we felt really bad.  The hostess came back to try to resolve the situation and offered to see if they would serve us the happy hour appetizers in the lounge upstairs instead.  She walked us upstairs to where the Yelp event was going on but she could see the staff were still very occupied up there and it was really crowded so that was just not possible.  Another woman who worked at Savoy and was helping to manage the Yelp event, Ashley, came to apologize and help us out.  She was really awesome.  She spoke to the restaurant manager, Gary White, and finally he came over to apologize to us and said dinner was on him and sat us back in the dining room.  All we wanted was a place to order some appetizers that we were happy to pay for!  But we were very appreciative of Mr. White's offer and grateful for the opportunity to sample some more of what Savoy has to offer as it was our first time there and we were thinking about taking friends back at another time.Our new waiter was very attentive and friendly.  My friend had the filet which was excellent and cooked perfectly (she ordered it medium).  The lobster ravioli appetizer was also fantastic.  I had the shrimp and grits which had a generous portion of nice sized shrimp and spicy andouille sausage which was very nice, but I was disappointed in the consistency of the grits which was very watery (more like a soup than grits).  I'm from New Orleans and know how shrimp-n-grits should be prepared as I've had it numerous times, and it should be much thicker than that, so that was disappointing, but the flavor was excellent and it was a very satisfying portion.  The live music playing that evening was excellent, but was quite loud for a fine dining experience and made it difficult for my friend and I to have a conversation.  I felt like it would be better to have the music up in the lounge so people downstairs could have a quieter dinner with just the music in the background, as Savoy has the feel (and price tag) of being a very fancy restaurant rather than a more casual bar/music venue.
3	Came here for a yelp event with a friend and we loved it. I would probably come here if I had some money to throw away, but the food was appetizing, the drinks were average, and the atmosphere was great! On a scale of one to ten the food was probably around a 6, where the bites were creative but the execution was a little off. Nonetheless it was a good experience and I may try the other dishes at some point. Maybe.
4	A friend and I dined at the Savoy restaurant in downtown Pittsburgh  on a Sunday afternoon for brunch. The buffet brunch was surprisingly fresh and full including eggs, potatoes, vegetable lasagna, roast turkey with stuffing, grits, bacon, and an omelet station with all the fixings. For desert a petite pumpkin spice cheese cake. It was a very good deal ,although the drinks can get pricey 10.00 for a mimosa, and I will definitely be returning. The price plus the chic atmosphere was enough to guarantee that.
3	I went here during a recent trip to Pittsburgh to watch a fight. It's a restaurant and sports bar, that also serves as a club on weekends. Spacious dining room and large flat screen TVs everywhere. I heard they have a great brunch. Steelers players were there the night I went, so I could tell this is the cities hot spot.
3	I've been to Savoy several times for different occasions. The food is good, but I haven't had anything this far that has blew my mind! I went on a Friday night with a friend for happy hour in the launch upstairs. The mix of people is great! Lots of professionals in nice business attire. The happy hour drinks were OK, a little too weak for my taste though. I migrated to my "go to" vodka cranberries by the end if the night. My friend had wings which he said were good. I had chicken quesadillas... There were cut up pieces of chicken along with some other kind of ground meat... They were good, but I wasn't sure if the ground meat was chicken, beef, pork, or what... The description was definitely "chicken quesadilla." I always end up at Savoy to see if anything will make me love it, but until then...
4	I have been to this restaurant 4 times now so you might say it's one of my favorites. Last night the music was loud but really added to the already  lively atmosphere. We usually have wine both before and during dinner and their wine selections are varied and all are excellent- they need to invest in more glasses though as this is the second time I have been there that the bartender had to search for glasses to serve the wine!Food is perfect, we had the veal meatloaf, very nice flavor, spicy and saucy without being overbearing, and crabcakes which were good but I could detect the cornmeal in the cake- I have had the new york strip there before and that was maybe the best steak I have had outside of the capital grill.Dont miss the chocolate ravioli!
4	The owner Kevin is a rare mix of friendly, humble, brilliant, and hard working.  His dedication to providing his guests with a great experience comes through not just in his table visits, but in every dish that leaves his kitchen.Huge perfectly prepared portions of inventive fare including dishes as eclectic as chocolate, crab, and lobster ravioli and salt rock grilled froi-gras with mignon filet sous-vide are just as delicious and adventurous as they sound.  The staff could not have been more attentive, our server made us feel like we were his only table even though it was busy, he was back to refill our drinks and check up on us every 5-10 minutes.  Savoy is pricey, but their food is excellent and their hospitality is great.  I think you get every penny of your money's worth, and I'd gladly try anything Chef Kevin dreams up!
4	Ate here last night for a work function. Food was excellent, service was great. My wife and I enjoyed the experience. Restaurant is very nice inside. And we hope to be back again, just the 2 of us.
5	I've been dining here for 3 years and I have never been disappointed. Brunch is affordable and delicious. The french toast casserole is my favorite. The mimosas are over priced. Dinner is great for a date or ladies night out. The staff is friendly and the restaurant is spotless. This time I had filet mignon and it was a great choice. They have deals on Groupon every once in a while. I'm not a fan of the lounge only because of the crowd. The atmosphere is great but the people are acting like they're something they're not.
5	This was my 2nd visit to Savoy.  Went here on a Groupon.  Simply amazing place with delicious food.  I really appreciate how the owner was able to renovate an old building in the Strip District into this beautiful restaurant and club lounge.The menu is definitely a little pricey, but it's really worth it in my opinion, especially for special occasions and date nights.  If money wasn't an issue I would eat here at least once a month.ENVIRONMENT:I'm a sucker for restaurants with modern atmospheres and Savoy doesn't disappoint in this regard.  As soon as you walk in, the vibe is just awesome.  The mood lighting is just right too.  A live jazz band was playing on the main floor which added to this.  However, we eventually were seated downstairs in what they call the "Owner's Room", which is a small room with about 6 tables in it and a flat screen TV.  This came off a little cheesy to me and I felt a bit separated from the rest of the patrons, but this is just a personal peeve of mine.  For the full Savoy experience, I recommend asking to be seated on the "main" floor and not in the basement.FOOD:As for the food, I ordered the Lamb chops, which at $38 is the most expensive entree on the menu.  But I had a Groupon that allowed me to order whatever I wanted, so why not? :-)  The size of the chops are very generous and they are served over risotto.  It was unbelievably delicious!For dessert, my wife and I had "salted caramel chocolate cake with banana ice cream".  I hope I wrote that correctly.  It was amazing and they give you such a generous amount I could hardly finish it.I can't wait I go back here again!
5	Great service, amazing food, and nice atmosphere.  Love the white leather furniture and the decor.   Waiter was professional and accommodating. We will be back!
2	I tried going to savoy for happy hour with my co-worker since their website advertised such a good time with happy hour specials and a band. When we got there, there was about 13 people at the bar. It was my first time there and I didn't think I had to make reservations for happy hour. There were no more seats at the bar. The hostess said that happy hour was only at the bar and that we couldn't sit at the booths and upstairs was "exclusive", so all she could suggest was that we stood there until somebody got up from the bar. Meanwhile, an older lady came in behind us. A guy that was standing behind me asked her is she needed anything. She told him that she wanted to get at the bar but there are no more seats. He wavedhis hand for her to follow him and seated her. my co-worker was upset at the fact that we were there first but the person behind us were able to get a seat. We decided to leave. If I had came with a group of 20 for happy hour, we would've all been turned away, right along with our money! That was the most ridiculous thing ive ever experienced! I like to go to happy hour in groups and I shouldn't have to run out of my office at 5:00 to try and secure a seat!! I like to scout out and experience the different happy hours around Pittsburgh to see which are the best so that I can suggest and next time go with a group. This was my first experience at savoy and my last.
4	I've been having cravings for living up to stereotypes so when I saw fried chicken aon the menu I was sold.  Of course this is a fancy establishment so I had to have a side of Belgian  waffle with a syrup that had so many fancy things in it, I instantly felt extra fancy. It was like Iggy Azalea was hosting a concert in my mouth and only fancy flavors were invited. The fried chicken was seasoned and cooked to perfection as was the waffle.The ambiance of the place was pleasant: fancily upscale without all the pretentious pageantry  and the waitstaff was fancily friendly. They even have a decent gluten free menu for those that don't fancy gluten.All in all, this is the type of place I would take my parents to thank them for paying for my fancy English degree as well as my less than fancy friends that know nothing of being fancy. I'm a fancy lad with a fancy palette and Savoy definitively tickled my fancy.Fancy.
5	With a friendly bar staff and an exemplary team of chefs Savoy is a always a win. You can guarantee that a happy hour, date night, or business dinner will be a success and their fusion of haute cuisine and comfort food will make everyone happy.
3	I struggle with giving this place a rating. Their Chocolate Ravioli Butternut Squash with Lobster Cream filling was amazing and so decadent! Their Stuffed Lobster Tail with crab meat was also quite tasty! But it was almost too much. Hours after the meal I could still taste all the butter and I felt like I was sweating it out by the end of the night. Their Calamari and Fried Shrimp appetizer was ok - nothing to rave about, but nothing noticeably wrong. The waitstaff is attentive and friendly - also so knowledgeable. There was nothing Ed could not answer. Decor was modern and chic. Music was bumpin! Overall, I think this review has skewed towards 3 stars because of personal preference. Solid choice, but I wouldn't go back.
4	Satay, steak, chicken and waffles, and the martini sampler. Delicious. Chef Watson has a great menu going on. It has a nice environment and the food is on point.
