3	The Promanade Food Court is located in the back of the Flamingo Hotel near the entrance to the parking garage, Sin City Brewery, and the outdoor patio.  Consists of a TCBY, Java Detour, and Mrs. Fields Cookies, all at one counter.Quite a line in the morning (all morning) as people line up to get their coffee and food, which ranges from danish to bagels to doughnuts to fruit.In the afternoons and evenings there are cookies and people seem to go for the TCBY yogurt.Will add points on to your Total Rewards card.
2	Eh. Long lines for nothing special. Waited inline because I was thirsty. A lot of people had trouble accepting the fact that breakfast time was over...
1	This triple combo of Mrs. Field's/TCBY/Java Detour is located near the hotel's wildlife habitat and is a popular stop for quick breakfasts. The pastries are pricey, but they're not bad quality - kind of like Pink Bean, which is located in the Flamingo casino. The only difference is the service. The staff at this one-stop breakfast location are slow, hateful, and rude. I've definitely blacklisted this place for future reference.
1	Tried to stop here after picking up our rental car. The key word is tried...Stopped at the Java Detour counter and was totally ignored by the two Staff members who were just chatting with each other. When I tried to get their attention, I was told that one of the girls was off and the other wasn't logged into the system yet.  What???? So, basically they had two people there who weren't serving customers. How does this happen?  Anyway, I don't like being ignored, so we just left.
3	YOUR FOOD COURT NEEDS MORE FOODIt was surprising that nobody was ever at the tables in the food court when we walked by, but maybe that's because the options were extremely limited. The only time we even saw much of a line at Java Detour was around breakfast. But the Pizza Joint on the other side of the casino had taken care of our breakfast needs!A good food court should have more than just sugary sweets and drinks. Give me a taco!
2	The Promenade Food Court consists of a TCBY, Java Detour, and a Mrs. Fields Cookies and they are all located within one counter.  I decided to get a coffee from Java Detour.  Now when I think of a Food Court I usually think of food.  There wasn't any food there unless you call sugar and coffee food.  Next time I come back I hope they actually have food.
