5	Amazing experience and good quality ATV's. I will recommend you go for it and will not regret it. Perfect out door activity in Vegas. Prices are low and love the couple who provides this service!!! kudos! Will visit you guys again in my next trip to Vegas.
5	What an awesome way to explore Las Vegas and its surrounding environments.  I kayaked on the Colorado river and had a blast!  This is something I would recommend to anyone who isn't here to lock themselves away in the Casino.  You'll be amazed at what this region has to offer, and what better way to explore it than on all these different means of locomotion!
5	It was awesome, I am foreign, to visit Vegas for few time. And I loved so much this experience, sport and outdoor, I never did ATV, but Safak explained to me very well how it's working, to enjoy in complete safety. And the price is so good ! Thanks Detourvegas !
5	We went to Vegas from New York as a party of six, for a bachelor party and did ATV riding in dry lake bed outside of the city. It was amazing! Safak and his wife picked us up from our hotel in the city and brought us to the location. Once there they gave us the safety briefing and off we went. We rode for about 3 hours in the desert. It was hot, however they provided us with water as refreshments. After we were done, they dropped us off at our hotel. I was just amazed at their hospitality. I will definitely do a tour with them when I go back to Vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I recently went to Las Vegas and we tried detourvegas.. We had such an amazing time.. They are the best hands down. They were the nicest people and so accommodating. I researched  every atv company in Vegas before making my decision. Hands down this was the best.. the best.. I mean the best atv place in Vegas. I had such a memorable time. You won't be disappointed. :-)
5	Recently I was in Vegas and we booked with DetourVegas for some ATV fun. Jennifer and Safak were just awesome people. They picked us up at the hotel and brought us out to the desert where the ATVs were. Safety was their top priority and they made sure everyone understood the hazards involved. They provided refreshments and snacks since there's nothing out there in the desert. They were very patient with us because some of us never done anything like this before and made sure we all had fun. If I am ever in the Vegas area again I will be giving them a call for more activities.
5	We did an ATV tour yesterday and had the most amazing time. The owners/tour guides are the most friendly thoughtful people I have met in a very long time. Our guide kept the speed appropriate for our group, took lots of pictures and videos and even stopped at a gas station on our way home. I would highly recommend using them because they offer the best rates along with the best service. Can't wait to come back and try another sport they provide!
5	Just got back from the ATV tour from DeTour Vegas and had an awesome day all together. Safak and Jen are rockstars they made the experience as perfect as it could be. We are living on the strip and they picked us up at the hotel on time and took us to the location of the tour which is a dry flat land the drive is approx 40 mins. After a few tips we were on our way around the trail Safak made sure that we were having the most fun and also being safe. After the tour they were nice enough to show us the Hoover damn and also swing by in-n-burger !!! Being from jersey that was a treat. All in all when I come back to Vegas I'm definitely paying these guys another visit and try out their other activities.
5	Best place in Vegas. You won't be disappointed. Detour vegas is top notch... If you choose any other place your crazy.. No one is better. Most memorable and awesome time ever!
5	Went ATVing with 6 of us in our family Dec 2013...great experience!  Picked us up at the hotel, ride was great...highly recommend it!
5	Great family run business! Friendly, safe, affordable and fun. I've been on 5 different ATV rides in Las Vegas with 5 different companies. All were great but this one was the best! New equipment and a nice variety to the terrain that we covered. Definitely give them a try if you're looking to do something fun in Las Vegas!
4	I would definitely recommend detour vegas! It's affordable and the service is excellent. Our guide was very patient when teaching us and he moderated the difficulty of the course to match our skill level. Overall, detour vegas made our day :) riding an ATV was seriously fun and exhilarating and the great service made it even better.
5	Turns out that our land sailing adventure with Safak and Jen was our family's favorite thing we did durning our brief stay in Vegas. They picked us up, brought us to the flats, gave all 4 of us sailing lessons (3 out of 4 had NO EXPERIENCE with sailing)and had us ZOOMING around in very short order. They were both very kind (we were a little late) and helpful. They went out of their way to make sure we all had a great time. It was a surprising treat to get away from hotels and casinos. So much to see outside of town. Check out the Hoover Dam while you're there. We all had a blast. Highly recommended.
5	This activity was very fun and exciting. The tour guide was very helpful, safe and fun. We went to celebrate someone's birthday and they even provided a complimentary birthday cake!
5	My family is a mixture of extreme sport athletes (myself, my brother, and my boyfriend), my father who enjoys sailing and anything unusual, and my mother who tends to the conservative side when it comes to outdoor activities.  Finding activities that the whole family enjoys can be a challenge.  Land sailing was something that we all enjoyed.  Jennifer was fabulous about keeping us updated with wind conditions.  She picked us up and brought us out the flats.  After a few minutes of instruction Safak had us all cruising around.  Mom was happy that she felt safe and that she should could control how fast she wanted to go.  The rest of the family had a blast racing each other acrosss the flats.  Landsailing was very intuitive and easy to learn.  Zooming around was so much fun!!  Best Vegas experience by far!
5	Umm, can I give 6 stars on here? We just spent a day with Jen and Safak on the 4-in-1 adventure tour - ATV, land sailing, mountain biking and kayaking. It is definitely a "detour" from the hustle and bustle of Vegas, and EVERYONE should do it. Jen picked us up right on the strip on their coach passenger van (super comfy) and took us out to the ATV location. Fed us breakfast. We met up with Safak, who not only taught us how to maneuver our ATVs over terrain, sand and rolling paths, but was a great tour guide pointing out neat things in the valley. There was no wind today, so we didn't get to land sail, however, Jen still set the sails up so that we can sit and push eachother around, allowing more photo ops with the land sails. No wind and no sail meant more time for ATV! We didn't complain because the ATV ride was pretty epic. After lunch (we were dropped off at Subway for our own lunch while Jen and Safak went to switch our the equipment), we headed over to the Lake Mead Recreational area to start our mountain biking tour. They will gear the difficulty of the route to your experience as bikers. Since we were all novices, they chose a down hill path with the most amazing views of Lake Mead and the valley. It was incredible. Safak never rushed us on the path and allowed us to stop for photo ops, which we did plentifully. We biked to the entrance of Hoover Dam and got a nice and brief tour of the dam with a bit of history of when and how the dam is built. The tour was quick and sweet, as we needed to head back down to Lake Mead for the most relaxing kayaking experience ever during the sunset. I'm an avid tourist, and this is the best your I have ever experienced. Thank you, Detour Vegas!A couple of tips- bring change of clothes. You'll get dirty/dusty during the ATV-land sailing portion, and wet during kayaking. We brought track jackets and swim suits. Jen and Safak graciously took us to area la where we could change. Jen and Safak are awesome and chilled hosts. At no point during the tour were we rushed, and they even offered to stay as log as we wanted. We only left Lake Mead because we had dinner reservations. Want a tour of the Las Vegas valley? Do this! You will NOT regret it, and I promise you'll find yourself on YELP giving an epic review as I because you're going to just love it that much. Cheers.
5	Detourvegas is an awesome tour company for the family. It is family friendly and cheaper than all the other ones. It is run by husband and wife, so they are very personal and friendly.Safak is very professional. My family of four went on the ATV tour with him and we had a lot of fun. He gave us tips and showed us how to do donuts. He highly values the safety of his customers, so he often slowed down for my parents, and constantly looked back to check on us. He also provided sun screen, cleaning wipes, snacks, and beverages for us.He also gave us a complimentary tour of the Hoover dam. My family was very happy with the tour. Never had any better.
5	I really like DeTour Vegas and how their customer service made you feel like a real person. They weren't like some other tour companies that are out for your money. They really cared that you had a good time and were safe. It was also a great touch that they picked us up at our hotel on the strip and drove us 45 minutes to the atv area. I'd highly recommend this place and will be telling my friends about it.
5	My brother and some of our friends went ATV riding this past weekend as part of his bachelor party.  Since we were staying on the Strip, it was no problem for them to pick us up at our hotel and drop us off after we were finished riding.  My first ATV riding experience was a great one.  They were professional and made sure that we all knew how to be safe while also making sure that we had a lot of fun!  They had snacks, sandwiches and water for us the whole way, even on the van ride to and from our hotel.  Everyone was really down to earth and friendly.  Overall, a great experience!
5	The place to go with for a great ATV and Land Sailing adventure.These guys are awesome, professional yet very friendly throughout the entire booking process and during the tour. They really make you feel that your business is appreciated and that they enjoy having you on their equipment. The ATVs are fast and we had enough 'freedom' to really do with them what they are made for. They also did a very good job explaining everything to first timers, making sure that you are comfortable and safe throughout.As an added bonus they remembered that there were two birthdays in our group, made us feel special and this birthday trip a sure one to remember.Do yourself a favor, and give DeTour Vegas a try! You will not be disappointed.For one thing is sure...we will be back! Well done!Here is a video of the experience:http://youtu.be/F_0kNEM94ek
5	Wow!!  This was amazing!!! It was such a unique fun experience that really made my vacation.   They come and pick you up if you need a way to get there, and both the instructors are very friendly, experienced, and fun which made the experience that much greater. You learn tricks, change up speeds, and ride over a multitude of terrains it was AMAZING!  I really didn't know what to expect but I can say it was better than anything I could of imagine. Thanks for the great time, I am definitely going to come by again!
5	Absolutely Amazing Experience!An awesome day awaits you in the middle of the Las Vegas desert!!  My friends and I were picked up on time directly from our hotel on the strip.  After a quick 30 minute ride, we suited up (we were given helmets, riding gloves and goggles) and spent the next hour+ exploring the area and learning how to use the ATVs.  Safak and Jen were awesome, professional and friendly.  They provided drinks and snacks during "half time", and then it was back on the ATVs.  A fun filled afternoon!The area where they take you is full of winding paths, dirt humps and other obstacles, all of which are optional, giving you choices based on comfort level.  I felt very safe and comfortable the entire time and I cannot wait to go back with my family again in a few months.  I HIGHLY recommend DeTour Vegas.  They market themselves as something else to do off the strip...I would argue it's a MUST DO!Amazing time and an absolute highlight the weekend!
5	The best!!DeTour Vegas offers such a unique, fun and exciting Vegas experience! For a weekend girls trip, my friends and I chose the ATV option for some thrill seeking. It was a completely different way to see Vegas and the ATV terrain itself is worth seeing - check out the area El Dorado Dry Lake Bed! We were provided with transportation from our hotel anddriven about 30min out to Boulder City, NV for ATVing. We were given safety lessons, provided with gloves, goggles and helmets, then we hit the terrain for some riding. This was my first time ever riding ATV's and Safak was a great instructor who is able to gauge your skill and comfort level, letting you get accustomed to riding and switching up the terrains and speed. We were provided with various drinks and snack choices during break (I joked that Jen was my favorite soccer mom of the team) and then we kept on riding! I have never been more pleased nor felt more taken care of than at the hands of Safak and Jen.The day didn't seem long enough; the experience and people made this hands down my favorite highlight of this trip as well as all previous trips out to Vegas. I'd highly recommend to anyone who will listen to go out with DeTour Vegas and have a great time!
5	I am so impressed with Detour Vegas!  I just got back from an annual girls trip and we knew we wanted to rent ATVs while in Vegas. There are so many companies that offer rentals. I did a lot of research. However, Questions, emails and phone calls were responded to quickly by Jennifer.  We were picked up at our hotel and dropped off there. Once we arrived at a dried up lake bed (how cool is that?!), Safak was ready for us. We were a group of four Jersey girls, so we can be a little much to handle!  Safak was clear with his instructions, friendly, and organized. We had a total blast and can't wait to go back!
5	I was in Las Vegas this past weekend for a bachelor party. On Saturday morning, we went on excursion with this company.And let me tell you, it was amazing! I didn't know what to expect but everyone in our party had such a great experience. Since there was no wind, we didnt get to do the land sailing part of the excursion. But we definitely made up for it with the ATVs. The host company treated us so nicely. They were so wonderful that one member (the groom) had a headache and they went out of their way to stop to get aspirin for him. Top notch customer service at its best.I'd love to go back and try the land sailing and kayak experiences as well. Thumbs way up!
5	Safak and Jennifer are the best in the area.  We went ATVing in the "Boulder City" area I think it was called.  We had a guys trip, my dad, brothers, and cousins.  It was the best ATV experience we had in Vegas by far.  The price was so much less since they are sort of a small business start-up but their professionalism and willingness to make sure we had fun was just great.  Safak made sure we were always safe and knew what we were doing, but at the same time, let us go up and down big hills that I never experienced with other companies.  And we also got to do donuts!!!  If you are going to book a tour, you won't regret going with these guys!
5	Jennifer and Safak were great!! Jennifer picked us up at our hotel and was great about getting us prepared for the day. Safak was patient and a excellent guide. We spent two fun hours riding around the dry lake bed, with some breaks for water and some snacks. On the way back Jennifer offered to take us to the Hoover Dam, which was very nice gesture and all of my guys thoroughly enjoyed it. Will definitely be doing that again!!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said already here. We came with a party of 6 for a bachelor party and this was definitely one of the highlights of our trip! Service is impeccable, Jennifer and Safak were a pleasure to deal with and made sure that each of us in the party were having a good time. I would highly recommend this ATV company to everyone and anyone. Kudos to DeYourVegas for running such a great tour. I know that the five other people in my party enjoyed it as much as I did! Thanks again Jennifer and Safak, hope you enjoy your mini-break in So Cal, you two certainly deserve it!
5	Best experience ever for my first time riding ATVs!! My hubby and I wanted to do something new in Vegas other than the usual get-drunk-on-the-strip & blow lots of at the casinos (although we did that too). DeTour provides shuttle to and from the desert, which is only 30 minutes away. Asa picked us up at our hotel & was super friendly, easy to talk to & easy on the eyes (lol!) Once we arrived at the place, which is a dried up river bed near Boulder City, Safak the owner, met us with helmets, gloves, sunscreen, snacks & refreshments. They even have wipes to wipe the dirt off your face during break. We rode for 2 hours with 2 breaks in between. Safak is an awesome tour guide who made me feel comfortable with being on an ATV. He led us on different terrains & made safety a priority. By the end, I felt like a pro (jk!) and was telling my hubby we should do this again!!!
5	Did the ATV riding with a group of 7 for bachelor party and it was a huge hit!  Jennifer was very gracious even though the bachelor and a couple wingmen were a bit late getting to the pickup spot.  She became a part of our group- making jokes, having fun. Safak was super excited to lead us novices around the dry lakebed.  There are a lot of nice built-up mounds of dirt which are perfect for testing the abilities of the ATV.  I never felt unsafe.  You really work up an appetite- I never knew peanut butter crackers could be so satisfying!  I would definitely go again.
5	Surprised the hub with this ATV adventure! It was great! The owner, Safak, will pick you up at your hotel and deliver you right back.The area he took us to was a dried up lake bed just north of the Hoover dam. It was great for beginners like me. Safak was very polite, informative and patient. He made me feel very at ease with the whole experience! Great time.I would highly recommend for a quick adventure outside the city strip. It was very peaceful to get away from the craziness for a few hours.The one thing I learned though- when you really get going fast, remember to close your mouth! ;  ) just sayin
5	This was such an awesome and fun experience. I too participated in this event as part of a bachelor party. It was a private event -- meaning they picked up our group from our hotel on the Strip. The van had beverages and snacks to keep your energy up throughout the day. There was even sunscreen provided. You can tell the vendor really cares when they advise you to stay hydrated and helps secure your belongings to the ATVs, etc. There are 4 activities available: ATV, land sailing, mountain biking, and kayaking. We did ATV, land sailing, and kayaking based on preference. ATV was the best. We did it in the desert so I was able to go max speed. The route was also very lengthy, which gives you the bank for your buck and makes it feel worth it. Safety is always a concern so that is expressed by the vendor as he leads you through the course. He even taught us how to do donuts, but of course it was voluntary as it's a little dangerous. Land sailing is pretty fun, but the lack of wind cut our activity short. To make up for it, the vendor took us on a second route ATV-ing which was awesome. Kayaking was great as well. The route was also lengthy so your endurance is definitely tested. What really made the experience was also how customer oriented the vendors were. They worked really hard in the 100 degree heat to give us the best experience. They were personable, kind, and professional. They even offered to take us off route to see the Hoover Dam if we wanted since it was kind of along the way. All in all, great activities and great customer service! 5 STARS!!!
5	Didn't know what to expect but knew we wanted to try ATV'ing while in Las Vegas to get away from the strip and see what else the area has to offer. We had a blast, the personal attention was amazing. I'd highly recommend them.
5	My wife and I went to visit my Dad in Vegas recently.  We decided to take an adventure. So we looked up an ATV and Kayak company and Detour Vegas caught my eye. The trip started with Jen and Safak ( the owners ) picking us up ahead of schedule. On our way to the ATV riding site Safak explained how the day would play out. He also gave great insight on the town Boulder City. Being a history buff, I appreciated the extra consideration to naturally bring up the town's history while approaching the destination point. ATV riding was AMAZING!!!!!!!! The instructions were  clear and to the point. We trekked along a dried up lake bed and enjoyed the sand dunes nearby.  After our ride we were provided snacks and ice cold water and a wet nap to wipe our faces from the dust. ( This I might not seem like a big deal but this small extra touch was very necessary ) We then headed out to Lake Mead to kayak and paddle board. Again, instructions were clear and we has an absolute blast! The best part of the trip was Jen and Safak!!!!  I happen to work in the customer service industry and they were one of the best services my wife and I have ever received. They were genuine, knowledgeable and went the extra mile without expecting anything but a smile. We have already recommended DeTour Vegas to any and everyone who will listen and plan on using their services anytime we are in Vegas. It's small businesses like DeTour Vegas that due to excellent customer care won't be small for long. Take advantage while you can and Thanks Jen and Safak for such and amazing day! You two truly have a gift and run an extraordinary company.
5	A must do in Vegas. I did the ATVs and had a blast and you ride your own ATV. So much fun. The people are friendly and helpful.   Very professional.
5	Good outfit, Great price. The guys here are friendly from the pick up to the drop off. They made sure we were comfortable and safe the entire time.  The pick up van can fit more than 9 guys comfortably and the ride to the trails is only 30 minutes. Safak made sure we were all comfortable doing this and gave us instructions on how do to things for the amateurs. He was informative about all his actions ahead of time. The open desert terrain was a blast as were the trails he took  us through. Relax have fun and for goodness sake rent those cooling vests.
5	My girlfriend and I went out to Vegas this summer. While she wanted to do more city stuff, I convinced her that maybe doing some outdoor stuff will give us a good change of scenery from all the casinos.      We didn't really know what to expect but we thought perhaps it would be with a large group and we would have to take breaks while we waited for people to learn. Luckily for us, this was not the case. Safak showed up in the Van on time even though there was traffic. He was blasting the AC and offered us some water which was nice since we came from 50 degree weather in Chicago to 100 degree weather in Vegas. After he picked us up we went to go get the ATVs and he even offered to take us somewhere if we were hungry  or needed to use the bathroom. We stopped and Subway, picked up the ATVs and then headed out to the flats.     The actual riding was pretty awesome. Make sure you wear pants or the exhaust will BBQ your leg. Safak showed us everything we needed to know to ride safely around the area. When we started riding we went from easy tasks to more complex ones such as driving on two wheels and donuts. We went full speed and did jumps several times so it's not like you have to take it easy the whole time. We were the only two riders that day so we rode for around an hour and a half or more. It was long but a lot of fun.      Safak was very knowledgeable about the area's history and also about the riding. He was very professional the whole time and I can't say enough good things about him. The whole experience was a blast and it was a nice break from the city.
5	Atv tour was awesome!! Asaf and the team was great a must do if you are in vegas!! Thinking of coming back to vegas just for atv's! Door to door or (door to desert service). Great atv's all equipment was is working order and safe.
5	My 12 year old and I just finished an ATV tour with Safak. Seriously, from first contact to end of tour, this was an amazing experience.*Very professional interaction with Jennifer to arrange for tour.*Safak arrived promptly at arranged-for time to pick us up at MGM;*Pleasant, comfortable ride from strip to site (dried lake bottom). From pickup to drop off, we were treated with friendliness and courtesy. This guy is a pro!*Safak took his time to make sure safety measures were explained before the ride;*Ride was great - leaned basic tricks, went over various terrain and tracks. Each time that the ride was potentially dangerous, Safak stopped to make sure that I was okay with Bobby attempting a particular trick/maneuver. *He wears a backward pointing go-pro, which can me purchased at end of ride. I felt like I got more than my money worth and it was an experience of a lifetime for my son. Thank you Jennifer and Safak!
5	SUPER HELLA FUN!!! I surprise my husband for his birthday with this adventure! Asaf picked us up at town square because we're local but they can pick you up at your hotel if you're staying at the strip. I'm not in to extreme sports but this is HELLA fun!! They emphasize on safety first and wouldn't push you to do something your not comfortable. I can't explain how fun this adventure you have to experience it for yourself!! Definitely recommend my friends to do this if they're ever in town besides going to the strip
5	I booked an adventure for a bachelor party of 9 with Jennifer and Safak was our guide. Jennifer was professional clear and thorough. For the ride, Safak was diligent, safe, courteous and over all a very friendly guy. Our party of 9 was picked up at our hotel on the strip and dropped off at the start of the adventure. We were offered water and snacks.We rode through a very dusty desert and the team was able to equip us with proper gear and the necessary know how to traverse the terrain. We learned tricks and had an over all great day.This was a great value and a good way to spend an afternoon provided by honest working people. I will always support small businesses run like this. Thanks again Jennifer and Safak.
5	This was one of the funniest things I've done! Jennifer and Safak are so sweet, professional and extremely knowledgeable. Safak was our guide and you can tell he has his Ph.D. in hospitality. He literally does! He takes his time giving tips and teaching trucks. They are all about safety and a good time so don't hesitate in choosing them over the ATV rentals out in Vegas!
5	Amazing customer service the  staff goes beyond expectations to provide a complete customer satisfaction. Thank You for the unforgettable experience.
5	My brother and I had a great time with DeTour this past Friday! Safak picked us up from our hotel near the strip on time and was very courteous and friendly. We were picked up at 9am, got on our ATVs around 10, had a 2-hour tour, and then drove back after that, making the whole trip around 4.5 hours. Safak was a great guide and helped my brother and me learn the basics, as well as telling us interesting tidbits about the surroundings on the way to the site. It was our first time riding ATVs, but certainly not the last.We took a break after the first hour and Safak provided snacks, water, and soda for us. When leaving, we had minor van problems, but Safak handled it swiftly. Overall, we enjoyed the experience and would come back to try some of the other tours they offer. When booking on the website, make sure to read the description and call DeTour to schedule your trip...I didn't read it fully and ended up confused about how they would know when to pick us up. Luckily, Jennifer explained everything to me and communicated up until our tour by email and phone.
