4	We popped in here on Sunday afternoon during the Scottsdale Culinary Festival (and after several cocktails). The atmosphere here is ultra modern, WHITE, with a very open ballroom style, and a full bar. It is a "private event space" from what I know, so I'm not sure if they will ever be open as a lounge on a regular basis. Great patio, and a great sound system too.
5	If you're looking for an awesome event venue for 30 people up to 200+ people, look no further than The Clayton on the Park... This place is a cool alternative to a hotel ballroom or any other venue for that matter.  Located in the space that was formerly Pure Sushi, just next door to AZ 88 and Scottsdale Center for the Arts, you can't beat the convenient Old Town location.  The Clayton offers two levels indoors plus an outdoor terrace, so it's perfect for a small or large event.  Add to that friendly staff that are easy to work with, their modern sleek decor, and you'll know why I chose this place to host my most recent event.I couldn't have been more satisfied with how my event turned out at The Clayton on the Park.  It's a stunning venue that is perfect for weddings, social celebrations, corporate and private events, and I highly recommend checking it out if you're planning any of the above.
2	Not impressed.  Food was lousy and the place was dirty.  If you look at the funky-lit back wall, it has food and beverages spilled on it and some of the light hardware is missing.  There is an extremely loud machine right inside the door to the kitchen so everytime the staff came out during our presentation, we had to hear that machine buzzing.  The AV was quite poor.  The location and parking was a plus however.
5	This place was amazing! If your looking for a venue that is outside the norm for weddings and want a chic, sleek venue this is the spot. We just had our wedding there and it was worth every penny. Food was amazing, prepared by their in house chefs. They catered to all our requests and provdied great options. Service was amazing, their staff was very easy to work with and very understading to all of our needs. Cori was on point and very detail oriented. She was such a pleasure to work with and making sure our guests had a great time. I highly recomend this place if your looking for a venue thats versatile, customizable and just damn awesome. Thanks to Cori and all of her staff!
1	Absolutely the worst customer service I have EVER SEEN! I am 33 years old,  I have seen a lot of awful companies in my time, some I worked for, some I worked with. Clayton On The Park , is by far the most disrespectful group of individuals I have ever met, SPOKEN WITH, OR EVEN talked too. If you are even considering OR thinking about this place for your special day... you can Guarantee they will make it one of the worst experiences you have ever HAD!
3	Absolutely beautiful space on the Scottsdale Mall, but the service left something to be desired.  We hosted our company's annual award ceremony here in June and were somewhat disappointed.  The AV company was horrible, the TV's didn't allow us to project anything on them and they didn't have the space set-up when we arrived not that long before the start of the event.  However, the catered food was amazing...5 stars for that!
5	We had an amazing event for our company at Clayton. It is a very modern, hip venue that met all our dreams for a special night. No boring hotel ballrooms for us! The food was fantastic - best party/event food I've ever had. All of the staff at Clayton were great. Cori, who was our event coordinator, really pitched in to help us make it a memorable night for our staff (over 200 guests). She even pulled off some last minute things we thought of the day prior to the event.
5	Was here for Twestival Phoenix- what a great space! Lots of room, easy to maneuver through. Great bar area, and outside seating on the patio. Definitely a perfect place for an event such as Twestival.
5	Beautiful venue and amazing food.  Great place to impress your guests and have a fabulous event!!!
5	I had my wedding reception here back in October of 2011 and I STILL have friends and family talking about how perfect it was! The location, the fact that you can go outside or stay and dance inside, everything, it was amazing!  We had about 150ppl and just having everyone downstairs was perfect!  Plus we had a full band which fit inside the venue just fine and was the icing on the cake.  If you are looking for an amazing reception experience, I would highly HIGHLY recommend Clayton on the Park!!
5	Spectacular!   Best venue for an event or business or personal..The space is beautiful, modern and convenient to downtown Scottsdale.  The staff is organized and delivered 100%....The caterers we excellent and the food was the best we ever had for a large group.  Claire was our contact person....Thanks for taking care of our group!
4	My sister's wedding was at Clayton in September 2012 and it was absolutely stunning. This is a modern space in the heart of Old Town, perfect for a chic and elegant wedding. The staff were all wonderful and while I cannot remember the event coordinator's name, she was lovely and catered to our every request. As are many places in Scottsdale, pricing for this venue is steep and you may want to look elsewhere if you are on a tight budget. Fantastic!
5	Claire and the entire staff at the Clayton on the park were amazing. Claire made the entire planning process so easy. We had several layout and menu changes along the way and she was always more than willing to help and give her expert advice. She was at the rehearsal and big day and did a wonderful job making sure that everything went exactly how we imagined. So many of our guests commented on how smoothly everything ran the whole night. The transitions from the ceremony to cocktail hour to reception were directed perfectly. Our guests all raved about how delicious the food was and how attentive the wait and bar staff were. Sarah was also a huge help the day of. She made sure we were on time for everything and guided us through the whole night. Sarah and Claire really made our big day seamless! They both took charge and ran the show so that, my now husband and I could sit back and and enjoy the night without a worry! I would highly recommend the Clayton on the Park!
