5	With locations in Phoenix, Ahwatukee, Guadalupe and Laveen, South Mountain Community College offers associate degrees, certificates of completion, courses that transfer to universities and technology training to more than 8,000 students each year. This is an excellent college for students looking for a better college experience. With class sizes in the low 20's, students get one on one attention from faculty. SMCC is the smallest of the 10 Maricopa colleges, so it has a real community feel.
4	I love this location, but then I live not even a few miles away. I love that they are constantly improving the campus. Even though it can be a bit annoying for a semester, by the time you come back the next semester the crappy dirt lot with a million pot holes has turned into a beautiful parking lot...well, if you can call parking lots beautiful that is!I have taken 4 semesters here, mostly just one class at a time. But coming from San Diego, where we have Universities and Community colleges coming out our ears, I think South Mountain is top notch!The teachers and staff are great. The classes offered are usually very convenient for working people. The campus is beautiful and I hope as it continues to grow and get updated, I will continue to take many classes here.
4	Cool atmosphere, awesome mix of people and its super close for me.
4	You will love attending school with the mountains in the backdrop. Smaller school than the other community colleges but that may be the charm of this place. They are building a new library and there is a whole host of restaurants across the canal so you can hang out on your lunch time or take a run along the canal.
4	This review is for the new children's library on the campus.The new library is BEAUTIFUL!  I'm hoping that without a lot of kid traffic it may be a sanctuary for teachers who want to be able to find the books they need to bring to their classrooms and share with their students.  They don't have as large of a selection as Burton Barr, but they do have some titles you can't find at the other branches.  The shelves are well stocked but not so tightly packed that browsing becomes a chore.  It's peaceful (like a library should be), but it could use some more seating. I have to be honest that I find the coolest part of this library to be the tiny cafe at the back - they serve Starbucks coffee and tasty pastries at very decent prices.  Books, coffee, and sweets plus silence and organization...... It's like heaven!If only it weren't so far away from me....
