5	Surprised no one has reviewed this location yet. I have just started my little guy here. We had an introductory class and then finished our first paid class. The staff are extremely nice and attentive. The facility is clean and the program fun for the little ones. My son is 2.5 and in the "Beasts" class. They all seem to have fun and get along well. I also have my MIL take him to the open play times during the week and she told me that the staff has been great during those times as well. So far we're happy!
5	The manager of this location is awesome! And Miss Andrea is fantastic with the kids (Beasts)! :)  Little C has so much fun at class.  The teachers spray down the mat and equipment after every class, so that's kinda comforting.    Parent participation is kinda hit or miss, depending on which class you attend.  You can go to a class where every parent is up and running around with/after their kids during exploration time during class.  Or go to another where they're sitting down watching the kids run around.  The kids seem to have a great time regardless. If you're the type of parent that gets involved (like J and I), you'll be sweating by the time class is finished trying to keep up with your kid!  LOL VIP benefits if you enroll for the next season during an enrollment party.  Great discounts for the next full season, if you can pay in full during one of the enrollment parties!  Payment plans for those that need it.   For less than the cost of one family dinner out per week, your LO can have a BLAST at The Little Gym!!
5	This is a great place to bring your children to run, play, dance and learn.  The staff here is excellent, the place is clean and safe.  We have been going here for 3 years and have not had a bad experience yet.
1	Be careful with this company - their billing practices are completely bogus. Our 2 boys came to the Little Gym for 3 months. They liked it at first, but then they got bored. So after 50 days, we gave them 30 day notice and were surprised when our credit card was charged again. It turns out that your "last month's" payment doesn't actually cover anything and they will charge you anyhow. I spoke with the owner about it. She was rude and told me that we were given too big of a discount to start, which apparently justifies her trying to screw us at the end. She made up a ridiculous story about how we begged for a discount (her employees OFFERED US the twin discount). The owner thinks it is fair that we paid for 4 months of service, when we only used it for 3 months (and gave our 30 day notice well in advance before the 2nd month had ended). We were also charged a random "membership fee" about a month into our experience (we were not told about this at signup). Now I am left to fight this through my credit card company. My opinion - kids like this place the first few times, but it is WAY too expensive and their shady business practices make it impossible for me to recommend this place to anyone.
