1	Stopped my to renew my DOT physical. I arrived and there is about 5 people waiting, no problem. Get checked in and was told it would be about an hour wait. Paid my cash. My blood pressure normally is apx 135/80 FYI. After about an hour & 45 minutes I start noticing that the 5 people ahead of me are gone, and the 10 people who came in after me have gone in & seen the doctor "quack". I start getting mift and go up to check in girl to find out WTH is going on, and they lost my paperwork. After about 20 more minutes they find my paperwork and call me back for the vitals part of the physical and the UA. The first day nurse (if she even was one) didnt know how to take a blood pressure, put the cuff on wrong, and then couldn't read it right. By this point I was so mad my BP was up in the 160s. She then immediately takes a second reading (which is wrong because it could great vessel damage) and it was a little lower. She then tries to weigh me on a little 300 lbs scale. I am upwards of 400 lbs 6'4". I tried to tell her that it would be a waste of both of our times to weigh me because their scale wouldnt hold me. She insisted on weigh me, and I bottomed the thing out. I then proceeded to do the UA, and she couldn't even read the little lithmus paper right. Instead of 1.000 which I have been all my life (and was actually checked 3 days earlier for a pre-employment) she wrote it down as 1000 (which should be dead) but threw the strip in the trash with others in it, before anyone could cross verify it. I then get stuck in a exam room for 2 more hours waiting for their in-house doctor. After wandering around through there maze of hallways I find a nurse eating lunch and ask her WTF is going on. She said the doctor was out on lunch break and should be back in about 20 minutes.  Finally the doctor peaks his head in and I voice my complaints to him regarding the misreadings and demand a refund, which I didn't get. He said there was nothing he could do as he couldnt verify the readings and I was unable to provide another urinalysis sample. What a waste of time. Also filed a complaint against the doctors medical license, the Nevada Medical Board and BBB.
1	Do not go to this urgent care center if you value you or your family's health or even life. My family and I were in Las Vegas for vacation last week. On Saturday, I took my two years old to that place since he is having fever for a couple of days and we could not bring the fever down with Tylenol. The doctor there could not see what inside my son's ears clearly and my son did not want to open his month either for the doctor to see his throat. The doctor then said "let just give him some antibiotics for precaution".  I told the doctor that we will leave Las Vegas for home the second day.  I told him there are CVS and walgreen near the hotel we stay. I took the prescription to both CVS and walgreen and none of them carry this antibiotics! The lady in walgreen said they have to order this if I really want it. It seems the doctor has no idea what the pharmacy normally carry. This is not the worst part yet.I called the doctor and asked for a replacement antibiotics. The nurse said they can not fax the new prescription to me. it is their policy not to do this. I have to either go there to pick it up or ask the pharmacy to call them. I did not rent a car so I decided to ask the pharmacy to give him a call.The lady in walgreen called the doctor. it seemed the doctor yelled at her over the phone. she said the doctor is mean and prefer not to talk to him any more. Anyway, the new prescription asked for 200mg azithromycin. My son needs to take it twice a day and 5ml each time. The lady in the walgreen said she only has four bottles of this type of medicine and each only only has 22.5mg. I was surprised that the total amount of antibiotics my son has to take. So, I questioned the doctor over the phone. I had to wait two hours to get a chance to take to the nurse. The nurse said the doctor said it is correct! I still had doubt since even my insurance said the maximum is .75 something(?) and special manual override is needed if more is prescribed by the doctor.  Then the doctor said he wants to talk to the pharmacist. I gave my phone to the pharmacist. I guess the doctor yelled at her again. The pharmacist asked me why I was trying to give her a hard time? I was surprised by her question. All I want to do is to verify the total amount of antibiotics is correct and don't want to overdose my son. In the end, I said I only need two days' worth and I will get the rest when I get back home. For whatever reason, she gave me two bottles which is four days' worth. (about 45mg total). A couple of days after I got back home, I took my son to his regular pediatrics since he is still having cough and also I was wondering if I need to get the rest antibiotics from walgreen. fortunately, I did take him to his pediatrics. The pediatrics said the concentra doctor clearly did not know what he is doing and need to go back to school to learn again. for this type of antibiotics and for my son's age, he only need to take one teaspoon (5ml) a day for five days (total 25ml). Since my son has been taking the antibiotics for almost three days (30ml), we should stop give him more antibiotics. He had enough already. This antibiotics he took will stay and last for another several days. The doctor in concentra asked my son to take  4~5 times more antibiotics than he should. It is insane. Also, his attitude to the pharmacist in walgreen was really bad. I hope there is something I can do to stop him from hurting other people. To leave a proper review here, I think, is the least I can do for now.
3	Had to go here for a simple pre-job drug test on a Friday afternoon.  Lobby had about 6-8 people in it, but I think some were waiting on others that had already gone into the back.Signed in and a few minutes after that I was called up to fill out basic paperwork and get my ID copied.  Went back to sit down and looked around.  The lobby itself is nice and looks like it has been recently remodeled, so that was pleasant (even though there were crumbs all around the floor near me... not sure what that was about).  Once you go into the back, it was immaculate - as any hospital should be.People there for injuries or follow-ups did not seemed thrilled at all, and the prices on their board by the desk seemed kind of high, but it IS an urgent care that is located fairly close to the Strip.  I just minded my own business and tried desperately to ignore the guy loudly popping his gum a few chairs down. (RAGE)Took about 45 minutes just to pee in a cup.  Not spectacular, but again -- Concentra -Urgent- Care.  Is it urgent for me to pee in a cup or is it urgent to fix the guy who almost sliced his finger off?  =P  I may not like waiting, but I definitely understand.The staff was actually nice compared to previous Concentra experiences.  Oh, also took note that at least one of the staff members spoke Spanish.  Slow time plus non-emergency situation equals decent experience.  Sounds good to me!
5	Good experience here. In and out in 1 hour 25 minutes on a Tuesday early afternoon. Dr Drumm listens and is knowledgable and compassionate.Reception was a little slow to acknowledge my arrival but that was the only ding.
1	Worst place to go for medical care. Had me waiting for two hours for test results than when I finally get seen, I get the oh, we need to get the results faxed over here. So stupid. Don't ever go to any concentra. Pay doctors that care and know what's going on.
1	I was injured at work and told by my employer to go to concentra, I waited an hour then was examined by a doctor. Now even though I had x-rays from my emergency room visit the concentra doctor said I just had a bruised knee and not the  torn patella 2 other ER doctors told me I had. He sent me home with a ice pack and a excessive routine to rehab my knee, needless to say I ignored him and had surgery a month later and when I returned to the concentra doctor he replied I have never met you and did not diagnosis your knee. I will never go to a concentra office or doctor again, be warned you will have a long wait and en even worse diagnosis
1	Came in for a simple DOT physical.  The appointment was as nine and with the knowledge that there would be a drug test involved I drank a large bottle of water on my way to the appointment.  After sitting in the waiting room for over an hour and watching four people that came in after me get called back I could not hold it any longer.  I go up to the counter to calmly explain my situation and politely ask the receptionist if I could do the urine sample part now and continue waiting.  She called someone in the back and told me only ten more minutes.  Twenty minutes pass and I am now in some considerable pain and I go up once more begging to just let me pee in a cup!  The receptionist was rude and just told me there are only two people working and it's going to be awhile I should just go now and drink some water,  this is over an hour after my scheduled appointment!  God this place sucks.  I will never come here again ever!
1	Waited for 3+ hours just to get a simple physical for work. They are slow sloppy and rude to everyone to comes in. DO NOT USE THIS LOCATION
