5	Using my iPhone maps as a directory, I typed in Piano Movers and came across this business. I called the phone number that I saw on the image of the business card and reached Erick by the 3rd ring. Low and behold he had some time to squeeze in my piano move the same day!We exchanged numbers and he told me he'd touch base before 2pm to let me know he was on his way. He called me around 12:30pm and like clockwork, he showed up, moved the piano out and followed me to the destination with my piano. At the destination he and his partner unloaded the piano carefully and got it into the house in minutes.Easy Easy EASY!!!! Nice, courteous, reliable (they called me when they said they would) and professional. They're licensed and insured. I felt the price was decent and it's a flat rate.I would TOTALLY RECOMMEND this business. NOTE: on 2/27/2013, Yelp had the WRONG phone number listed for this business. If you call Yelp's number you'll get a person's house who probably has gotten too many wrong numbers.The correct phone number is 702-364-0101.
5	The customer service is top notch. They are very professional. I called hired them to assist me to move my piano, and like no other they were very efficient, and reliable. I called them and they provided me with service that everyone should experience. I believe they are the best piano movers that I have ever come across. I highly recommend them to anybody looking for piano movers. Thanks Erick for your personal service. I will use your company again when I need to move my piano in the future.
5	Thanks for moving my 7 foot grand Steinway piano! I was really nervous about moving it to our new house but The Careful Move Piano Movers took time in explaining how they will move my dear "baby". They are very professional and easy to work with! Definitely worth referring to other clients!
5	Great job! Efficient, courteous, and a fair price!
5	Eric and his helper just moved my Kurzweil, they gave me a great price, did a quick, efficient job and were extremely friendly. Big help, and I sure appreciate it. Call these gentlemen. You won't be sorry.
5	So lucky to find these guys. I needed an upright player moved over wood floors and they knew just how to do it. They came just when they said they would and even squeezed in the appointment to help me out. I've used two other companies in the past, but have now found the one I can stick with.
5	Eric is first of all a great caring courteous person. His work, positioning, risk management,  route and ease of access for flow of movement is fantastic. he relocated a 7'4" grand piano for me flawlessly. I highly recommend and will be calling him for my next move.
5	These guys are true professionals.  Let me start by saying I hired another mover who I found online.  I told him that type of piano I had, KNABE, baby grand, parlor player piano with a solid brass plate.  I have had to move this before and have been told it is EXTREMELY heavy.  The 1st guy showed (and hour and 1/2 late) and he was ALONE!!! Needless to say, we sent him home and HE recommended Careful Move Piano Movers.  I called in a panic and said I needed it moved ASAP.  After a couple questions about the make, model, etc.  Erick said, "Oh, that Knabe is extremely heavy" and went on about my specific piano.  He told me that he could be there first thing the following morning and he was.  They had the piano packed up properly, moved and secured on the truck within a hour.  Moved and set up at the new location within two.  He even recommended a local restorer who specifically works with Knabe.  This is the piano mover you want, if you want it done right.
5	It was a pleasure having Eric and The Careful Move team in my home to move my baby grand piano. Very professional and punctual. Key characteristics that are needed in the world of business in this day and age. I would absolutely recommend Eric and his team to anyone looking to move their piano. Thank you again Eric and The Careful Move team.
5	Erik and his team run a tight ship! They are experts at moving pianos and it shows! They truly care about satisfying the customer, and they care for the equipment they move as if it were their own. I can honestly say, moving is anxiety producing enough, but Erik made sure he communicated with me before and during the move.If I need to move my piano again, I know, without a doubt, who I will call. Very kind and hard working!
5	Called these guys last minute & wanted a baby grand moved. Erick responded right away & came as promised. He was efficient & professional. They were very careful in handling my newly bought piano & their price was also competitive. I'd recommend them to anyone who needs their service.
5	We cannot say enough good things about Erik and his crew. There is no comparison between The Careful Move crew and any other moving company. They moved our whole house of high end furniture and art from Las Vegas to San Diego without any damage. They made three separate trips to complete the move. They worked into the night without complaint and were very professional. On a scale of 1 to 10 this company gets a big '10'. Thanks guys.
5	Eric and his team just came over to my house and moved my piano down the stairs. All I can say is that the reviews speak for themselves. These guys are the best at what they do and they offer a very good price. I would highly recommend them to any of my friends or family. They know what they're doing, which makes you feel very comfortable when they're moving something so important and fragile.
5	As their company name says, they are very careful movers. They moved a heavy piano with no difficulty, and no damage to walls or piano. I would highly recommend them.
5	I was mildly skeptical simply because of all the 5 star reviews of these guys, but they have earned every single one.  They are fast, efficient, and respectful.  They are your guys for moving a piano.
