1	I typically wouldn't take the time to review a fast food chain but the overall experience was so terrible that my children wanted and insisted that I YELP about it.  When we walked in the door two of us almost busted our tails because of the wet and greasy floor.  There wasn't a caution sign indicating the floors might be slippery....definitely a lawsuit waiting to happen.  The service pretty much sucked.  The folks acted like they didn't want to be there and appeared bothered when we asked them for extras such as ketchup and hot sauce.  The guy in front of us left mad because they couldn't seem to get his order right.  As my son said their "legendary sweet tea" wasn't very legendary.  It tasted old and not very sweet.  The fries were greasy and not hot (pet peeve of mine with french fries).  To top it off the place looked and smelled dirty.  Pretty unacceptable considering that it was dead in there.  Or maybe there's a reason for that....
1	I wish I had read the previous review first.  My boyfriend and I were craving a Cajun Chicken biscuit for breakfast so he picked it up and brought it home.  The chicken was so dry, hard and overcooked it was like chicken jerky & didn't even taste anything like it should.  We were so disappointed so he called to tell the manager and she didn't offer us a better one or anything free next time.  It was just a waste of $10 because we couldn't eat it.  They probably won't get my business again!
2	I rarely crave Bojangles but I did craved some dirty rice over the weekend. 2 hours before close and I asked for the grilled chicken bites. They were out for night. I ordered an order of dirty rice. They were out for the night. I almost left but just ordered fried chicken tenders and too salty fries. I asked for a Sierra Mist fully expecting the fountain machine to be down or the Sierra Mist to be out. I'll probably try it again but if they fail a 3rd time, I will not be back.
4	I tried them again, and they've redeemed themselves.  I went back and the food was much better so I change my original opinion of 1 star.  The previous visit that was so horrible was a drive through visit. This last time I actually ate inside so maybe that's key.
2	This was probably the worst bojangles I've ever been to.  First traffic makes getting in and out hard and when you do get inside you see a store that doesn't look like it's had a major cleaning or remodel in years.  I'm the only customer there is I go to the register and service was pretty apathetic with a hint of ghetto attitude for making them work.I get my order and see that all the tables are dirty and the floor hasn't been cleaned so it's a game of find the least nasty. Sit down and the sandwich is overcooked to the point of being rubber.  The fries were pretty average so I ate quickly and left, no point in trying to get that mess fixed.
