5	I had a lawn mower break down in the middle of a big job, so I came here to buy another one. I was in and out in 15 minutes to get back to the job.
1	This place has great sales pitches and good on customer service until you sign on the dotted line. After that it is all downhill from there!They have horrible customer service and are not willing to work with you or give any leway on returning the items. If you decide to rent something from them for an event make sure you only rent one because the items they will send don't match! Our event was on a Sunday so when we saw the items didn't match there was nothing we could do because they were closed. The company took no ownership or responsibility for this issue and didn't seem to care. Do not recommend them at all! Besides, their prices are really not very good. We founf it cheaper to purchase a chocolate fountain than to rent one from them. Party City, sam's Club and Costco are all cheaper. Do not use this company.
4	fast, friendly and had what I needed at a good price!!
5	I would like to say that my experiences with A to Z rental have been second to none. Their team in not only the sales but in the parts and service department have all gone out of their way on SEVERAL occasions to help me out. Whenever I am there, the guys behind the counter are helpful and courteous. Sometimes they are busy. As a matter of fact, they are quite often busy. Even with that being said, they do their best to help everyone in a quick and efficient manner. I have found that they are very upfront about their rental and service policies. They take the time to tell everyone that they rent time and how much a diagnostic service will cost PRIOR to doing any work. That way, the customer knows what to expect.I have purchased a LOT of equipment for my business there and they have never given me a hard time about parts no matter how small. They are always quick with a helpful tip on how to do simple repairs myself too.Most recently, I had a brand new chainsaw blow up on me. Even though they are not responsible for it, their managers are doing all they can to help me resolve the issue with the manufacturer. They also have just about every single part imaginable in stock... I highly recommend!  Geoff, Agave Tree and Landscape
5	I have never witnessed a more comprehensive equipment rental service.Anything from a compact excavator, post hole digger, and portable generator to a basic lawn mower or wheelbarrow - they've got it. Got a huge event coming up? They hold a wide inventory of party supplies and rentals too. Simply put, you could literally build an event venue, and host your own party all by renting from A to Z! Well, maybe not literally - you can at least get your home landscaping done, like me. Called one of their locations early in the week looking to rent a wheelbarrow on a Saturday. The pleasant gentleman took down my info and even pointed out a closer location to home. The rental was $15/day. Since they're closed Sundays, I returned it Monday morning for no extra charge. The process was straightforward. Go inside the main store/office to do the paperwork and they will navigate you to a storage bay where workers will help load your equipment. Bring it back in the reverse order. I highly recommend this operation if you're looking to rent professional grade tools or party supplies. Wheelbarrow - $15/dayPush Engine Lawn Mower - $30 (4 hrs)/ $50 (full day)Check out their site for a full catalog.
5	I've been renting stump grinders here for years.  Their equipment is maintained well and you can expect it to work properly.  Never had a bad experience.  My only wish is that they opened at 6am.
5	We were in a bind recently and needed to rent a generator (specific model/make) and we were highly impressed with the customer service, attention to detail, and availability of the product.  But, more importantly, the cost was very cheap.  I was surprised at the amazing deal they were offering us for the rental.  We also needed a few other items, and surprisingly they had them in stock.  This place is very comprehensive in their stock, availability, and cost. The customer service of this place just knocked my husband off his feet, which is hard to do.  When we picked up the products I was also amazed at how well they keep their equipment--well maintained.  Our experience was fantastic with A to Z Rentals, and we will be coming back.
5	Great Facility.  Evidence that we are doing the right things right in Gilbert by supporting local business.  This place is clean, professional and convenient.  Very large too. Able to provide you with just about anything you could imagine for your commercial, residential, or even recreational needs big or small.  What I didn't realize is a side by side UTV could be rented to enjoy safely in the desert or mountains.  Plenty of customer service reps at the counter for minimal wait.  Lots of knowledgeable techs and maintenance people working diligently assuring everything is kept safe and reliable.
5	Thank God for A to Z Equipment Rentals & Sales! We had a flood in our home and needed a dehumidifier and they came to the rescue. Amazing customer service which sadly I did not expect from a machinery rental place. I called and of course every Home Depot, Lowes, and A to Z Rentals were all out of the dehumidifiers. Unlike Home Depot or Lowes, A to Z said to keep calling every hour to check to see if they get any in. So I did just that. I reserved the machine but also called and checked every hour. Once they saw a unit come in they called me back and said guess what, we had one come in. Dave took great care of us and I truly appreciate the customer service and support through such a stressful time in our lives. We will think of them first next time.
5	Damn.   Every once in a while you have such a great experience during a crappy situation that it totally turns your day around.  Yep, that was me yesterday.  Had to take our Honda lawnmower in for a "hard start" condition - it got progressively harder to start until yesterday .... It wouldn't fire at all..!   Immediately, I'm thinking the ignition System has some problem with it, and start troubleshooting it.  Anyway - called A to Z, chatted with a couple of very helpful guys there, and decided to take it in after all.   The service dept was closed, so it would have to be there all week.   Awesome.!  Looked like I was free and clear of mowing duties.!I get it to A to Z & was working with Ian, and he decided to try a couple things before submitting the work order ...   Well..   As it turned out, it was a fouled plug that was causing my stress this whole time.   Fired right up with a new one.   Ugh. (See my other reviews proclaiming my mechanical aptitude...  Yeah, ego check, Ghost Rider.)He put a new plug in it, changed the air filter, and helped me fix a busted wheel on top of it all.   And I only paid for the parts - so he saved me $75 on labor that day.  Can't find help like that these days.And I had to go mow the lawn after all...
