1	If I could give 0 stars I would. There are NO requirements for the hair 'stylists' to meet in order to work here. Its a cheapie chop shop and you get a lot worse than you paid for. I don't know why I returned after a couple very bad cuts. Maybe I am a glutton for punishment or too forgiving or just too lazy to find a new place but surmise it to say: this Great Clips has TERRIBLE cutters with no training and I recommend avoiding it at all costs.
4	Nice, easy place to come get a haircut. They tell me this is their busiest location, which makes sence because there are always at least six stylists on hand. That's what I love about it here, there is almost NEVER a wait because they are staffed so well. This is the only place I go for my hair, in and out nice and fast.
4	You get exactly what you're looking for here: a cheap haircut. Nothing fancy. I come here when I need a quick, cheap cleanup. When I want an actual "styling" I'll go to FX in the same parking lot & see Amy. But, the 2 are completely different experiences & expectations.
4	The haircut was good and the barber was very good at keeping with a conversation. The price was cheap and I got my haircut done in minutes.
3	Everytime I come here it seems like different people are working and it's never the same people here. This might explain why the quality of my haircut varies depending who's there when I go. It can sometimes get busy at this location so be sure to check in online before heading over there just in case. Normal haircuts are $13 here.
2	I took my kid in for wash/deep cond, she has VERY CURLY hair that tangles EZ, Sasha complained about her back hurting & it taking to long for her to comb out. Her 1st experience & probably last
1	Went in to get a quick haircut one morning and the stylist cut my hair crooked.   I am not sure how she did not notice because it was prerty bad.  Went somewhere else to have it fixed.
1	My past two haircuts with this location were horrible. First awful experience the lady left a long patch on the back of my head. Today I don't think she shaved the right side of the neck line. Two in a row so I will not go back a third time. Trying place across the street.
4	If you need a quick cut this is the place. Very cheap and good service. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because I have never once been asked if I would like a shampoo with my cut.
5	Im a greatclips veteran...been to many in 3 states and usually satisfied.  True, the stylists vary a bit, but that makes it special when i get the same great stylist again.   Haircuts grow out but a friendly haircut lasts... Thanks!
1	Sorry to say this---I gave them a second chance, but their hair specialists can't seem to follow simple instructions.  I told him to trim my son's hair and not to cut too short. He ended up buzzing it too short and told me he thought I wanted it short. He told me it was going to grow back and didn't apologize that he made a mistake. I wouldn't recommend coming to this location. Another customer told me that they seem to employ substandard hair specialists...
1	By far, the worst Great Clips i have ever been to. The 3 ladies working tonight were frowning and one was on a personal call, while there is a room full of people waiting. I usually go to the other ones, Ann and 95 or Decatur and 215, but I had dinner next door. Boy what a mistake! In my opinion, these ladies should not be in service. Not only were the staff depressing, they were not cutting hair right, a few walked out upset. I wouldnt go back to this location. I will go back to my usual place. And tip, if you can drive another 10min, I recommend you go to the other locations.
5	They get me in and out, and looking good. I've always been treated kindly. They have my style on file and give consistently good results.
2	I wanted to give this place 1 star. BUT the woman cut my sons hair fine. The reason I'm so disgusted is the filthy toys in the wait area. I took a baby wipe to the twisty bead toy(whatever they are called) and wow! Must be years of filth caked on! Now I get that "they don't pay me enough to do this" attitude. BUT as a parent id rather they take the toys out all together. If they aren't paid enough to do it, take them out. So grossed out that is the last time I take my boys there. And let's be honest about everything while were reviewing. The woman had chip on her shoulder cutting my sons hair. The only reason I didn't confront them in person is because I have yelp. FAR MORE POWERFUL.
