5	Unfortunately, I've got a recurring back injury so I've been to a fair amount of PT's.  They generally all work the same way where you have the doctor assess you the first time you go in, and then you have a tech work with you as you do your rehab moving forward.  That's not the case here.  I literally met with Dr. Miller every time for an assessment before I went out to do my exercises. Between that and the fact that he's very good at what he does, what would take several months at other PT's has taken him only 2 weeks.  Plus, he's very good about giving you details on how to do home exercises, so you're not going to be staying there any longer than you need to.  All told, these guys are the best!
5	After a year of knee pain when climbing stairs and doing squats n' stuff, I decided to see an orthopedic doctor.  Turns out there was nothing seriously wrong and nothing that couldn't be fixed with some physical therapy.I chose Miller Physical Therapy because of their proximity to my house and their reviews here on Yelp.  Scheduling appointments went smoothly and everybody that I spoke to there was pleasant.  My doctor said that I was supposed to go 2 times per week for a month but I only went twice.  My therapist, Nick (totally reminds me of Will Ferrall), clearly explained what was wrong with my knee and how he planned to heal it.  After the second session I knew exactly what I had to do and was ready to work on it on my own.I cancelled the rest of my appointments partly because I am lazy and didn't want to go but partly because the stuff I needed to do with my knee was relatively simple and I could do on my own so why pay someone else?Anyway, Nick is awesome and although he doesn't know it, he almost totally cured my knee pain I've had for over a year.I would recommend this place to anybody.  The facility isn't as hoity-toity and fancy as I had expected but was nice, clean and contained all the doodads necessary for physical therapy.
1	Buyer beware! (literally)  The services provided aren't worth the extreme frustration caused by their inept billing, which is further compounded by illogical response from ownership.  Find another therapy office that won't waste your time and make you regret ever trusting them with your personal information.
1	Couldn't even think about making an appointment after dealing with the absolutely WORSE admin on the phone.  Regardless of the how good the therapist is, Vicky kept me from walking through the doors.  Find someone useful to talk to your potential clients.
5	Jim Miller and the group at Miller PT is great. I have been using them for years and referring my friends. Jim is an expert in sports related injuries and getting you back to full function ASAP. Their ethics are at the highest level. As a triathlete, I can't afford any downtime. Jim had helped me through several injuries I was worried would bench me. Thank you and keep up the great work!
