3	The beer was great, and came in a frosted glass.  Yum.The nachos were $8.99 and were not nice at all, though.  Boo.If I end up in this airport again, I will opt only for beer next time.
1	Gross as gross can be you'll never catch me!  - Eating here ever again!!!Airports are not all notorious for their gourmet, reasonably priced restaurants, but this place made me feel taken advantage of.  As the only place to grab a drink while waiting an hour and a half to board my flight I excitedly headed toward Jackalope Flats.  It's walls are peppered with vintage household items and of course that adorable little jackalope we all know and love.  The menu is pretty basic, chili, salads, nachos, burgers and sandwiches.  I ordered the Turkey Club - Sliced Turkey, Swiss Cheese, Crispy Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato and Spicy Chipotle Honey Mayo on Sourdough Bread - sounds good!WRONG!The meat is the worst quality, water pressed "turkey" and the cheese was Swiss American ( a couple sparse holes and little flavor ).  The mayo tasted more sweet than spicy and the bread was so hard it cut the roof of my mouth.  I couldn't even eat the sandwich, it was so horrible.  I guess the beer is the only good thing here because I ordered a mimosa that my server recommended to me.  The champagne was flat and warm.  When I asked the bar if they could remake it since it was flat and showed them the absence of all bubbles he offered to pour some soda water in it to add some "fizz".  Honestly, this place isn't worth the money I'm spending.  If this places wasn't in the airport, there is zero chance it would survive.
1	Got off my flight and grabbed a quick snack of onion rings. Gross.
1	This place was absolutely awful.  I had to ask my server 3 times if he would take my food order, and other than that, he ignored me. My food was cold when it came out, like it had been sitting in the kitchen window for a while.  I'll never order from here again.
1	Horrible service.   We waited 10 minutes before we were acknowledged and given a menu.   We had onion rings and split a bbq wrap.  The onion rings were good but the wrap was not.   Our waiter was a joke.  I don't recommend.  This was really our only option near our gate.
2	Your average overpriced airport food lounge and bar. Had time to kill between connections..and needed breakfast..the waiter was pretty slow, seemed like he was overeworked with the...6 or so people in the bar...
1	If there was a zero this place would deserve it!  Horrible food and even worse service!  I had a breakfast sandwich and a coke!  $20.00!  No refill on the coke or anything!  Skip this dump!
1	Holy smokes-awful.   Should have trusted my first impression.   The food was barely edible and was billed a different price then listed on the menu.  Bigger yet, the table next to me sent her margarita back because she ordered without a salt rim.  The drink came and of course had a salted rim.   The bartender refused to take back and was just going to wipe it off!   She can not have added salt, make a new damn drink, service 101.
5	My favorite place in terminal 3. Always treat me right with a delicious drink and meal. Ask for Gretchen she'll give you you true southern hospitality and a joke for the road.
1	After our awful service at Jackalope Flats , I went to other websites to see if I was the only one that felt this way. I think Trip Advisor placed the ranking at 1073 out of 1083 for that type of restaurant. If I was the owner/manager I would be addressing all reviews good or bad. Obviously the passion stopped at the investment for these owners otherwise after all the bad reviews, something would change.In airports, I agree they can be overpriced, blah. They don't have to be boring and lackluster. I do not mind paying for quality food and service, Chilis and TGIF all do a pretty consistent job. People that frequent airports come from all walks of life and from all over the world and have different opinions and you cannot please everyone. But one thing that should never suffer no matter where the restaurant or business is, CUSTOMER SERVICE.We went to Jackalope Flats because the airport FAILS to tell you that once you go through security at Terminal 3, you have no choice but to eat here unless you want candy and soda at the News Stand. We went there on 09/02/13 and grabbed our own menus and sat down after standing there waiting a few minutes. We were finally greeted by a waiter (I do not remember his name and do not have the  receipt handy but he was the bald one)We ordered our drinks and when he came back we placed a order of nachos as an appetizer first while we looked through the menu. almost 20 minutes went by and the waiter stops by our table and asked "what did you order? He had forgotten to put our order in. No sorry! Our drinks were empty by then. Another 15 minutes went by and my boyfriend went up to the bar where he was standing and asked "do we need to eat inside to get service". I mean how long does it take to throw some chili and cheese on the nachos and heat up?He finally brought our nachos and said "Sorry, it was partly my fault, I forgot to put the order in" Partly? Its all your fault. Most people are trying to grab a quick bite to eat between flights. If we were on a time crunch , we would have been screwed. Once again our tea and soda sat there empty. Didn't ask us how are nachos were.Grabbed him to place our food order being it took 35 minutes to get appetizer. ordered turkey club, that  arrived quickly, served by another waitress who seemed VERY attentive to her stations. Waiter came around to refill our drinks but never asked how the sandwich was. Had to flag him down to bring check. Then we sat there another 10 minutes when our credit card was very visible. This place was dead, no reason for lack of service or slow. He picked it up, didn't say sorry for anything about our service or thank us. When he brought it back all he said was "here you go". It was the first time we ever did not leave a tip. Our tip to him was that we didn't ask to talk to his boss. Never felt so unappreciated at a business.
1	Really bad, cold, congealed nachos.. Stuck to the plastic plate. If there was vodka in the Bloody Mary, it was imperceptable.Strange staff too, not overly pleasant.They know they have a captive audience, but shouldn't treat them with such contempt.
1	The place was packed since it is the only place to eat in this terminal. Only one waitress was  working the entire restaurant. I waited almost 5 minutes till she told me sit anywhere and I'll clean the table when you sit down. Service was slow but food was decent. This place would do better with more staff!
1	Mexican food, I think they impersonate Mexican food. Service was bad, food was greasy and a waste of money. Pay attention to the reviews and skip this place, go somewhere else. I sat down for a quick bite and was virtually ignored for about 10 minutes but finally placed my order. The food took 15 minutes and when it arrived it was cold. Pass on Jackalope Flats.
1	Came here for a breakfast burrito and coffee for a morning flight. Coffee was passable but I can't comment on the burrito. That's because after 20 minutes and watching people who ordered after me get they burritos, I cancelled the order and asked for a refund. I asked for a manager and was told that would take some time too. The reason I was give for my wait.... Food takes time to cook. No apologies offered at all. Stay away if you can!!!
