4	If you have been to a Native before this one is not much different, which can be a good thing. This Native is split pretty much equally into 2 parts - the restaurant and bar, and you can eat and drink in either one. Best day to go is on Tuesday when they have their 25 cent wings special - which remains one of the best in town!! Good pizza and wings and cheap beer make for a fun, friendly hangout, but definitely not a singles hot spot. The reason for the 4 star rating, is that their carryout service is a little lacking - if they say 15 minutes, better be ready for 30. I have wasted a lot of time in that lobby! But the wings are always great!
3	It's a good place to just chill and have some fun.  Their food is pretty good (they even have a huge veggie platter that I've never really seen anywhere else) and the service is good.
1	My daughter got very sick from eating a burger here and when we complained the manager did give us a free meal if we returned. We went back a few months later and my husband got sick this time after eating some wings. I have not been impressed with the food  overall here and the service has been even worse. I have never been to the bar area here...only the restaurant. I would never go back and would not recommend this particular Native New Yorker.
4	Every trip to Phoenix, I to my Native!!  HONEY HOT wings and a few to go. They have great bartenders who will whoop it up every now and then just to get everyone going. How? Hmm, games to win what else? Free alcohol. Great place, the service is on top of it.
1	why did I go back here?? I have no idea, but I will not be back ...ever!Ordered the buffalo chicken bites and the chicken was so overcooked that it was hard as a rock..yuck!And also there was only one server..which was ok because they were not busy, however, she decided to go out to have a smoke and then returned to our table to see how we were doing and the smell made me sick..do not go smoke and then return to a table smelling like that..very gross.
2	Is it just me or does this place smell???   We stopped for a pitcher (or 2) the other day.  We sat in the bar and the service was pretty good.  The beer seemed flat.  The food always seems like it was frozen and just warmed up in the microwave.  I think they need to revamp this place if they plan on competing with the new places that are opening around it.   Good Luck!
2	Did not like the pizza puffs or the garlic bread. Too much cheese in the puffs and the bread was bland.  Prices are average as well as the service. Not worth a try... foodwise
1	Ate there Sunday for lunch it was the worse pizza I have ever eaten we had the house special! I have eaten  frozen pizza that tasted better! First and last time I will visit, husband agreed with me!!
4	We love the bar staff here. Sam is our girl! :) Always helpful and we never have to ask for a drink. She's on top of it!!The restaraunt side, however, needs some help when it comes to service. No matter how many times we go there, the food takes forever. Hopefully, management will re-train servers to be more prompt. Food is always great!
4	Good times! We sat in the bar after leaving Augies because we could not get service. I am glad we left. The service, food, and drinks were great. I had the cobb salad. Really good. A lot of toppings and great dressing-I ordered the Italian. My hubby had the chicken sliders and curly fries. He said it was great. I stole several fries and they were really good. My bro had the wings. He wanted 2 different sauces so she brought 2 orders on separate baskets, which was great because the sauces did not mix. The reason for 4 and not 5 stars was the price. I thought it was a bit expensive. Love to see a weekend happy hour.
4	I love that the Indians are out in Arizona now for Spring Training. It gives me an excuse to get out of Phoenix and travel out to the oasis that is Goodyear. Following up a few hours of people-watching at the Renaissance Fair in Apache Junction, the Kaufmans and I went to the opposite side of the state to check out the Tribe v. the World Champs. We wanted to pre-grub a bit, and saw a sign for Auggies (or Aggies, whatever). Either way, it was a wasted trip. Big sis laid it out in her review, but the place was packed, understaffed, and soon to be forgotten. After being ignored for 10 minutes, we rolled out to Native New Yorker.That ended up being a great choice. The place was pretty busy, but we walked right in, grabbed a seat at the bar, and were welcomed in about 34 seconds (yes, I timed it). I forget our server's name, but she was pretty fantastic, even after a nameless member of the family dumped a third of her beer on the table. Party foul after 2 minutes? No good, AK! It was ok though, no one else noticed. The place was pretty loud for the UA game, and there were a number of TVs that distracted everyone else from her shame.Anyways, our girl was on top of things during the whole visit, keeping our Fat Tires full of amber goodness. AK got the chef salad (she's the healthy one), the bro-in-law ordered the buffalo chicken sliders (yes, he IS the spicy one, how did you know?) and I was the difficult one. The Strippers sounded great, basically chicken tenders in your choice of sauce, so I ordered half a pound, half Oriental Garlic and the other half Asiago Parmesan Dusted. All three meals came out pretty quickly, accompanied by more Fat Tire; it just makes everything better....The food was impressive. AK loved her chef salad, which looked a little out of place on our table, but highly delicious. BK burned through his sliders, and the curly fries satisfied both Kaufmans. My Strippers came out in separate baskets, which was greatly appreciated. The Oriental Garlic was fantastic, a sweet and sour sauce with some bite to it. The garlic wasn't overwhelming, and it was spicier than I was expecting, but in a good way. The Asiago Parm were solid (I did it again, Amy!:) ); the dusting was tasty but not very strong.All in all, the experience was very satisfactory. It would have been nice to hit a happy hour, but it was well worth the stop. Also, as an ASU alum/employee, I got to watch UA lose, which is always fun. If you are ever out west in Goodyear, definitely make a drop-by.
2	suicide wings when we ordered hot. I have been to like 5 different Native's in AZ and these were by far the hottest wings I have ever had. Was it a cruel prank from the kitchen because they were slow? methinks not! Pizza was ok, leaning towards the too greasy side. Just not the best pizza sports bar time me and the wife have had out on the town. Don't think I will be back for round 2. Maybe they are better when they are packed...
1	My husband and I decided to go to this restaurant for father's day. We were always happy with the food & service. Today on the way there I looked up reviews of this restaurant & 1 other. To my surprise I found terrible reviews involving a waitress reeking of cigarette smoke when she served their table. My husband told me that everything would be fine so we went to this restaurant anyway. imagine my disgust when I found the end of a plastic cigarette  wrapper in my diet pepsi! I picked it out because it looed like a slice of ice. Our waitress was very sweet and apologetic however management only took off our drinks & 25 percent which I feel is unconcionable. We won't be back.
5	I was here on a Saturday night and it was definitely slower than it should be.. I really enjoyed my meal!! The waitress was sweet and the place was very clean. This is the only place I go for wings!
4	They did a recent remodel, knocking down the wall that separates the bar from the restaurant. Now, while dining you have to deal with loud music and a DJ spouting off trivia. Too loud ad even the waitress had trouble hearing us order. Used to be fun with occasional slow service just nose dived to annoyingly loud dinner. No longer worth the trip for .39 cent hot wings.Went back shortly after posting this and found that they got rid of the loud music and DJ.  Now it's much more enjoyable to take them family. Guess a bunch of people complained about the the same things.
1	Dear owners of Native New Yorker,Seriously?? What the hell were you thinking? First, you knock down the wall that separates the bar from the restaurant. Bad idea.Next, you got rid of the jukebox. Worse idea.What's next?? Get rid of trivia? Music? Wings?I used to love to come here. Now it's just not the same. I cringe when karaoke gets off collar because there are children in the restaurant. On top of that, your manager yelled at a patron across the entire bar that he has dogs in the back of his truck with no water. Dude...it's like 60 degrees out...plus, you totally could have walked over to him and said it privately instead of blasting him all over the bar.You have turned one of our favorite places into another lame-ass restaurant. Sigh* Sincerely, Former patron
2	Not good.  The medium prices are not worth the blah food.  Mushroom burger: greasy but did not taste good.  Steak fries: bland and dry.  Curly fries: tasteless and cold.  Not coming back.
4	They did a recent remodel, knocking down the wall that separates the bar from the restaurant. Now, while dining you have to deal with loud music and a DJ spouting off trivia. Too loud ad even the waitress had trouble hearing us order. Used to be fun with occasional slow service just nose dived to annoyingly loud dinner. No longer worth the trip for .39 cent hot wings.Went back shortly after posting this and found that they got rid of the loud music and DJ.  Now it's much more enjoyable to take them family. Guess a bunch of people complained about the the same things.
4	Good wings, excellent pizza and decent happy hour beer prices.  We go once a week (45 cent wings Tues & Thur).  Burgers, fish n chips are also good.  Also try their BACON SUNDAY...it comes with FRIED BACON on it.  You can thank me later.
2	I'm not sure if it's this location, it's management or just the fact that the food really sucks but it's gone from a really good place to meet and eat to about the last place you want to choose unless you're really desperate. First off for a place that features 3 main menu items, Wings, Pizza and Calzones, all of them are horrible! The wings are small, not breaded, usually have a bit of an aftertaste from old grease and for some reason you wait for 20 minutes for an order, these should be ready to go at all times! It's a staple on the menu! I always order my wings plain with sauce on the side, all their sauces seem to have broken down and are now pretty much just a layer of butter with color... not very appetizing at all!On to the pizza, for some reason always burnt! I've ordered it on 3 different occasions and finally gave up after giving them the benefit of the doubt, thin crust, almost paper thin, an OK sauce but when you can order it and say, I'd rather have gone to Pizza Hut you know there is a problem.Now the Calzones, totally in the other direction, these on 3 occasions have in each event been fully undercooked! It's as if the kitchen doesn't understand how to time orders so they put everything in at the same time and take it all out at the same time, sadly this doesn't work! Pizza and Calzone have different cooking times!!! They don't understand that and I've given up on the place. My last visit there was for Monday Night Football and for a sports themed bar, they had 7 customers in the entire place and 2 were off duty employee's! To me if you can't get people in your place on Monday Night Football with a menu and bar geared to that crowd, you need to revamp and rethink what you're doing because it's not working! My last outing there, several customers were talking about going Buffalo Wild Wings now that it reopened, Native made it too easy for people to make that decision! Sorry guys call me when you figure it out!
2	Nice bar near the baseball complex.
4	I was a little hesitant to go in after reading the other reviews, but I am very glad I did. Not only did we have great service, but the food was very good. I really liked the fact that almost everyone in the place seemed to be a regular. The staff made us feel very welcome and my family agreed that we felt very comfortable there. While the bar is open to the dining room, there are many other restaurants set up the same way and tonight I did not see any issue with it. There are great specials on Tues & Thur nights on wings and beer so I am sure we will be regulars in no time.
1	I used to like this place...but lately they always screw up my order and the food isn't that impressive. There are other places that you can get better wings for cheaper.Go somewhere else. Not worth your time or money!
2	I sit here at the bar, reading a sign that says the "no longer show UFC fights" effective today...which is the usual day for it.I come here a couple times a month for a pint. The waitstaff is pleasant, but the kitchen staff are mostly retarded.Last week the walk in cooler went out, and they had to serve bottled beer out of Igloo coolers...waiting for the owners to put $$ into the repairs. They own a couple other locations that are more profitable...this is simply no longer a viable money maker for them.A local tip...this place is for sale. Check bizbuysell.com for listing. It can be yours for a steal. Cut it in half, think up a cool name ( I like Stagger Inn), and be your own boss!!!As the choices are somewhat slim for Goodyear, we are stuck with what the Beer Gods give us.DCM
1	closed closed closed
