5	Hands-down THE best workout clothing I've ever tried in my life! I've tried many, many brands and these are the only ones that fit like a glove and still feel breathable, comfortable, and flattering! There are so many styles and choices plus the prices are not bad at all! I was actually on my way to Athleta to buy some workout clothing when I saw the store and decided to stop in. After I left I definitely did not need to go anywhere else! Such a cool store and all the gals were awesome! :)
5	Welcome! Always exciting to have a new place for great workout gear! Looking forward to getting fit with you guys! Love all the beautiful colors!
1	Horrible in so many ways! Real athletes beware of attraction to store with glorious colors!1. No refund policy that isn't clearly stated when spending $300+ on lounge wear! They offer in-store credits ONLY! Buyer beware. This tells me they only care about getting product out the door and not standing behind your satisfaction with their brand.Had I known this policy when I purchased, I NEVER would have shopped here. I wasn't in the mood to try the workout pants on and was NEVER told the no refund policy, and eventually when I did, they did not fit me well at all. I bought a size L, I am 5'7" and an athletic145 and they just didn't feel comfortable at all. Because of their no refund policy, I am out of luck. It isn't about just trying another color of pant, this is a fit issue that just didn't work for me. I ended up giving this $90 pair of workout pants to my 14 year daughter who is 5'7" and 108. They fit her well, but no 14 yr old needs a $90 pair of workout pants!! This also speaks to who their clientele is.2. The pants are NOT high quality. I washed them ONCE and the Lorna Jane logo on the bottom left leg of the pants was gone. Fell right off! They were washed on the "sport" cycle of my washer which is specifically for workout clothes. I dried them on a hanging rack. Also, now after 4 washed they have a funky wrinkle to them. My daughter says they just are not even comfortable for her when she does her workouts. She says they are fine for just "lounge" wear, but she won't ever be wearing them to workout in again. These clothes are just that, fun colored, very expensive lounge wear for very skinny tall girls.True athletes don't bother with spending your time in this store!In addition, LJ complained to Yelp about my bad review and tried to have it removed so you wouldn't know the truth!  What does that say about a company!
