5	A new Asian/Italian fusion that recently opened.  The shrimp fried rice reminded me of my beloved chinese spots back in NYC. They also  have real egg rolls which i am so happy about. I  had to get used to spring rolls when we relocated.  The menu is small but the main chinese/italian dishes,  china pasta:sausage, chicken with tomato based pasta;  Ying yang shrimp: 2 different flavored shrimp with veggies  and fried rice are the best. They also give you  italian bread and a small side salad. run don't walk if you are missing east coast chinese food!!!!!
5	This is the best Asian cuisine food in Las Vegas, hands down. The taste is authentic. They have real Lo mien, egg rolls ( Not spring rolls), Real stir fried rice. The food has so much flavor. I am really impressed by the fusion style approach to Asian/ Italian cooking. Check it out. Its one of my Favorite places to dine at.
2	I really hate giving honest reviews on new mom and pop type places but, at the same time it is important to pass along the message the way you feel it does not mess with the integrity of Yelp. Hopefuly maybe will cause the business to improve the food. With that said I have know about this place for about a month now since I get flyers on my apartment door and mailers. I also drive by it all the the time where it is located next to a Quizno's that has opened and closed twice. So, not a good sign on proper location. So I looked at the menu and it is a fusion restaurant of Italian and Chinese?? Kinda reminds of the joke restaurant of Mexican/Irish in the movie "Best Friends Girl" mmm not a great idea.. But, I wanted to try because the price were extremely cheap!So I came in to the restaurant and it was empty and I was not even sure if it was open until I looked in the window and saw people cooking. Everything on the menu is really cheap and nothing more than $6. The counter people were nice but, obviously still figuring out their job.So here is what I ordered1.Szechuan Angel ($5) Angel hair pasta with peanut sauce and chicken. That came with Pesto bread and Salad. Oh man.....I should have known better angel hair with peanut sauce not a good idea and it lacked a lot of flavor some weird textures with the chicken. I did not touch the salad cause I got so much food. The bread was burnt and super cold I took a couple bites and passed. The whole pasta meal was thrown away within 5 bites. 2. General Tsao Chicken wings ($3) you get 6 of them. Well these were a little better but not much. I ate 3 of the 6 , the sauce was bit different than I have had before and it had strange flavor that I think came from the actual chicken wing that I think might be from the oil that had a gasoline type flavor.It is was very small but not good.3. Pepperoni Sausage egg roll ($1) This was something that was a lot better except it was super cold and I had to warm up at home. ( I dont think think this place has anyway of keeping things warm when they makes things one at time)  But, anything in a egg roll wrap would be good but this was pretty decent and a good price.4. Firecracker Egg roll ($1) Probably my favorite item here and the funny thing I think this is more Mexi/ Chinese fusion than anything. It is an egg roll with Grilled chicken, Jalapenos and Cheese. This is very good and I should of got $12 of these and the price is very good5. The last thing I ordered was the Egg roll Canoli ($1) This was also very good. Just a basic canoli cream with chocolate chips piped into a formed egg roll shell. I really liked this and also a great price.Overall I paid $12.97 with tax so pretty cheap for that much food except I threw away more than half.  I would come back for the Egg rolls and deserts and I think they are on the money with those. They just might need to get a heat lamp.The fusion pasta needs to go and maybe they should focus on Chinese and have proper noodles to match the dishes. Obviously Vegas is flooded with chinese restaurants but this part of town is not. I will probably try them again just cause the prices are so good and the fried stuff is strong. But, I will stay away from the pasta dishes for sure.
5	I had the pasta china and a pepperoni and sausage egg roll which cost $5.41.  It a great value and the food was good,  I will go back as I would like to try everything on the menu.  If you want a 5 star dining experience this is not the place to go, if you good food for a great price then I highly recommend.
3	Interesting, new idea with the Italian/Chinese fusion. The flavors sometimes don't mix together that well though. I liked the location. It was kinda cute and very clean. The staff was very friendly. You get a lot of food for how cheap it is. I had the Szechuan Angel chicken with peanut butter, it came with a side of salad and basil pesto bread. I liked the fact that it had something healthy to the side compared to all the other restaurants. And all I could say about the taste was INTERESTING. I don't know, maybe I will go again and try somehting else on the menu. Until then, I think 3 stars describes it good.
2	It's cheap...VERY cheap so thats why I can see people loving this place.MAJOR  downer was they had NO high chairs...my one year old was stuck trying to sit in a booth (wasn't happening). The owners were super nice and the service was great but the food was what you pay for. It wasn't bad it wasn't great by any means but I love mom and pop places and I will be back to give it another shot...just not with my kids.
3	There are two reasons I bumped Pasta China from a 2 to a 3: cheap, and an attempt to provide some sort of healthy meal.  Will I return?  I'm not sure.  The food just wasn't all that great.  However, for the price (or any price), you can't really find healthy food anywhere.  Now, I am not a health nut, but I can appreciate the owner's philosophy of providing a well balanced meal.The place is nice inside.  It has a sort of Italian feel to it.  There are leather seats, along with tables and regular chairs.  The service was friendly and tentative.  They obviously have some repeat customers because the waitress knew at least two other patrons there by name.  The menu is mostly Chinese, with three Italian dishes thrown into the mix. I ordered the Scampi for $6!  Cheap!  It came pretty quickly, a plate full of food.  There were spaghetti noodles with a simple meat tomato sauce (probably a canned tomato sauce).  The noodles weren't quite done enough to make them perfect, but I'd rather have them that way then soggy.  Next to the spaghetti were the shrimp scampi, sauteed in olive oil, butter, and garlic.  They were just the little coiled shrimp, but were probably the tastiest portion of the meal.  The rest of the plate was covered with broccoli, which was a bit crunchy for my taste.  Squeezed in somehow was a simple lettuce with cheese and ranch dressing salad.  There was also a couple of slices of garlic bread that were quite tasty. Nothing was exceptional, but I dig the price and the effort made to serve something that doesn't completely cause heart attacks.  For that, these guys deserve an extra star.
5	My husband and I stopped for dinner tonight after several months of wondering as we drove past.  We were finally lured inside by the large window paintings advertising that all dinners were $4-6.  For $19.82, we got two appetizers, two entrees (which included a salad and 2 slices of pesto bread), two desserts and two drinks.  Everything was very good! The atmosphere, like the food, was a classy mix of Chinese and Italian.  The woman who served us was willing to make suggestions and took excellent care of us during the meal.We had the pepperoni and sausage eggroll (delicious and only $1!), the General Tsao's chicken wings (tasty, but not as good as the eggroll), the wonton marinara (really tasty, especially where it mixed with the sesame dressing from the salad), the Szechuan angel (which my husband ordered mild and enjoyed, though he thought the noodles had sat a smidge long), and two eggroll cannoli.  We originally ordered one cannoli, but by the time I'd finished my dinner, my husband, who hates cannoli, had eaten it, so I made him get another one.  I will seriously be ordering a dozen of these for any party I have in the near future.  They are delicious!We were, unfortunately, the only people there.  We need to stir up business or we're going to lose this excellent start up. One of the previous reviewers noted that there were no high chairs, but the food itself would be great for slightly older kids.
4	Has the pasta china lo mein dish very good flavors were balanced very well and the variety of meat was awesome.  Tried the pep/sausage egg roll not for me but the idea is great gonna create my own version of the roll. Gonna go back and try some other dishes.
3	Pasta China? As I was driving around with my family we noticed this restaurant, weird name so hey why not try it?When we walked in it was empty and had pictures of the food they serve on the walls. The lady that owns the place approached us with the menu's and explained to us a little about each dish. I decided to be original and ordered the fried rice. The shrimp fried rice was okay needed a little bit more flavor but wasn't bad for $4, I have to say that for it being $4 they were not shady with the shrimp. The chicken and shrimp puffs for $1 is worth trying. I also tried the honey cinnamon butterfly, which was good and a $1. If you're in the area and on a tight budget then yes I would say try this place out. You can pretty much feed your whole family about under $20!
5	I really dig this place.  This is my 3rd visit and have yet to be dissappointed.  For a bit over 6 bucks, I got chicken fried rice, sausage/pepperoni eggroll and a cannoli eggroll.  There was enough food for 2 meals but it was so good I could not stop eating.   I will definitely return.
5	The name could throw anyone off, but this place is fabulous!  It's not fancy, but it is super clean and the owners are great and cater to anything you want.  The pepperoni sausage egg rolls are now a staple in our diet :) And the cannoli are a must have! Definately a must try!!
5	Eat at Pasta China. I've come here twice now and both times the food has been amazing. The first time I got a pepperoni and cheese egg roll (think mini hot pocket) that ran me $1. I also got their signature dish called the "Pasta China" that is basically spaghetti noodle with Chinese sausage, chicken and beef all run together like a chow mein dish. The meal comes with a side salad and pesto garlic bread. The second time I got a szechuan dish that had angel hair pasta with szechuan beef and peanut sauce and included the two side items mentioned above. Both meals were awesome, and had great sized portions to match the high quality these people are putting out. The staff is also extremely attentive while you are eating your meal and acknowledge you when you walk in and exit.The best part? It's cheap. Like, really cheap. The entrees range from $4-$6, the side dishes are generally $1-$2 and the drinks are $1.25 (which they come around and refill.) Or you can just get water for free. Both times I ordered and entree, an egg roll and a drink and the total came to about $7.48 with tax. For the amount of food you get and for the unique experience of eating at an Italian-Chinese fusion restaurant, I can't recommend Pasta China more highly. If nothing else, at least go and try it out for yourself, it's worth the trip to North Vegas.
5	Good people,good food, good environment
4	SO the first try at this eatery didn't go so well and I am SO glad to say that the second attempt was FAB!!! My family and I went the other night when we just couldn't figure out what to eat for dinner.... for less than $30 we ordered pretty much the menu (seriously).  First we had dumplings and the tempura cauliflower along with pizza egg rolls. The dumplings were average but the dipping sauce for them was great! The cauliflower was DELICIOUS and I actually wanted to order more but I knew I had to pace myself! My husband and kiddos love the egg rolls and they were hot and fresh! We had a mix of meals from The Rustica, Chicken Marsala, and the Pasta China, additionally we had a side of egg fried rice...( I told you we ordered the menu) All of the meals were SO MUCH FOOD and SUPER CHEAP not to mention SUPER yummy!!!! I think this place is exceptional especially for the value! $5 for an ENTIRE MEAL!! Plus they give military members a discount and a free drink! Can't beat this place! Not to mention the owners were super sweet and attentive! I WILL BE RETURNING SOON!
4	Great mom and pop place. The service couldn't have been better!  The prices are great and the food is really good. The pepperoni and sausage egg rolls are great. This will definitely be a frequent location for us.
3	Pasta China immediately caught my eye the first time I drove past it.  The name tells you everything you need to know going into the place, it's a mixture of Italian and Chinese cuisines.  There a few Italian-only and Chinese-only dishes, and five fusion dishes.  All are priced between $4.00-$6.00, so no breaking the bank here.I wanted a little kick in my meal, so I went for the Szechuan Angel: angel hair pasta with chicken tossed in a spicy peanut sauce (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z57kLRRnYXcaIhFZnxNJCA?select=mOwNIOGbhJLhNgWX9NUVFQ).  My entree came with a side salad and two pieces of garlic bread.  The salad had an odd dressing that I couldn't quite place; some bites tasted of sesame, others of citrus or orange.  The garlic bread was good as it was also topped with pesto.The real downside to the Szechuan Angel dish is that it wasn't spicy at all.  That was the main reason I ordered it, so that was a bummer.  The peanut flavor was a lot more subtle than other peanut sauces I've had; this can be a good or bad thing depending on your palate.  I was fine with it, I just wished it were spicy.  The entree is a generous portion and decent deal at $5.00.Many of the sides are only $1.00, so I also ordered the Curry Beef Puffs (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z57kLRRnYXcaIhFZnxNJCA?select=gUUVV5Zuapt7sL3TXNHq5g).  The filling is ground beef cooked with a yellow curry.  I've never had ground beef with curry before, but it turns out better than you would think.  It would be better if there were a stronger curry flavor!Overall you're getting a well portioned meal for no more than $6.00, and sides are cheap enough where you can order one while still eating for less than $10.  I think the food is decent, but your mileage may vary depending on your expectations and palate.  I'll be back again to explore the rest of the menu!
5	The Sin City Partys crew went there for the first time the other day and it was great. The service was fantastic and the prices are unbeatable for the amount of food you get. They feature the traditional Chinese food along with fusion dishes that include an Italian flare. I say it's worth a try. I'm sure I will be back to try something new again.
2	umm in all reality i think the resturant is confused on what it wants to be when it grows up but when it does it should let me know and i might give it another shot...but if it stays the way it is i wouldnt waist my time...sams club is across the street and they have 1.50 for a hotdog meal....lol
4	The food was pretty good ... perfect if your on a budget..
5	This wonderful place shut their doors permanently, at the close of business on January 31, 2014, and no longer exists.I'll really miss them.  They were so wonderful...
4	WOW - I drove past this place sooo many times thinking - "pasta china - eeeew that sounds yucky!"But...I checked out the reviews on here and was intrigued to find some pretty good reviews...so I though hey what the heck.I ordered the pasta china and my husband ordered schezwan angel.  We also got the sausage and pepperoni egg roll the chicken shrimp puffs.  TONS OF FOOD all for under $13!!  As I am writing this my husband just said to me that he can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch tomorrow.The only drawback I saw was that the place seemed to be crawling with crazy children with their mom screaming at them....yeah I might make this a take out place ;)I would totally go here again and again!!
3	The only reason I stopped in was to try their beef curry puffs. When I got there, they no longer had it on the menu. The BF and I ended up getting the Pasta China, chicken/shrimp puff, and the fire cracker egg roll. Food was a little greasy, but OK. You get a lot of food for a decent price.
4	Off the beaten path, but if your in the area and want some chinese/Italian then jump in.  Was good
4	Super surprised, this place is actually really good! I love the service and it's mom and pop shop, decor needs help... But the food is really good, awesomely surprised... Feel free to try anything on the menu... I've tried mostly everything and never had a cold dish! Never had a bad taste either... But i like the china side more than the italian ... Hence the 4 stars... Wowed!
4	The women that work the front counter were SO nice. A lot of food for extremely cheap. They also gave us salads with our meals and drinks. Go hungry for sure!
4	awesome food for a cheap cheap price. Sweetest women ever work here
4	Our endless search for new lunch options around my workplace had us glaring over towards Pasta China on one of our many boring trips to the  Chipotle/Five Guys/Subway courtyard spot at Craig and Nellis. Im pleased we ventured over one day because this place is unique and definitely worth a shot. The fusion is all over the place and everything Ive ever had was quite good. The overall value is outstanding as the highest priced entree is $7. There are a few asian inspired pasta dishes and some primarily asian dishes with italian ingredients thrown in. I wouldn't call the food outstanding, rather very good and very generous portions too. There are a few very good vegetable based dishes that are pretty healthy and some real trainwreck of lovliness alfredo type stuff too. One of the tastiest things ever is a "Firecracker" roll- a regular eggroll wrapper, filled with chicken, jalapenos and some cream cheam type mixture and deep fried to delish perfection....I call it the worlds greatest jalapeno popper. It costs $1.50 hahaha- great value here. One warning- we've come in with large groups(eight or more) which slowed the service WAAAY down and also stressed the staff out to where we could hear some browbeating and yelling behind the counter-reminded me of the corporate management training scene from Gung- Ho. Anyay, try this place. It different and very inexpensive and most impotantly, interesting.
5	Excellent flavors and large portions.  Love it! !!
4	i walked in on my lunch break and had the whole place to myself. I ordered the pasta china and 2 shrimp puffs. I was shocked when my plate came out! the pasta china was so big i asked for box right away! it also came with a salad (very basic but had a lemony dressing that was good) and fried spring roll. Shrimp puffs were a good size and very tasty as well. All of this for 5.50! I will be returning on another lunch outting!!!
2	The had a few items on the menu that mixed together Italian and Chinese cuisine. Huge Portions, Very Nice People who own the place, and very cheap for what you get. With that being said. The food itself was average. I had the Angel Hair Pasta with black been sauce. Very thin noodles, with bell peppers, onions, and chicken. The flavor was very mild, nothing really stood out, but it filled me up. I also had the Crab rangoons, 4 very big rangoons, very little crab inside (imitation and a huge amount of cream cheese, I'd say it was overpowering. If you are looking for a place to eat, and low on cash this is a great place to go. without the rangoons, it was 5$ for a the meal. You also get a house salad and a veggie egg roll. A Much better option than going to a fast food burger joint.
4	Pasta China has recently won my heart.  In a town full of indulgence, I've realized this place is doing something different, something special even.  There is something old fashioned about this place, and it is something I am growing to appreciate more and more.  I recently had their signature dish, the Pasta China, off of their Fusion menu.  It is more of a chow mein with a little bit of an Italian flare.  I recommend it.  Now, you won't get anything fancy at Pasta China, nothing that is going to have amazing flavors that blow your mind.  You may even think some dishes are a little bland.  But for $4.50 you get a nice side salad, an egg role, and a HUGE plate of pasta that can easily last for two meals.  The reason for the perceived blandness is simple, they don't use MSG, food coloring, extra soy sauce, gobs of sugar, or salt.  Pasta China forgoes the cheap unhealthy extras that most restaurants shove down our throats.  Their food tastes old fashioned, and I like it.  Would I tell Yelpers across the valley to come travel to Pasta China?  No, but I can come to Pasta China on my work break, spend under $5 for a fast healthy meal that will last me two days.  I don't get a food coma or a sugar rush.  To top it off the service is full of smiles and friendly attentiveness.  Even the atmosphere of the interior is warm and friendly.  It feels like a mom and pop Greek cafe with big black leather couches and new clean decorations.  The owner obviously takes pride in her restaurant, and she takes pride in the healthy food she serves in a town full of unhealthy choices.
3	The Fam and I were out and about one day and we wanted to try something new. We came across Pasta China and figured, whats the worst that could happen? We were all rather surprised at how good a few of the dishes where. The one thing that was missing was spice. I enjoy spicy food and the dishes where lacking in the spice department. I would recommend Pasta China to anyone who is looking to try something truly unique. we will be back, but I hope they will bring "the heat."
4	Close to work so I end up eating here somewhat often. I like the food (for the price) and service is great. Its not exactly wonderful eating, but its extremely cheap and the staff is always friendly.
4	Interesting twist of pasta and Chinese. Little skeptical at first, but the reviews won me over. Have to say I was impressed, and look forward to returning soon
4	Second time eating here. Stopped on lunch break again not busy so plenty of time to eatI had the cashew chicken meal for 5 dollars and chicken/shrimp puffs for 1$. Total was 6.49$ for this I got a salad appetizer and huge meal....which I took over half home! I would have likes to see some veggies cooked in with the cashew chicken but it tasted excellent. Would recommend to anyone in a rush or wanting more for your money!
5	Amazing quality at an amazing price!
4	Went here for the first time when it was raining here in Las Vegas a few days ago. The place was empty and we were the only ones eating inside. Which I didn't mind only because it was raining hard! (a rarity for Las Vegas).We ordered the Pasta China and Shrimp Scampi. They give huge portions for the price and the food tasted great! And because we were the only customers inside, the 3 people that was working (pretty sure they were the owners and family) were super nice to us, and came by checking up on us with a smile. I love the concept of merging Italian food with Chinese, and it tastes very unique. They will definitely be seeing more of me from now on :)
5	Great food and get a lot for the money.
5	Food was awesome, service was great, prices were low and portions were big. The sausage and pepperoni egg rolls were fantastic. I can't recommend this place enough. First visit but it already made it to the top of my list. Loved it.
5	amazing food !! and a very good price ! love it here, best chinese place in vegas in a long time.
5	OMG....Get in your car and go now!!! I live close, and have seen the signage but was leery of trying Pasta China, untill I read the reviews. So I called my foodie friend, she picked me up and off we went!We sampled a LOT of food, lol. I think the waitress was concerned because we ordered so much.  But we are sample & doggie bag girls. We had 3 apps 3 dinners and 2 desserts....Rangoons sp? Holy cow! Even hubby liked them, and he is really picky.Potstickers,  very tastyFusion pizza eggroll, reeeeealy good!Garlic chicken alfredo, I liked it, wish there was more garlicCashew chicken, I liked it a lot, but had more sugar than I am comfortable with, I am diabetic.Fusion Pasta China.......TADA! Ya it was that good.Fusion Cannoli eggroll, WTH?   BEST  cannoli I have EVER eaten!Lemon bar, I did not care for it. I want LEMON, mouth pucker and all. But my friend really liked it.For all that, and we took 3 boxes and a baggie home, bill was under $30. I left $35 and the waitress tried to give me money back.  Oh no, we meant to leave that tip, it was that good...We will be back!FYI, friend said bathroom was clean. They have wifi, and they also have comfy couch seating at 2 tablesPs the menu has changed, i will take photos next time i go!
5	8/24/13Holy cow! Tried the Mongolian Beef and Orange Chicken and Chicken Salad....Uggg I could eat here everyday! Got the orange chicken sauce on the side, best chicken nuggets EVER! I do not understand how they can make onions and beef so tasty....and the salad, no sugar homemade dressing.Honestly if hubby was not such a picky eater I would go at least 4 times a week if not everyday! Yes I said EVERYDAY! Lol 7/12/13Went and got take out tonight. Got 3 different items. Firecracker eggroll: it was good, but I liked the pizza one better.Angel Pasta: Hubby liked it, I thought it was salty but I hate salt. He said he would eat it again.SZechwan? Angel: Ummmm hubby would not even try it because of what it looked like. I tried it, it was ok the first bite trying the sauce. Trying the noodles with the sauce the texture was like paste. I just ate the chicken, and called it a day.And I got the China Pasta, which hubby promptly stole the box and tried to run off with it. Still his fav!As always owners were super sweet! I took photos of the new menu. And they were out of the pepper zuccini again. LOL one day I will try it!
2	The good: Very unique - the Italian twist is pretty cool, and the pepperoni & sausage eggrolls were quite large for $1.50.  I ordered a #5 spicy broccoli beef and it was right on #5--not mild and not scorching.   The staff was super friendly, the food was prepared in a jiffy, and they got my order exactly right.The bad:  Nothing was even on par with average fast food Chinese you'd expect from a shopping mall.  Nothing was just disgusting, but nothing was good either. Even the crab Rangoon and rice wasn't on par with even the most basic Chinese restaurants.  The orange chicken looked nothing like the pictures on yelp or normal orange chicken, the sauce didn't even look remotely similar (not even close).  Also, you could tell they were buying the cheapest ingredients possible (the beef/chicken etc) to save money. Smaller portions and better ingredients are how you make money. The ugly:  The orange chicken was undercooked (still pink inside)... This is simply unacceptable at any modern restaurant except for steakhouses or sushi bars who clearly warn you. Simply Unacceptable.Maybe they owners yelped their own reviews or something, because I simply don't understand how this has the best ratings of any Chinese place around.
1	Sad to say this place has gone way down hill in the past several months. Grandpa is no longer the cook and they have downsized the staff. The new cook is awful and incredibly slow... I took a few friends after raving about it and I had to apologize to them after forcing them to go. To make matters worse, prices have gone up (though it is still very cheap)My wife's orange chicken was horrible and undercooked - pink with a bit of blood in the center. I was given the wrong food, and 2 people in our party did not receive their food until we had ours for 30 minutes. A quick, cheap lunch turned into a one and a half hour ordeal with crappy food. I felt bad complaining as the woman serving/taking orders was very embarrassed. They offered to make more food but at that point we were ready to leave...I'll miss how it used to be, but I wont be back.
5	We decided to try this place because of the great reviews on Yelp and they were right! The prices for the dishes are on average $5 and huge portions! I had the Emperor (Cashew chicken) and shrimp fried rice. Everything was delicious!! The staff was really friendly as well! Going back tonight!
1	So we got fooled by Yelp again. The idea of Chinese/Italian fusion never sounded appetizing until I read all of these (possibly fake?) rave reviews. We tried the Pasta China dish and the Szechuan Chicken pasta both off the fusion side of the menu. First, the plates put on the table looked nothing like the pictures here on Yelp. Besides that, the noddles were so overcooked and sticky you could lift everything off the plate in one lift of the fork. It was bad folks, I mean really bad. The Szechuan dish was basically noodles with peanut butter. The Pasta China was a terrible version of chow mein. I guess the only thing this place has going for it is the price. But is cheap food really worth a hour of your life and a lifetime of regret?
2	Ok soo I drive passed this place all the time, it's kind of hidden and really small. I saw a few mixed reviews so I decided to try it for my self and... I'm a lil disappointed, the lady was super sweet but the food was.. Mediocre. I ordered the Szechuan angel which says its tossed in a spicy peanut sauce but more so like covered in a peanut butter gravy.. If u loooove peanut butter u would looooove this dish!! I also had a pepperoni egg roll, which was pretty tasty.. I really think I just ordered the wrong meal..
4	They sure don't noodle around here. For around $5, you get a hefty meal good enough to feed a small village.At Pasta China, it's a step above the typical express Chinese restaurant, with a bit of an Italian twist. They have a separate menu for either Chinese and Italian, if you have a boat that floats toward any of those particular regions. If your boat goes nowhere, they have a fusion menu that combines the two elements.Food is pretty good for the low price you pay. I haven't had a dish that let me down. Though, I wouldn't walk into this place expecting fine dining for sophisticated palates. Also note that some of the dishes tend to be on the oily side.Service is very homely and family-oriented. I felt welcome the first moment I walked in, and am always checked up on to make sure I'm happy with my meal.
4	Driving through Vegas, my friends and I used Yelp to check this place out. It's the cheapest food around. $5 will feed a grown man twice. Quality is good, but nothing special. The food is more Italian. Pepperoni eggrolls were pretty darn great, but the other food we ordered was pretty average. The Szechuwan pasta was the only "Spicy" item on the menu, but wasn't spicy at all. The Pasta China and the Yin Yang were pretty spicy, though. It's just kind of a gross amount of food, so it's hard to take it all in.What was good was that they had a wonderful woman working that would periodically check on us and made sure that we liked the food. Also, she gave us hot chili oil, which made the food wayy better. I'm in between a 3 and a 4 star review, but just because the staff is so friendly, I'll round up. I think if I lose in Vegas next time I'm out, this is likely to be a stop on the way back (if I didn't lose my car in a bet)
5	Decent food for a very very reasonable price. Have been here several times and they staff is always friendly. Would recommend getting the cannoli for desert.
5	ACK! We tried twice last week, but both days they were closed! I just tried the phone number and its been disconnected!Noooooooooooooooooooo! I will not believe that my Pasta China is closed.... I posted on the Facebook page...praying it's vacation or something
1	Tried to stop in for lunch on Thursday and they were closed. It looks like the restaurant has been abandoned.  So sad! We will miss them and those tasty firecracker eggrolls!
4	Closed unfortunately..............I always thought the prices were too low and this may prove it
4	I visited this location last year with a friend while visiting Las Vegas.  We were hungry, and I discovered this restaurant on yelp because we were in the mood to eat out and spend a little more instead of buying and making out our own meals from a supermarket like we did previously.  The food was good, and portions were very generous considering the low prices.   I was surprised to feel full, especially since my peers consider me a big eater.  Others have said that the location is currently closed.  I hope not, because if I would gladly cheat off my Paleo diet for some grub if I ever ate there again.
