4	Currently, this Albertsons-Sav On location is completely brand new. Everything here is very neat and stocked, and they also have sanitary wipes for your carts and baskets (for some reason, many places in the bay area still do not have this... or maybe i just didnt notice them till now). It was also sort of bittersweet to be at an Albertsons again since thats the supermarket i grew up with, but for some reason is declining around the bay area.However, minus one star at this location because the placing and aisle designs are kind of weird.  In part of the store, the aisles are diagonal.. Also, the bread was no where near the bakery section, which would usually make sense.. So with the fact that I only had a few minutes to pick up what I needed (my boyfriend was freaking out and telling me we had 5 minutes to get to his parents house), of course I ran straight to the bakery section in hopes to find bagels for breakfast.  Unfortunately, the bread was nowhere near the bakery and I had to run all the way across the supermarket to get them.  (this next part doesn't have to do much with Albertson's, but it was quite funny)... my boyfriend and i picked up a bottle of wine while we were at the supermarket.  when we checked out, the cashier asked us for an ID and when my bf handed her the idea, she responded (in a sort of grandma voice) "Wow, you JUST turned 21.. My, that is sooooo special."   haha, it was the funniest thing ever.. i guess you had to hear her say it... it was kind of like when your grandma told you that you were special....
2	I just had an experience there last weekend that i would like to share.Although i shop the Albertsons near my house and am very happy overall with the stores in general. I happened to be on the south side of town what brought me to this particular  store. Compared to other of their stores this one seemed small and a bit unorganized. I suppose there could be several reasons for the unorganized look. Maybe that's their look. Who knows. At any rate i was shopping for water and a 12 pack of beer. I had no problem finding the beer of course, but when it came to the water i was lost.So after walking my 12 pack of PBR through the store  i found an employee and asked.She seemed very upset this employee that i had the nerve to ask her where the water was . Seems her "go backs" had priority over assisting me. So after she told me the water was located all the way at the end of the store next to the cheese i started thinking how funny it was her reaction to "can you tell me where the water is please ".So  Iwalked down a few isles and came back to her and asked her if she could show methis time, knowing very well what i was doing She threw a fit  , threw her " go back" items back in her cart sighed a huge sigh, walking past me to follow. I did. We to the water isle across from the cheese, (weird) she pointed and said "THERE!"; pointing and almost eating my head off at the same time. I found this very funny.Either way I'm sure she was just having a bad day  and wasn't aware of her behavior but it was defiantly entertaining for me. If ever I'm on that side of town and i need water i will defiantly go there and make sure to ask her to show me where the waters located.
5	We don't have Albertsons like this in San Diego.  Or not that I've seen.  It's usually the Ralphs or Vons that has a good selection or meats and seafood.  But this place had a pretty good counter of both, in addition to everything else.  I bought a few products to make dinner that I haven't seen in San Diego.  Plus it's HUGE.  I do agree that the layout was a bit weird.  I think it's because they try to fit everything into a grocery store.This is also not the most convenient location if you are staying anywhere near the strip.  I always stay at the Grandview at the south end of the strip, so it wasn't as bad a drive.
5	Living just around the corner, this is my go-to Albertsons. It's so clean and looks "high-end," but the prices are generally less expensive than Smith's. I'm a lady of libations, so I really appreciate this Albertsons wine, liquor and beer selection. I also love Albertsons deli area and selection of cheese. But, what I adore most about this particular Albertsons is the service. They never allow the lanes to get too long and always make the effort to open up a new lane, just to help checkout go faster. Plus, employees are always smiling and helpful. I don't know if they're pumping something in the air at this Albertsons, because I've not seen this same ambiance at every Albertsons in Las Vegas. I'm just grateful that my local Albertsons serves a little bit of happiness along with the groceries.
1	Alright, I HATE doing this but I must.  I don't know why, but almost every Albertson's I've ever shopped at has treated me unkindly and unfairly.  They must not weed through their staff nor review their policies very often or maybe they don't care to.  Well, just last week I had a woman who worked there follow me around the entire store just because I didn't have a basket!!  I noticed her and said "What are you doing?  I know you are following me and it's making me uncomfortable!" she stuttered out some lame excuse and walked off.  Then she came back with the manager who told me she thought she had seen me put something in my purse (which was wide open and empty).  The nerve of these people!  This is not the first offense and I WILL be contacting their corporate office, though I doubt that will do any good.  This chain is appalling!  Avoid, run from , drive away!
3	Spacious and clean with a decent variety of products. Although I was underwhelmed by their produce. Maybe I'm just spoiled. Extra points given for their attentive staff. While in self checkout, one of the cashiers ran over with a coupon for me. Super awesome!
4	There are a couple of grocery stores in my neighborhood but I seem to like this one the most. First, there's a starbucks inside (for one-stop shop)Second, they have friendly and helpful vege/produce peopleThird, I've collect almost enough stickers for the free small frying pan (lol)
4	Had to give some love to my local Albertsons, I've been in this place at least once a week for a few years, since moving to this neighborhood.Red box and water filling stations at front.Always clean and the employees are always friendly and helpful. It is smaller than some stores but their meats and produce sections are good and prices aren't too bad especially if you check out their sales.I don't use their Sav On so I can't comment on that.Also love that they will open more check out lines if there's more than a few people in line.
4	To be quite honest, I'm a Wal-Mart shopper and a devout regular of Greenland. I don't shop at Albertsons unless there's some type of extenuating circumstance that forces me here or I'm being incredibly lazy. (This location is literally at the edge of my neighborhood).FANCIER: One of the 'nicer' more 'upscale' Albertsons. The store is quite bright and has more of a Whole Foods feel in comparison to some of the other ones that still resemble Food4Less. The food variety is comparable to Albertsons in Summerlin. And lets be honest we all know the grocery stores in Summerlin get the fancy food varieties.HOLIDAYS: The one thing I love? OPEN ON HOLIDAYS! I always need to go to the grocery store on Thanksgiving, Christmas, & New Years. I'm not sure if they're 24 hours on these days but they're definitely open later than most places. Went to Albertsons on Christmas at 6pm and they were still open. Went on NYE at 10pm-ish and STILL OPEN.BOOZE: They've got a huge beer selection most/all of which is in coolers. Huge wine selection. A medium-sized selection of chilled wines too. And liquor. They're always fully stocked with Crown, Crown Black, and Crown Special Reserve. Did I mention I like Crown?PRICES: Definitely higher than Wal-Mart.
5	Walked in here today and was immediately filled with joy. Everything in this particular Albertson's is so neat and organized, and, almost kind of fancy-feeling. As far as Alberston's go, this one is maybe the nicest one I've been in. Big fan and will go out of my way to come to a nicer grocery store.
4	Great selection, clean store and friendly staff.  I am actually able to find my items quickly as the store is well organized.  Line could be quicker but they aren't terrible, if a line gets too long, they typically open another register.
4	I love how it's open 24 hours so I can do my shopping at 3 am.
5	I have shopped at various grocery stores throughout the Southwest area of Las Vegas and I can't believe I just started going to Albertsons 2 weeks ago...I save more money than going to Walmart, for one.Two, the produce here is OUTSTANDING! Beyond outstanding, impressive. The guy who works in the produce department, Mike, is phenomenal. He'll drop what he's doing and walk you over to what you're looking for (if you're not a regular here, like me). He was very humble when I told him how awesome of a job he is doing. I actually met his manager upon checkout and I gave him accolades. I never do this! That's how impressed I was.Three, the entire staff is super friendly. I felt like I was back in Texas! lol The employees would be stocking shelves or moving stuff around, and they actually said excuse me and i'm sorry.
5	This Albertsons makes fresh BBQ ribs and tri tip in front of their store on the weekends. These ribs are some of the best I have ever had. At $7.00 a slab, how can you go wrong. I probably buy them way to often, but cannot help myself. I got them for my Super Bowl party for the last couple of years and my guests love them. There are never any leftovers. The gentleman from the produce/deli department that makes them is extremely nice. I Look forwarded to theses ribs whenever I can get them. Yum!
3	Dear Albertson's on Rainbow at Warm Springs.Your people are friendly up front. Your store is a clean, cool environment. You stock Kale (but charge $2 per bundle instead of $2 per pound), and you try to stock fresh broccoli for a reasonable price ($1.69 per pound for crowns). You have really good butcher meat deals and once in a while sales on other goods are Fair. Your produce is overpriced but good. But, listen, and I mean this with all my heart...your alcohol prices suck. Your deli prices suck. Your bakery prices and quality both suck.Albertson's, I appreciate you are trying hard, but your prices in general just plain suck. I like you, Albertson's. I like your people. But honestly, I have to repeat myself so you get it: your prices suck.What did I buy in your store besides Starbucks? Apples and bananas and maybe juice. You put Red Hook pint bottles on sale for $1.99 each ... And stocked 6 bottles per day at that price.That sucked.
4	I am updating my review to 4-stars ("Yay! I'm a fan.") for the following reasons:*) No more loyalty cards. All special pricing will be given regardless of whether you have a loyalty card or not. Finally, some common sense!*) Self-service checkouts are always in good shape and popular, and there are enough full-service cashiers on hand to handle demand.*) I have spoken with enough employees at this store to make me convinced the corporate culture at Albertson's has been recently amended to include a mandate to employees something to the effect of "Get to know your customers and be real about it...and be friendly!" because I feel like I'm a community member at this store now...not just a customer.*) I have seen a significant level of increased staffing (which is a double-edged sword...cost vs. profit etc) but any store willing to increase staffing and encourage community rebuilding earns my business, and Albertsons is doing just that...earning my business. I know it's a faith-based proposition similar to the Kevin Costner epic "Field Of Dreams" where the mantra was "If You Build It They Will Come", and increasing staffing is a risk in any business. I personally like to reward risk-taking by businesses especially if it means lower prices to me, and I will let my patronage speak for itself.*) Prices are getting ever-so-slightly more competitive... and that's worth its weight in gold to me as I am a value shopper. I was very hesitant at first about beer and alcohol prices and generally "full-price" they are high, but when on special you can get some almost-reasonable prices on beer and alcohol.*) Produce section is still being maintained at a high level, and though prices are significantly higher than the non-union grocery outlets, I feel it is worthy of mentioning that I admire the produce section. Hey, store manager, keep the wheatgrass if you can afford it. It's a nice touch. I'll buy it if you have it. And the kale. And the gala apples. Bananas are competitively priced (usually like fifty-nine cents a pound). Yeah, I'm liking the produce section.*) Service deli is looking more attractive too, though when I say that I mean 2-drink attractive instead of 3-drink attractive. 8-piece chicken (fried or grilled) $6 is acceptable. "Signature" brand  $8 per pound of roast beef is (*sigh*) better than nothing.... grr. I get it, you need to break even. "Signature" brand is cheaper than Boar's Head but that's like saying "I'll cheat on my husband which is cheaper than getting divorced". And you're like "Huh?!". Think about it. The value equation is the most important aspect of running a consumer non-cyclicals business (aka 'duh grocery store") and the facts are clear: lower prices to reasonable levels and consumers will choose you over competitors with perceived higher prices because you give a better "deal". $11 per pound for roast beef that used to cost $3 a pound on sale is absurd. I'll remain positive in this update and allow my patronage to speak for itself. I hope this Albertsons becomes more successful and helps to stabilize the community in the direction this store is currently taking. Thank you, Albertsons.p.s. I really dig the fact your store employees take the time to talk to me! That really means a lot. And the environment is good (temperature, air flow, music, etc). Starbucks is a +++. It's a nice touch to have a group outside the store exit manning the barbecue, though not my thing it definitely contributes to the community! Keep up the good work, Store Manager! And you know what would really drive sales and profit, Store Manager? A ---salad bar--- to compliment your ---wings bar--- and your ----olive bar---. Just something to think about.
4	I don't usually review supermarkets. I write this because I thought it was worth noting that upon my last visit here to pick up some food on the way to a friend's 4th of July BBQ. I was informed at the register by the cashier that Albertson's has gotten rid of the loyalty card. Instead all advertised discounts are now automatically applied to all customers upon checkout now. Thought that was very cool and more convenient for everyone.No complaints of the store itself. Pretty clean and got the service I needed.
3	meehhh its a grocery store right near my house. I come here because it is convenient. I prefer to go to trader joe's and whole foods.
4	So I normally wouldn't review a grocery store, but I just had to do one for this store! I visit cefiore often and one weekend I noticed Albertson's employees were bbq'ing outside of their store. My friend and I decided to check it out and wow their prices are awesome! A full rack of ribs is $10 bucks flat and for half a chicken its $4. I mean how can you beat that?! Just make sure you bring cash!!!
3	Prices (especially for beer) are very volatile. Beer, Fat Tire for example, one week a six-pack can be bought for just under $6 (in my view still too expensive) and yet the next week later costs almost $11 (twice what it did before). Deli meats, cheeses and service deli are pretty good but again too expensive. Fresh and packaged meats (steaks, seafood, marinates) are on special all the time and quality is good which is why this update is 3-stars. The competition is still available, they haven't been run out of business, and there are alternatives to both Albertsons and the competition... It's not like this is the only grocery store chain in the city... Just saying...
4	I'm not a frequent shopper here but when I do stop by the store is always clean, the bakery smells yummy and their fried chicken dinner and caesar chicken salad is to die for!
4	I shop here all the time for all my grocery needs, they always have fresh meats and produce unlike some of the competitors in the neighborhood. I often visit these others stores just to make sure I'm getting awesome deals, and trust me going to Albertsons you are.. I bought some steaks at a store just down the street who IS a major competitor and boy was I in for a world or hurt, the quality of the meat way something out of a elementary lunch line, just horrible.They usually have great deals here on meats and seafood not to mention some of the cheapest alcohol in town, at varying times of course. I will continue to shop here just for that reason alone. 4/5 stars cause sometimes the customer service can be a bit sluggish and not knowledgeable. Cheers and happy shopping!
1	Joy, a pharmacy technician, is not helpful and does not believe in customer service! There is no need to be mean, ma'am!!
2	I've been going to this Albertsons since it opened, mostly because it's only a block from my house. The checkers are nice enough, and the baggers are even more friendly. Prices are just okay, along with the selection.The big issue now is they just recently REMOVED the self check out lanes! I asked the clerk what was the deal and all she said was "we are going back to the old fashion way". Most places are adding self check out. If the check out times increase, I may stop going to this store.If a grocery store can't handle self check out lanes, then they need to be out of business.
1	I used to love this store. No longer, now that they have removed the self checkout aisles.If you are going to remove the self checkout registers, you better have more than two cashiers. I visit this store on my lunch break and do not have time to wait in a line that's 6 people deep. I will be going to Smith's from now on.
5	I cannot believe people are upset because they got rid of the self-checkout lines.  They are useless and they cost people jobs.  I applaud this location for doing so.  I used to shop at Smith's mostly.  However, Albertson's also discontinued their loyalty cards, which is another big plus.  In doing so, they also have lowered most of their prices.  The staff is always polite, nice and attentive at this location.  And the meat/seafood counters always look amazing.  The store is also normally very clean and well-stocked.
1	Albertson's has always been my preferred grocery store to shop at. This particular location has a nice, larger layout. It's also more modern and updated than most locations. Too bad most of the employees here are awful. I keep coming here because it's around the corner from my house and every time I wonder why I come back. I've found expired milk and deli products. The flowers are usually dead. Employees stand around on the sales floor and talk or even better, are talking in the back in the meat department where I can see them through the glass window while I stand there (for a long while) waiting for service. The checkers are slow and often rude, while the baggers will throw items together without any care or thought. I'd definitely recommend going elsewhere unless you're in a pinch.
5	Great customer service there, if you forgot your receipt to return a item, they will look up your receipt and refund you the return. You can pay your bills there too, at the customer service area. Nice place to shop. Save your receipt if you go to the Goodwill Store across the street, as Goodwill will give you 25% off on special days with an Albertson receipt. Be sure to look over their clearance items racks located in the back of the store by the bathrooms.
