4	[This is part of a set of reviews covering establishments my family and I encountered while taking a road trip to Cincinnati.]I'm finally getting to the final few reviews from my trip more than two months ago.  I guess I could have scrapped these last few, but that's not what Yelpers do.  Is it!?This was your typical Courtyard by Marriot.  Clean, well-run, friendly staff.  They have a good-sized pool and a big, comfortable lobby.  There were quite a few people checking in at the same time I was (the young lady at the front desk seemed a bit frazzled, but still very professional) and I was surprised how much room there was given the limited space they had cordoned off for registration.I would complain about the fact that there were only two elevators at either end of the hotel, but for this size hotel it didn't make sense to add more.  It gave the feeling that we were waiting a long time because we had only one option, but that was probably just skewed because of my impatience of wanting to get to where I was going that night.  I did take the stairs a few times when I didn't want to wait and going up and down to the third floor was surprisingly un-strenuous.  They had enough room that the staircase was very shallow.  Actually, a very unusual setup.I was a little disappointed in the morning when we were trying to get breakfast.  Like the first Marriot we stayed on the outbound part of our trip, there were waffle makers, but these weren't self-serve.  There was an area for a "chef" to make you eggs/omelette, but there was no one manning the station.  Granted, it was early.  But still.  If you're going to have a station like that, shouldn't there be *someone* there?Even with that, we had a nice stay.  Comfortable and restful before the drive home.
4	The courtyard Madison is pretty good. I've been staying here for weeks on a project so I can say it's pretty comfortable and very clean. I prefer the other Harriot brands like the Fairfield to the courtyards because you usually get a free breakfast and some of the courtyards are pretty shabby. This one is nice tho, it's been kept up to date and a recently opened gym is a nice addition. The staff is quite nice and they have a bar, if meeting other middle aged business travelers is your thing (I prefer Le Tigre).  Oh, they do have the slowest elevators in the world.
5	Sometimes you want to goWhere everybody knows your name,and they're always glad you came.Every time I come here ...  that Cheers song comes to my head  ... I've been coming here for about a year and half and have NEVER EVER had a problem, the rooms are clean and the staff knows you here. They are all friendly... The hotel has just been redone so it looks better than it did before
5	Clean, nice rooms, great breakfast cafe in lobby, nice looking pool and gym. About 15 minutes from downtown Madison.
4	Pros: Good  clean roomsNice lounge inside and out, fire pit awesomeStarbucks and breakfast, service friendly and fastfriendly front desk greeters very accommodatingCons:Hear noise levels of the highway in roomPrices of food is a bit steepFinal word: I'll go back and stay here when I'm visiting.
4	1) So quiet. If you like privacy to do some business work, etc. this is the place for you.2) My room was by the interstate. I had no idea until I opened the window. Again, quiet.3) Super friendly staff members, esp Kayla. This is the kind of place where they remember who you are and what room you are staying in. Awesome touch.4) Lots of people in the workout room in the winter. Treadmill was down one night, but up again and running the next. Great job.5) Overall, just a quality Marriott that is a little less "popular" and "busy" than maybe some others because it's on the outer edge of town. So decent prices and peace and quiet (did I mention that?) 6) I'm probably coming back.
5	Simply the best! Kayla, Angie and the entire staff always offer excellent customer service. As a business traveler, this is my favorite to stay at. The rooms are clean, quiet and up to date. The lobby area is inviting and fun place to work and have a drink after a long day!
5	we love this place!  it's our "go-to" in Madison.  ALWAYS very very very clean, the staff is extremely friendly, and the rooms are modern and comfortable.  the rates are very reasonable, borderline cheap, and it is only about a ten minute drive from downtown.
3	nothing fancy, but reliable and clean!  The service was fine (didn't blow us away, but wasn't bad).  The view isn't so great, but that's not Marriot's fault, obviously.  It was a big bummer that there was NO dining on-site (except for early morning hours - which we did not go to).  Would have been GREAT to have room service available.  : /  The "market" (think seven eleven) was just fine.  Although, since there was no other food source on-site (again, excluding the early breakfast option), I would have loved to see more variety/options in the "market" area.  As we were checking out we asked (multiple Associates) about their rewards program and finally got some info.  It was not readily available, and many staff members didn't know anything about it.  I thought that was pretty odd.  If I was in a pinch, I'd stay here again.
4	Clean newer property on Madison's east side with big rooms and great pillows (5) on each of the two queen beds in our room.  The furnishings are new and stylish and they have a large well appointed lobby where their "cafe" is open in the evenings at 5 so you can buy a drink or get something to eat. They also offer breakfast (not included in the room rate).We stayed in 415-on the top floor and booked the room the same day (don't try this on football weekends!). I don't think it was a very full house so things were on the quiet side which was nice after a long harrowing day driving in the snow.  Bathroom features a shower tub and stool in a larger space. Sink is located outside bathroom door in the room. Room also featured a small refrigerator and a work desk.All in all a comfy spot to spend the night.
4	I'm impressed that such a high caliber Courtyard line is available on the far east edge of Madison. It looks really new and modern.The rooms were spacious and beds were very comfortable. Some rooms come with a private whirlpool. There is also a legit exercise room, a public pool and jacuzzi, a convenience store, and a Starbucks within this Courtyard. Customer service is great, and prices are reasonable. However, parking seems to be a problem at night. I guess the Courtyard Madison East is quite a popular hotel.
4	This place is what I expect from a Marriott. The staff is friendly, the rooms are up to date, and the stay was perfect. To start with, I had a king room with a pull out couch. The TV location makes it so it is better to watch TV from the couch, but it does pull out if you want to watch from bed. There is also a small fridge, desk, and coffee maker. The bed is very comfortable being not too soft, not too hard, but just right. I also checked out the gym which has 2 treadmills, elliptical, and stationary bike. They also have some free weights and a water fountain. The nice this is each TV has its own TV with a full breadth of channels. There is also a moderate size pool that was tempting to jump in. The most unique thing about the hotel is that there are two separate elevators, one for each side of the building. Smart idea. Overall nice hotel that is up to date and has multiple amenities. Good choice while staying in east Madison.
