4	I just got done eating dinner there, and I had to hurry to my computer and write a review. What a cool neighborhood bar kinda place -- with pool -- and food! Good food, at that. Well, I can only vouch for the burgers and fries.There is LOTS of wood panelling in there, and portraits of some old white guys, and neon beer signs aplenty. The interior consists of plain booths, grey linoleum floors, and a nice worn-in bar. It's divided into two rooms. I didn't go into the second, but I could here the satisfying clink of billiard balls emanating from it.The crowd seemed full of regulars. The bartender and other patrons often shouted hellos and goodbyes to people coming in and going out. But they were not unfriendly or cliquish.When we sat down, we found one laminated menu our booth. So hopefully your dining companion is a fast reader.  Luckily, it's fairly short. It's basically burgers, and a few other things you can serve on a bun, fried and fresh sides, and drinks. If you are a beer snob, this place is not for you. In addition to Coors and the like, you can also get some "old school" specials, such as PBR, Schlitz, and Miller High Life (at a mere $2 a pop!). I am happy to say that they have expanded their selection since they posted their menu online. The wine list now includes actual wines.We ordered a couple of cheeseburgers, the "pounder" of beer-battered fries, and some sodas. After receiving our drinks, we could hear the lovely sizzle of the flat top grill. Our burgers came out a few minutes later.Though served on a too-small plate, those burgers looked mighty fine. For some reason (maybe because I'm female?) only mine was cut in half. We also got a plastic beer pitcher filled with fries.My burger had a nice crisp outside, and was medium rare inside. They hadn't asked how we wanted them cooked. Good thing I like medium rare. It was topped with actual cheddar cheese, a lot of onions, lettuce and tomato, and was served on a light but durable bun. I think it may have been some kind of egg bread. The meat itself was juicy, and full of flavor. Surprisingly, it didn't have an actual winey flavor. Apparently they use sangria. It lent flavor, but didn't distract.It didn't take long for us to kill our burgers and a pound of fries. When the bill came, it totalled just over $20. What a steal!
5	Best greasy cheeseburger in Phoenix, coldest draft beer, and great beer-battered french fries....what more can you ask for in a local tavern??  Do yourself a favor head to the Westside and try one of the best burgers in town!
4	This place has been around forever, I have lived in PHX all my life and yesterday was the first time I have eaten here.My husband and our friend drove over yesterday. We were in the need of good food and beer and we got just that at the Wineburger.I realize they are known for their burgers, but when I saw they had pork tenderloin on the menu I had to have it. The boys ordered burgers and we split an order of onion scoops and fried zucchini. The onion scoops were awesome! They are fried onion petals and in the breading are bits of red pepper. After a while the onion scoops get a tad spicy, but they are tasty.They have a decent selection of beer by the bottle, but if you get a pitcher you are limited to Molson or Coors. The pork tenderloin sandwich was good, but a bit of a disappointment. My family is from the midwest and I know good tenderloin and the Wineburgers is just ok. They put cheese on it which was good, but kind of weird too because I'm used to my tenderloin with basic mustard and onion.My husband and our friend said the burgers were tasty. Next time I'll have to try one.On this particular day the service was pretty slow, but it was very friendly. I think they may have been a little under staffed and that is understandable.The prices are pretty reasonable. For two burgers, one tenderloin, two appetizers and two pitchers of beer the total was less than $40. Not too bad because we left very full and a tad tipsy.All in all I dig the Wineburger. It reminds me of a bar in the midwest. I felt totally comfortable here. Since I live pretty much within walking distance I will definitely be back.
5	ARE YOU KIDDING ME, BEER BATTERED FRIES!?This is exactly what Delux would look like if it were owned by Nascar fans and not by Tennis fans.  While the big 'D' had some epic sweet pot fries the reg-shwag-reggie-dime bag fries are seriously lacking compared to the crispy beer battered godliness that is the fries of Wineburger.  The WB is one of the most relaxing, down to earth places to have a quiet lunch, you will feel like you are eating in your own living room. There is plenty of beer, including the gold standard PBR, nothing compliments a million calorie meal like a ice cold $1 Pabst. True to name the incredible burgers are cooked perfectly in red wine and served on a crispy on the outside fluffy on the inside bun. It helped that this was right near my old house but even if it wasn't i would have traveled far and wide for Wineburger's fries and beefy goodness. Also they have a full service bar, pool, and darts... good stuff.
3	I guess I'll have to give this place another shot, because I can't say it knocked my socks off. It didn't really impress me as much as I anticipated but I may have been distracted with figuring out how to assemble a new wire shelf from Target, or those thoughts of putting order into the spare room. Whatever the situation, I have to say my burger was okay, at best. Perhaps because I tend to eat my meat more on the raw side?Wineburger is a bar, to me, above being a restaurant. And that's okay! There is a nice--albeit limited--beer on tap selection. The grill is right behind the bar so you can watch your burger being cooked, which is nice. But my burger was cooked until it was crispy. Huh?Something came up partway through my lunch and I took half my burger home. It didn't heat up well. So, I'll have to go back and be certain to have them cook my burger a bit less, and order some of these tasty-sounding sides. It's very likely I will be changing my rating based on that experience.
2	Burger was good. Be careful during peak hours. Very little service during the lunch hour as the staff looked very frustrated. 30 min for a burger to hit the table may be a little long but being ridiculed over medium vs well done probably not necessary. In their defense it looked like someone new was being trained on the flat top. They do ask how you would like it cooked. Probably not a good move in that fast pace for 5 bucks. Just cook it and serve it and avoid the problems. As I asked why it was well versus the medium I had ordered, it visually upset the larger bald gentlemen bringing our food. Looks like more of a drinking location, and then rifle down the burger when time is a non- issue. The comments said to the cook who is visable in the restaurant about me I will not repeat.
4	I liked this place because of its simplicity and of course because the food was pretty good.  It was a seat yourself kind of deal and we found ourselves an empty booth and only waited a couple minutes before the lone waitress came over and handed us menus and took our drink order.  After some deliberating I went with the Original Wineburger with American Cheese and Bacon.  We also ordered the "Pounder of Fries".  It took a little longer than I thought it should have for just burgers and fries, but I was in a good mood so I didn't let it bother me.  Our fries came out in a huge mound in a basket and they were soooooo good!  They were incredibly crispy on the outside but nice and soft and fluffy on the inside.  They were really good.  The burgers came out on really small plates which I found humorous but I expected it after reading the other reviews.  My burger was perfectly cooked and the bacon was thick and delicious.  None of this was greasy.  I really liked this place and I love that it cost under 20 bucks for our meal.  Great place that feels comfortable to eat in.  I do have to mention though, if you have seen "True Blood" this place will totally remind you of Merlotte's.
4	This place really hits the spot.  It's everything a hamburger place should be and nothing it shouldn't.  Their burgers are good-sized and delicious.  I attribute their scrumptiousness to the bread in the buns, but their meat is phenomenal as well; add some cheese and green chiles, and it's like a bunch of awesome ingredients decided to get together to take part in creating one of the best burgers in town with a little help from the grill.  The fries are effing good too.The pitchers of beer are cheap and cold, and if you want to feed your inner hipster they also have bottles of PBR and cans of Schlitz.  Not a lot to feast the eyes on - the place has a real old-school "bar" feel - but the food compensates for what it may lack in elegance.
5	IHEARTTHEORIGINALWINEBURGER!!!!!!!!!!Love this place! Their french fries are beyond amazing and the onion scoops with the pepper flakes in the beer batter ROCK! Here is THE ONLY way to order a Wineburger! 2 slices of American + 1 slice of swiss + Grilled Onions + Mayo + Lettuce + Pickles on the side = MOUTHGASAM! So Yum!
4	There's nothing like a giant burger served on a tiny plate!I hit the Original Wineburger for lunch with a buddy on his recommendation.  The place is a total dive and looks more like a crappy dive bar than a burger joint.  We walked in and found a seat in the back room which was furnished with dart boards and a single pool table that had seen better days.We ordered a pitcher of beer and the Jalapeno "bottle caps", beer battered-deep fried slices of jalapeno goodness.  The menu offers a few different sizes of burgers including The Super (2/3 lb.) and the Angasaurus Rex (1 1/3 lb.!) but we went for the classic  1/2 lb. Black Angus Original Wineburger with a side of Onion "scoops".  The Scoops are awesome little beer battered-deep fried onion slices and are better than any onion rings I've ever had.  I ordered my Wineburger with swiss cheese, green chilis and bacon and it did not disappoint.  The meat was tasty and tender, the bun was buttery and soft and everything came together beautifully.This is definitely a place you would drive by without noticing, or even avoid if you saw it from the outside.  But inside, it holds a wonderful menu of tasty goodness and I can't wait to go back and try something from the "Chili Section" of the menu!
5	If I could eat here every day I would. The staff is great, The food is good, The soda fountain has Mt. Dew. This is what a burger joint should be.
5	Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah We went to the Winey last night AND they added WET FRIES to the menu! (well its not technically on the menu yet, but there are little signs telling you to try them) SUPER TASTY! The gravy was a little on the thin side for my liking, but it was realllly flavorful anyway. Totally a must order when we go back!
5	Just got back from a great lunch! I got the 1/3 lb. burger with cheddar and bacon. Overall, it was a little greasy but nothing less can be expected from a great burger place. The bun was delicious and the burgers were obviously hand-formed, high quality meat with a tangy taste derived from the wine. I also ordered a side of beer-battered fries with home-made ranch and they were delicious! Very crunchy with a nice layer of batter and the ranch was just the right amount of tart and spice. Service was prompt and the food came out quickly. You can see where the burgers are made and cooked. They also had Big Sky I.P.A. from Montana on tap.Would definitely recommend this place for a quick, tasty lunch or dinner.
4	Cheesy, beefy, greasy GREATNESS.   The burgers are made as you watch..  Sit at the bar and watch the grill cook (who also is the server, bartender, and cashier)  grab a nice fat ball of ground and pound it out on the grill to make your one of a kind patty.  NEXT comes the wine onto the grill and the patty... which gives the place it's name.  Finish it off with a fat layers of veggis.Pair this with some jalapeno bottle caps and a pint of draft, and your in BUSINESS!!!Don't mind the dingy early 70s decor....it is character.The only negative...you will be jogging for weeks to drop those calories...a very guilty pleasure.
4	Burgers have taken on a highfalutin, gourmet attitude, but there are still a few places that make just a regular hamburger, albeit some with hole-in-the-wall status. Open since 1965, The Original Wineburger in Phoenix hits high marks when it comes dive hangouts, but most of all, they make one killer burger.Walking into Wineburger, you'll feel as if you've been transported to another place and time, and this is a good thing. Surrounded by wood paneling, Formica-topped tables and the glow of neon beer signs, the atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed. Diners seat themselves in either the main bar area or the game area.A burger joint doesn't bring visions of healthy light snack and salads; let's face it, you're here to eat thick slabs of meat and fried accompaniments. So it's no surprise the menu is full of fried delights, like the tasty Mini Corn Dogs ($4.75), finger-sized corn dogs that were fresh and hot.I also enjoyed the Cheddar Pints ($5), battered cheese curds deep fried to a golden brown perfection, a Wisconsin favorite.When it comes to burgers, the Original Wineburger's fanciest ingredient is a splash of sangria to help enhance the beef's natural flavor and juiciness. The Original Wineburger ($5.75), one-third pound of certified Angus Beef, was cooked perfectly medium and oozing with cheddar cheese. Each juicy bite was hinted with wine, which gave the burger a slightly sweet edge.The Super Wineburger ($8.75) is a two-third pound version of the original, though after a few bites I realized that they forgot to use wine on this one. The bacon I added to my burger provided a fair amount of porky smokiness.What's a tasty burger without a tasty beer? Complimenting the salty beefiness, Moose Drool Brown Ale ($3.50) was ice cold and had a sweet malty flavor. Surprisingly light for a brown ale, it was a pleasure drinking. While the Trout Slayer Filtered Wheat Beer ($3.50) was slightly bitter at first, it mellowed into a sweet smoothness that sort of reminded me of an apple.When it comes to burgers, simplicity is king -- it's still just two pieces of bread and a ground meat patty.
4	Someone called this a "hole in the wall". I would call it a bar. Still, the burger and fries were good. Next time I'm in Phoenix, I will have a beer with my meal.So how do you decide if something is a restaurant or a bar? This place had a bar, for sure, and beers on tap and probably the mixed drinks, but it also had a menu. Not a full, hundreds of items menu. Mostly in the burgers and fries area (from what I recall). Still, the burger was pretty good.
4	I stopped by for lunch with my wife last Tuesday, and I have to tell you all about how pleasantly surprised we were.  The kid behind the counter cooked our burgers to perfection, and the wings were some of the best I've ever had.  Our waitress (sorry I can't remember her name) was sweet, and made the overall great lunch and even better experience.  So if you're in the mood for a great burger or some quality wings, check this place out.
4	Delicious place! A restaurant will always win my heart if they carry a veggie burger option. The burger was tasty, the fries FANTASTIC and the staff were all very friendly. I'm not much of a beer drinker so had a soda and it was HUGE.
3	My husband and I stopped by this joint after attempting to eat at another joint that was closed on Mondays. We sat in a well-worn booth and had of course a wineburger and some sides.The burgers are decent. I would recommend leaving the toppings off so you can actually taste the burger. The burger had a great taste that you can only get from wine. The onion scoops were pretty good and they had an extra kick since the batter contains red chili flakes. They were $4 but I guess since the basic burger is around $5.75, that is not too bad, The deep fried pickles were good, no chili flakes in the batter which I'm not sure would enhance their flavor. The place is kind of a dive but the food is good. For 2 burgers, onion scoops, fried pickles and 1 beer it cost us around $31 (includes tax and generous tip).
4	Well call me biased since I literally live within feet of this place... but we love it. Its a delicious and greasy and a dive and its everything a burger joint should be. Cheap eats... and they've recently added more items to their menu. I love their fried pickles- they're spears not chips. If your a pickle fan they will change your life. My husband loves their cheese bottle caps. Turkey burgers are great... wings are great... you really can't go wrong. The original wineburger is probably my fav. (Meat is basted in Sangria- thus the name.) The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 is because of the wait staff. Every time you go its something different. They won't split checks- then they will... they charge for extra ranch- then they don't. Usually depends on the waiter (ask for Doug). But if you're craving a burger then Wineburger holds the standard.
1	The first time I went there and sat at the counter for 5 minutes, they just stared at me and would not come up and take my order.  The second time I went there I brought a young lady with me and we sat at a table.  While we were being served, my date became upset because the owner or manager (an older man) was making loud racial jokes and kept looking over at us.  I've never been back there again, and when I mentioned it to a friend of mine, he said he got the same treatment and will never go there again.
4	My buddy Jeff and I were bike riding last Sunday and decided to make half way stop here.  I have never been here before.  The people inside were friendly and the atmosphere had a "Cheers-esq" feel to it.  We were waited upon quickly and my ice tea arrived in an instant.  I was pleased with the service overall.The burger was sensational.  It may have actually been the best burger that I have had since living in Phoenix - I have been here over 13 years!I would give it a five star if the burger came with fries.A good find on a hot sunny Sunday summer day.
2	I use Yelp to not only vent about bad places but also find new places to experience. After living down the street (northern/19th ave) from this place for 2 years I thought Ill give it a shot..like so many other Yelpers on here..it seems this is the kind of place that sorta gets lost..until you pass it enough times to notice it and then you just want to try it.I went in and it's literally your neighborhood bar with food. That's not always a bad thing because some bars have awesome if slightly unhealthy food. 3 TV's all doing football, many many beers on tap and overall a nice ambiance feel. DEFINITELY a neighborhood sports bar.I waited about 5 minutes for the only waitress to give me a menu and when I explained it was my first time she grunted and walked off. So I went to the bar and just ordered. Do you know when you go to someplace the first time and you think you want to eat there but that vibe just says "go home and eat it"..well that's what I got..It wasnt a bad place and I already ordered the food..but it wasn't friendly either. I am sure the regulars have a grand old time but I just wanted all that impressed with the service or hospitality. Maybe Ill go back for karaoke if the food is good.My major major pet peeve: .50 for take out on the bill. I know they want me to consume as much beer as possible..they already charged me $2 for a pepsi. But a take out fee...on a sunday afternoon...with the bar empty after the football game is over...ridiculous. I skimped on the tip because of it and she let me know how unwelcome I really was at that point.gonna go eat the food now..had to write this first.2/3lb cheesburger, 1 mozz beer sticks, 1 pepsi plus $1 tip, $.50 takeout was 18 bucks.AFTER EATING:I had the cheese sticks and they were really really good..I think they are called beer cheese pints..Excellent 100%The burger was a good burger..it wasnt the best ever, it wasnt the worst ever..It was good. It was totally greasy as you would expect but it did stay on the bun the whole time. The cheese was interesting..it didnt feel like fake cheese but tasted kinda like it..so I dont know.I might go back but overall first impressions were just 2 stars, I say this. if you want a neighborhood bar with solid good and excellent beers this is your place. If you want a family outing stick to McDonalds
4	Ok people stay with me I am gonna make this fast. Wineburger medium well with grilled onions! Tell em to almost burn the onions!That's it go eat, you can thank me later.
4	Love this hole in the wall place. See it all the time but never went in always wondered. Went in with my boyfriend and we both agreed Wed be back! The original wine Burger tasted fresh and juicy not over powering with spices just right. I loved the pub pickles wasn't expecting the spiciness boyfriend didn't care for them because of that but I gobbled them down. Loved their green tea and the were very friendly.
5	Big juicy burgers cooked to perfectoin with Sangria, bomb beer battered fries, and even their chili is delicious. Their chicken sandwich is hot and juicy served on an amazing bun. I really think buns matter on an awesome american meal. I've been here many times and service is always fast and friendly. I love the ambiance and coziness of the whole establishment. You will always see a regular at the bar with a beer and a sports game on.
1	The most over-rated Yelp-recommended place I've yet to encounter.  I am a fan of dives.  I like to find places that are a little rough around the edges that serve food to please a local community.  Those places are why I use Yelp in the first place.  OW is a dive, but as such, I judged accordingly.  My 1 star rating has nothing to do with it's atmosphere or clientele. I will admit that the rating has to do with 3 things, some of which others may not have experienced on their visits.  Sometimes, patrons try a place out and its just a bad day - the kitchen is off, the waiters are slammed, the manager just got divorced.  Unfortunately for those restaurants, "them's the breaks."   You don't often get second chances to make a first impression - and my first impression of the Original Wineburger's blew.Onto the three things:First, the burger.  For a venue named after it's signature product, you'd think more attention would be paid to quality.  The burger was served on a very nice bun, but the meat that was on it was by all accounts, flavorless.  I expected a wine taste, or some sweetness, or some aroma.  I and my companion both had to add salt to what was otherwise a patty devoid of taste.Second, the fries.  Yes, they are beer battered, but I'd be hard pressed to give a place laurels for something that Rally's can replicate.  And to make matters worse, they came to me burned.  Severely burned - like an albino left in the desert without suntan lotion.  Inedible.  We sent them back - but really, how do you screw up fries?  It's not even cooking - you're just waiting for the oil to do its work.  All you have to look at a timer - when a place screws up fries (or toast for that matter) there's anarchy in the kitchen.  Finally, the service.  Now here's where it gets tricky.  Since OW is a dive, I'm not expecting great service.  That's not what they are there to do - the service should be very basic - right?  Take my order, bring me my food in a reasonable time, and bring me my bill with a smile.  That's all.  If it's really busy, I'm even more lenient. On the night we went, OW was practically empty - there were two other tables in the place.  It took our waitress 15 minutes to greet us.  Which doesn't sound long - but is far longer than most places on a slow night.  When we placed our order, we asked about the wineburger, what's it about?  Since we never had one before, we thought it a reasonable question to ask.  Based on her response, you would have thought we asked her if we could take a crap on her floor.  Our food took a little long to get out to us, but we thought it was due to the painstaking magic that was going on behind the scenes.  When we sent our fries back for fresh ones, we got them long after the burgers were finished, rendering them useless.  The final insult was when trying to leave, we couldn't find our waitress - apparently she took her cigarette break just as we were ready to leave - so we had to flag down another waiter to leave the place.  Again, this experience may be atypical but its real.  Now I ask you fellow Yelpers, when a place gives you bad food and bad service - what rating are you supposed to give them?  I certainly would not recommend this place to any person I like.
5	Best cheese curds and onion rings in town, and the burgers are really, really good. Not sure about this surly waitress everyone mentions, but we usually belly up to the bar and have great service. Seriously, do not even think about not ordering one of the above mentioned appetizers. They are that good.
2	Oh no! Where did my Wineburger go?!? I wrote the review based on a hungry tummy and fond memories. Today I went in and it's just not the same. Something happened on January 1st, 2011 because their burgers are different -and bigger does NOT mean better! The flavor was completely missing and the beef was dry. They also do not have cheese pints (curds) any longer. Some distributer issue. BOO!! Also the price seems to be higher. Fail, Wineburger. FAIL.The one plus? The service was great. Will I go back? Nope.
3	Hole in the wall? This feels like an "in the know" locals place.  It was recommended to me by one. The neighborhood has been battered by the economic downturn and seen better days, and you don't expect tourists to flock here, as their resorts are away from here. The burger, simply seared on a flat plate (that appears not to have been cleaned in 50 years) gives the beef the perfect char that seals in the juice.  The marinade in red wine gives the beef an edge up in flavor.  Unique.  Also like the wet fries. Airport close; worthy of a side trip.
4	Had the mushroom swiss burger...always a goodie!! Totally greasy though, it ran down my arm, but was so good! Do I ever eat healthy?! haha
4	NEVER JUDGE A BOOK BUY IT'S COVER! This place may look like a dive from the outside, however the wine burger is DA BOMB! Had the turkey burger w grilled onions & blu cheese 6.00 and a bowl of chili 2.75. The burger was unreal for not being beef. The chili was a 3 star, but who comes here for the chili? I have brought several friends here and they all say. It is the best they have ever had at a bar. You cannot go wrong with this place. Compare this place to a Carl's Jr. It will beat it hands down.If your lucky enough to see the owner (Bill) you will feel like you have known him for years! He is a riot. Lol...This place is like Cheers where everyone knows your name.....
4	I've heard about Wineburgers, but never been. I've always heard good things about it. So I was excited when a friend suggested to meet there for our monthly group lunch. But when I got there, I realized it was good Friday. No hamburger for me :( I quickly scanned the menu and found grilled cheese. I ordered, knowing this could be disappointing. But I wasn't disappointed! This is possibly the BEST grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had. The fries were good and hot. And she kept refilling our drinks. Service was fast and food was plentiful. I'll definitely be back - but will wait until after Lent. :)
5	Wineburger, there is nothing finer in a burger joint. A complete dive look from the outside, the inside not much better, just the bar and some booths. Belly up to the bar, order a cold Bavik off tap and get ready for what a burger should be. Since my roommate introduced me to the joint, I was a regular. Now I've moved and it's still a must visit on the trip. The original wineburger is a solid burger topped with pretty much whatever you like. Can't go wrong with swiss and bacon though. Grease will drip, and your diet will be blown, but it's worth it. Feeling adventuresome? Try the double wineburger or the monster Angasarus-Rex. I've tackled the latter and would do it again. Great staff, always friendly, and once you've been in there a few times, they know your name. A MUST for any self respecting burger junkie.
3	The burgers were good but the wait staff was...interesting. You should try this place out and judge for yourself. It's not bad.
4	Nice little neighborhood spot. I used to frequent the other Wineburger, ( in the early 70's) on 16th and Bethany.  This took me back in time.  Gotta love those fries and burgers.  The chili is perfect for dunking all of the items into.  Order a bowl for the whole table to use as dip!
5	Anytime, anyone in town asks me where to go for the best burger my answer is always the same. Wineburger. I think less is more in most cases, so I'm going to cut this review to the point. Wineburger will forever be my favorite place for a burger. Please don't change.
4	I went in, had an original wineburger with grilled onions, american cheese, and a fried egg.  The burger came out piping hot...I actually had to wait a minute to eat it.  That's a good sign.  The burger was very charcoal-y which I thought added to the flavor.  But if you like yours very rare, make sure you ask them to make it that way.  The buns are soft but don't crumble under your grasp...again, a good sign.  It's all-in-all a really good burger.I also had the onion scoops.  Spicy and good.Beer selection was o.k., sort of odd, but I had a couple of Deep Canyon Ambers which were good, in frosty schooners (maybe 16 oz?).Unique atmosphere, feels very "local".I'll be back, it's a nice place to meet up with a couple of people for some good burgers and beer.
1	I would give less than 1 star if possible. Ordered lunch to go for a group and we arrived to pick up we were told by the bartender that the order had been canceled, as they got busy between the time we ordered and drove over to pick up. He may as well burned cash on the bar. We will not be returning and had our group lunch at another establishment that actually wants business! Try another place for burgers, there is a Wineburger on 16th st and Bethany that rocks!
4	People that are rating this place low are nuts.It's a greasy spoon sure, and yes, sometimes as you'd expect from such the service leaves something to be desired.  That being said this is a super tasty burger.  Very moist and delicious.  The beer is also cheap and they have a great selection of local brews on tap and in bottle.  The beer on tap comes in one size, FISHBOWL!Also, get a fried egg on your burger, trust me, you owe it to yourself.
5	my sisters and I had just finished the race for the cure and stopped by wineburgers for a celebratory beer and something to eat. it was a sunday and wineburgers was hopping! but the staff was friendly and attentive. the owner stopped by to say hi. he noticed our shirts from the walk and bought a round of drinks for us. and he announced the fact we walked in the race for the cure and had everyone cheer for us when we left. super fun place...great staff...great food. i will be back for sure!
5	Phoenix's finest burger... Bar-NONE...  Been coming here since I was knee high to a grasshopper.
4	"I Like Big Buns and I can't lie" I Saw A Nice Pair of Buns at Original Wineburger.   they are toasted and shinny, check the website for your self, if you a bun guy like me.  The Owner told me that he has one location and is not affiliated with any of the other Wineburgers.      I knew i was in for a real hamburger that I can't make at home.  Im very skeptical of the next burger spot since there's ten's of thousands of places offering the same promise of a great burger.What stands out, the size the there burger is inviting and all the ingredients were fresh.The place was packed when I entered and now I know why.  Its a cool look, the bar has the stove right behind it so its like your in a kitchen and bar at the same time.  Original Wineburger has truly stood the test of time and continues to please its customers with a great burger.  I m ready  to go back to order more of the items, the price is set to what you want, know I see why it starts at a moderate price and skyrockets, an $20 burger, anyone else have the confidence to sell at this price?  PS Mr. One star, one star review named  LAry,1.0 star rating2/6/2012"F*cking Terrible - Got Sick as Dog After Eating there Food"1st of all your Language, uncalled for, and I'm not a qualified grammar police but the use of "there" i think you wanted to say  to be their?  So LAry if that's your real name, yelp people will give you credibility when you have a photo of your self and more than 0 friends.  These are the reviews that discredit yelp.com, poorly written and possibly fake.  Sincerely, Kevin
2	We went here before a Roller Derby Bout, based on the reviews on here. There were 6 of us, 4 adults and 2 kids. Honestly, it was a disappointing trip. It was a Saturday evening, and the place was already getting busy, but they only had ONE server. And she failed. Miserably. Four of us sat for over 15 minutes with empty drinks, and it took my friend getting up and going to find her to get refills. It took almost 45 minutes to get any food on our table. We had ordered the cheese curds and pretty much as soon as they came out, they brought our food out. Again, empty drinks. Our server never came back to check on us, took forever to get us our checks, and my friend had to get up and find her again so we could pay. Completely unacceptable. About the food: I think the best things on our table were the cheese curds and the mini corn dogs. The burgers were ok, not great. They were all cooked until they were extremely dead and grey and weren't these amazing patties that everyone else on here is raving about. The flavour was good, but mine was dry and really disappointing. Everyone else's had the same problem. I've never seen so many over-cooked burgers in my life. But at least the mini corn dogs were good! They were just crunchy enough, with the breading being just the right combination of salty and sweet. I don't know if they're homemade or not, but regardless, they were still good. The cheese curds were pretty decent too. Beer battered and gooey, with tons of ranch. My sweet potato fries were good, as were the regular beer battered one. Oh, and just a side note: while we were sitting there, some random drunk woman gets up from the bar, comes over, puts an arm around our youngest kid, holds up a cell phone and says, "Do you know who this is?" Seriously, lady? Who does that? You don't go up to a child you don't know, touch him, and show him something on a cell phone that no one else can see. Turns out it was her and a football player, but still. The bartenders need to learn when to cut people off, and she should have been cut off about 4 gin and tonics ago. I've never been somewhere where someone made it a point to come over and touch my kid. So all in all we were extremely disappointed in our visit to The Original Wineburger. I felt i had to apologise to my friends because we went there based on my recommendation, based on these Yelp reviews. Our burgers weren't any better than what I could find for $4 at other really good burger places, our service was non-existent and we had drunk patrons coming over to touch our kid. Will we be going back? I don't think so. And I don't think I'd recommend it to anyone either.
4	So nothing is perfect, but for a guy who loves "hidden" gems if you will.  This place is simply gold, I was greeted with a few smiles when I walked in and my server was incredibly friendly, and the burger, my goodness why anyone would bother supporting a five guys with a place like this. Is beyond me
3	It was still good but not as great as I remember it. For $9, you get a regular sized burger and a small handful of fries. I expected a little more fries than I got and the burger didn't have the same unique flavour I got last time. It's been over 2 years, though, so that's on me.For the prices they're charging, I hope they could get some new padding in their bench seats. I thought I was going to sink right through.
3	After an exhaustive move on Friday, my friend Austin and I were completely exhausted.  I had been up since 4 AM, moved across town and was ready to eat my right arm if I didn't feed myself and Austin for helping me out.I knew this place was close to me, but its literally less then a mile from my new place. Austin and I cruised in, starving, and took a seat.  I don't know what I was expecting with the decor here, but it was a bit divey for what I was expecting.  Not bad divey, just more then I had anticipated.  I was emaciated, so I could have cared less at that point, but it was "cute" none the less.Anyways, there was a bunch of TV's over the bar with some hockey games on and other sports stuff.  A few old dudes were drinking beer and watching the game, and Austin and I sat and stared off into a coma while we waited for our server.We both went with burgers, but I got the sweet potato fries, and Austin went with the regular fries.  My burger and fries were tasty, as was Austins (at least he said he liked it and it was quite tasty.)Anyways, there's a few points as to why I deducted a star for this review.  First off, the booth we sat in was worthless. I literally SUNK into the booth seat and there was nothing there.  No cushioning, busted springs and it felt horrifically uncomfortable! Made me want to get up and leave!  I was so exhausted that I didn't have the strength, but I was miserable physically while I sat here. Felt like I was sitting on a piece of worthless wood with crappy vinyl over it.Secondly, even though our service was fine overall, we waited FOREVER for our bill, and I mean FOREVER. We were hot, tired and physically wiped out, and we had to chase the girl down and beg her to get our bill.  She walked by our table at least a zillion times, and even though we had clearly been done eating for quite some time, she completely ignored us. I had tried to get her attention politely with eye contact, as did Austin, but nothing.  Finally, after quite a while, I hollered for her, and she brought us our bill like nothing was wrong.  Annoying!Overall, I thought the place was okay.  I will probably go back, as it seems to be a fun place to hang out with some dart boards in the back and the food is pretty decent.
4	Very cool dive bar serving up some great burgers! I finally made it to the Original Wineburger after living in Phoenix for six years and I'm glad I did! Last night I ordered the burger and fries combo. I added on cheese, bacon, onions, ketchup, and mayo. The burger came out about five minutes later and was presented to me in all of its cheesy and greasy glory. I was immediately impressed and I can see myself returning soon. Next time I will add a fried egg to my burger. I dig any burger place that offers that option.Sylvia was my friendly server behind the bar and informed me that Wineburger has been open since 1965 and are not affiliated with any other Wineburgers. I'm curious to find out the story about why that is. She also informed me that they have live open mic music on Wednesday nights. It may not make #1 on my list of best burgers in the Phoenix metro area, but it is up there and I definitely recommend The Original Wineburger.
4	Best wings I've ever had. Perfectly crispy, just enough sauce so the wing wouldn't become mushy. The wine burger was really good, on the greasy side like Five Guys. Had a little more character to the patty though.
3	This is a good stop for a burger and a beer.  This place has a blue collar neighborhood feel to it.  That works for me, but probably not a place to take a date.  Beer selection is limited, but they should have something for everyone.  Coors, miller light, deep canyon amber, some German pils (can't remember the name), and summer shandy on tap.  Decent prices and made to order food.  Burger is good, but I prefer the 5 guys (fresh jalapenos!) or Chuckbox (salad bar with burger fixins).  If you are in the neighborhood and are hungry this is a good call.  If you are looking for something beyond a burger or something out of the fryer, probably not the place.
3	Old SKOOL Bar, dive atmosphere located in a strip mall next to a barber shop.  The smells are very greasy and inviting at the same time.  Love the decor of the old timey 60's & 70's cartoon characters on the wall and the random sport memorabilia that means something to somebody.  I've been here twice and both times sat at the bar where all the action is, during lunch breaks from work.  the service is friendly if not very slow.  Both times I have had the wonderful JIMMY OCONNER, soft toasted butter bun holding onto the cheddar burger with a mound on grilled pastrami OHHHHH that's a good burger.  Of course all the meat is mixed with red wine (not just a clever name) and there is some magic in that place, and in its' food.  The fries are really tasty as well . i've had both the beer battered and the sweet potato versions....both are equally great.  Wineburger makes the short list of unique, fun and always tasty places to visit in that neighborhood.  Check it out and tell us what you think.
1	I'm going to have to agree with Aletheia here. Why is this place deserving of such buzz? I fully expected the interior to look like a dive, but I didn't expect the burger to be the blandest thing I've ever eaten. There wasn't a hint of seasoning on the meat, and all I could taste was onion. Even the cheese didn't shine through.I've eaten a lot of hamburgers - I'm obsessed - so I can say without hyberbole that this place served up the worst hamburger I've ever eaten. I can't even fathom why this place is popular with working class stiffs - the cheapest burger is around $9. You can get a better burger at dozens of places around the Valley for that price.
2	I used to work across the street at the hospital and I would get burgers here all the time.  I even brought my visiting family out for a large party because I like their burgers.  All my family members agreed, TASTY BURGER.  BUT, I will not go back there ever again.  I am a DBacks season ticket holder and this year my family of 4 have dined here before games on several occasions.  No more!!  We've been getting terrible service from a particular waitress and the last time we went in, we were told, rather nastily,  that we would have to wait a long time for our order due to a party in the back.  We explained that we were headed to a baseball game,  they didn't care. Obviously, they do not value our regular visits or our regular $$$.
3	Leinenkugel Summer Shandy on tap is a great start!The burgers start at $6, and jump to $12.The Original Wineburger is pretty good, but nothing I'd write home about.It's a nice atmosphere, but the location isn't exactly convenient.
2	The buns are number 1, you get to select your favorite cheese, and the service is better than most small restaurants, that is where the praise stops.  What happened to the burgers?  The two of us couldn't put our finger on it, but something was missing. The flavor is no longer what has made this place one of the best burger shoppes in town!  This is the most critical part of Original being one of the best.  This used to be a place I looked forward to enjoy  great food.      I like to plan before I head to go out to eat, so I checked out the online menu to save time and find all the possibilities for possibly some new choices, not get there and find out the online menu is not the same as the restaurant menu.It is frustrating to peruse an online menu with the result of items not on the literal menu when you get there,  you are in business update your online menu.  Getting there with the expectation to enjoy what is on the online menu and not available is bad business practice, you don't care enough to give your best to your customers.     No potato salad? That was a signature staple of the establishment,  bad, bad, bad business decision!  And guess what?  it's listed on the online menu, a rude disappointment when you arrive looking for an alternative to fries.      The decor has not changed in probably near a decade, that is the least of this place's problems, sadly, it matches the food.
4	Turkey burger with green chilies and fried pickles=joy. Great beers, casual, great food.
3	The burger was alright. The online menu prices and the real menu prices do not match up. They can be up to 4-5 dollars different. The cheese curds were.... weird. I can't place my finger on it but would not buy them again. I got sweet potato fries and my friend got normal potato fries. Both the normal size and yet my friend got about twice as many fries as I did even though I had to pay extra for sweet potato fries. Personally probably wouldn't go again.Food was meh. Service was meh even though there were only three groups of 2 in the entire place.
2	For years I've driven past Original Wineburger always wanting to try it. My dad would always advise against because to him nobody could make a better wineburger than him. I decided to ignore my father's warning and go anyway. This place has been here forever I thought, there has to be something redeeming about it.So in I walk. First observation, it kind of reminds me of the inside of an RV. There's a table full of people near the door, couple others at the bar. TV is on, college basketball. I sit down at a table in the back, seat sinks in almost throwing me off balance. Waitress, whom is also tending to the bar comes up, ask if I'd like anything to drink, Miller Lite, smallest you've got. I hurry and make my order as well. The Original Wineburger with everything. She leaves. I noticed that the food is cooked on a grill right behind the bar. Interesting. I just remember the server never did ask how I wanted the burger cooked.5 minutes later, beer and burger arrives. Drink is in a huge chalice, which I found quite unwieldy to pick up. Burger is on a plate that looked it came from the children's table in all it's technicolor glory. Burger on first impression looked pretty thrown together. Bun almost shapeless and the grilled meat barely sticking out on the sides. Went for a bite. Bland. After the first taste, it's like instantly I forgot about how it tasted. There nearly no flavor at all. Was there any seasoning done to the meat? I decided to throw on some ketchup for good measure and went for my second attempt and now I decided I really just like ketchup. Half way through, I noticed the inside was really pink. Too much for my liking but I guess I could possibly asked for medium well? or even just well? Oh well. The Original Wineburger just didn't do it for me. I've went to places nearby for even cheaper that blew me away more. I finished my drink and burger quite quickly as an unkempt women came in asking if she could smoke in the bar, where has she been? Then she kept asking everyone for cigarettes and starting strange conversations with disinterested patrons. Had to leave before I was NEXT! I give this place two stars only because the women working was nice and friendly and because the place was somewhat comforting.I was hoping I could have proved my dad wrong but it was not to be. He won this battle and I'm not sure if I can ever cross him again.
3	My biggest problem, and I do the same thing with movies! I hear how great the reviews are and I come in expecting the impossible. I need to stop that! Been wanting to try out their burgers here. I order the original wineburger with chedder cheese, and bacon. First thing I noticed was the buns, they were nice, soft, and Delicious! Glad I added the bacon, it was crispy the way i like it, and very good. Make sure you eat over the plate! Very juicy, don't want that on your shirt! Burger over all was good, not great! I have had better, again I came in expecting to be blown away! I sat at the bar, it's nice and all. but you are going to need to but some napkins between you and the food. The cushions are in the way!! Be careful with the parking, if it gets busy. The parking is a little tight! I would like to comeback and try another version of the burger.
4	I have visited this establishment many time coming home from work (I would get off the light rail at the end of the line and walk a few blocks north), they have great food, drinks and on Wednesday's a jam session (Yea!, I am a musician), the service is great, the people who frequent this place are friendly, a good time had by all, visit this place often.
2	First, we've been going to Wineburger's for a while now...great laidback place to have a burger...in a bar but it doesn't feel like bar.  Anyway, something changed about 6 months or a year ago, and we really haven't been back.  The burgers are still good, but...where'd the beer-battered fries go???  I hate those frozen steak fries!  Bring back the beer-battered fries, or at least hand-cut the fries from potatoes.  It's probably a lot cheaper (and better!) anyway.  And the pickles...ugh!  A sweet pickle spear???  Who eats that?  I asked for a dill spear, and was told it was $1.50...seriously???  So we haven't been been back for awhile.  If the reviews start trending up again, we'll give it a another go.
4	This is a great dive bar and has some awesome burgers to boot. I would have given it five stars if the service have us a bit more attention. I had a chili size open face burger and my wife had the original. Both were great and tasty. We also ordered the nachos made with fries. This was huge and way too filling. They have a nifty selection of draft beers and daily drink specials. It is not in the neighborhood but I would recommend this spot to all of my yelp friends needing a burger fix.
4	A buddy talked me into going here the other day.  When we arrived, I was kind of apprehensive.  From the outside, it looks like the place is falling apart.  In other words, my first impression was not a good one.  But then we got our burgers.  I can say without a doubt that this was the best hamburger I have ever eaten in my entire life.  It was juicy and flavorful.  I didn't even realize that I had forgotten to put ketchup and mustard on it until after I was done.  The only negative was the $9 price tag, and that didn't come with any sides.  I do have to recommend against the wings, though.  They had a funky flavor that just wasn't quite right.  But I will be back for another burger soon.
2	I went to locally owned Wineburger last night to give it a try, esp since it is on 19th Ave and light rail construction is at their front door. The good: the appetizers looked like great comfort food. The rest: My burger was well done (asked for medium), no flavor, I could have grilled a better one. The server was nice, but very slow. And my cell phone still smells like the restaurant. Ick. I might go back for a beer at the bar and an appetizer, but definitely not for a burger.
5	The best burgers ever. I get it plain with American cheese. That's all you need. The burger melts in your mouth. They have truly perfected the traditional burger. Give it a try.
5	The place has been serving burgers and beers since the mid-60's for a reason. It's a Phoenix institution. Beers run from the like of PBR, to Coors Banquet, to Moose Drool - with a bunch of other offerings to please your palate and your wallet. Mugs, glasses, and pitchers are frosty.Burgers are super-tasty! (I usually go with mushroom and swiss).This is an old-skool bar that has a flat-top grill and a deep fryer. It also has the most comfy arm rests you've ever laid your elbows on, lining the bar; so belly up and order a wineburger and a brew.Note: They close around 10pm most nights - so don't expect to hit this place up for a nightcap.
5	Had The Original Wineburger. Wow, so good!! The food is delicious service is great!! My advice is that you try the Original Wine Burger and the Onion "Scoops".
4	It's a tasty burger!  I grew up in Phoenix and always remember it being there.  Had a bar so the family didn't go there much but we would drive by and smell it it!  Wow.  Grew up and "rediscovered" Wineburger when we moved into the neighborhood and went local.   We now go there often and LOVE the new sign!
1	First time I came here they cooked my burger wrong, second time I came here cooked my burger wrong, 3 time I came here that was on 4/6/14 my girl asked for "well done" burger like how hard is that too make? Well they gave her a medium done.. it's like they don't listen to the customers wishes that being said never coming back here to eat..On top of that when we were done eating my girlfriend said look there's a cockroach! Yup a COCKROACH was walking on the ground right in front of our table I wanted to say something but my girl told me not to so I'm saying it here GROSS!  Don't eat here or eat at your own risk!
4	I've never had the idea to pour wine on my burgers while I cook them. That's just plain weird, but obviously these guys are on to something with a simple menu that works. Bacon and blue cheese are the best burger toppings ever, and I pity the fool who puts on garbage like *cringe* a fried egg. I didn't order sides like fries, because those are the emptiest calories ever, and opted for something healthier...a $4 gin & grapefruit. Gotta get all my food groups in when I can. The alcohol selection is better than I expected. You can choose your spirit and your juice (but really my drink is the way to go), or some decent crafts, featuring lesser-known breweries like Montana's Big Sky. While you're at it, watch some baseball. Apparently this is also a Vikings bar during football season. There are more seats and a pool table in the back, but I'm not sure when that half is opened up. I'll come back on a weekend and get that figured out for you, but until then, don't pass this place up!
5	Best burger I've ever had!! Seriously!! If I didn't live in California, I would go everyday! Service was good, and everyone was friendly.
5	One of our favorite burger joints in Phoenix.  It's a little dive bar/restaurant and the burgers are so good.  We drive 10 miles from home to get one.  Definitely recommend.
5	I had The Wineburger with a fried egg and it was absolutely delicious! The meat is so juicy and I didn't even need to add any condiments, which I typically need to do. It was a little hard to find but I sat the bar and really enjoyed my experience! The guys working behind the counter were great and made sure that I was satisfied.
5	I've been passing this place for years and finally decided to stop. I usually end up getting the Wolf Pack Special (Wineburnger and Coors Lite) not that I've been there multiple times.It's a great dive bar, nothing fancy, just good service and good food! The ghost pepper cheese wine burger is awesome! Last time in I has the Super (two patties) which was more than enough to hold me over until lunch the next day.Despite the construction it's well worth making the trip to check out the Phoenix staple with memorabilia adorned walls and a great atmosphere for watching some sports.
5	Always love a Wineburger with mushrooms and Swiss.  Pair it with some onion scoops and an ice cold Stella and that's as good as it gets.Be sure to grab some extra napkins.
4	Good burger and friendly service. A dive bar that is clean and friendly. Not a large liquor selection.  Malnly a beer bar.
4	Great place,  kind of your hole in the wall bar/restaurant but really good burgers. Great customer service.  Definitely would go back again.  Their beer battered fries with nacho cheese was super good.  The only thing is we ordered a pitcher thinking it was going to be a normal pitchter, and it was a smaller one,  but it was like 7.50 and got like 2 and half glasses with it.
