3	Just a small pub that we hit during our "crawl"  Nothing special, but had a real good time drinking german beer!
4	I like this small, well-placed pub on Crescent Street.The vibe is relaxed and, when weather permits, the terrace is an amazing people-watching vantage point.The bartenders are excellent - Donna was cracking us up, and Patrick is *HOT* and knows how to mix a drink.We were hungry and Patrick helped us order some food, which was tasty and rapidly delivered to the pub.I would have given it 5 stars, but being on Crescent Street means... Crescent Street prices.  Still, an awesome place!
5	On this block of bars and clubs overrun by some of the most douchey patrons, Ziggy's is a god send.  Just walking down this street you'll find yourself wondering if you've somehow teleported to the Jersey Shore as many of the characters you'll see on this street behave like typical guidos / guidettes.Ziggy's not only provides a mature place to grab a drink and enjoy the fine company, but their terrace out front provides prime viewing for all the shenanigans that occur on Crescent.  Case in point the two patrons next door that got put down hard by the juiced out bouncer as well as the near fight that occurred when a drunk frat boy picked up and downed a pitcher on a neighboring table.Dan was the bartender the night a group of my friends went and he was a great sport, making all the drinks perfectly and ensuring we had a good time. Donna kept us laughing with her bi-polar behavior which had us thinking she was high on something. Ziggy was nice enough to allow us a few more mins to finish up our drinks at the end of the night when they had to close up.Overall the cast and crew at at this little bar provide a perfect environment for a good time in an area where you wouldn't really expect much beyond bar fights and cat fights.Prices are reasonable for the area and if you're not into the rest of the Crescent St scene this is definitely a place to hide out at.
5	Ziggy is that dirty old SOB you can't but hate to love.
2	Horrendous service, smokey, could be a comfy nook.Me and my brother walked in here late one night for a night cap, the place had about 12 other people already there, so not crowded nor empty. We sat up at the bar, and things went downhill from there. My brother ordered a cream ale and I ordered a Knob Creek bourbon on the rocks. The bar tender told my brother he probably wouldn't like the cream ale (??? wtf?) my brother insisted, and the bar tender said "fine. suit yourself" (the beer tasted great, btw... no idea what the bar tender was thinking). Between serving my brother and then serving me, the bar tender went over to a group of his friends on teh other side of the bar, and had shots with them.Finally, the guy came over and told me my bourbon would be 9 bucks... a little steep, but, whatevs, I was in full tourist mode and was simply there to drop a few toonies... so i nodded, no problem. He served it to me in a small shot glass, no ice. I reminded the guy that I'd like it on the rocks... so he poured it over ice and then told me it would be 11 bucks... i asked him indignantly, for the ice? and then he had some difficulty explaining to me something about the size of the glass (and this guy was anglo, so i'm not talking translation problems here)... i kept asking him if it meant he poured MORE bourbon into the glass, and he wouldn't answer me straight - though my brother seemed to think he had topped up my glass since a shot looks a bit short over ice, i guess. not sure what happened, but now me, my brother, and the bar tender were all on very disgruntled terms.obviously we rubbed this guy the wrong way, no idea why, but as soon as we were finished with the drinks, we were out of there faster than you could cry sacre bleu! too bad, cuz the space is cavernous and comfy, could be a really great place to hide form the weather if the service didn't suck so much.
5	This is a pub where you can go every day or several times a year, and you will feel equally welcome.  Lot of Americans and English speaking natives mix for fun evenings and weekends of watching hockey and pretty much any other sport you can imagine.New Jersey'ites in particular will feel particularly at home - the Jersey Shore is a favorite hangout of many of the bartenders.Dan is in the front bar at night. with Donna in the back.  Olga is great fun on Saturdays, and Pat on Sunday nights.  Elizabeth is there during the day, and Ziggy himself makes regular appearances!  Bernadette is the newest bartender and she is just as fun as the rest!If you want a great place to watch the game, or just to spend a few hours among people who immediately feel like good  friends, Ziggy's is the place to go.
4	I love Ziggy's Pub.  Back in 1997, just after high school, we were in Montreal at 420 Sherbrooke West. livin' life.  Everyone wanted to go to a giant club which shall remain nameless except me and my boy.  We headed down the road, saw Ziggy's Pub and stumbled in.  Good beer, good food, and ashtrays that held cigars.  The coolest thing though when you got up, they put a note on your drink that said, "Got up to pee.  Don't touch my drink."  Coolest souvenir I got that week.  I wonder if people remember that or if they still do it?
5	Quaint and comfortable pub. Bernadetta is beautiful and friendly. I'd have gone back tomorrow, but she works only Sunday and Mondays.
3	Stopped in recently while in town for the jazz fest.Ziggy's is a kindof divey sports bar set amongst the clubs and pubs of Crescent Street. Usually stop in to see the awesome bartender B, but she wasn't working Saturday nite, and $8 (plus tip) for a Labatt Blue (seriously?) meant that we were one and done for this trip. Was dead for a Sat nite, but this bar always gets a steady stream of bachelor and bachelorette parties, it seems.Will definitely go back next trip (hopefully to see B), but will probably avoid the $8 domestic beers.
4	Ziggy was awesome.  Ziggy's is awesome
4	It was the perfect cozy hole in the wall we were looking for on a rainy night. Great service, good drinks. I'm docking a point because I thought it was kinda overpriced for the neighborhood, but maybe they're trying to scare away the college kids?The Habs game was playing, and I would definitely come back for another sporting event. It's cool though, there are televisions very accessibly located for viewing, but it absolutely does not feel in any way like a sports bar. Clean restrooms, friendly clientele, lots of green. Also, very important, a covered patio for smoking. Boom.
5	Stopped in for just a beer and ended up staying hours. Leanne, our bartender, was friendly and funny! Great conversation with the bar crowd and really cool Canadiens hockey decor throughout the bar. Loved this place!
