4	Best massage by Sophia
5	FINALLY!!!!!  I've been traumatized from a lifetime of bad haircuts.  I usually go as long as I can and then cross my fingers and hope that a pro can do a good job.  They usually shape my hair like a helmet and make me look like a complete idiot!  I could probably do a better job blindfolded, drunk, and half asleep.And then there's Sophia.  Clouds parted, sunshine came down from the heavens, and doves began to sing.  SHE IS AMAZING!!!!!  I have never, ever, ever, ever been anywhere close to this happy after getting a haircut, and I'm NOT a difficult customer.She listened to my concerns and made everything come together.  She showed me what to do so my hair looks fuller.  I actually took a selfie on my way home!  Yeah, it was that good!THANK YOU SOPHIA!!!!  THANK YOU FOR HAVING A GROUPON (OR I WOULD HAVE NEVER FOUND YOU)!!!!!  THANK YOU!!!!!Also:  I asked her how long she's been doing hair (this seems to be a key factor between good and bad haircuts).  She's been doing hair for over 20 years!  And her prices are VERY REASONABLE even without a Groupon.  My family will go to her from now on!
5	Amazing! Sophie gave me a great hair cut! I had long, thick hair and I wanted a new, short hairstyle and she did a great job. Excellent cut, good layers and shape which really added volume and is super cute. I also purchased shampoo and conditioner from her and she gave me a discount on the salon brand products. Cheerful and sweet person, a great new salon!
4	I'm pretty sure you will be happy with your experience at this spa/salon.  Sophia offers full services and one stop shopping.  she did perm makeup for me a week ago and I am delighted with the results.  She is really friendly and professional and clean as well.  I recommend this shop and I will return when I am next in Las Vegas.
1	I sadly had made a poor choice coming to Sophia to do my eyebrows . What I learned after my incident was she was suppose to draw them on show me but I guess we missed that step. Well long story short when I laid up to see one I told her what is this and I started to cry. Then she went on saying sister your wasting my time . Talking about me to a coworker she pulled to the back . She just kept telling me she was the professional. Well she reassured me she would fix the other one the same . But when she said oh your finished I felt defeated . To top it off they were thick long and she did to high. Long story short I seen she has some deals floating around don't be like me and go in for a bday present gone bad. Right now Went  to a place that does saline tattoo remover while I was there I was told she put cuts in several parts of my eyebrows and that they weren't 3d was told she did a number on you. So beware!Oh she also used to different colors nightmare this ordeal has turned into.  The customer service here is appalling. Not amazing service it is by far the worst.
1	I purchased their permanent makeup package from GroupOn. First of all, GroupOn promised a discount ($99 instead of $250), which was a lie. $99 is a regular price at that place.Second of all, she did my eyebrows. Instead of my request to make them a little but thicker on the bottom, she made them higher with an unnecessary angle. Even worse, the angle is way off, eyebrows are asymmetrical and one is longer than another. They both have slightly different shapes. I have to use a lot of make up to cover it up. She said it will last 4 years. Horrible horrible service. I hope the tools she used were at least clean.
1	Gosh I went back in her business today sadly it was terrible! I knew she wasn't a good woman I told her service was not good she didn't follow procedures. She says she did I'm not sure who she is convincing ? Very bad business woman! She isn't here to make a woman look nice. Her attitude was awful screaming yelling I tried to tell her I'm not here to fight with you but she was screaming jumping around ! She even called the cops and said my kids and I were there to beat her up! Insane cause my kids are 5 and 7.This woman and her business is appauling! Was  staying firm on I won't give you any money back I did a good service!
1	Horrible place with terrible service.  I came in with my friend to get a haircut for my friend and a massage for me. Let's just say I don't want that kind of massage.  It was cramped and dirty. The woman Sophia who owns it seems to be the jack of all trades, hair, massage and permanent makeup provider. My friend got an awful cut by an impersonal owner. I couldn't even understand her because her English was terrible.  She tried to sell me on her other services while dealing with another customer who was demanding her money back. Her permanent makeup poster was blurry blown up stock photos of models. Her attitude was nasty.  I cant believe this woman has the nerve to try to sell me on her other services when she treated the distraught customer like dirt. Obviously she cares nothing of making people happy or doing a good job.  This place is absolute chaos.  Unprofessional, rude, poor customer service.
5	Awesome place. Great service, very friendly, good prices, and they can do anything!  Massages, hair cuts, wax, etc... great place!
5	I met Sophia a few months ago and after viewing her website I decided to have my  previously done eyebrows fixed by her. She was very sweet, professional and her shop is nice and clean. Throughout the permanent makeup process she will ensure you are comfortable and let's you know exactly what she will be doing before starting the process (she draws them on for you). I just finished my last appointment today and am very happy with my new eyebrows. I have posted my eyebrows before and one of the second appointment, I will post a final picture when they heal. I will be returning soon to have permanent eyeliner and my hair done. Sophia you are the best, thank you for your help. :)
4	Sophia is a very SKILLED and EXPERIENCED permanent make up artist!! I believe she told me she has been doing permanent make up for about 15-20 years or so.  You can definitely tell she knows what she is doing.  If you are interested in getting permanent make up, go to Sophia!! She's amazing!  I got the half 3D half solid eyebrow perm make up.  The color is PERFECT! I'm very happy with that.  I'm satisfied with the shape.  Although, it could be a bit better, which I will explain why below.The only reason why I gave her 4 stars is because she can be a bit stubborn about the way she "thinks" you want your perm make up done.  I told her I didn't want too high of an arch and I wanted the arch to be rounded at the top instead of edgy, and she insisted on giving me a higher arch.  I also asked her to make the tail of my brow thicker, which she agreed to do, but i didn't see any difference.Also, she told me to come in for a touch up and I confirmed twice with her that there would be no charge.  I came in for my touch up and asked, again, to thicken the tail of my brow and once again she "thickened" it but I couldn't really tell the difference.  I guess it was partially my fault for not being persistent about what I want, because I didn't want to be one of those picky clients, even though I've asked her 3-4 times to thicken the tail.  At the end of the session, she charged me $10 which is not a big deal, just don't tell me it was free in the first place....? Made no sense. But overall, she's very SKILLED, TALENTED and EXPERIENCED with permanent make up.  I would recommend anyone to come to this spa, you just have to be demanding and persistent with what you want upfront.
5	I was very pleased with Sophia and the outcome, she was patient and obviously knew what she was doing.  I have had my eyebrows done before and the outcome was awful.  Sophia made them look great again.  I am very pleased!
5	I can tell its gonna be a long review cuz I'm just so happy with the lady that did my hair. She's the owner too. I never get my hair done in salons I always usually cut and dye my own hair or have a friend bleach my hair. A But my first time ever is in this salon and the lady did a very good job in doing my hair. I can tell she's been doing this half her whole life. My hair is complicated to work with and I have different shades on my hair plus half of my hair was my natural hair color and she did a good job bleaching the top half and toning my hair evening out my hair color. She made me feel comfortable and she's giving me a free deep conditioning and haircut to go with it nxt week. She made the price affordable for my long hair even if it was a long process and she did so much work in my hair within 2 hrs she still made it affordable for me $150 is what I'm paying for everything including the haircut, the bleaching, toning, deep conditioning, the highlights, and the coloring altogether. She does perms, aesthetics, permanent make up, everything basically. I know who to go to now if I ever need anything. I'm glad I found her. Best decision I've ever made going to a salon.. Her salon.
1	This was the worse experience I've ever had. My hair stylist was out of town and I needed a cut. I found this place on Groupon and just needed a trim so I thought I would try it. Sofia washed my hair and it felt like she had a grudge against my head. She was very rough and I had a bruise/scab on my face that I asked her several times to be careful of not touching (which she did several times) The water was scalding hot and dripped down my back and shampoo all over my face. She then began to cut my hair and ran the comb over the bruise/scab on my face AGAIN! When she used the blow dryer, she put it on the fullest heat and burned my scalp and ears over a dozen times after I had complained several times. Sofia then had the nerve to ask me if I wanted to tip her. I gave her $5 extra ONLY because it's not in my nature not to tip! To add insult to injury (literally) she butchered the back of my hair! I couldn't wait to get out of her chair. Worse hair experience of my life and I would give zero stars if that were an option! Now I need to get it cut again just to even it out! Thanks for nothing!
5	This place really rocks !!! The staff is friendly and helpful. I got a haircut and foot massage to treat myself to something different. It was super fantastic!!! I went back for a full body massage a week later and foot massage every week now. It is very good and professional. The prices are great and I recommend this business to anyone who values great service!!!This is Vegas at its Best!!! Viva, Las Vegas!!John S.
5	This is my first experience with permanent eyebrows. I could not have been more nervous. This spa has a very inviting environment with very friendly staff who were there to assist in making sure this was a very enjoyable experience.
5	Sophia did a great job on my hair. The shop is very clean with a great atmosphere. I received a wash, conditioner and cut. I love the results! Definitely will be back. Thank you for the great service!
