2	Pizza a Metro recently opened up (used to be Via's pizza). My brother had told me he went for a pizza (pie) there to try it out. They have a woodstove that they cook their pizzas in. He was very impressed. So.. I took a chance and brought my daughter along.  The restaurant is really lovely inside and has linen table cloths and napkins. The staff are very nice and very attentive. Of course there was only one other couple there at the time. So not sure how they would measure up to a full house.My daughter ordered her usual.. lasagna and I ordered a pizza. Now I will say this.. their sauce on the lasagna was in one word.. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!! However their need to tighten up their technique when it comes to both dishes. The pasta was WAY OVER COOKED. And the pizza was not cooked completely.  When you pick up a piece of pie and it hangs down to the floor... there is a problem there. I ended up taking the outer crust and dipping it into the sauce... because again.. it was AMAZING! If they can perfect their cooking methods.. I will be back, but not until then.
5	Outstanding food quality and taste. The vodka cream sauce should have its own pedestal. The pastas are made from scratch daily. The ravioli is handmade. The pizza is made and baked how pizza should be made. The NY style cheescake is off the hook fresh and light. They are ironing out the kinks of this new location and the staff is of the right attitude. WE WILL BE BACK.
5	stopped in Wednesday night on a whim and ordered pizza to go...it was GREAT....the parking lot is not the easiest to get in to but well worth it :)  They brought Bruschetta to snack on while we waited...YUMMMMM
4	Very tasty wood fired pizza. Pasta pomodoro was good but not great. My son very much enjoyed his calzone. Service was very attentive which brings this review up from a three and a half to a four. The feel was an odd mix of fine dining and casual with white tablecloths and kids running in and out from the patio to the dining room. We would probably return for the pizza.
5	Excellent Margarita pizza. Caesar salad not drowning in dressing. This place is coming along nicely. Love the ambiance. Great staff.
1	I really wanted to like this place since it is so close to my house, but alas, it shall not be. Ok so the ambiance and service were fine. Why only one star? Because I think that the bare minimum that a pizza place should provide is edible pizza. The pizza was simply horrible. To echo the comments of several others, they don't seem to know how to work the oven. The crust was almost raw and the whole pizza was barely warm. I was treating several relatives and was totally embarrassed about the whole thing. Hopefully, they figure out how to run the oven and can turn it around.
4	4 stars is being generous. It's more like 3.5. Ate there for the first time last night and I can say the food is okay, the service was very slow and the bar top was dirty (dirty plates, glass rings, ect). Probably won't make it a point to go back there... I personally thought it was pricey for the ambiance...
4	The food was yummy! We ordered a caprese  salad, which was super fresh! And a pepperoni mushroom pizza, it was thin and crispy! The service was great, waiter was attentive and the restaurant is super clean and has a great ambiance. We will definitely be coming again!
2	Nothing to write home about, don't even know why I am writing this review.  I wanted woodfire pizza, and unfortunately, there are few in the East valley.  The pizza could have been good if the crust was crispier and less chewy, even my dog had a hard time chewing it.  Also, I ordered a specialty drink "cherry martini"  Let's not get crazy folks!! This was marischino (sp) cherries with the juice, and vodka, tasted like a bad air freshener.  Also, the antipasto plate looked like everything was from a can, mushrooms, olives, eggplant, the only thing I liked was the mozzarella, but I had to ask for olive oil and balsamic, and some little bread points they had because without those fillers it would have been bland and I would have left hungry.  The ants and crickets jumping at my feet and biting my toes while on the patio had more personality than the server.That's all!  I shouldn't go into an Italian restaurant and have to critique the whole menu.  How can pizza go wrong?
5	Just finished the salmon special of this evening.  It was delicate and absolutely delicious. I was delighted.  I'll attach a picture if I can figure it out.  This is a quaint little spot for intimate dinners or a happy hour. The chef tells me they serve lunch here as well.  The place is clean and cozy and is frequented by many local neighbors. There is a guitarist playing right now.  A keeper.
5	Great food and atmosphere! TheWait staff was very nice and I loved the live music!  Can't wait to try this place again..
1	Nice place...they had someone playing a guitar that couldn't sing.. so that was interesting. ..let's start with the food...I had spaghetti. .it was very watery and no flavor until I added salt...my dish was served with no bread. .didn't seem right...The service. .I don't have any restaurant experience but I could tell the staff is disorganized and running into each or over each other..I don't recommend this place or would I come back and I live 2 blocks away...
1	If they spent as much attention to their food as their atmosphere this place would be good, but it's not. They might have just served us MREs now that I think about it...
5	Everything we had - from the Saporita pizza to the lasagne - felt like a homemade Italian meal. The service was very good and the atmosphere was fun and inviting.
2	The wait for service and food was excruciatingly long.  When the wood fired pizza arrived (pizza kid was working as fast as he could in his defense) the crust was severely undercooked, bordering on raw dough.  Manager was very nice and apologetic about the long wait for food, and gave us a free desert.  We passed on the dessert, as two hours was far too long to be there.  The manager in turn gave us a free dessert coupon.  Nice staff trying to make this a nice place.Kitchen staff needs some training.  I will be a VERY long time before I try this place again.
5	Loved the pizza, loved the service, and loved everything about this place! You gotta check it out :)
5	YUM! They make the pasta for the lasagna fresh and you can really taste the difference. And the sauce is SO good! Glad we found this place!
