3	This Panda Express is near the Harkins Cine' Capri movie theater and is usually less busy than some other locations. We have been coming here for several years since we moved to the Valley and the food and service has always been good. On problem for us Yelpers is the sometimes inability to check-in because of bad cell signal availability. So, come and enjoy the food and check-in as you are leaving the parking lot as we have done in the past.  At least the map location is correct!
1	If you're going to head to this Panda instead of others in the area- then I would go at peak hours.  My husband and I went on Tuesday at 8 p.m. only to find that ALL of the trays were practically empty- if not totally empty.  The trays that did have food in them had less than a serving in there- pretty much guaranteeing that we would either have to wait, get something that we didn't really want, or go to another restaurant.  They did just put out a new helping of chow mein and there seemed to be enough orange chicken so I went for a bowl with those two items while my hubs got the chow mein with the kung pao chicken.  I think having empty trays at this time is completely unacceptable.  I wanted the string bean chicken and my hubs wanted the bejing beef but we didn't want to wait.Further, there were four employees working at the time- one was actually cooking, one was on playing on his cell phone, and two others were eating (meals that they had the cook make in portions for them only- nice).  When we were paying for our meal I slipped in a giant puddle that was escaping from behind the register and was running into the customer area.  The employee playing with his phone behind the counter should have been cleaning that up!  I'm 38 weeks pregnant- had I fallen I would have FREAKED OUT!!!  There was also trash on the floors, the tables looked like they had been cleaned with a dirty cloth (smears and kinda sticky) and the entire experience left much to be desired.  The manager of this store has got to step up their game.  I've been here during the lunch rush and then it seems fine- but unless it's peak hours I would steer clear.  Had I not been super pregnant and had the energy I would have taken my money elsewhere.
4	Panda is Panda, love it or hate it. :)
2	Typical chain location. MINIMAL customer service, tiny portions. Panda Express is getting worse as a chain. Portions are small and full of "filler" like diced potatoes so you get very little meat wise and YOU GET NOTHING THAT EVEN RESEMBLES THE PHOTO ADVERTISING THE PRODUCT. Too EXPENSIVE for what you get. Won't be back.
1	Poor customer service at this location every time...employees have a consistent frown on their faces. They Don't even bother to put utensils for a carry out order unless you ask.
1	Wow every time I come here there out of like 3 items always waiting.  And I come here at 1215 1230 prime lunch time.  Ans I don't have lots of time to wait around.    Chow mien out     Orange chicken out.  Really. Wow     But food is good.    But  prepare to wait
2	Over spring break my family and I decided to go to Scottsdale, AZ. And we were hungry so one lunch we went to Panda Express, and what a bummer, I think this is Panda Express at its lowest. In a restaurant you should have the ability to choose what you want to eat, not have them altered by lack of supplies. Personally The service was "OK" at best, but the main killer was the quality of the food. I found various burnt chunks of Chow Mien on my plate. Also when served orange chicken (my favorite) the lady gave me less than 1/4 a scoop and piled the crap out of my plate with fish (which lacked any sauce making it way to fishy) Where I live there is a Panda about 1/4 the size of that restaurant that knocks it out of the park every time. But you shouldn't base Panda Express of this one review. Maybe you'll have better luck.
1	Well my wife just picked up some dinner for us since she was running late from work. Unfortunately it just went in the trash. This was the worst food I have had In my mouth in years. I have been eating Panda for many years and have never had any thing like this before. It is terrible.  I am a fan of Panda but will never eat at this one again.  This is my second bad experience at this location.
1	Wow tried it again this time went after lunch rush 130 pm wow 3 entrees  where empty and was wanting 2 out of the 3 but picked another one. And the lady said they could make the one I want  wow the cook gave the lady helping me a dirty look and took his time first finishing moping the back  the service of the counter lady was great but the cook was the worst . I will not come here to this panda ever
1	Believe the reviews. Think I'm finally done with this place. I usually just get brown rice & teriyaki chicken, so I'm typically spared by the fact that they're always out of everything. I always attributed it to the fact that they get a heavy lunch rush, and just don't handle it well.Today, i got there at 11:30 after working a very early morning, expecting piping hot pans of (relatively) fresh-looking food. To my amazement, it was the worst i've ever seen it here; every pan had barely 2 or 3 scoops of food, and it was all picked over with barely any meat in anything, with sauce burnt to the bottom of the pan. It immediately became apparent that they had just reheated last night's leftovers, and hadn't finished making new food for the day.Absolutely appalling. Not that I should have high hope for a freaking Panda Express... but good grief guys.
1	The only reason I keep going back to this location is because I am close. Every time I go in this location there is little to no food made, or what's out looks like it's been out for hours. The food when fresh is good, but it's never fresh unless you wait for them to make new. Today I went in at 4:30 and there was a manager lady hiding behind phone,  one new cook, and one employee going so slow two people behind me left. After I asked to have food made, I went to pay and the kid said we are only accepting cash right now so I just left. A few minutes later I decided to call and ask when the credit card machine was going to be up and running and manager said it is working. I said well your employee seems to think different and she asked me to come back and she would take care of it. Well I didn't go back but now I wonder if the kid is just pocketing cash and saying the credit card machine is down. THIS WILL BE THE LAST TIME I EVER  GO BACK TO THIS LOCATION!
