5	I have had Kyle install headrest monitors in my previous SUV, and now an overhead monitor in my current SUV. Service has been top notch on both occasions. I am a customer that asks a lot of questions and does a lot of homework, typically playing out multiple scenarios for what I am doing. Kyle had no problem answering all of my questions, and answering truthfully not just to make a quick buck. I would highly recommend Streamline Audio Video for any car audio installs.  Another great thing is that these guys are mobile, my headrest monitors were installed right in the parking lot at work!
5	When I wanted a new sound system for my car, I read that Streamline Audio was the best place in Tempe so that's where I went. We exchanged several e-mails and phone calls. They knew everything there was to know and answered my questions very honestly and professionally. They presented numerous options for me to choose from and weren't the type of guys just trying to make a quick buck. My system sounds great and I'd highly recommend them.
5	I had them install a 70inch TV with a pretty complicated stand and they had it installe din less than an hour! They were friendly, fast, and on time. I am going to use them again to install our surround sound as well. Great, reasonable prices as well.
5	Josh and Kyle from Streamline Audio Video did a great job on my home theater/stereo system and tied it into an outdoor listening system by my patio and pool!They were creative, had great product, on time and did everything with excellence. Streamline Audio Video will my "go to" for all my audio/video needs in the future. Thanks guys!
5	Josh and Kyle are amazing! I found a touchscreen JVC unit I wanted in my Mustang and needed the best price. I told them that I found it on sale at Best Buy for X amount of dollars and they stated they can do the same unit for cheaper than what Best Buy would do (install, hardware, etc). I got everything done for the price that Best Buy NOW sells the stereo BEFORE installation fees! I am so excited! They came to my job and installed it while I was at work and taught me how to use the unit! They even got my Bluetooth all set up with mics included! I am so happy with it and recommend them to everyone!
1	Who knows who puts in some of these top notch reviews. If Streamline Audio does business with others like they did with me, they don't get much if any repeat customers. From telling me my appointment was at 9:30 and not even showing up at their own shop till after 10:00 then not starting the install for another 1/2 hr after that, to quoting me a firm price (out the door price in his words) then trying to tell me after the job was done and it would be OVER $100 more. Then not telling me that they don't take any type of credit of debit card till after the work was done and having to go to my bank to withdraw all cash for josh with him standing over me at the teller line like I was being robbed. They didn't bother taking even two minutes to show me anything about the new dvd/stereo operation and just said "The manual's in the glove box). The install turned out fine but took so much more time than he said it would, that there was no way to get to work on time. When I told him about my displeasure, he didn't seem to care one way or the other. They will not get any more of my business or any referral customers. I've ran a couple of businesses over the last 40 years and I wouldn't dream of treating any customer like they did (especially a first time customer)  If I could put less than one star, I would. Thanx but no thanx.
5	Edit -  rebuttal written to David below...
5	The guys came out and did an awesome job!! My tv looks amazing. I would recommend them to anyone. Seriously! Thanks again guys!!! I couldn't be happier.
1	So Josh wants to repute almost everything that I wrote in my review. Imagine that! I've never been or have never believed in complaining about things that go well. When he claims the I was quoted a price without some of the components needed to complete the job the way I wanted. Well, he must have forgot that we texted each other about the details and the prices. I still have those texts to this day. So if he wants to cover his butt with lies, no problem. (not for me at least) I'll say this, since I've had install the deck, I've had no issues with it. But then again, I've haven't had any issues with the rest of the components I've installed by my self, and I don't have 20+ years of experience in the business. Hmmm!! Like I said, I just will never go or refer anyone (that I like) to his business. 'nough said!
5	Great service.  I needed a basic alarm and they did that in 30 minutes.  Awesome job.great price.
